 Mr. Speaker, I really can't dispute many of  the previous speakers' comments. The bottom line is that the aviation  industry, the aviation mode of transportation is the safest mode of  transportation. It is the safest way to travel. And the United States  has the gold standard in regard to aviation safety.   However, we are all aware of two very tragic accidents that resulted  in 346 lives that were lost, 346. Just because we have the best, we  have the safest, does not mean that we should ever stop striving for  better, we should ever stop striving for perfection.   Mr. Speaker, we had five hearings on this legislation. There were  numerous expert panels that were put together to review this, to  extract every single lesson learned.   I thank the acting administrator at the time, Dan Elwell--and I want  to congratulate him on his retirement--for his steady hand in ensuring  that, as we move forward, we base our decisions on facts. I thank him  for some of the changes within the FAA to ensure that we apply lessons  learned.   Mr. Speaker, as previous speakers noted, this legislation is the  result of all of these nonpartisan, independent expert reviews. We took  the lessons learned and we adapted it into legislation to make sure  that we can, as I said, continue to strive for perfection; to continue  to focus on, as my friend Mr. Larsen noted, the families; to keep a  face on this; to ensure that we never subject future families to the  same losses that we had in this case. And that is just what we did.    I thank Michael Stumo, one of the leaders of the families who called  us often and reminded us what it was that we were doing. We were  focusing on safety because this is about people, about real lives.   Mr. Speaker, this bill has a number of improvements, as I noted,  including ensuring that safety management systems are applied by  manufacturers and better controls over project management. The bill  integrates project review within the FAA to make sure that different  entities within the FAA are aware of what the others are doing.   The bill ensures that there is disclosure of safety critical  information in systems, including close inspection and review of new or  novel technologies that are introduced into the design to ensure that  we fully understand the impact of those. It ensures that there is  conformance with the FAA design type; meaning that you can't come in  and simply amend the design type if you are making significant changes  to the aircraft or if the aircraft design evolves over time to where if  initially it couldn't simply be an amended design.   Mr. Speaker, it also includes something that is very important. It  integrates human factors, ensuring that we understand how humans, how  pilots and others will behave in the instance of some type of safety  issue on aircraft.   Mr. Speaker, when an aircraft has a problem, you can't simply pull it  over to the side of the road and check it out. We have to make sure  that this continues to be the safest mode of transportation. We have to  continue to ensure that the United States truly has a gold standard.   I thank Chairman DeFazio and my friend, Chairman Larsen, as well as  full committee Ranking Member Graves of Missouri, for the work on this  bill because this bill didn't start out as something that was  bipartisan that everybody was on board with, but it did evolve to this  point. Candidly, there are few perfections in here that I would like to  see, but this is a really good bill, and it does simply take the  recommendations, the findings of the expert reports and it does turn  this into legislation.   I thank all my friends for working together on this. I thank Holly  and Hunter, whose baby Theo didn't comply with our schedule in this  legislation, for all of their hard work here.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  North Carolina (Mr. Rouzer), my friend, for yielding.   Look, I understand I am in the minority on this legislation in more  ways than one.   Mr. Speaker, years ago, there was a movie called ``Brewster's  Millions.'' ``Brewster's Millions'' featured Richard Pryor, John Candy,  and others. In that movie, Richard Pryor was tasked with spending $30  million in 30 days in order to get access to $300 million in  inheritance. So what he did in that movie is he just went out there and  carelessly spent money hand over fist, just spending it irresponsibly  and recklessly because it wasn't his money. He didn't have to really  care about if it was spent in a wise or principled manner.   Mr. Speaker, I am concerned that perhaps we are doing a little bit of  that here.   I want to be clear: I agree that our local governments and our State  governments deserve relief, but, Mr. Speaker, in 2018, just 2 years  ago, we actually passed, we enacted, section 1232 of the Disaster  Recovery Relief Act that requires that FEMA look at the cumulative  impact of disasters in a region to determine what the cost share should  be. So, the law already provides a mechanism to reduce the cost share.   I agree that they have not done a good job implementing it, but I do  believe it is important for us to ensure that local and State  governments have some concern with the dollars that are being spent,  some skin in the game.   Lastly, Mr. Speaker, look, whether it is a State or local or Federal  Government, you have three options: you can reduce spending; you can  raise taxes; or, you can incur debt. All we are doing is we are  probably going to incentivize this irresponsible spending, and we are  going to increase the Federal debt. I think that the better way to  address this would be forcing FEMA to implement section 1232 of the  DRRA law of 2018 the way that we intended, therefore achieving a  similar objective.   Mr. Speaker, I urge that we revisit this legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I just want to quickly make  note for the record that Hurricane Katrina was largely the result of  the Federal Government's actions, the devastation that was caused, the  loss of life. The Chief of Engineers of the U.S. Army Corps of  Engineers acknowledged their fault in that incident. Yes, it was  unique.   I also want to make clear that I said that I don't necessarily object  to the outcome of the legislation, but I think the way of getting there  is inappropriate. We need to have consistent standards on how to  achieve the right cost share for different disasters.   