 Madam Speaker, I rise in remembrance of Congressman  Mike Fitzpatrick who passed away 3 weeks ago after a 12-year battle  with cancer.   Mike was a public servant in the best sense of the word, a tireless  champion who loved his community and always worked to improve the lives  of his neighbors.   His long list of accomplishments--from the conservation of public  land as a county commissioner to the creation of the Washington  Crossing National Cemetery where he now rests, are achievements that  any Representative would be proud to have.   But one cannot accurately capture Mike's legacy without talking about  the kindness that motivated his 20 years of public service.   Years ago, a county park officer called Mike about a homeless man who  was living in the park and needed a place to stay. The shelters in town  were full and the park officer didn't know what to do. But Mike  Fitzpatrick did. He let the homeless man stay on his couch for the  night until he found him shelter the next day.   Not everybody here knows that story. But for those who know Mike, it  comes as no surprise. Mike never stopped trying to help his neighbors,  even after retiring from Congress and while battling a very terrible  disease. He was focused on what the late columnist Charles Krauthammer  called ``the things that matter,'' such as one's family and community.   For Mike, politics wasn't a career, but public service was a never- ending commitment--a passion to do good that was rooted in values like  patriotism and faith and was shaped by his upbringing in Levittown.   Certainly, Mike will be remembered for his willingness to cross party  lines. That is fitting. He believed the measure of a person went beyond  their partisan label. His bipartisan spirit has united this body many  times before, and it is uniting us once again today, even in one of the  most divided times in recent memory.   He did not apologize for being a Republican or a conservative. But in  truth, those were not the titles that mattered most to him. It was  titles like: ``father,'' ``Catholic,'' and ``brother'' that mattered.   He was faithful and he was honest. He lived with integrity and honor.  He turned the toughest moments in his personal life and career into  examples of courage, grit, and grace. Most importantly, he never shied  away from asking in the words of the old prayer: ``Lord, make me an  instrument of Your peace.''   In this body, we remember people and their legacies by portraits, and  I am sure there will be public memorials for him, but legacies of  change last so much longer. In fact, it grows from generation to  generation, like compounding interest or a snowball rolling downhill.   Mike's legacy is right here in Congress and back home in Bucks  County. They will be more than a tribute to one man. It will be an  internal reminder of the values he stood for, the hard work, the faith  in God, and never giving up.   I want you to join me in expressing our deepest condolences to his  family. His wife, Kathy, is here; his mother and father, Mary and Jim;  and we all know his brother Brian, living in his legacy. May God bring  us comfort and strength in this difficult time.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Hoyer).   