 Madam President----    Madam President, I thank the assistant Democratic leader.   We come back to the floor today, the Senator from Minnesota and I, to  reoffer a unanimous consent request that Senator Markey, the Senator  from Massachusetts, and I offered previously.   After the death of George Floyd and, unfortunately, similar  incidents, it has become increasingly obvious that our country is in  need of reconciliation--racial reconciliation and personal  reconciliation.   One of the things we could do to honor the memory of George Floyd and  to attempt to take one small step toward that reconciliation is to make  Juneteenth a Federal holiday. We previously had offered this unanimous  consent request, and my friend from Wisconsin has his reasons for  objecting, but one of the major newspapers in my State said to me: Try  again. So I am coming here to the floor to reoffer.   Juneteenth has been a holiday in Texas for 40 years because of the  distinct Texas connection. Just to remind my colleagues, Juneteenth was  the day when the Union Army Major General Gordon Ganger showed up in  Galveston and told people who had previously been slaves that they were  no longer slaves 2\1/2\ years after the Emancipation Proclamation.   I believe, in all sincerity, we need to remember our history because,  you know what, we learn from our mistakes, and if we don't remember our  history, we will not learn from our mistakes, and we will commit those  mistakes over and over and over again.   The tragic and brutal killing of George Floyd earlier this year has  shown a light on the injustices that still exist in our society. Now,  for somebody who looks like me, my experiences have been much different  from those of our friend Tim Scott, the Senator from South Carolina, or  the experiences of a pastor whom I encountered in Houston the other day  at a roundtable that Sylvester Turner, the mayor of Houston, convened  so that they could share with me their experiences.   This pastor, who was head of the local NAACP chapter, told me: I  honor the police. I respect the police. I support the police. But my  son, he is afraid of the police.   So, we clearly have a long way to go in treating all people the same,  regardless of the color of their skin. And when the perception among  some in the minority community is that they are being treated  differently, that is a problem that we should all try to address  together.   So one way we could attempt to make this small step toward that  reconciliation and continue to remind ourselves on an annual basis of  how far we have come but how far we still have to go would be to take  up this bill, pass it, and get it to the President's desk without  further delay.   At this point, before I ask for unanimous consent, I would yield to  the Senator from Minnesota.    Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous  consent that the Judiciary Committee be discharged from further  consideration and the Senate now proceed to S. 4019; further, that the  bill be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.   