 Mr. President, I rise to echo the sentiments of the  Senator from Vermont. He is right. The Republicans are wrong on this  issue. On every single part of this debate, Senator Sanders is right;  the Republicans are wrong.   We are in the middle of an unprecedented crisis in our country. We  have a healthcare crisis, we have an unemployment crisis, we have a  hunger crisis, we have a housing crisis, we have an addiction crisis,  and we have a moral crisis in this country.   The U.S. Government should be responding to the needs, to the  desperation of families in our country at this time. There is a crisis  of faith that the American people have in its government's ability to  respond to human suffering. Well, this institution has been created to  respond to human suffering. That is our job   Tony Fauci has made it very clear that the worst of the pandemic is  ahead of us, not behind us. We know what is coming, and yet we are not  responding. We know this is not going away soon, and yet we are not  responding.   A program, Operation Warp Speed, was created to create a vaccine, but  because for 7 months the Republicans have refused to fund the public  health  [[Page S7975]]  system of our country at the State and local level, we have ``Operation  Snail Speed'' to put the vaccinations in the arms of the American  people.   It was anticipatable. Tony Fauci and others were warning us back in  May and June and July that there would be a second wave and the second  wave could be bigger. We got the warning. The Republicans refused to  heed that warning.   And here we are now, without the public health infrastructure to deal  with the overflow capacity in emergency rooms, in ICUs all across the  country, while simultaneously asking those same medical institutions to  put vaccinations in the arms of healthy people, without the resources  provided by the Federal Government to help those States and local  communities to deal with that crisis.   Sometimes Daniel Patrick Moynihan would say that when you deal with  an issue you deal with it with benign neglect if you don't want to help  or you don't want to hurt--deal with benign neglect.   What has happened with the Republicans this year is that they created  a program which is designed neglect. It is an actual plan not to  provide the funding, not to provide the help for those families, for  those communities, for those institutions that are now being  overwhelmed, and asked, on top of that, to put this extra burden of  putting vaccinations in people's arms, but without the extra resources.   And what do they do on the Republican side? They throw out these red  herrings--so many red herrings that you would need to build an aquarium  in the well here of the Senate in order to deal with all of them--that  gets away from the central issue: Yes or no, up or down, will you  provide $2,000 to Americans who are going to need it through what Tony  Fauci is saying will be the worst part of this pandemic? Yes or no, up  or down, where do they stand on this issue?   Here is what we do know. Republicans seem more focused on funding the  Defense Department than they do on funding the defenseless in our  country, and Americans are becoming more defenseless as each day goes  by. The headlines are screaming that this panic, which is absolutely  understandable and based upon fact, is sweeping our country.   There is protection that the Federal Government should be providing  to these families. We hear it. They are hungry. They could be without  their homes. The addiction crisis is rising. They need help in their  families.   So from my perspective, we have a moment in time, and Donald Trump  happens to agree with us--even though a broken clock is right twice a  day. And we do agree with him. He is right. We do need this help, which  we should be providing to these families.   As we watch more and more of our American loved ones fall sick and  die, families are facing a new and unprecedented hardship. They are  having to make impossible decisions as to whether to put food on the  table or keep the heat on through the cold winter months, and the U.S.  Government has an obligation to help working people who, through no  fault of their own, are seeing all of the things that they care about,  all of the success that they have worked for, and all the financial  security they have earned be washed away.   And yet the Republicans want to put another ``Operation Snail Speed''  in place.   The damage to these families is anticipatable. We can see what is  unfolding. Dr. Fauci is telling us that we are at the worst part of the  pandemic and it is going to continue. So let us act in anticipation.   Louis Pasteur used to say that ``chance favors the prepared mind.''  That is what Dr. Tony Fauci is telling us. Let us prepare. Let us help  families prepare for what is about to arrive.   Just in Massachusetts alone, 21,000 new people applied for  unemployment insurance in the week before Christmas. Food banks across  Massachusetts and across the country are seeing double-digit increases  in demand with families who never faced food insecurity before. People  are literally starving, cold, and without homes.   Meanwhile, the majority leader and Republican leadership would rather  head home for the New Year and ignore the financial and health crises  that are taking a toll on our families. For millions of Americans, this  will be a New Year holiday where they won't know if they can put food  on the table that night. Republicans are claiming that giving $2,000 in  direct cash payments to working Americans would be too expensive, that  it would inflate our national deficit, that our budgets are already  bloated.   I have to ask, though, where was this outrage when Republicans blew  up our national deficit to give a $1.5 trillion tax cut to billionaires  and corporations? These are the crocodile tears from the right, as  Americans are shedding real tears thinking about where their next meal  will come from, the eviction notice on the front door, or losing  healthcare in the midst of this crisis.   Americans are actually tired of being told that $600 is  ``sufficient'' as an amount of money as relief, as billionaires receive  their tax breaks and grow their wealth by the trillions of dollars  during this crisis. The rich get richer, and the rest are there left  suffering. They have had enough of being told that there just isn't the  money for support for the well-being of their communities when they can  see tax breaks going to those companies that are actually laying off  workers.   Americans are tired of being let down by their government time and  time again, as Donald Trump and his Republican allies have abandoned  them during this response to the pandemic.   Americans need support. They need to be able to trust their  government, and they need $2,000 now. So that is the issue: Yes or no,  up or down, on providing $2,000 to Americans to help them make it  through the worst part of this crisis.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at 12:30 p.m. on  Thursday, December 31, the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of H.R. 9051, a bill to provide a $2,000 direct payment  to the working class; that the bill be considered read a third time and  the Senate vote on passage of that bill without intervening action or  debate; further, that if passed, the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table; and that immediately following the vote  on H.R. 9051, the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of the  veto message on H.R. 6395; that the Senate immediately vote on passage  of the bill, the objections of the President to the contrary  notwithstanding, with no intervening action or debate.   