 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise today in support of S. 760, the Support for Veterans in  Effective Apprenticeships Act. This bill would provide more  opportunities for servicemembers within apprenticeship programs that  align with their skills and their background.   As a veteran, one of the hardest things I did was transitioning back  to the civilian world. I spent somewhere around 8\1/2\ years in  conflict environments over the course of maybe 12 or 13, and it was  easier to stay in Iraq or Afghanistan than it was to come back to the  United States.   Now, we have got an outstanding military. It is resilient and bright;  many fought in two wars. They have excellent leadership and technical  skills, skills that would be used to close the skills gap. Veterans are  more likely to be underemployed than their nonveteran counterparts.  This is not because they lack the appropriate skills, rather, they lack  the clear path that helps them to transition from the military service  to good-paying jobs.   S. 760 ensures that veterans receive advanced standings in registered  apprenticeship programs for their prior experience. This bill  acknowledges the unique capabilities of veterans and simplifies the  process for veterans transitioning from successful careers in the  military to civilian life.   We have a wealth of experience right here in our country with our  veterans. Let's tap into that pool of intelligent and hardworking  heroes.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania  (Mr. Thompson).    Mr. Speaker, I am ready to close.   Mr. Speaker, S. 760 would help veterans transition to the civilian  workforce and address our growing skills gaps that has led to 7 million  unfilled jobs. This bill is a clear win for our country, and I urge my  colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3598, the Federally  Requiring Earned Education-debt Discharges for Vets Act, or the FREED  Vets Act. This bill would cancel student loan debt for some eligible  veterans.   H.R. 3598 would remove administrative obstacles preventing veterans  from receiving student loan discharges. It modernizes the  administration of Federal student loans, and it is a wonderful way to  honor veterans.   Most debate about student loans is highly contentious and very  partisan, but this bill here and now is an example of Democrats and  Republicans coming together for the benefit of American heroes.   Last year, President Trump signed an executive order eliminating a  process for disabled veterans to become eligible for loan forgiveness.  Today, we are here to ensure that this effort becomes permanent.   I am a veteran, and I have countless veteran friends, many of them  disabled. I know this bill will matter. Our veterans could use this  break after selfless service, most of whom fought in not one war, but  two--or many, at least.   The FREED Act is just one example of this body's commitment and  America's commitment to our Nation's bravest.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Fitzpatrick).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I thank the President for all he has done for our veterans. I thank  the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Lamb) as well as the gentlewoman  from Nevada (Mrs. Lee) for all of their hard work in making this piece  of legislation a reality.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on H.R. 3598.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and  also for his leadership.   I rise today in support of the Justice for Victims of Sanctuary  Cities Act.   In June of last year, ICE released a list of criminal illegal aliens  that were allowed back into their sanctuary communities by local  officials. One was deported four times before being arrested.   How common is it for a criminal illegal alien released by the  sanctuary jurisdiction to go on and commit further crimes? It is 40 to  80 percent.   This is so wrong. We are a people of laws. This is unacceptable.   My own district, the community of Lawrence, Kansas, is considering  adopting a sanctuary city policy.   Quite simply, these policies put our communities at risk. The Justice  for Victims of Sanctuary Cities Act would help victims of murder, rape,  and all other sorts of felonies.   I stand with those victims. I stand with the President. I stand with  my colleagues. I stand for all law-abiding citizens. And I stand for  justice.   