 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today President Trump unveiled his budget  proposal for fiscal year 2021. For the third year in a row, the  President's budget puts a magnifying glass on the endemic, pervasive  hypocrisy of this administration.   He says one thing in the State of the Union and does the opposite in  his budget. But the budget is what he does. The State of the Union is  just what he says. So, 1 week removed from the State of the Union  Address, President Trump's budget doublecrosses the American workers  and middle-class families he promised to help in that speech.   Let's take healthcare. Candidate Trump promised to protect the social  safety net programs like Medicare and Medicaid, unlike other  Republicans. Once in office, President Trump has proposed cutting-- cutting--Medicare and Medicaid every year he sent us a budget. Once  again, the President proposed steep cuts to Medicaid, as well as  onerous new qualification requirements, policies that would take  coverage away from millions.   Medicaid affects poor people, but it affects a whole lot of middle  class people whose parents are in nursing homes and healthcare  facilities. Dramatic cuts to Medicaid hurt large, large numbers of  Americans, both poor and middle class.   On top of that, the budget proposes cutting funding for the  Department of Health and Human Services by 9 percent. That is the  Department in charge of the coronavirus. He is cutting the budget.  Then, when something bad happens, he will blame somebody else. That is  his MO.   The President stood in front of the Nation and promised his  administration would protect Americans with preexisting conditions. It  was a lie when he said it, and his budget makes that very, very clear.  If the President's budget became reality, hundreds of billions of  dollars would be taken away from healthcare services, and tens of  millions of Americans would see their coverage disappear, including  millions with preexisting conditions.   There is one term that appears nowhere in the President's budget. It  is called ``climate change.'' One of the greatest challenges of our  time, the No. 1 threat facing our planet, climate change is not  mentioned once among the hundreds of pages of the President's budget,  except it does propose cutting the Environmental Protection Agency by  26 percent--more than a quarter.   The Earth is on fire. Antarctica had a 64-degree record temperature  this week. What is the President's response? He douses the fire with  the lighter fluid of weakened pollution regulations and then proposes  cutting the fire department.   He cares about the oil companies. Lots of those Big Oil wildcatters  send him tons of money. He doesn't care  [[Page S954]]  about the future of this globe and that we are leaving something awful  to our children and grandchildren.   Going further, in the President's budget, hundreds of billions would  be slashed from Federal housing assistance, student loan forgiveness,  and Federal disability insurance. Nutrition assistance to hungry  families, long on the President's chopping block, would see another  round of severe cuts. Food--food for children. They are poor. Take it  away. Is that what this country stands for? Is that what our Judeo- Christian tradition stands for? Absolutely not. Absolutely not.   If you are an American struggling with student loan debt or health  problems or housing costs or hunger, the President's budget says you  are out of luck. Meanwhile, if you are a millionaire or a billionaire  or a corporation or a Big Oil wildcatter, the President's budget says  you are in luck.   When it comes to taxes, the President thinks the tax cuts should be  extended for an additional 10 years. So, so much for this deficit  reduction that the Republican Party used to stand for. Now it is clear.  A few years after the tax cuts--2 years after them--the deficit is  increasing. It hasn't produced that dramatic increase in revenues that  everyone talked about. But let's do it for 10 years. No Republican  should complain to Democrats about deficit reduction when we are  talking about things that matter to average middle-class people, like  Medicare and Medicaid, when the tax cuts are proposed for 10 years.   So the budget reveals once again where President Trump's priorities  truly lie: not with the working Americans he touts in his speeches but  with the ultrarich and the corporate elites he rewards with his  policies. It can't be discarded soon enough.   One more point--I said it the night of the President's State of the  Union. I said the truth serum will be his budget. Let's see if the  President, for once, is telling a little bit of the truth.   The budget shows all the rhetoric is one way, and the actual budget  is another. How long will the American people stand for this man's  hypocrisy--blatant? I have never seen it in a President--Democrat or  Republican--before.   