 Mr. Speaker, I rise to support Amendment No. 402, as part  of En Bloc Package 2, to H.R. 6395, the William M. (Mac) Thornberry  National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021. This amendment  addresses and corrects a regulatory mismatch of the manner in which a  small passenger vessel that operates in Southeast Alaska is measured.  Specifically, the M/V Liseron (United States official number 971339), a  converted minesweeper that conducts overnight passenger cruises in the  eco-tourism trade in Southeast Alaska, should be classified as the same  regulatory tonnage for licensing its crew as is used for its safety  inspection category, and the other vessels in the same trade.  [[Page H3581]]    By way of background, the motor vessel Liseron was built in a U.S.  shipyard in Tacoma, WA, in the early 1950's as one of a class of seven  minesweepers under the auspices of the U.S. Navy for the French but was  subsequently reacquired by the Navy in 1955. It was constructed to  navigate shallow waters of bays, coastlines, and inlets having a  shallow draft, which is why it makes for the perfect vessel to operate  in Southeast Alaska. Specifically, the M/V Liseron is 145 feet long and  28 feet wide with a draft of 8.5 feet. Later delisted by the Navy, The  Boat Company in Port Orchard, WA, acquired and restored the vessel in  the late 1980's. After an extensive 16-month restoration in the late  1980's in a U.S. shipyard facility in Tarpon Springs, FL, where the  vessel was gutted and refitted, this vessel was placed into service in  the early 1990's as an eco-tourism vessel in Southeast Alaska. The  vessel's operations have a significant economic impact in both  Washington State, where it is homeported in the off season, and Alaska.  Its operations during the cruising season in Southeast Alaska bring  significant job opportunities and needed economic activity in local  businesses by the company and its customers. The vessel enables  tourists from around the world to come and enjoy the fishing and  unparalleled scenic and natural beauty that Alaska has to offer.   Operationally, the M/V Liseron has ten staterooms and is limited to  about 20 passengers. More critically, the vessel is currently inspected  by the Coast Guard as a small passenger vessel in the 100 gross  regulatory tonnage category. Notwithstanding that, the vessel has a  larger tonnage entered on its certificate of inspection. This larger  tonnage is due to the arcane nature of the U.S. vessel admeasurement  laws, rules that govern the volumetric size of vessels. Larger  competitor vessels can be 238 feet in length and carry 100 passengers,  i.e., nearly 100 feet longer and 5 times the number of passengers, yet  they are considered to be in the smaller 100 GT small passenger vessel  category for both licensing and inspection purposes.   Needless to say, the M/V Liseron has an equity disparity as the  vessel must compete with similar or larger vessels in the eco-tourism  trade. While the vessel is inspected and regulated for all safety  purposes in a lower tonnage category, due to the higher tonnage rating  entered on its certificate of inspection, the M/V Liseron must source  crew from seafarers with deep water credentials (i.e., 500 GT) rather  than for the shallower and protected waters of Southeast Alaska.   The inequity is underscored by the fact that the M/V Liseron  physically can fit within the volumetric profile of its competitors.  That is, it is smaller, but the rules say it should be assigned a  measurement of being larger. This is a classic example of the  matryoshka principle. Further, the vessel carries far fewer passengers  than its competitors. This seems to be a regulatory mismatch and  creates the inequitable situation where a physically larger vessel that  carries five times the number of passengers is determined to be smaller  for crew licensing. And this mismatch results in the M/V Liseron to  have its master and chief mate with a license in a much higher tonnage  category. The amendment corrects this inequity and regulatory anomaly.  This legislation prohibits the M/V Liseron from undergoing any  alteration of its size. It also limits the operation while carrying  passengers to inland waters of the United States so it will not go on  deep sea oceangoing cruises. Further the Coast Guard may require a  licensed crew member to have additional credentials in a justifiable  case if the experience and training of the individual warrant it.  Consequently, there is no reason why the smaller M/V Liseron that  carries far fewer passengers must have a crew licensed in a larger  tonnage category.   Under the current situation, a higher turnover for the master and  first mate occurs because these mariners with the larger 500 GT  licenses, which are more appropriate for deep water oceangoing vessels,  leave whenever a deep-water position is available. This is  understandable from their point of view. These 500 GT qualified crew  get a larger tonnage license to work on larger seagoing vessels, not a  smaller vessel operating in the shallow waters of bays, coastlines, and  inlets in the inland waters of Southeast Alaska. This makes attracting  500 GT qualified crew that much more difficult. While the rest of the  crew is stable, these two positions require that new hires undergo  qualifying to operate the vessel each time these positions turn over  for these inland waters. If the master and first mate can hold 100 GT  licenses it will result in less turnover and more appropriately  experienced personnel that will ultimately contribute to even safer and  more consistent operation of the vessel. No alteration of the vessel  itself is proposed nor will the crew size be reduced. Only two  positions are affected by this legislation.   Another aspect of the vessel's operations is the economic impact of  the cancellations due to the COVID-19. The operation of the eco-tourism  trade in Southeast Alaska is seasonal. As a result, the M/V Liseron has  lost an entire season of revenue due to cancellations. Continuing an  artificial barrier such as having to hire crew in a mismatched  licensing category will only add to the vessel's difficulties to  recover from this economic loss when they are able to resume  operations.   The tragic fire that occurred on board the dive vessel Conception on  September 2, 2019, has brought additional scrutiny to small passenger  vessels with overnight accommodations. Almost immediately after that  fire an official marine investigation was commenced. I understand that  in addition a criminal investigation is being conducted and will take a  long time to complete. All of this is appropriate and should be done to  get at the root of what went wrong on that vessel. As part of the  safety concerns, the Coast Guard initiated a special Concentrated  Inspection Campaign (CIC) to review the safety of all small passenger  vessels with overnight accommodations. On October 8, 2019, the M/V  Liseron was fully inspected by the Coast Guard as a vessel with  overnight accommodations as part of this special inspection campaign. I  understand that the CIC program included a job aid worksheet used by  the Coast Guard inspectors to evaluate crew operations and procedures  when inspecting the M/V Liseron and other overnight accommodation small  passenger vessels. As a result of this special inspection, I understand  that the Coast Guard confirmed that the vessel passed every aspect of  its certificate of inspection without exception and for crew  performance. For passenger safety, the vessel has early warning and  fire detection alarm systems, ready evacuation routes from each  passenger cabin onto the main deck, and approved life rafts and vests.  Having passed this rigorous and special inspection, the M/V Liseron is  free of any of the issues that plagued the Conception. The change  brought about by this legislation will not create a vessel construction  or safety issue.   I urge all of my colleagues to join me to enact this statutory  provision permitting the Coast Guard to treat this vessel as less than  100 gross tons for the purpose of applying the operational regulatory  measurement under section 14305 of title 46, United States Code,  provided that nothing is done to change the size of the vessel, the  cruising with passengers is limited to inland waters, and the Coast  Guard has authority to prescribe additional credentials as needed for  the licensed crew. By adjusting the tonnage rating for licensing the M/ V Liseron's crew to be consistent with its safety inspection category,  the M/V Liseron would be able to hire and retain more appropriate  experienced crew familiar with Southeast Alaskan waterways and small  passenger vessel operations, and be regulated the same as other similar  or larger vessels with which the M/V Liseron must compete.   Mr. McGovern. Mr. Speaker. I want to thank Armed Services Committee  Chairman Adam Smith and Ranking Member Thornberry for including my  bipartisan amendment in this en bloc amendment.   Mr. Speaker, the whole world is suffering through the terrible  coronavirus pandemic. More than 14.5 million cases of COVID-19 have  been confirmed globally, more than 600,000 people have already died,  and both numbers continue to grow. All of us are witnessing the  devastating consequences in lost livelihoods and increased food  insecurity.   As if that were not enough, some governments are using the pandemic  as a pretext to infringe on the human rights of their people and to  grab political power at their expense.   It's clear that during public health emergencies governments may take  steps to halt the spread of disease, such as restricting the movement  of people, closing businesses, and limiting access to public spaces.   But even during emergencies countries must comply with their human  rights obligations. That means that emergency measures must meet  certain criteria like being narrowly tailored, limited in duration,  non-discriminatory and subject to oversight.   Yet what we're seeing is that many governments are taking measures  that do not meet these criteria. We're seeing unjustified restrictions  on information and freedom of expression that block access to crucial  information. We're seeing emergency measures that shift power to the  executive branch and erode democratic checks and balances. And we're  seeing the use of intrusive surveillance technology without privacy  safeguards, to name only some of the worst trends.   The coronavirus pandemic is a human tragedy of enormous scale. To  allow it to become an excuse for governments to further erode democracy  and human rights would amplify that tragedy many times over. We must  not let that happen. The key to recovery is more democracy and respect  for human rights, not less.   This amendment authorizes actions to push back on those countries  that use the pandemic to justify violating human rights. It includes  reporting on how our government is  [[Page H3582]]  working to counter disinformation about the pandemic, and on the nature  and impact of the emergency measures countries take that result in  rights abuses. It authorizes analyzing a country's response to the  pandemic when determining eligibility for security sector assistance  and requires the Department of Defense to track whether partner  security forces have taken advantage of the pandemic to the detriment  of the civilian population. And it requires the annual Department of  State Country Reports on Human Rights Practices to include attention to  the misuse of emergency powers or surveillance technology.   I'm very grateful for the strong bipartisan support this amendment  has received from the House Foreign Affairs Committee and the House  Armed Services Committee. I would like to thank my colleagues who have  joined me as cosponsors: Rep. Ann Wagner (MO), Rep. Tom Malinowski (D- NJ), Rep. Brian Fitzpatrick (R-PA), Rep. Gus Bilirakis (F-FL), and Rep.  Jamie Raskin (D-MD).   I am also grateful for the support this bipartisan initiative has  received from a number of well-known and highly respected human rights  organizations, including the American Jewish World Service, Amnesty  International USA, the Committee to Protect Journalists, the Council  for Global Equality, Freedom House, Human Rights First, Human Rights  Watch, International Center for Not-for-Profit Law, PEN America,  Project on Middle East Democracy, Tahrir Institute for Middle East  Policy, the U.S.-Europe Alliance and the Washington Office on Latin  America.   Mr. Speaker, this amendment makes clear that the United States  continues to support the protection of internationally recognized human  rights, including the freedom of speech and a free press, during and  after the coronavirus pandemic, and opposes using the coronavirus  pandemic to justify policies that violate or undermine human rights. I  ask all my colleagues to support this amendment and En Bloc 2 amendment  in which it is included.   