 Mr. Speaker, I represent the Sierra Nevada of  California. Yosemite Valley, Sequoia and Kings Canyon, and Lake Tahoe  are all within my district.   The Yosemite Land Grant Act signed by President Lincoln in 1864 was  the first time the Federal Government set aside land for ``public use,  resort, and recreation . . . for all time.''   Today, the Federal estate has grown to 640 million acres. That is 28  percent of the land area of our Nation. While the Federal Government  owns just seven-tenths of 1 percent of New York State and 1.8 percent  of Texas, it owns 46 percent of my home State of California and 93  percent of Alpine County in my district.   Now, we in the Sierra revere our public lands, and we are proud to  share them with the world. But the Federal Government now holds far  more land than it can take care of. The Federal lands now face a $20  billion backlog of deferred maintenance, which makes tourism less  desirable.   Now, this is all land that is off the local tax rolls, denying our  local governments vital revenues. Federal restrictions on productive  use of these lands has devastated local economies and, worst of all,  the Federal Government has utterly neglected the management of our  forests to the point that they have become morbidly overgrown and now  present a constant threat of catastrophic fire.   Now, shouldn't we take care of the land we already hold before we  acquire still more land? And when we have already taken two-thirds of  Alaska and Utah and four-fifths of Nevada, shouldn't we pause and ask  for some balance around the country?   Now, this measure does provide enough money over the next 5 years to  address about half of our current deferred maintenance needs, and that  is very good. But then that funding disappears, and we are left with  locked-in, billion-dollar-a-year mandatory spending in perpetuity for  new land acquisitions placed outside of Congress' control, while  removing the requirement that future acquisitions be focused where the  Federal Government owns very little land.    It means that unelected bureaucrats will have a billion-dollar-a-year  slush fund to take private property off the tax rolls with no  accountability to our local communities, no provisions for long-term  maintenance, and no reforms to protect our people from the scourge of  wildfire produced by the continuing neglect of our Federal forests.    Mr. Speaker, first and foremost, the Confederacy was  a fundamental attack on our Constitution and the founding principles of  our Nation, and it should never be romanticized or lauded.   I have got no problems with removing, lawfully, any monument that  specifically honors this rebellion, but that is not what this bill  does. Rather, it begins by removing the bust of Roger Taney from the  Old Supreme Court Chamber.   Now, it is true he wrote the absolutely worst decision ever rendered  by the Supreme Court, the Dred Scott decision, but let's not forget he  also presided over and joined in one of its better decisions, the  Amistad slave case.   If we remove memorials to every person in this building who ever made  a bad decision--and his was the worst--well, this will be a very barren  place, indeed. It is only by the bad things in our history that we can  truly measure all of the good things in our history.   Now, this bill also removes the statues of Confederate sympathizers  sent to the Capitol by the States. Well, that is not our decision. That  is a decision that has always belonged to the individual States, and  several of them are already making these decisions. We should let them.   The only other one is John C. Breckinridge of Kentucky, who is  honored not for his service to the Confederacy but, rather, for his  service as Vice President of the United States. And, granted, we have  had some absolutely terrible Vice Presidents through our history, and I  am sure we will in the future, but if we are going to start down that  road, we are going to be swapping out statues like trading cards at the  whim of the moment. Our Nation's history should be made of sterner  stuff.   Perhaps we would all be better advised to practice a little temporal  humility and heed the wisdom of Omar Khayyam: ``The moving finger  writes; and, having writ, moves on: nor all thy piety nor wit shall  lure it back to cancel half a line, nor all thy tears wash out a word  of it.''   