 Madam Chair, I want to thank the gentlewoman  from Texas for yielding me the time.   Madam Chair, we are in a situation where we absolutely have needs in  terms of disaster victims, whether it is Puerto Rico, the Virgin  Islands, Texas, South Carolina, North Carolina, Louisiana, and other  States that have been impacted by disasters.   We have had hundreds of billions of dollars in damages in those  States in just the last 4 years. It is extraordinary. I had the chance  to travel to many of those States and territories to see firsthand the  impacts, and I wanted to be very clear. Virtually what everyone said on  both sides of the aisle, they are right in terms of what the disaster  victims are going through.   But I do not agree in what folks are prescribing the strategy to be.  We don't need to stand here and see who can out-Puerto Rico the other.  It is not a money problem. I have been through this with millions and  millions of people. We have policy problems. There are literally tens  of billions of dollars in the bank today that we are unable to get to  disaster victims.   Dumping more money on top of the existing more than $40 billion in  the Disaster Relief Fund, and the billions and billions of dollars  available today for Puerto Rico under the Community Development Block  Grant Disaster Recovery Program, that doesn't solve the problem.   There is an amendment coming up later today by our Members from Texas  to put more money into a fund because some of the agencies have had  trouble even getting law changes interpreted out.   This isn't the solution. I want to thank everybody for coming here  and trying to solve the problem for disaster victims. But when you  investigate this, I assure you, every single one of you will come back  and understand that this is a capacity problem. Getting the bureaucracy  in both the territories, the States, and also at the Federal level,  getting the dollars to the disaster victims, that is why we are having  problems today.   I want to say this again. There are tens of billions of dollars  available. President Trump approved individual and public assistance  for disaster victims of the earthquakes in Puerto Rico. We have got to  make sure that the money is actually getting to the right people.   Dumping additional money on top of the tens of billions of dollars  doesn't solve the problem. We need to focus on real solutions and not  stand here and practice politics with one another.   I urge rejection to this bill. Let's take a step back and fix the  policy problems.    Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Crenshaw) for fighting for the disaster victims of the awful  hurricanes that his constituents and others have gone through in Texas,  Florida, North Carolina, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands.   And I want to thank Congresswoman Fletcher for her co-sponsorship of  this amendment and efforts to get this wrong fixed.   Madam Chair, I want to very simply explain what is happening here. So  you have people that have experienced disasters; that have been through  some type of flood or other disaster. The immediate assistance that is  available to those disaster victims, and this is for homeowners, for  renters, not for businesses--but the Small Business Administration  offers loans, disaster loans, to individuals. They offer it to  businesses, too, but they offer loans to individuals.   And that is the only money that is largely available in the immediate  aftermath. There may be a small grant available from FEMA, but it is  the only money. So if you want to be proactive, if you want to lean  forward, those are the resources that are available. You apply for a  loan. So that is one of your options.   The other option that you have is that you can sit back in a FEMA- supplied hotel room, or you can sit back in a FEMA-supplied trailer.  The trailers, by the way, cost about $150,000 a piece, under FEMA's  ridiculous process.   So you can have one option where your thousands and thousands of  dollars of taxpayer funds are paying for your hotel room. You can have  another option where $150,000 is going toward a trailer to house you  temporarily, while you sit back and wait.   The other option is you lean forward, you get the loan, and you help  to rebuild. You help to get your community back on its feet. You help  to get the tax base.   Under our ridiculous Federal policies, the people that were proactive  are penalized.   The gentleman from Texas, the gentlewoman from Texas, they are  exactly right. The people are penalized that are trying to get  recovered faster; that are trying to get their community recovered  faster; that are trying to not spend more taxpayer funds on hotel rooms  or trailers.   Yet, our Federal policy penalizes them for it; tells them that when  grants are available, grants that you don't have to pay back; that they  are ineligible. We are rewarding the wrong type of behavior.   So, with the help of many people in this room, we changed the law.  The Disaster Recovery Reform Act of 2018 changes, section 1210(a). We  fixed this.   The problem is, it took HUD over a year to write guidance, and they  totally missed it. They invented criteria that is not in the law. They  totally missed it. They introduced discriminatory criteria and make it  virtually impossible for many people to get assistance.   So what this amendment does, it is adding money to help fix a wrong.  It shouldn't have to be done.   I urge adoption of this amendment. But most importantly, Madam Chair,  we have got to fix these policies that are causing the Federal  Government to re-victimize disaster victims. That is not why we are  here. That is not representing.   I will say it again; I urge adoption of this amendment. I want to  thank my friends from Texas for their work on this. We need to move  forward and fix this long-term.   