 ROE of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.J. Res. 80, approving the  request of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for a waiver under the law  established by the VA MISSION Act of 2018.   Specifically, this bill would approve VA's first request for a waiver  under section 152, as the chairman mentioned, the authority for the  Department of Veterans Affairs Center for Innovation for Care and  Payment contained within the VA MISSION Act of 2018.   The MISSION Act is one of the most transformative pieces of  legislation passed in recent history. Over the next several years,  given the authorities provided in the MISSION Act, the VA healthcare  system that we know today will evolve into one that is stronger, more  efficient, and better able to meet the healthcare needs of veterans now  and for generations of veterans to come.   In addition to streamlining numerous community care programs,  establishing a process to review and modernize VA assets and  infrastructure, expanding the caregiver program, and enhancing the  internal capacity of the VA healthcare, the MISSION Act created a  Center for Innovation for Care and Payment.   The Innovation Center is charged with establishing pilot programs  designed to test potential payment and service delivery models, models  currently not in VA's authority to pursue without a waiver, with the  goal of reducing expenditures while preserving or enhancing the quality  and access to care furnished by VA.   Under the terms of the MISSION Act, the joint resolution we are  considering today meets the requirements set forth in law with regard  to approving waivers. The substance of this waiver is very modest. It  will allow VA to expand its role in assisting veterans who aren't  eligible for VA-provided dental care by establishing a pilot program to  connect veterans with community-based discounted or pro bono dentists.    The objective of the pilot is to improve the overall health of  currently enrolled veterans who are ineligible for VA dental services.  The waiver specifically allows VA administrative staff to coordinate  community-provided care while also educating veterans on the dental  care options available to them within the community.   This proposed pilot is a commonsense approach to improving the  wellness of veterans. Research has shown that poor oral health can have  a significant impact on overall health with numerous connections  between gum disease and other illnesses. Poor oral health is also  correlated with potentially avoidable and costly emergency department  visits.   Additionally, the approval of this waiver holds open the opportunity  for VA to pursue other ideas that can enhance the care and services  provided to veterans while also respecting the resources provided by  the American taxpayer.   I look forward to working with the VA through the Center of  Innovation  [[Page H186]]  in identifying additional out-of-the-box approaches that could  potentially transform the VA even further for the future.   I thank Chairman Takano for working with me to get this joint  resolution to the House floor in a timely manner.   I urge all of my colleagues to support H.J. Res. 80, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    ROE of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to  the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Bilirakis), my good friend and a great  friend of the Veterans' Affairs Committee. There has been no more  consistent member of that committee, who has numerous advocates, and I  really appreciate his support of this joint resolution.    ROE of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, I yield myself the  balance of my time.   Madam Speaker, this is a very simple resolution. I urge all of my  colleagues to support H.J. Res. 80, and I yield back the balance of my  time.   