 Mr. Speaker, I want to first thank my friend, the  gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. Mullin), for bringing this legislation,  the Tribal Power Act. It is an important piece of legislation to help  those Tribal communities. He does, as the gentleman from Oregon (Mr.  Walden) said, provide great leadership for Tribal issues, and this is  surely one I am sure we will work with.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the Energy and Commerce  Committee, Mr. Pallone, for bringing this as well.   Now, with my time, Mr. Speaker, and you may want to cut it short if  this turns into a roast, my friend from Oregon is, as Mr. Mullin said,  departing at the end of this Congress.   I am not sure why you would want to leave after 22 years in Congress,  but you have surely earned the right.   I got to know Mr. Walden when I was a freshman coming onto the Energy  and Commerce Committee back in 2009 in my first year in Congress.   When you look at the dais now, it has surely changed a lot, but back  in those days, I would offer, of my own good will, to make coffee for  Mr. Walden. He was one of those senior members of the committee-- probably more of a junior member, but I was the most junior member. But  we actually developed a really good friendship.   As we do around here, we all battle it out on issues. We come up here  to fight for the things that are important to our districts, important  to the country from our perspective, and then you find people along the  way you befriend who have that same perspective, and Mr. Walden has  been one of those. I have learned a lot from him.   We have really, I think, achieved so many things on the Energy and  Commerce Committee, and especially during his time as chairman.   I just want to mention a few of those areas where he has made this a  better country, because we can all talk about the things that we want  to do when we come up here and you would like to work with others, but  then to be able to look back and see real, tangible achievements that  make this a better country, it really does pay tribute that your time  here was well spent. And for Mr. Walden, it surely was, and, you know,  maybe none more obvious than what we just saw yesterday.    President Trump had a summit to talk about the rollout of a vaccine  for COVID-19, a vaccine that came through work that we did in this  Congress and the CARES Act to give money to the administration so that  they could focus on finding a vaccine, but then it takes the ability,  the tools.   The FDA is the gold standard in the world. The FDA has had problems  over the years, and this committee, the Energy and Commerce Committee,  has had to come together to address some of those problems so that FDA  can continue to be the gold standard that not only ensures that the  trials go through the proper process, because you don't want a drug to  come to market that has adverse consequences, but you also don't want  government to get in the way and slow down the ability for a drug that  will save lives to go through years and years of bureaucracy, and that  had been going on.   When we were able to pass the bill to modernize FDA approval of drugs  a few years ago when Mr. Walden was chairman, some of those reforms  actually are what got us to the brink of an FDA-approved vaccine for  COVID-19, and that will save millions of lives in America and around  the world. You have seen people like the 90-year-old woman in Great  Britain who is the first person to get the vaccine. That is from the  work of what we did here at the FDA.   FDA is on the verge of approving that vaccine in America, and it will  also, in addition to saving lives, allow us to reopen our economy  fully, and I think that is another objective we all have.   That doesn't happen by accident. It happened because of leadership.   Again, without your leadership in reforming the FDA, we may be  waiting years, not months, to get that vaccine to market.   We had the SUPPORT Act to address the opioid crisis in this country.  Every community in America had been  [[Page H7071]]  touched by the opioid crisis, and Congress had to take action. Again,  working, Republicans and Democrats together, under your leadership as  chairman, we did just that, and there are millions of lives that are  saved because of that work.   The FCC modernization and reauthorization, which typically happens,  but when it was done in 2018, it was named after Ray Baum, who was the  staffer who ran the Energy and Commerce Committee. I believe you all  served together in the legislature. Unfortunately, we lost him, and to  name that important piece of legislation after Ray Baum, I know, was  not only important to keep the FCC going, but also to pay tribute to  someone who came up here to do good public service for the country and  did.   Finally, the reauthorization was to free up spectrum. This has been a  challenge for years as we worked to get more spectrum, which has  improved everybody's lives, to get to a 5G network.   That work was done, and the leadership of Chairman Walden to get that  done when even the scorekeepers here said it wouldn't really produce  anything for the country, well, billions and billions of dollars later  that this country has to pay down our debt came out of that  legislation, as well as spectrum to allow us to get to a 5G network,  spectrum to allow us to build up more rural broadband.   All of the things that improve people's quality of life happened  because of the leadership of Chairman Walden, during your time as  chairman of the committee. You have earned the opportunity to go and  enjoy the next phase of your life.   But while you will be missed here, you leave a great legacy where you  can point to the things you have done that make America a greater  country, and for that, I thank you. I know all of us join in in  applauding your time here in this great institution.   