 Madam President, I thank the Senator from Washington for  her leadership on our great public lands and the bill, the Great  American Outdoors Act, that we will be voting on this week and debating  into next week. What an historic occasion for the U.S. Senate. We don't  often have the chance to make history. This week, we do. So thank you  to the Senator from Washington.   June is, of course, the Great Outdoors Month. Since 1998, when  President Clinton started with 1 week of the Great Outdoors Week, it  has since expanded and has been observed every year, beginning with  those Great American Outdoors Weeks in 1998 to the entire month of June  celebrating that we do today.  [[Page S2756]]    This week, we are debating landmark legislation, the Great American  Outdoors Act, that brings two ideas together that have been worked on  by so many of my colleagues in this Chamber for so long.   I introduced this legislation with Senator Manchin, along with so  many other bipartisan champions for the outdoors and our great public  lands and spaces. The Great American Outdoors Act combines $1.9 billion  a year for 5 years for deferred maintenance at the National Park  Service, the U.S. Forest Service, the Fish and Wildlife Service, the  Bureau of Land Management, which is now headquartered in Grand  Junction, CO, and the Bureau of Indian Education schools, and permanent  annual funding of the Land and Water Conservation Fund, the crown jewel  of our conservation programs, at $900 million per year.   Let's revisit how we arrived at this historic moment. Last year, the  Senate came together, in bipartisan fashion, and passed the most  significant conservation measure in over a decade. The John D. Dingell,  Jr. Conservation, Management, and Recreation Act, among other things,  included the permanent authorization of the Land and Water Conservation  Fund.   Congress had established the LWCF in 1965, with the idea of using  revenue generated from offshore energy development to fund improvements  on public lands at no cost to the taxpayer. I repeat that again--at no  cost to the taxpayer. The LWCF has increased access for Americans  everywhere to hunt, fish, camp, and enjoy recreation activities on  their public lands, the lands we own and hold as a country.   It has protected and expanded access for conservation in all 50  States, the territories, and in nearly every county. LWCF is the crown  jewel, as I said, of our Nation's conservation programs, and it has  broad bipartisan support. Yet, for decades, short-term authorizations  and uncertain funding levels hampered the ability of the conservation  community to come up with the long-term plans that we need to protect  our most cherished landscapes.   The John D. Dingell, Jr. Conservation, Management, and Recreation Act  took care of one of those problems. We actually managed to solve a  problem, but it was just half of the picture. The permanent  reauthorization of the program guaranteed the full $900 million  authorization would be set aside every year going forward. We won that  fight. Together, we passed that legislation.   However, the fight for fully funding the program continued. While I  am appreciative of the ever-increasing levels of funding we have  successfully fought to secure--in fact, we have seen some of the  highest funding over the last year or 2 years than we have seen in over  15 years that we have successfully fought to secure in the Senate--it  is still not what was agreed to. It is still not what was agreed to  when this program was created in 1965.   The Great American Outdoors Act fixes this issue. It guarantees that  the full $900 million that is sent in to the LWCF trust fund are spent  every year and not diverted for other purposes. I would like to share  some of the landscapes in my home State that LWCF has preserved for the  public and for generations to come.   You can see this picture, this incredible, awesome, majestic  landscape of the Great Sand Dunes National Park and Preserve. It is  located in the approximately 122-mile-long San Luis Valley in Southeast  Colorado. The dunes in the park are the tallest found anywhere in North  America, and right now people are visiting to experience the seasonal  flow of Medano Creek, which forms in front of the dunes as snow melts  in the spring and early summer. It is the closest thing that we see to  beachfront property every spring at the sand dunes.   As you can imagine, the ecosystem in this area is incredibly  delicate. You see, the sand dunes are here because of basically the  hydrostatic charge that is created from the groundwater when it comes  to the sand particles. It is that water that forms around the sand that  holds the sand dunes in place. Without the water underneath it, the  sand dunes just blow away, and they are not there.   The sand dunes sit next to what are some of the most important  wetlands in the State of Colorado. LWCF funds were used to protect  those wetlands and to facilitate a transfer to an existing refuge,  while also helping to protect the dunes. LWCF was able to protect the  land that protected the water that keeps the dunes in place.   In northwestern Colorado--we go to the next picture--a ranch sits  along the banks of the Yampa River, which flows into Cross Mountain  Canyon, then downstream to Dinosaur National Monument. If you have ever  been to Dinosaur National Monument, you know what an incredible  treasure that is. It straddles the States of Colorado and Utah. The  Cross Mountain Canyon run is one of the best white-water rafting trips  in the State, and if it is one of the best white-water rafting trips in  the State, you can guarantee that it makes it one of the best in the  country because of what we have to offer in Colorado. There is also a  very healthy elk population that facilitates seasonal hunting, and  obviously the fishing is great as well.   Throughout this area of public land--through both the monument and  lands under the Bureau of Land Management--and private land, access to  our public lands is difficult for those who travel to this area of  Colorado from all over the world to hunt, to fish, to raft, and more.   With a small amount of LWCF funding through the Forest Legacy  Program, which we also fund through LWCF, the ranch on the banks of the  Yampa River was able to enter a conservation easement. This  protected and enhanced access to tens of thousands of surrounding acres  of Federal lands. You see, we not only have the opportunity to continue  protecting our public lands, but there are public lands that we don't  have access to because you can't get to it. So utilizing a program like  the Land and Water Conservation Fund helps the American people have  access to what they already hold.    In southwest Colorado, we go to another successful Forest Legacy  Program project that protects vital wildlife habitat and a watershed  that provides water to thousands of people. The Sawtooth Ranch is  visible from the San Juan Skyway, one of the most spectacular places on  God's Earth--one of 31 designated scenic All-American roads. It is also  visible from Mount Sneffels, one of Colorado's famous fourteeners.   Outdoor recreation of every kind takes place in the area next to the  ranch to support the local economy, and the protection of the ranch has  helped facilitate even greater opportunities.   Federal lands like the ones I have shown you are incredibly popular  destinations for tourists from all over the world, as well as  recreational enthusiasts. In 2018, Rocky Mountain National Park was the  third most visited national park in the country.   There were 4.9 million people that visited the park last year,  setting a new record. Just decades prior to 2009--think about this-- that was 4.9 million people in just the last year. In 2009, that  visitation number was only 2.8 million a year.   The explosion of visitation numbers is not contained just to the  lands maintained by the National Park Service. The entire Federal land  system is supporting a recreation economy that has become a major  economic powerhouse because as more people go to places like Sawtooth  Ranch and as more people go to places like Rocky National Park, they  are pushed out to other areas of Arapaho and Roosevelt National  Forests. They are pushed out to the north sand dune, the BLM land, and  more use and more use and more opportunity.   But the Federal investment and infrastructure that supports these  great landscapes and the recreation economies they facilitate has not  kept pace, and we know that it has not kept pace with the use of the  lands. In Colorado, that translates to the third most visited national  park in the country, which saw 4.9 million visitors last year, having  an $84 million maintenance backlog. In total, Colorado's units managed  by the National Park System have a $247 million backlog of deferred  maintenance needs.   The Forest Service in Colorado has an astonishing $325 million  maintenance backlog. When you think about that pattern repeated on  Federal lands and in our parks across 49 other States,  [[Page S2757]]  you begin to understand how we arrived at a systemwide $20 billion  backlog.   The Great American Outdoors Act will provide an annual funding level  of $1.9 billion over the next 5 years to a restoration fund, for which  money can be used solely for those deferred maintenance projects, and  this is all paid for. It is all paid for by revenues associated with  onshore and offshore energy development. This will allow the land  management agencies to address the highest priority projects to bring  our outdoor recreation economy into the 21st century for the enjoyment  of the 22nd, the 23rd, and the 24th centuries of this great Nation.   And the 21st century, of course, is where it needs to be and where we  start. According to the Bureau of Economic Analysis, hunting, fishing,  camping, hiking, paddling, and other outdoor recreation activities  contribute to a total of $778 billion annually to the economy and  support 5.2 million American jobs.   This sector accounts for 2.2 percent of the U.S. gross domestic  product. Each year our Federal public lands contribute nearly $60  billion to the American economy and support more than 400,000 jobs. Now  is the time to invest in our recreation infrastructure. Now is the time  to invest in this job opportunity.   You know, prior to the pandemic, we were living in the midst of one  of the greatest economies the world has ever seen. Unemployment was at  record lows, wages were growing, and people were spending their hard- earned dollars in our communities supporting local economies, fishing,  hiking, enjoying the great outdoors after spending 3 months in the  great indoors. Our mountain towns and gateway communities were hit hard  by COVID-19. That first wave decimated economies in our Western Slope  of Colorado. The ski season ended early. Restaurants closed and hotels  emptied. The jobs that are created and sustained by this bill, as we  recover from the pandemic, will be a vital component of our overall  economic recovery as Americans get back to work and back to playing  after they have worked so hard--working hard and playing hard--two  great American values.   As we have this vote tonight on cloture, I hope my colleagues will  support this motion to support our public lands and the communities  that sustain them by supporting the Great American Outdoors Act.   I will leave it with this. Enos Mills, one of the fathers of Rocky  Mountain National Park, once said this about our public lands:   The trail compels you to know yourself and to be yourself, and puts  you in harmony with the universe. It makes you glad to be living. It  gives health, hope, and courage, and it extends that touch of nature  which tends to make you kind.   I can think of no better piece of legislation on our public lands  than to work our way to find a little bit more kindness, a little bit  more hope, a little bit more strength, and a great deal of opportunity   I yield the floor.   