 Mr. President, I rise today on behalf of the first  responders in our country. Every day, brave women and men on the  frontlines of the COVID-19 pandemic rely on T-Band, a spectrum that  makes it possible for them to communicate with each other.   T-Band is the radio frequency that is set aside for these public  safety officials so that they can talk to each other to keep all of us  safe, all of us healthy. In 11 metropolitan areas, the T-Band system  enables our courageous public safety personnel to work quickly and  effectively during life-and-death situations.   T-Band allows emergency medical service teams to relay important  information about patients' conditions. T-Band permits 9-1-1  dispatchers to send first responders to emergency scenes. Firefighters  use T-Band to quickly coordinate strategy.   After the Boston bombing, after the marathon bombing, first  responders used T-Band to communicate with each other during the  ensuing manhunt.   This resource is nothing short of a lifesaver. T-Band really stands  for ``trusted band.'' It is the resource public safety can rely upon.   Unfortunately, the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of  2012 required the Federal Communications Commission to begin to auction  off the T-Band, the trusted band, by February of 2021, but it would  cost between $5 billion and $6 billion for first responders--police and  fire--to relocate from the T-Band. That is much more money than an  auction of that spectrum would ever generate.   Plus, for many first responders, there is simply no alternative to  the T-Band; this is their only option. That is why this body must pass  the Don't Break  [[Page S6017]]  Up the T-Band Act, which repeals the requirement that public safety  stop using this spectrum.   The heroes who jump into action when we need them shouldn't have to  scramble to figure out how they will communicate with each other. They  shouldn't be left in limbo.   My legislation has support from an inspiring coalition of advocates  and public safety groups. The International Association of Fire Chiefs,  the International Association of Chiefs of Police, the National  Sheriffs' Association, the National League of Cities, the United States  Conference of Mayors, the National Association of Counties, the  Association of Public-Safety Communications Officials, the National  Public Safety Telecommunications Council, and many others are demanding  that we preserve the T-Band.   These groups and the people they represent are not asking for a  favor; they are just asking to be allowed to do their jobs effectively.   I thank Leader Schumer for his partnership on this issue and his  longstanding commitment to the public safety community. I also want to  thank Ranking Member Cantwell and Ranking Member Schatz for their work  and dedication to this effort.   But don't just take our word for it. Listen to what the current  Republican chairman of the Federal Communications Commission recently  said about T-Band. Earlier this year, Chairman Ajit Pai stated: ``An  FCC auction of the T-Band is a bad idea.''   This is not a partisan issue. It is a public safety imperative. There  is no cost associated with stopping the T-Band auction, and Congress  must ensure that the people who step up to keep us safe are taken care  of.   If we fail to act, the FCC will have no choice but to move forward  and strip this resource from our first responders. To allow that to  happen during a public health crisis like the one we face today would  be reckless.   First responders already face enormous strain economically and  enormous pressure to address the pandemic, as well as deadly natural  disasters across the country. The last thing we should be doing is  saddling them with millions or billions of dollars in costs to  needlessly alter their critical communications system.   Congress can no longer drag its feet. We have run out of time. The  FCC has called on this body to stop the T-Band auction, but the  Commission has no choice but to start laying the groundwork to auction  the T-Band. We can and we must resolve this problem today. Today is the  day to do it.   Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be  discharged from further consideration of H.R. 451 and that the Senate  proceed to its immediate consideration. I further ask that the bill be  read a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    Mr. President, I just think that we are missing an  enormous opportunity here. It is a shame the Senate is not acting with  the urgency it needs in order to help our brave men and women who are  first responders in our country.   We can work on issues of spectrum going to the private sector. We can  do that in a separate bill, and we can do it together. But, here, we  have an opportunity to help our first responders, the brave men and  women who every day risk their lives, and we have to make sure they  have the spectrum they need to communicate.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   