 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague, the gentleman from Florida (Mr.  Deutch), for yielding the time to our side. I want to thank the  chairman for his service to the House. I have appreciated working with  him in Congress and look forward to our continued service in the next  few months.   The Ethics Committee is the only evenly divided committee in the  House. We are a consensus-based committee. Through the hard work of  many Members and professional staff of the Ethics Committee, we have  brought forward this report today by unanimous vote in the committee  regarding our fellow House Member, Representative   David Schweikert of  Arizona.   The Ethics Committee has been entrusted to fulfill the constitutional  obligation and responsibility for admonishing Members and staff when  appropriate. This is not a duty that we take lightly--far from it--but  it is essential in maintaining the public's trust of our Chamber.   I want to thank the four Members who served on the investigative  subcommittee. This was no easy burden on the investigative  subcommittee, led by Congressman Dean Phillips and Mr. Bill Flores as  the chairman and ranking member of the panel. They were joined by  Congressman Jamie Raskin and Congressman   John Katko.   Collectively, the investigative subcommittee met 22 times during this  116th Congress and four times in the previous Congress. They reviewed  over 200,000 pages of evidence and materials and conducted 18 witness  interviews.   The members took their charge with great care and diligence to ensure  a thorough and fair process, and I thank them for that. They worked  through some very complex material and have produced today's report. I  join the chairman in thanking them for their service.   I encourage all Members and staff to read the report, as it contains  significant guidance on proper use of the Members' Representational  Allowance, also known as the MRA; the reporting of campaign funds; the  proper use of official resources; and financial disclosure.   The gentleman from Arizona and his legal counsel have participated in  this lengthy process with both the investigative subcommittee and the  full Ethics Committee. It now rests with the House to accept this  report and its recommendations, and I support its swift and favorable  passage this morning.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  New York (Mr. Katko).    Madam Speaker, the ranking member urges the House to  vote ``aye'' on this matter, and I yield back the balance of my time.   