 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I come to the floor today to mark  another major milestone for the landmark U.S.-Mexico-Canada Trade  Agreement. This morning, Madam President, with you in the committee in  voting, the Environment and Public Works Committee overwhelmingly  passed the USMCA. With the approval of our committee, the USMCA is now  one step closer to final passage in the Senate.   We all know that it isn't perfect, but, still, it is an important  deal that benefits all Americans. Passing this deal provides much  needed certainty for America's manufacturers. Our ranchers and our  farmers--certainly, in Wyoming but across the breadbasket of the  country and the Rocky Mountain West--are counting on it as well.   Americans have waited patiently now for over a year. Speaker Pelosi  was the roadblock and held this hostage for an extended period of time.  She finally allowed the House to vote on it. Now the Senate is working  to move this critical piece of legislation forward and to the  President.   Passing USMCA will start the next chapter in the American economic  success story. The deal is going to increase our gross domestic product  by $70 billion. Above all, it is a win for American workers. It is  going to create 180,000 U.S. jobs, and you know that is just the  start. Already, our strong, healthy, and growing economy has been  setting records across the board. It is thanks to Republican pro-growth  policies. That is what we look to and point to when we take a look at  the record job growth we have had since President Trump has taken  office.    In just 3 years, we have created over 7 million new jobs in America.  The unemployment rate is at a 50-year low. It is astonishing. Wage  growth is the fastest it has been in a decade, especially benefiting  lower income workers. Everyone is better off with this growing economy.  There is still some untapped potential, and we need to unlock it now.   My home State of Wyoming is poised to reap huge benefits not only  from USMCA; our State has much to gain from new trade agreements with  China and with Japan as well. The China trade agreement is scheduled to  be signed tomorrow and Japan on January 1. Together, these America- first trade deals mean expanded access to export markets. Wyoming  farmers and ranchers are very eager to seize these opportunities for  future growth.   I would just say, as I conclude, that here is the bottom line.  Passing USMCA means more jobs, and it means economic growth. It means  more certainty and more stability for our job creators. It means more  opportunity and more prosperity for America's working families. That is  the real measure of this. It is time now for the Senate to pass the  USMCA.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that I be  allowed to engage in a colloquy with my friend and colleague, the  Senator from Wyoming, Mr. Enzi.    Madam President, we have here a picture of Jerry  Brown--Jeralyn Joy Brown--age 89, who passed away peacefully on  Wednesday, January 8, 2020, at the Hot Springs County Memorial Hospital  in Thermopolis, WY. She was surrounded by her loving family.   For many years, Jerry was a dominant force in Wyoming. For the last  12 years, she was the single most influential voice with the Wyoming  Senate delegation. She is my wife Bobbi's mom. Yet Senator Enzi knew  her long before I did.   Senator Enzi.    I thank Senator Enzi.   She was born May 29, 1930, in Casper, WY--the youngest of eight  children--to the Dodge family. As Senator Enzi talked about building  the dam in the Thermopolis area, the family lived in Alcova during the  construction of the dams and the reservoirs in that area before moving  to Thermopolis, where the family owned and ran the Wigwam Bakery. They  had the best bread, doughnuts, and anything you could ever imagine.   She worked a number of places--certainly at the family bakery, but  also she worked at the First National Bank. Jerry always volunteered to  take the mail from the bank to the post office because she had caught  the eye of a young postal employee, Bob Brown. The two were married on  September 18 in 1949, and as the Senator knows, they recently  celebrated their 70th wedding anniversary.   As newlyweds, Bob was sent to Korea. He had been in World War II. He  was sent with a whole group from the basin area of Wyoming, as part of  the National Guard, to Korea. They first went to Fort Lewis, WA, and  Jerry followed. To pay her way, she had to pick filbert nuts. She was  telling me at Christmas the size of the bag that they had to fill with  these filbert nuts before they got any pay. Well, it was a full day's  work, so the lessons she taught Mr. Enzi about hard work, she knew it  personally.   She was a hard worker. She worked at the bakery. She also worked for  Dr. Nels Vicklund, Vicklund Pharmacy, in Hot Springs County. She worked  for the Hot Springs County treasurer's office. Her really great joy was  when she owned and operated her own store in downtown Thermopolis  called Country Charm.   As the Senator knows, she was dedicated to her children, Bobbi and  Mike, and adored her granddaughter, Hadley. She taught them to work  hard, to be kind, and to always do their best.   She was a talented crafter, she enjoyed playing bridge, and she was a  collector. She collected Santa Clauses, she collected chickens and  pictures of chickens, and she collected rocks from around the world. No  matter where I went, I needed to bring back a rock for Jerry. She also,  as the gentleman knows, collected friends and memories. She had an  encyclopedic memory of Wyoming names, Wyoming places, and Wyoming  relationships--who was married to whom and whose cousin was who. She  rarely left anywhere without a hug and really loved being everyone's  favorite Aunt Jerry. She was also an avid reader--and an NBA fan, of  all things. She loved God, loved America, and loved our flag. She was a  longtime member of the Community Federated Church, the Order of the  Eastern Star, and, as we were talking about in the cloakroom, she was  State president of PEO.   Jerry Brown dedicated her life to her family, to her faith, and to  her friends. She was committed to her church and her community. She had  a well-deserved reputation for being a joiner, a goer, and a doer.   We will celebrate her life on Saturday, January 18, in Thermopolis at  the Community Federated Church, and we miss her dearly. May she rest in  peace.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   