 Madam Speaker, I appreciate my friend from Washington,  who is a great Member of Congress and who knows exactly some of the  damage that the Endangered Species Act has done. We certainly have  experienced that in Texas.   We did, in the House, modernize the Endangered Species Act in my  first term, 2005 and 2006, and it was quite an education to me because  I thought the Endangered Species Act was all about trying to save  endangered species. But I got an education. I found out that was not  what the Endangered Species Act was about because if it was just about  saving endangered species, we would have saved a lot more than 1, 2,  and 3 percent of the endangered species.   One of the things that we did in that bill that I thought was common  sense because I know there are landowners--I hear about these  situations--and that is what they rely on to feed their families. There  is a doctrine that is not an official doctrine known as shoot, shovel,  and shut up. Somebody sees an endangered species, and they are scared  if somebody sees it, then the use of their land will be taken away, and  they will no longer be able to provide for their family.   Even though I believe that it is a taking anticipated under the Bill  of Rights, which requires remuneration, that is not what the courts  have found. But in that modernized bill back in my first term, we said:  Look, if you are going to tell a landowner he can't use his land, or  she can't use her land, then you ought to pay them because you have  taken away the use.   I was shocked to find that there were people on the other side of the  aisle who said: No, no, no. We don't want that in there.   But that will save species; people will be more willing to volunteer  that they found an endangered species.   The answer was: Well, they shouldn't even have that land anyway.   I appreciate the efforts of the gentleman from Washington. Hopefully,  we can work together because we do indeed care about endangered  species, and modernization will allow us to save a whole lot more than  1, 2, or 3 percent.   