 Madam President, I just listened to the Republican  leader, and there was a glaring omission in his speech. He did not  mention what the rally yesterday, my speech, or the case before the  Court was about--a woman's constitutional right to choose.   To the women of America: What we are talking about here, what I am  fighting for here is your right to choose--an issue, of course, Leader  McConnell completely ignored in his speech. I feel so passionately  about this issue, and I feel so deeply the anger of women all across  America about Senate Republicans and the courts working hand in glove  to take down Roe v. Wade.   I just read about a woman in Shreveport who, under the Louisiana law  now before the Supreme Court, would have to travel over 300 miles to  exercise her constitutional freedoms. And this is happening in States  across the country.   Republican State legislatures are restricting a woman's right to  choose so severely as to make it nonexistent, and the courts are now  likely to go along because Senate Republicans have confirmed nominees  they believe will strip away women's rights and fundamentally change  this country, going so far as to deny a duly elected President the  right to pick a Supreme Court Justice.   Republicans here in the Senate are afraid to confront this issue  directly. So they try to accomplish through the courts what they would  never accomplish in the court of public opinion, and they leave women  out in the cold.   So, yes, I am angry. The women of America are angry. And, yes, we  will continue to fight for a woman's right to choose. I will continue  to fight for the women of America.   Now, I should not have used the words I used yesterday. They didn't  come out the way I intended to. My point was that there would be  political consequences--political consequences--for President Trump and  Senate Republicans if the Supreme Court, with the newly confirmed  Justices, stripped away a woman's right to choose. Of course, I didn't  intend to suggest anything other than political and public opinion  consequences for the Supreme Court, and it is a gross distortion to  imply otherwise.   I am from Brooklyn. We speak in strong language. I shouldn't have  used the words I did, but in no way was I making a threat. I never-- never--would do such a thing. Leader McConnell knows that, and  Republicans who are busy manufacturing outrage over these comments know  that too.   What will remain long after the clamor over my comments dies down is  the issue at hand: a woman's constitutional right to choose and  Republican attempts to invalidate it.   The fact that my Republican colleagues have worked systematically  over the course of decades to install the judicial infrastructure to  take down Roe v. Wade and do very real damage to the country and to the  American way of life--that is the issue that will remain, and we owe--I  owe--an obligation to the women of America to fight for their  constitutional rights.   I yield the floor.   