 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, today New Mexico and the Nation face a  pandemic, the likes of which we have not seen in over 100 years, and  today the Senate must act to pass the largest relief package for the  American people in our history.   First, I would like to extend my thoughts and prayers to everyone who  is personally affected by this coronavirus pandemic. I thank the  healthcare workers for working long hours and risking their own health  to save lives. They are performing a national service.   The numbers of infected individuals and the rapidly rising death toll  are staggering. If we do not follow public health experts' advice, the  tolls could be truly horrifying.   In New Mexico, we have over 100 diagnosed cases, and today the first  death in our State was reported. A senior citizen from Eddy County in  the southeastern part of our State passed away on Sunday.   All New Mexicans are facing new challenges--a threat to our health, a  threat to our economy. My top priority is easing this hardship and  making sure New Mexicans have what they need to stay healthy and to  stay economically afloat.   With that in mind, I rise today to tell New Mexicans: Relief is on  the way: relief to American workers who have been put out of work and  to small businesses that are making impossible decisions because of the  coronavirus pandemic; relief to our hospitals and frontline healthcare  workers facing an overwhelmed healthcare system in the coming weeks and  months; and relief to State and local governments that are doing their  best to take care of their residents and maintain essential services-- State and local governments are desperately in need of assistance only  the Federal Government can provide; and Tribal governments to whom we  owe trust and treaty obligations to provide healthcare, education, and  community assistance, particularly in times of need.   After days of furious negotiations, I am pleased and relieved that  Democrats and Republicans were able to reach agreement on what will be  the largest Federal relief effort in our history. The times demand a  response of this magnitude.   The stay-at-home orders--which, make no mistake, are necessary to  stop the virus--threaten the livelihoods of millions of working  families who live paycheck to paycheck.   Millions of small businesses are in dire need of help. They power our  economy but simply can't survive during the kind of economic downturn  we now face.   The Federal Government has the power to make sure that people can  take the public health measures that are necessary, while also staying  afloat financially.   We here in the Senate need to make absolutely sure that everyone--not  just those at the top--that everyone is taken care of and can weather  this crisis.   I am strongly supportive of the small business relief in this bill,  which includes loans of up to $10 million that can be forgiven and  turned into grants if employees are kept on the payroll. This relief  will go through the Small Business Administration and be available to  any business or nonprofit under 500 employees. With Democrats at the  negotiating table, we worked toward that goal. As a result, American  workers will receive 4 months more of unemployment insurance instead of  just 3.   Because so many Americans are now out of work, we need an expanded  unemployment insurance plan. This plan extends unemployment to the  self-employed for the first time. It increases the maximum benefit by  $600 per week. Many workers will receive their full pay under this  expansion.   Just to give an idea of the magnitude of this problem in my home  State of New Mexico, during the week of March 9, we had fewer than 800  claims for unemployment. This last week we had 11,000, and now we are  receiving 7,000 every day.   Also, because Democrats stood firm, our healthcare system will see an  infusion of $55 billion more into the Marshall Plan for healthcare. The  total public healthcare investment in this bill is now $150 billion  dollars. We will establish a $150 billion relief fund for State, local,  and Tribal governments to help cover costs of fighting this virus. New  Mexico is eligible for up to $1.25 billion from this fund.   And we will bring accountability and transparency to the relief for  industry and large corporations. This relief bill puts in transparency  and independent oversight and also makes sure that elected politicians,  including the President, are not the beneficiaries of this fund.   We face a national crisis of monumental proportions, and I am  heartened that Republicans and Democrats in this body joined together  over the last several days to face this crisis together as a nation.  This is what we do as Americans, and I have hoped that as we continue  to face down this crisis in the coming weeks and months, we will  continue to do so in a united fashion.   As vice chair of the Senate Indian Affairs Committee, I have been  particularly focused on making sure that Indian Country is not left out  and ensuring that Tribes, which are on the frontlines of this public  health and economic crisis, have the resources they need and deserve.   Together, with my Democratic colleagues, I fought for and secured an  $8 billion set-aside for Tribal governments and their enterprises. This  Tribal Relief Fund will provide the 574 federally recognized Indian  Tribes with flexible resources--resources they need during the COVID-19  response, and I am glad we found bipartisan agreement on this.   We also secured over $2 billion in emergency funding for Tribal  needs, and this includes over $1 billion for the Indian Health Service  that will be used for everything from expanding medical services to  purchasing equipment, to promoting public health education, to  expanding telehealth services, and increasing disease surveillance,  over $700 million that will go to the Bureau of Indian Affairs, the  Bureau of Indian  [[Page S2042]]  Education, and the HUD Office of Native American Programs. These funds  will assist Tribal governments as they make their way through this  crisis and support their members--support BIE schools and Tribal  colleges and universities so that students continue with their  education and provide housing for those most in need who are impacted  by this terrible virus.   These are key victories, but we are not done. We must uphold our  trust and treaty responsibilities to all American Indians and Alaska  Natives.   So Congress must do more to respond to the unique COVID-19-related  public health and economic crises in Indian Country. Tribes are some of  the most vulnerable populations with the least robust healthcare  systems. We have a very scary outbreak on the Navajo Nation, and I am  sure that we need to weigh in and help there.   For our next response package--and, believe me, we are going to have  to monitor this closely and in all likelihood will be back here again-- we must make sure Indian Country has equal access to Federal  coronavirus resources. Senator Heinrich and I fought hard for New  Mexico priorities. We are working hard on issues that have to do with  our National Labs, one of our very, very top employers--in fact,  probably the biggest.   New Mexico's creative economy can't be left behind. Sitting as the  lead Democrat on the Appropriations Subcommittee that funds the  national endowments, I pushed for an additional $75 million for both  the National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the  Humanities. These funds will support local artists and art programs  through this tough economic time. When arts and cultural venues are  shuttered and artists and all others are out of work, there is no doubt  that these are exceedingly difficult times, but together we can get  through this.   I would like to remind everyone to follow the public health measures  recommended by the experts. Staying at home is the best thing we can do  to slow the spread of this virus and ensure our healthcare systems are  not overrun. These measures are a firebreak that cuts off the fuel for  this virus and prevents a catastrophe that overruns our hospitals.  Social distance, washing your hands for 20 seconds--we all have an  important part to play in containing COVID-19, keeping ourselves and  our neighbors and our communities safe.   The State of New Mexico is under a stay-at-home order. I commend  Governor Lujan Grisham for the quick and decisive action that she has  taken. She is focusing on this like a laser beam. I know these measures  are difficult and a hardship for many, but we will only be able to  revive our economy once this public health crisis is abated. If we just  let the virus run its course, we could lose over 1 million people. Some  estimates are 2 million--1 to 2 million people. That would be totally  unacceptable and devastating.   Because of the frontline healthcare workers--the doctors, nurses, and  technicians and all those who support that work, hospital janitors,  cafeteria workers, and so many others--this public health crisis will  see an end. Thank you to everyone who is risking their own safety to  help others. Thanks to all the Senate staff who are here on the floor  and the people who work here.   In the days, weeks, and months ahead, we must continue to closely  monitor all aspects of the impact of coronavirus on our Nation's health  and economy and continue to decisively and aggressively respond to the  needs of the American people. I am confident that, in working together  as one Nation and one people, we will meet and beat this crisis and  come out on the other end stronger.   To conclude, we must pass this bill without delay. This is a good  compromise, and we must act now.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   