 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2.   For too long, western Marylanders have been left behind with little  to no high-speed internet access. Without broadband, Americans can't  access telework, telemedicine, tele-education.   It is time to take bold action. As Whip Clyburn said, just like we  put down electricity in every home across the country 100 years ago, it  is time we put broadband in every home across America today. This bill  does just that by investing $100 billion for broadband development.   I also want to mention the Appalachian Development Highway System.  Congresswoman Napolitano offered an amendment to strike a bipartisan  bill that the committee had adopted unanimously last week. She is my  friend, but we disagree.   This bipartisan commonsense bill will speed completion of the  Appalachian Development Highway System, which is critical to Maryland  and Appalachia. This program was first established under Lyndon  Johnson's administration. Five decades later it is still not done. I  ask my colleagues to oppose the Napolitano amendment and help us  develop a bipartisan solution to complete the system.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2, the Moving  Forward Act, and an amendment that I drafted to address the addiction  epidemic.   But first, I would like to thank and call out Chairman DeFazio and  the wonderful leadership that he has exhibited in thinking long term  about our children and about the next generation. That is seldom seen  here, and I really appreciate that. I also asked him to help us look at  redistributing the hundreds of millions of dollars that have been over- appropriated--over-appropriated, not spent--to States that need it in  the Appalachian Development Highway System.   Like COVID-19, every community in America has been hit by the opioid  crisis, and we cannot afford to slow down our efforts to combat it. My  amendment in this package would create a pilot program to help  communities better understand the emerging drug threats in real time by  implementing wastewater testing.   By understanding these threats, we can design public health  interventions that match a community and their specific problems.  [[Page H2960]]    Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this amendment.   