 Madam President, I appreciate the Senator breaking for a  moment to allow me to just a say few words. I might pose a question to  him, if he chooses to answer with the remaining part of his time.   I want to make sure that my remarks are counted toward my time, not  Senator Merkley's time.    Senator Merkley and I serve on the Foreign Relations  Committee together, and what we have watched together, over the course  of our time on that committee, is a reversal of what was called by some  scholars ``the end of history.'' There was this idea that democracy was  going to be triumphant in the world; that in the wake of the fall of  the Soviet Union and the Berlin Wall, democracy--participatory, open  democracies--and capitalist economies had, effectively, won the fight  and that it was just a matter of time before the rest the world was  living in a system like ours that respects the rule of law and allows  for those who want to protest their government to do so under the  protection of law. And much of our outreach to the Communist Party in  China during the 1980s and 1990s came under the presumption that even  China would eventually fall under the crushing weight of an advancing  democracy.   We now know that to not be true because we are at a moment in time in  which we hear on the Foreign Relations Committee uninterrupted  testimony of countries that we would have, even just a decade ago,  accepted and named as a democracy, starting to slide away from the rule  of law, away from the protection of speech into something else.   Now, you don't go from a democracy into an autocracy overnight. So  many of the countries we are concerned about are in that transition. We  hope that an active United States, playing a role for democracy  promotion in the world, can help pull them back. But it is a reminder-- it is a reminder--that democracy in many ways is a very unnatural  mechanism to control or run your life or society   I always remind my constituents back home that there aren't many  other things in life that are really important that you run by  democratic vote. You don't run your business by democratic vote. Your  kid's sports team doesn't run by democratic vote. I love my 8-year-old  and 11-year-old, but they don't get an equal vote in the decisions in  my household.   Democracy is fairly unnatural. We don't really choose it as a  mechanism to run other institutions in this country, but we reserve it  for government. We reserve it for government, but it only remains, it  only survives, it only perseveres if we tend to it, and we have not  been tending to it over the last 3 years.   I rise to support Senator Merkley and his effort because I have  watched what these other governments do at the outset--these would be  autocrats--what they do to try to gently begin to quell people's  interest in free speech. The tactics that are being used in Portland,  the tactics that were used just down the street, in the Nation's  Capital, the tactics that are being contemplated for other cities  throughout this country are reminiscent of tactics that have been  proven successful in other countries to try to push people back inside  their homes and to try to disincentivize their interests in speaking up  against power, because, I am going to tell you, as word spreads that if  you run out to the streets to protest your government, you may be  requisitioned and shoved into an unmarked vehicle, if you are a single  mom, who can't disappear for an hour, never mind a day, you aren't  going to be that interested in going out and speaking freely. All of a  sudden, if the government is starting to come down like a ton of bricks  with Federal troops, with sweeps of peaceful protesters off the streets  and into confinement, it does start to chill people's interest in  standing up. And that is why governments across the world have tried to  pioneer these practices.   They say they are still democracies. They say they still observe the  rule of law, but, then, when people try to go out and protest, they  throw the military at them. They start to snatch people off the  streets, and, all of a sudden, people start to think to themselves that  they are better off just staying in their homes. They are better off  not protesting their government because the consequences now feel too  significant.   I know, Senator Merkley, that a lot of folks claim that we are  engaged in a hyperbole when we talk about the risks to democracy  presented by this administration, but through our collective seats on  the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, we see what is happening around  the world. We see the ways in which, drip by drip, an open  participatory democracy can all of a sudden start to foreclose the  rights of people to be able to petition their government.   We should just remember that over the course of history, it is .001  percent of citizens who have lived in a democracy. This is not actually  how the world has chosen to organize itself. We now have these  templates. We now have these models provided to us by people like the  leader in Turkey or the new President in the Philippines by which we  should be cautioned in the ways in which we start to constrain speech,  the ways in which we start to punish speech, the ways in which we start  to make people believe that there is so much risk in speaking out  against their government that they are better off just accepting  whatever comes their way.  [[Page S4444]]    So I come to the floor today as someone who introduced legislation  requiring the identification of military forces when they are doing  crowd control. The minute that I saw those unmarked officers on the  streets of the Nation's Capital, I knew how dangerous it was. I know  enough about the history of our own country to know that vigilante  justice, masked from identification, is reminiscent of some of the  worst moments in American history. I know that we should be students of  our own history to understand the danger to democracy presented by  unidentified, unaccountable agents of justice, but I also know, as a  student of the world today, that there are plenty of examples overseas  that should caution us as well.   Maybe there isn't a question in there, Senator Merkley, but I am just  so appreciative of your efforts, so appreciative that you have allowed  me and the legislation that I have offered with Senator Schumer to  require identification of Federal security forces to be added to the  bill that you are offering. I will be with you every step of the way,  if we are not successful in getting it included in the legislation  pending today, to make sure it finds a way into law. I think your  legislation is a cornerstone of our strategy to protect democracy for  the next 240 years.    I would.    I would yield for a question, then.    Thank you for the question.   This is what led me to join with many of my other colleagues, as I  mentioned, including Senator Schumer, to introduce the legislation in  the wake of the protests in our Nation's Capital.   Accountability is also a cornerstone of the rule of law. The only way  that we can aggrieve abuses of power is to know who committed those  abuses of power.   Listen, these troops or these riot officers were ordered to be in  that space. Let's be honest that the vast majority of these patriotic  law enforcement officers are trying to do the right thing. But we know,  because we have seen the video, that there have been repeated-- repeated--abuses on the streets of Portland, on the streets of New York  City, and on the streets of the Nation's Capital. When those occur,  frankly, it should be in the interest of law enforcement leadership  themselves to be able to hold those individuals accountable so that we  can make sure that the blame is not ascribed to every single individual  who is uniformed and on these streets, but that we hold the specific  individuals, or the individuals who ordered them to take those actions,  accountable.   So as a broad question, Americans should want to know what agency  these individuals are representing, and they should at least have a  badge number attached to them so that we can make sure that individual  actions have a line of accountability. But I would argue that the  agency themselves should want that if they are really in the business  of making sure that any abuses of power by their officers or by their  soldiers or by their police are held to account as well.   