 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of House Amendments to  the Senate Amendment to H.R. 550, to repeal the 2002 Authorization for  Use of Military Force Against Iraq, and to prohibit the use of force in  or against Iran without Congressional authorization. I urge my  colleagues to join me in supporting these two bills which would begin  to reclaim Congress's Constitutional authority over the use of force.   First, the repeal of the 2002 AUMF is long overdue. Passed in the  lead up to the Iraq War, the objectives embodied in the authorization  are obsolete. Leaving it in effect only invites abuse by this or any  other administration, undermining Congress's Article I authority. This  18-year-old authorization should not remain as a blank check for the  United States to engage in military action in Iraq in perpetuity. By  passing this repeal, Congress will reclaim the important decision- making authority the Founders specifically afforded to the legislature,  and not the executive branch.   I also strongly support the No War Against Iran Act. The  Administration's reckless policies towards Iran have repeatedly brought  us near the brink of a war with Iran, one which would be contrary to  our interests, which the American people do not want, and which the  Congress has never authorized. This bill would make clear that the  President does not have the unilateral authority to drag us into war,  while leaving in place authorities needed to counter Iran's malicious  influence in the region.   Finally, while not the subject of the vote today, I hope that the  renewed Congressional interest in reclaiming our war powers authorities  will be followed by an effort to sunset the 2001 Authorization for Use  of Military Force against those who planned and conducted the 9/11  attacks. This authorization has been stretched beyond recognition to  authorize force against terrorist groups around the world, many of  which didn't exist in 2001. Should the Executive Branch need additional  authorities beyond those granted in Article II, they should come to  Congress and make the case for what those authorities should be so that  we can determine if a replacement authorization is needed. But the  Congressional inertia that has kept the 2001 AUMF in place has gone on  too long, and I hope that we will see renewed bipartisan energy to  replace it.   