 Madam President, on Saturday, I attended a rally for  justice sponsored by two young women--one, a high-schooler and one a  middle-schooler--in my hometown. The rally was one of numerous marches  and rallies that have occurred every day, sometimes multiple times a  day, in Richmond in the weeks after the horrific public murder of  George Floyd.   Hundreds of people gathered in the Maggie L. Walker Plaza, a plaza  named after a pioneering African-American woman, a business and civil  rights leader.   They gathered in the plaza to hear from our city's young people. Many  raised their hands when they were asked if they were graduates of this  class of 2020, a class whose senior year was upended in mid-March and  who face a future that, frankly, seems very, very frightening to many  of them.   I attended to listen. I used to be the mayor and Governor--now a  Senator--but I attended as a neighbor to listen. I wasn't on the  program, and I didn't ask to speak. I wanted to hear how our young  people view this moment in time and what they are asking of us.   What I heard in many different ways, from speeches and artistic  performances, was no more politics as usual; no more police killings of  people of color; no more empty promises of reform after each new  policing outrage; no more education system that downplays the reality  of injustice in this country since its birth; no more educational  content that also downplays the contributions of African Americans,  Indians, Latinos, and others to our Nation; no more veneration of the  Confederacy in Richmond, in Virginia, or anywhere else in the United  States.   This gathering, this rally, had a lot of police there. The police  were there trying to keep the crowd from spilling from the plaza onto  the busy Broad Street, where they would have been endangered by passing  vehicles. Some of the attendees of the rally advocated to defund the  police, but others disagreed. Some asserted ``all cops are bad,'' but  others disagreed. The rally was robust, it was raw, it was diverse, and  it was respectful. It was the epitome--the absolute epitome--of  peacefully assembling to petition government for redress of grievances  contemplated by the First Amendment.   Just as my young activists urged in many different ways to end  politics as usual, I desperately want to end apathy as usual. Apathy of  the citizenry is a chief guarantor of politics as usual. In the  tremendous energy demonstrated by these Richmonders and demonstrated on  the streets of communities all over this country, I am starting to be  hopeful about the end of apathy as usual. These young people, they want  action and results, and they deserve it. That is why I am proud to join  Senators Booker, Harris, and many others in supporting the Justice in  Policing Act of 2020.   We need to ban choke holds. We need to ban no-knock warrants. We need  to ban racial and religious profiling. We need to hold police officers  and police departments accountable for violent, reckless behavior. We  need to promote better training and professional accreditation of  police departments. Why do we demand that universities maintain  accreditation to receive Federal funds but make no such demand of law  enforcement agencies?   We need to do much more within the criminal justice system--but also  within all of our systems--to dismantle the structures of racism that  our Federal, State, and local governments carefully erected and  maintained over centuries.   We know a little bit about this in Virginia. The first African  Americans to the English Colonies came to Point Comfort, VA, in 1619.  They were slaves. They had been captured against their will, but they  landed in Colonies that didn't have slavery. There were no laws about  slavery in the Colonies at that time.   The United States didn't inherit slavery from anybody. We created it.  It got created by the Virginia General Assembly and the legislatures of  other States. It got created by the court systems in Colonial America  in the sense that it enforced fugitive slave laws.   We created it. We created it and maintained it over centuries. In my  lifetime, we have finally stopped some of those practices, but we have  never  [[Page S2988]]  gone back to undo it. Stopping racist practices at year 350 of 400  years but then taking no effort to dismantle them is not the same as  truly combating racism.   I am mindful of the challenge laid down by our young people: no more  politics as usual.   It is one thing to introduce a bill. We do that all the time here. So  often the introduction of the bill is all that occurs--no committee  hearing, no committee markup, no committee vote, no floor debate, no  floor vote, no signature by a President--merely words on a page and a  1-day story and then, possibly, a blame game about who was at fault for  nothing happening.   That has been my biggest disappointment in 7\1/2\ years in the  Senate. Unlike my service at the State and local levels, where we took  action and then engaged in healthy competition about who should get  credit, in Congress, it is too often a story of inaction and then an  unproductive competition over who should be blamed for nothing getting  done: politics as usual.   I pray that the engaged activism of our citizens has brought us to a  new moment that will compel us to act in ways, large and small, in  accord with the equality ideal that we profess to believe.   This bill is a test of our resolve, and I urge my colleagues to meet  the moment so that we can look our young people in their faces and tell  them that we truly heard them.   I yield the floor.   