 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R.  4734, which will designate the United States Post Office at 171 South  Maple Street in Dana, Indiana, as the Ernest `Ernie' Taylor Pyle Post  Office.   I was proud to introduce this legislation with the support of the  entire Indiana delegation to honor the life and achievements of a great  Hoosier.   Born in Dana, Indiana, on August 3, 1900, Ernie Pyle was one of the  most beloved and impactful war correspondents in World War II.  Beginning in 1942, Pyle began reporting from the front lines in battles  ranging from Anzio in Italy, to the beaches of Normandy on D-Day, to  Okinawa in the Pacific. It was here that he brought the experiences and  stories of the everyday soldier back home to America. His simple  storytelling style and first-person perspectives endeared him to  Americans back home and abroad alike.   While reporting from Italy, Pyle wrote in his column that our troops  in combat should receive additional compensation for risking their  lives as he was doing, eventually prompting Congress to pass a bill  nicknamed ``The Ernie Pyle Bill'' that provided combat infantry with an  additional $5 to $10 a month. This benefit would eventually lead to the  creation of combat pay as we know it today.   Near the end of the war on April 18, 1945, Pyle was reporting on the  U.S. Army's 305th Infantry Regiment on the island of Iejima when he was  killed by Japanese gunfire. Following his death, President Harry Truman  stated, ``No man in this war has so well told the story of the American  fighting man as American fighting men wanted it told.''   Ernie Pyle was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for journalism for his war  correspondence as well as the Medal for Merit and the Purple Heart  posthumously.   Today his legacy lives on through the work of dedicated nonprofit  organizations and in museums and libraries, such as the Ernie Pyle  Library in New Mexico that has been designated a national historic  landmark and the Ernie Pyle World War II Museum in his home town of  Dana, Indiana, in my congressional district.   I am grateful to this body for taking up this legislation to honor  the legacy of a great Hoosier and an American hero. I urge a ``yes''  vote on this bill.    Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to be here on the floor of  the U.S. House of Representatives tonight with my fellow Doc Caucus  members. I want to thank Dr. Roe for putting this Special Order  together. It is really important that the American people hear from the  medical professionals in the Congress about this really critical issue.   I remember back in medical school, one of my first rotations, I was  on pediatrics. I understood vaccines to a certain extent, but then one  of my first patients I had had whooping cough because they hadn't been  vaccinated. So that is when I started to understand what it actually  means to have safe and effective vaccines, not only for children but  also for other diseases.   In this situation, what we need to do, as the American people, is we  need to work to restore our way of life in America and around the  world.   And how are we going to do that as it relates to COVID-19? Well, we  are going to have to have a safe and effective vaccine.   And what I have been impressed with really over the last few months,  up to about 6 months, is the unprecedented response from this  administration as it relates to developing a vaccine so that we can  restore our way of life in America and around the world.   And what have they done? Working along with Congress, of course there  has been financing to help finance research and development of the  vaccine, but also other things.   Operation Warp Speed has really put in an unprecedented streamlining  of the process. Let me just say this: not eliminating the process of  developing a vaccine, which would potentially make it problematic with  safety and efficacy and whether it works or not, but streamlining the  process, doing things together with private-sector companies, helping  design the research protocols after they have helped pick the best  candidates for an effective vaccine.   So, the Federal Government working in concert with the private sector  helping to pick the best candidates, not just people throwing out,  ``Hey, I have got a great candidate here,'' but looking at the science  of these developments, this research, helping to pick the best  candidates and then streamlining the process by helping to design the  further protocols, as Dr. Roe has mentioned, the phase one, two, and  three trials and working in concert. So the Federal Government doesn't  just sit back and say, like would normally happen: ``Well, do your  research. Go through the process. Show us that this works.''   See, the government, under this administration, is working in concert  at the same time, so that once we have this vaccine get to the point  where it has been developed, people at FDA already know what has been  happening with this vaccine. It is unprecedented, really.   I think Dr. Burgess just mentioned the manufacturing process, already  manufacturing the vaccines before they develop, so as soon as it gets  proven to be safe, number one, effective, number two, look, we are  going to have vaccines available. Again, that would not happen without  Operation Warp Speed.   Let me just say this in closing, and then I will turn it back to Dr.  Roe. These are career scientists at FDA, NIH, Health and Human  Services. These are people who have worked--many, for decades--on  vaccine development.   The narrative that politicians are driving this is just not true. The  reality is--and I think Dr. Collins, Francis Collins from the NIH,  testified in front of Congress last week or the week before--that  science is driving this. We want safe and effective vaccines.   Let me just say this. When there is a vaccine available and when the  healthcare providers, other people who are at high risk and everyone  has had their chance to be vaccinated, I will take this vaccine myself  because I have confidence that the process we are going through will  ensure safety and it will ensure efficacy. The vaccine will work.   Let's help restore our way of life.   