 Mr. President, I am so honored and proud to join my  colleague from Minnesota, who has been such a champion on this issue in  all kinds of constitutional weather. She has been a leader for all  seasons on this issue, tireless and steadfast in her advocacy. And my  colleagues who are here today with us are strong allies and partners,  and I am really proud and honored to join them today.   The name of this act is the Natural Disaster and Emergency Ballot  Act. We are in a disaster for our democracy if we do not act, if we  fail to take the initiative within days, literally, to protect the  ballot.   You know, sometimes I think about voters in other countries who  literally brave death to vote. In one or more countries their hands are  marked so that they can be identified as having voted, but also, they  could be identified by opponents of those rights and potentially  punished for voting.   Here in this country, there are no such obstacles in the way of  physical harm, until now. Now we face the threat of an epidemic which  can deter people from coming to the polls, but it has simply added to  an ongoing threat from suppression that has existed for years and years  and years in some parts of the country.   We need to do everything now to protect voters. It is a shared  responsibility--Federal and State. In the Federal Government, we know  that this right is in peril. Look at what has happened in Wisconsin and  in Georgia: the lines, the closed ballot places, the other kinds of  confusion and deterrence that have been created.   In Kentucky's recent primary, fewer than 200 polling places were open  instead of the 3,700 usually there in a typical election year. That is  unacceptable. But that State is hardly alone, and we will see that  pattern repeated unless we act soon.   In the last decade, 25 States--literally, 25 States--have enacted new  voting restrictions, including strict photo ID requirements, cutting  back on the availability of early voting, and registration  restrictions. These constraints should be of paramount concern.   The Supreme Court has gutted the Voting Rights Act, allowing States  with long histories of voting discrimination to make it harder for  voters of color to cast ballots. Coronavirus has added an additional  layer of voter suppression, which will further result in mass  disenfranchisement.   A secure and resilient electoral process is critical to our national  interest. It should be a matter of pride to all of us, and we should  all be ashamed and embarrassed that a free, fair, safe, secure, and  accessible process may be made impossible either by health threats or  suppression threats.   States should allow no-excuse, mail-in, absentee voting, expand  voting periods, and improve the safety of in-person voting. The money  that is necessary to assure free, fair, accessible balloting--that $3.6  billion--ought to be a matter of bipartisan acceptance   Connecticut is known as the Constitution State, but Connecticut has  work to do, and its State legislature will, in fact, do that work-- hopefully, this month, in July--by expanding mail-in balloting. Those  kinds of changes in State law may be necessary across the country, but  here we can make it possible, on our watch, to assure that obstacles to  fair and full voting are removed.   We simply can't continue to be unprepared. The fight for voting  rights remains more critical than ever before. It is a matter of  integrity and credibility for our democracy. As we look around the  world, we should be leading by example, not by suppression and  obstacle.   We need solutions now to protect Americans' health, but the health of  our democracy depends on this measure.   I am proud to join my colleagues. I urge that we have bipartisan  support for it and that it be expanded.   I yield the floor to my colleague from Delaware, who has been, also,  a great advocate in this cause.    Mr. President, I am honored to follow my colleagues  Senators Shaheen and Hassan from New Hampshire and Senator Whitehouse  of my neighboring State of Rhode Island--great advocates and steadfast  champions of our elderly, our nursing home and assisted living  facilities, and, most important, my wonderful friend and colleague,  Senator Casey of Pennsylvania, who has been such a tremendous champion  as the ranking member on the Aging Committee, where I am also  privileged to serve.   I have been reading about the 1918, 1919 pandemic which killed  Americans and people all around the world with such terror and such  relentless cruelty, and it hit particularly hard young people in the  prime of their life, in their twenties and early thirties, most  especially members of the military who were bunked together and  confined on bases or on troop ships on their way to the war. Almost as  many American troops died of disease during World War I as they did of  wounds they suffered in combat.   Today's pandemic is different. It has hit particularly hard our  elderly, and they too have been struck with vicious cruelty because, in  many instances, they are confined to facilities or living spaces where  they are together, and the disease is transmitted so efficiently.   Today, we have less excuse than the public officials a century ago.  They had no idea what this organism looked like, how it lived, what it  did, or how it was transmitted. We know. We have pictures of it. They  are on the news every night, and we know that transmission is  accelerated and exacerbated when people live together in close  confinement without the kind of staff and protective gear and treatment  and therapeutics and preventive measures that, hopefully, we will  develop through research that is ongoing right now.   They had no cure, and they had no prevention back then. We are  working to develop it now, but we know, in the meantime, steps can be  taken to protect our elderly, especially our elderly who live in  nursing homes and assisted living facilities.   We have no excuse, none, for the death rates we have seen in those  facilities. In fact, at the height of this pandemic in Connecticut, 70  percent--literally, 7 in 10--deaths were among people in nursing homes  and other senior care facilities. That percentage was among the highest  in the country. It wasn't the 80 percent of New Hampshire, but 70-plus  percent was among the highest.   This death rate nationally is a national scandal and disgrace because  we knew enough, and we certainly now know enough to prevent these kinds  of deaths.   Now, the numbers of COVID cases and deaths have slowed down in  Connecticut as a result of social distancing and mandatory mask  wearing, but the pain is still felt in nursing homes. Just last week,  another 20 nursing home residents died, and in that same week, 64  nursing home staff contracted COVID-19.   In fact, although we talk about the residents of nursing homes, the  staff--the doctors, the nurses, the clinicians, the caregivers, the  maintenance workers--were also among the most heavily impacted. Working  in a nursing home is not a picnic. Working in a nursing  [[Page S4021]]  home is tough physically and emotionally, and it was made all the more  so by this pandemic.   That is why I am supporting, avidly, the Heroes Fund, part of the  Heroes Act, which would provide hazardous duty pay to those frontline  workers who have been on the job reporting for duty despite the risk  and the extraordinary emotional and physical toll it has taken on them  and their families.   That hazardous duty pay is a reward. It is a recognition for what  they have done in service to not only their patients and clients but  also to society in Connecticut as a whole. They deserve it, and we need  to provide it to retain them and to recruit others, the same as we do  for police and fire and first responders--others who work in grocery  stores, supermarkets, delivering, postal workers--the unsung heroes of  this pandemic.   None has been more courageous and perhaps less appreciated in the way  they deserve than those strong and courageous workers in nursing homes  in Connecticut and elsewhere. I know, from having talked to them--many  of them in Zoom calls, personally, in meetings, on the telephone--they  grieved for those losses. They genuinely felt the pain and suffering  that they saw. The losses the families suffered were their losses, too,  and when their facilities endured a higher than expected rate of  fatality, they grieved along with brothers and sisters, sons and  daughters, friends, family, and others. They experienced the kind of  physical isolation and sometimes emotional isolation that those  patients endured when they were separated from their loved ones, cut  off from human contact.    So we need to focus--we have an obligation to do so--on our nursing  homes because of the fatalities and the other suffering that is endured  there. We need to learn from some of the best practices that were  finally put into place in Connecticut, such as expert strike teams that  focused on testing, the larger numbers of personal protective  equipment--masks, gowns, other kinds of equipment necessary to protect  the staff as well as the residents--and sometimes cohorting, which has  worked in some circumstances, so that the infected are separated from  others.   I am proud to support Senator Casey in fighting for the Nursing Home  COVID-19 Protection and Prevention Act, which would provide $20 billion  in emergency funding specifically targeted toward protecting nursing  home residents as well as individuals in intermediate-care facilities  and others in psychiatric hospitals.   This legislation is not a luxury or convenience; it is a necessity.  If you care about those extraordinarily vulnerable individuals who  cannot care for themselves--that is why they are in these facilities-- then we must pass this legislation. If we have any measure of self- respect as well as regard for those brave individuals who work there  and the loved individuals who live there, we must take this step.   I have also introduced legislation with Senator Booker--the Quality  Care for Nursing Home Residents and Workers During COVID-19 Act--that  would immediately address the egregious number of nursing home deaths  happening in Connecticut and throughout the country by implementing  much needed reforms. These reforms and practices are part of the work  that must be done, especially for the families of the over 2,500  nursing home residents who lost their lives.   I am pleased that Connecticut has committed itself to a full probe of  how COVID-19 impacted nursing homes, how it killed, but Connecticut  should not need to go it alone. No State should need to go it alone.  This kind of measure puts the full weight of the Federal Government in  funding and best practices and reforms behind States like Connecticut  that want to do better and feel we must do better. We all bear that  responsibility. It is common to all of us. It is on us, and these two  measures are a way to fulfill that responsibility.   We should not leave the Capitol for a 2-week recess while nursing  home residents remain vulnerable. We should not abdicate our  responsibility while those residents in the care of assisted living  facilities remain susceptible, and they are continuing to be  susceptible. We need greater preparedness in every way, most especially  where we know the most vulnerable are right now, and that is our  nursing homes and assisted living facilities.   As this administration continues to attack the Affordable Care Act in  the Supreme Court of the United States and elsewhere in abhorrent  defiance of the need for more healthcare, not less, in the midst of a  pandemic, we can send a message to the country that we will stand  strong for better healthcare. We will protect senior citizens in  nursing homes.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   