 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Virginia (Mr.  Connolly), my friend, for yielding me the time.   I rise today in support of the COVID PREPARE Act, H.R. 7496.   As I stand here, our Nation stands at more than 7 million Americans  confirmed infected with the SARS-Cov-2 virus and more than 206,000  American lives lost to COVID-19.   The scale and scope of this pandemic is unprecedented in American  history, causing dual national crises: one of public health, the other  of economic calamity.   Over the past 6 months, the pandemic has affected all of us, putting  our loved ones at risk, overwhelming our healthcare systems, keeping  our kids out of school, devastating our businesses, and pushing State  and local governments to the brink.   Most experts agree that things are likely to get worse before they  get better. According to Reuters, for the week ending September 27,  total new cases are up 10 percent from the prior week. Daily new cases  are again rising, with The New York Times reporting a 23 percent  increase in average daily cases over 2 weeks ago. And The Times shows  that more than half of U.S. States already have high rates of  infection--at least 15 cases per 100,000 population--or are  concerningly facing rising rates of infection.   So many people are suffering and looking to their government for  relief. They needed help as they navigated the daunting challenges of  spring and summer, and they want confidence that the Federal  Government, our entire government, has a plan as we head into the fall  and winter.   Every day I hear from constituents in my community, Illinois' 10th  Congressional District, about how they are struggling to cope. I hear  from parents juggling full-time jobs while schooling their children;  from small business owners scraping to pay their bills and worried they  may have to shut their doors forever; from healthcare workers forced to  use and reuse their PPE, the personal protective equipment that keeps  them safe--for up to an entire week because of ongoing shortages of  supplies; from city mayors and village presidents forced into cutting  essential services and laying off critical workers; from individuals of  all ages and in all stages of life concerned about their future and the  future of our country.   With the timeline for rolling out a safe and effective vaccine still  unknown, it is imperative that the government develop and implement  comprehensive strategies for beating back this virus and mitigating its  effect on our healthcare system, on our economy, and our lives and our  livelihoods.   This is not about politics. Congress and the administration must work  together to provide immediate relief to those suffering now and get us  on a path to full recovery as soon as possible.   We can't get there by ignoring our challenges or by wishing them  away. We can only get to the other side of these crises with clear-eyed  assessment and realistic, fact-based, science-driven solutions.   These are the ideas that lie behind the COVID PREPARE Act. This is  bipartisan, commonsense legislation, crafted with my friend   John  Katko, to assure the American people that their Federal Government is  fully prepared to address this ever-changing public health crisis and  economic crisis.   This legislation would require Federal agencies to submit to Congress  their plans for addressing surges of COVID-19, anticipating a potential  increase in infections and even greater demands on our healthcare  system and pressure on our economy.   Trying to anticipate the unforeseen is always a difficult task, but  any number of our ills--from shortages of PPE, to nationwide testing  strategies, to school reopening protocols--could be at least partially  cured by thoughtful planning and careful preparation.   The COVID PREPARE Act will provide bipartisan oversight and full  transparency in both the planning and execution of our national  response.   The goal of this legislation is not to tell our Federal agencies what  to do. Rather, this bill provides the American people transparency and  confidence that their government is putting their  [[Page H5077]]  needs and the needs of our Nation front and center; that the government  is anticipating what resources and responses will be required in the  immediate, middle, and long-term battle against COVID; and that we are  taking the necessary steps at the Federal level to maximize our  likelihood of national success.   In a time of such great uncertainty, any reassurances we can provide  our country should and will be a welcome salve.   I will say it again: ending the pandemic should not, should not be a  partisan issue. We need to move forward together, Democrats and  Republicans. My bill seeks to do just that, and to take an aggressive  approach to tackling this urgent public health crisis.   We can certainly hope for the best, but we must responsibly prepare  for the worst.   