 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Stopping  Trafficking, Illicit Flows, Laundering and Exploitation Act of 2020, or  the STIFLE Act of 2020, bipartisan legislation that I introduced with  my colleague, Representative Anthony Gonzalez, from Ohio.   Trafficking is a scourge on society, leaving millions of victims in  its wake. Recent reports show that the global business of transnational  crime is valued at between $1.6 to $2.2 trillion annually, resulting in  crime, violence, terrorism, corruption, and human suffering.   Illicit actors engaged in trafficking--whether in drugs, arms,  wildlife, organs, or humans--use dark markets to finance and hide their  horrific activities and their profits. We need to identify, disrupt,  and prosecute these financial networks to stop these abhorrent crimes.  And that is what the STIFLE Act does.   The STIFLE Act activates tools, partnerships, and guidance of a  number of Federal agencies to help financial institutions identify  techniques and patterns of transactions that may involve the proceeds  of trafficking.   The legislation requires a report to Congress with recommended  actions necessary to combat trafficking or money laundering of the  proceeds.   We must attack trafficking networks from all sides, using any  effective approach. Targeting the finances of these networks is a key  way that we can crack down on these illicit activities.   The STIFLE Act is just one component of the bipartisan Counter- Trafficking Initiative that the Financial Services Committee launched  earlier this year. The long-term committee effort is designed to  explore and expose the breadth and reach of international transnational  trafficking networks and their illicit finances.   I thank Chairwoman Waters and Ranking Member McHenry for focusing our  committee on this important work.   Mr. Speaker, we must do more to protect innocent victims of  trafficking and take down the trafficking networks that prey upon our  most vulnerable. This bipartisan bill is a step in that direction.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important  legislation.   