 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   I rise not only in opposition to this bill but to the entire process  of writing it.   We are in the middle of a pandemic, the likes of which we haven't  seen for over a century. If there was ever a time for Congress to set  aside partisanship and work together to create thoughtful legislation,  it is now. Yet, here we are, debating a $1.5 trillion Green New Deal  [[Page H2929]]  wish list instead of a smart infrastructure bill.   That is a problem because we need solid infrastructure to transport  goods and materials to stay economically competitive.   China has listed transportation R&D as one of the target areas to  surpass the U.S. We are letting them take the lead. That is what  happens when you draft legislation without consulting the minority or  even the committees of jurisdiction over a bill. The Science Committee  worked together to produce a bipartisan research title, but it was  never even considered as part of this legislation.   Furthermore, provisions relating to aviation R&D and space were  airdropped into the package without consulting us. This process has  shut out Members of both parties. It is no wonder this bill is flawed.   What is more, when combined with the last bill, Democrats have  proposed $4.5 trillion in partisan spending, yet they haven't addressed  one single area of the most important things that we need to do to  fight COVID-19 and fuel America's economic growth: investing in  scientific research.   I have introduced a bill to double spending on basic research and  keep us at the forefront of scientific development. I have also  cosponsored the bipartisan RISE Act to restart American research. Taken  together, these bills will turn the engine of American research back on  and fuel a long-term plan for our success.   That is the kind of legislation we should be considering today,  bipartisan bills that provide immediate relief and long-term strategy.   This is a missed opportunity and no way to run a railroad. Our  country needs smart policies, not empty performances right now.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote against this bill so we can  go back to the drawing board and do it right. Americans deserve no  less.   