 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendment, which  would make crystal clear that our men and women in uniform can continue  to use the areas affected by this bill to conduct the training that  they need to keep us safe.   The underlying bill would designate over a million acres of federally  owned land as new or potential wilderness, safeguarding these important  natural resources for Americans to enjoy for generations.   But these lands not only provide us with our outdoor recreation  opportunities; they also serve as an important training ground for our  Armed Forces as they prepare to defend our country overseas.   My bipartisan, commonsense amendment would ensure that our military  aviators can continue to fly training missions and traverse the more  than 1.3 million acres of wilderness designated by this act.   Now, this is critical because some areas affected by this bill are  currently used by servicemembers at the High-Altitude Army National  Guard Aviation Training Site, which is represented by my colleague,  Congressman Tipton, who joined me in offering this amendment.   This facility is the only place military helicopter pilots can learn  the advanced power management skills needed to safely operate thousands  of feet above sea level.   Given the mountainous regions our troops presently operate in  overseas, both in Iraq and Afghanistan, it is critically important that  these training operations continue uninterrupted.   Our public lands management agencies have a long history of working  with our military leaders. When it comes to protecting our public  lands, this amendment shows that conservation and national security can  go hand in hand.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting our  amendment, ensuring that our servicemembers can continue to utilize  America's diverse natural resources to prepare to fight and win in any  environment. I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, in closing, I want to thank my friend from  Colorado, Mr. Tipton, for joining me in offering this bipartisan  amendment. Mr. Chair, I also want to thank Chairman Grijalva and my  colleagues on the Natural Resources Committee for their work on this  important legislation.   I hope that my colleagues on both sides of the aisle will join me in  supporting this amendment, which will make clear that our military can  continue to utilize the airspace above these newly designated  wilderness areas.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   