 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, Republicans denounce all violent extremism. Why won't  the Democrats?   Weeks ago in the committee, the Attorney General of the United States  asked the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, asked the Democrats, why  won't you speak out against the mob? Why won't you speak out against  the violence that is taking place in our great cities all across the  country this past summer?   Guess what he got. Total, total silence.   We have a bill on domestic terrorism, but a bill that barely mentions  Antifa, one reference.   Mr. Speaker, do you know why the one reference is in there? Because  Republicans on the committee, through  [[Page H4588]]  Mr. Steube, offered an amendment in the committee.   Not mentioned in the bill are two things that have happened in the  last 30 days. The cold-blooded murder of a Trump supporter by an Antifa  member was not mentioned in the resolution and is not mentioned in the  bill. Not mentioned in the bill is the assassination attempt on two  police officers sitting in their patrol car just 2 weeks ago.   Let's condemn all violent extremism. Maybe they won't do that  because, as my good friend from North Dakota said, the chairman of the  House Judiciary Committee, the committee with that storied history of  defending the rule of law, maybe because that individual said that  Antifa is imaginary and that Antifa is a myth.   Ask Andy Ngo that, Mr. Speaker. Ask the journalist who was attacked  by Antifa a year ago. Ask the people in Portland, Oregon. For over 100  days, their city has been under siege. There has been a siege on the  Federal court building there by Antifa, but one reference only in their  legislation, and that is only there because Mr. Steube offered the  amendment in committee.   For over 100 days, this organization has been targeting the business  owners, the people, and the residents in Portland, Oregon, and in other  cities around our country. Democrats can call what has been happening  to our cities all summer peaceful protests, but calling rioting,  looting, and arson peaceful protests doesn't make it so.   Let's condemn all of it. We should speak out against all domestic  terrorism. We should denounce the violence--the rioting, the looting,  and the arson--that is taking place in our cities. We should not have  another political messaging bill, which is exactly what this is.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, a few minutes ago we had a bill on domestic terrorism,  Democrats wouldn't add language about the murder of a President Trump  supporter by a member of Antifa. On that same bill, Democrats wouldn't  add language about an assassination attempt on two police officers just  2 weeks ago, but now we have a bill to Federalize hairstyles.  Federalize hairstyles.   Democrats are doing nothing to address the violence and unrest in the  streets of our cities, attacks on law enforcement officers across the  country. Portland and other cities continue to surrender their streets  to violent left-wing agitators, placing their residences and businesses  at risk--residents and businesses and business owners across the  country from--you have got Asian Americans, African Americans, you got  all kinds--all Americans--can't deal with that, but we can Federalize  hair.   Racial discrimination is terrible, it is wrong, and it is already  illegal under the law, as the gentleman from North Dakota pointed out.  You go ask any American right now, September 2020: What should the  United States House of Representatives be focused on? Lots of important  issues we have got to deal with.    But a policy that I think is redundant, as the gentleman pointed out,  that is already covered under Federal law. We don't want any  discrimination and we should rightly deal with it when it raises its  ugly head. But this, come on. We can't add language to a domestic  terrorism bill about two terrible things that have happened in the last  month, but we are going to spend time on Federalizing a hairstyle.   Mr. Speaker, I think we should vote against this.   