 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise today to introduce this simple amendment  that addresses a complex and tragic problem.   The U.S. Federal Air Marshal Service, men and women tasked with  protecting the thousands of airline passengers and crew who fly across  the United States and globally every day, is in a state of crisis.   The public servants who are committed to our safety are subject to  high-stress work environments that have led to a drastic increase in  health issues, turnover in staff, and even a number of highly  disturbing murders and suicides. In a story published by ABC News last  year, Sonya Hightower LaBosco, the president of the Air Marshal  National Council, a union which represents thousands of air marshals,  said: ``The crisis is here--it's an epidemic.''   My amendment addresses that epidemic by requiring that the TSA  consult with the Federal Air Marshal Service and the bodies who  represent its members to address concerns that have led to this crisis.  It provides a path to finding solutions on mental health and suicide,  while improving morale, recruitment, and retention.   The cost of inaction is simply too high. We see the cost of inaction  in the story of Mario Vanetta. Mario was a New Jersey air marshal who  fatally shot his wife and himself in a murder-suicide last October.  Mario left behind three children, and his tragic story is one we cannot  ignore or forget.   When our neighbors answer the call to service, they deserve our full  support. Members of the Federal Air Marshal Service serve our country  every day under incredible stress and difficult conditions. We have  seen what those conditions do and the lives they impact. The time is  now to act, to honor their service, and to put an end to this epidemic  before it takes more American lives.   Mr. Chair, I hope you will join me in passing this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr.  Thompson).    Mr. Chair, I would like to remind my colleagues that this  bill isn't just a matter of national security; it is a matter of life  and death for the men and women we depend on to keep our airline  passengers and crews safe every day.   Mr. Chair, I urge everyone to join me in standing up for them and to  put an end to this crisis, and I yield back the balance of my time.  [[Page H1513]]        