 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Let us hope that demagoguery will not play too great a part in the  consideration of this piece of legislation. I just heard one of my  colleagues on the other side mischaracterize the position of my party  and of this resolution.   This resolution is the law. This resolution is consistent with not  only the law, the War Powers Act, but the Constitution of the United  States.   I thank Representative Slotkin for authoring this resolution, as well  as Chairman Smith, Chairman Engel, Representative Khanna,  Representative Lee, and others who have been working hard to ensure  that Congress maintains its role as a coequal branch of government when  it comes to matters of war and peace.   This President, as we have seen, has consistently treated the  legislative branch as inferior to the executive branch. Sadly, Mr.  Speaker, we have had numerous votes on this floor last year to stand up  for the coequal status of the Congress of the United States. Too often,  our Republican friends have sided with the executive department,  diminishing the authority and the position of the Congress of the  United States. This is not about this President, nor is it about  shrinking from confronting terrorism and terrorists.   Again and again, we have seen this President ignore Congress'  directives on appropriations, including by shifting money away from the  military to  [[Page H107]]  fund his costly and ineffective border wall. This President has refused  to disburse emergency funding for disaster relief that Congress  allocated to help the people of Puerto Rico and other places where  Americans are in need of help. This President withheld congressionally  appropriated funding to help Ukraine repel Russian terrorism.   After criticizing his predecessor for the use of executive orders,  President Trump has doubled down on using them to circumvent the will  of Congress and the American people.   This resolution is to say: Mr. President, obey the law, obey the  Constitution of the United States of America, which gives Congress the  sole authority to declare war.   If you read the language of the resolution, it continues to say that  we are for, certainly, defending any of our people at risk, period. The  War Powers Act provides for that. Article II of the Constitution  provides for that.   The President has ignored congressional subpoenas for documents and  testimony, directing subordinates to build a wall of obstruction unseen  in our history. It should, therefore, be no surprise that we  representatives of the 320-plus million people of America, who expect  us to be their voice in this critical issue of declaring war--and this  resolution does not prohibit in any way the President of the United  States, under his Article II powers, acting to defend our military, our  allies, and our homeland.   With the actions taken last week, the President is unilaterally  moving us toward involvement in another deadly and destabilizing war in  the Middle East.   I am glad, frankly, as we all are, that the response that came from  Iran was either ineffective or simply meant to be a message. I don't  know which.   Thankfully, however, the Congress has, under law and our  Constitution, a remedy to reassert our position as a coequal branch--as  a matter of fact, an Article I branch--and ensure, as the Founders  intended, that only the Congress, speaking on behalf of all the people,  could declare war.   Congress passed the War Powers Act in 1973 because they believed a  Democratic President, and it was a Democratic Congress that adopted the  War Powers Act, because they believed a Democratic President had  overstepped the bounds.   Congress passed the War Powers Act in 1973, determined to ensure that  no President can send our troops into war without the people's  representatives authorizing it. I suggest to my friends on both sides  of the aisle that is what the Founders intended.   We must use this tool of congressional power or, by our silence,  acquiesce to the growth of the imperial Presidency, which by the way,  has been going on for some 40 years, maybe even 50 years, irrespective  of who is President.   This is not a partisan resolution. This is a resolution consistent  with the Constitution of the United States of America, which did not  want a single person to be able to take America to war, to put our men  and women at risk.   Let us be absolutely clear: Qasem Soleimani was a dangerous purveyor  of terror and violence and a practice thereof. He was an architect of  Iranian efforts to dominate the Middle East through aggression and  fear. He has American blood on his hands, as well as the blood of our  allies.   He has met the justice he deserves. I say that notwithstanding the  fact I do not know from the information I have received whether or not,  in fact, it was absolutely essential to take his life now because of  imminent danger. Perhaps it was.   In any event, no one laments the loss of Soleimani's life, at least  in this country and by freedom-loving people throughout the world. We  are relieved that the Iranian counterstrike was limited and caused no  American or allied casualties.   Mr. Speaker, my constituents and the American people are deeply  concerned about what comes next with a possibility of further  retaliation and escalation from Iran or its proxies. There may be a  time when such action is called for, but it is this body that needs to  make that decision, the United States Senate and this body.   Iran is a dangerous enemy of freedom and a sponsor of terror. It  continues to harbor ambitions of dominance over its neighbors and to  call for the destruction of Israel. This Iranian regime is no friend  and must not be trusted.    Iran must never be allowed to acquire a nuclear weapon. I believe  this Congress would vote to ensure that that was prohibited. This  resolution makes those facts clear. We must have a sound, long-term  strategy to deal with Iran and bring it into compliance with  international laws and norms.   The threat of military force must continue to be a part of any  strategy, along with sanctions and diplomacy, and this resolution in no  way contravenes that premise.   The best way forward is for Congress and the administration to work  together. That is what our Founders had in mind. Proper congressional  oversight and involvement will help ensure, not undermine, that the  administration adopts and pursues the best possible strategy to check  and oppose Iran's malign ambitions.   Let us not demagogue one another. There can be differences. This  resolution is brought to this floor of the House to uphold the  Constitution of the United States of America and to again urge this  President, as we have urged Democratic Presidents, to ensure that they  follow the strictures of our Constitution on behalf of the safety of  our people and the respect we have throughout the world.   We are a nation of laws. This resolution is about the laws.    Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for his comments. Nobody  has fought harder than Mr. Pallone and Mr. Tonko to make sure that this  legislation moves forward. And, of course, we worked very hard with the  Senate to try to have these protections included in the Senate bill.  Unfortunately, we didn't get there.   Mr. Chairman, while I am glad that Congress was able to take small  steps to address the hazards of PFAS contamination through passage of  the 2020 defense authorization bill last month, that action alone was  not enough. That is why the House is taking further action this week.   These contaminants, known as forever chemicals, because they do not  break down and can remain in the human body for many years, have been  shown to raise one's risk of deadly cancers, reproductive and immune  system disorders, and other health problems.   For decades, we have known that PFAS contamination is a problem.   According to the EPA, millions of Americans are exposed to unsafe  levels of PFAS through their drinking water.   The Trump administration, under its own PFAS Action Plan, promised to  establish a drinking water standard by the end of last year. Let me  repeat that. The administration planned to have a standard by the end  of last year. Unfortunately, that has not been accomplished. It has  taken neither of the steps that it indicated it would, making this  legislation very necessary.   That is why the House is considering PFAS legislation this week  introduced by Congresswoman Dingell and Congressman Upton, a bipartisan  piece of legislation.   Mr. Chair, I want to congratulate Mrs. Dingell for her continuing  leadership on this issue. I also want to thank the others who have  worked on this legislation, including the gentleman from New Hampshire,  Chris Pappas.   The package of 12 bills was approved by the Energy and Commerce  Committee in a bipartisan vote in November. Its provisions will, among  others, establish a protective safe drinking water standard for PFAS  contamination based upon science; improved testing of existing PFAS  chemicals; limit the introduction of new ones; and provide for their  safe disposal.   Most importantly, it will begin the process of helping clean up PFAS- contaminated sites under the Superfund program.   Critically important, particularly the sponsors are fighting  contaminated sites in their own areas.   The Defense Department, which for years has used firefighting foam  containing PFAS chemicals, has failed to clean up sites across the  country that have contaminated the drinking water of countless  Americans.   Why is that?   Because the EPA has failed to list these chemicals under the  Superfund law, notwithstanding their toxic and adverse effects.   This legislation is a major action aimed at safeguarding public  health and protecting Americans' access to clean and safe drinking  water.   Mr. Chair, I want to thank Representative Dingell for her leadership  on this issue; her partner, Fred Upton, the former chairman of the  committee; Chairman Pallone and subcommittee Chairman Tonko of the  Energy and Commerce Committee, who have both done extraordinary work on  this legislation.   Mr. Chair, I also want to thank Chairman DeFazio of the  Transportation and Infrastructure Committee for his committee's efforts  to address this issue as well.   Mr. Chair, I commend the 50 members of the bipartisan House PFAS Task  Force--50 members, bipartisan--who have been working diligently on this  issue for years.   Mr. Chair, I also commend Representative Chris Pappas and Antonio  Delgado from New York, who have both focused very much on this issue  and believe this legislation is critical.   This legislation may be the first comprehensive PFAS bill brought to  the House floor, but I doubt it will be the last.   Mr. Chair, I urge all of my colleagues to join in voting for this  bill. I hope that the Senate will take it up without delay and send it  to the President's desk for approval with the strong bipartisan support  it deserves.   I might mention that I have had extensive conversations with a former  Member of this House, now the Senator from Delaware, Tom Carper, who  has been very focused on this. And the director of his committee, who  used to work for me, Mary Frances Repko, who is one of the most  knowledgeable people I know, she has talked to me about this  legislation.   Mr. Chair, I want to thank the committee, I want to thank the  sponsors who have worked so hard on this, and I am glad that we could  bring this to the floor at the first opportunity.   