 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I thank Congresswoman Ayanna Pressley and  Chairwoman Maxine Waters for their leadership on this legislation and  for advocating for consumers.   The credit reporting system in this country is not consumer focused  and is in need of a major overhaul.   Consumer complaints about their credit reports are one of the most  frequently reported issues submitted to the Consumer Financial  Protection Bureau. Over 40 million Americans have errors in their  credit reports. In fact, just last week one credit reporting company  announced it was changing the credit scoring model which could  arbitrarily reduce credit scores for millions of Americans without  allowing any public input whatsoever.   Having poor credit makes it harder and more expensive to borrow  money, buy a home, or own a car. It also negatively impacts a person's  ability to be approved for an apartment, get car insurance, and even to  get a job. The lack of transparency and accuracy in the credit  reporting system leaves borrowers at the mercy of credit reporting  agencies, which is holding American families back.   The Comprehensive CREDIT Act is a much-needed, comprehensive overhaul  of the credit reporting system. This bill would enhance consumer rights  and increase the accountability and transparency of consumer reporting  agencies.   Specifically, the bill would help rehabilitate credit for student  borrowers with private loans. Right now Americans are experiencing a  student loan debt crisis. Student loan debt is now at $1.3 trillion.  This is the largest source of debt in the U.S., even more than credit  card debt. This is delaying young people from making critical  investments in their own future like buying a house, starting a family,  or saving for their own children to go to college.   The Comprehensive CREDIT Act would combat this by requiring a credit  reporting agency to remove a delinquent or defaulted private education  loan on a borrower's consumer report if they have shown a good history  of loan repayment for 10 consecutive months after the delinquency or  default. If a borrower has demonstrated a good faith effort to resume  loan repayment after a delinquency or default, then they should not be  punished with a lowered credit score.   I also support the underlying legislation very strongly, and I have  introduced an amendment that I think would strengthen the bill even  further. My amendment would provide a 6-month grace period to preserve  the credit score of borrowers living and working in an area impacted by  a major disaster or emergency if there is an interruption in their 10  consecutive months of loan repayment.   In 2016 in my own hometown, the people of Flint experienced a  drinking water emergency. I know many of you have heard me discuss this  on many occasions. During that period people were not able to access  safe drinking water, families were saddled with unexpected medical  bills, parents and children poisoned by their water experienced adverse  health conditions, and homeowners and businesses were negatively  affected.   People whose livelihoods were damaged by this crisis or any other  natural disaster or emergency should not be penalized for failing to  pay back student loans until they get back on their feet. When  experiencing a crisis, borrowers should be provided flexibility to  repay their loans when they are able to without affecting their  underlying credit score. This relief would be provided to people living  and working in an area experiencing a major disaster or emergency.   My amendment and the underlying bill will help decrease the burden of  student loans on Americans and improve their credit scores, especially  those people living in areas impacted by emergencies or natural  disasters.   Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this  amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate my friend's expression. We  served together my first 6 years on the Financial Services Committee.  And if the event occurs that we need to pursue this relief in another  fashion, I would look to forward to working with him. But it is my hope  that we can act on this within this legislation.   I do disagree with his assessment of the underlying legislation, but  that is fine. That is the nature of this place, that we have  disagreements sometimes over issues like this.   In this case, where we do have a chance, as the gentleman described,  to deal with a specific set of circumstances affecting specific  individuals, we ought to take that opportunity and do something.   I didn't know when I was elected that the community that I represent  was going to face the crisis that it did, and nobody serving in this  body knows whether or not their community, in the next month or year or  10 years, will face a similar circumstance.   So let's take the opportunity we have, as small as it may be in terms  of the way the gentleman describes it. It is not small when it happens  to you, and it is not small when it happens to your community.   So I appreciate the gentleman's willingness to work with me in the  future on this. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this  amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.   