 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding.   I appreciate working with the chairman and with everyone involved in  this piece of legislation.   I rise today to voice my support for H.R. 5668, the MODERN Labeling  Act of 2020. This important bill will ensure that certain drug labels  are updated and accurate, which will result in better care for many  Americans who are suffering. This bill grants FDA the authority to work  with generic drug companies to update their product label when there  are strong, scientific bases for another indication or use of the drug.   Innovation in America is constantly evolving, and we must ensure drug  labels are updated and not frozen in time just because the brand-name  drug is off the market and preventing the generic drug from updating  its label.   I would like to thank Representative Matsui, Chairman Pallone, and  the majority and minority Energy and Commerce Committee staff who  worked with me to make this legislation possible.   I urge my colleagues to support this important bill.    Madam Speaker, I rise today to voice my support for H.R.  6624, the USA Telecommunications Act.   It is clear that China poses a significant threat to the security of  the United States. Technology produced by Chinese companies threatens  our supply chains and our telecommunications networks and those of our  allies.   In March, President Trump signed into law legislation that was  reported out of this committee to protect our communications networks  against threats from foreign companies like Huawei and ZTE.   It is clear that America must have a competitive 5G marketplace. The  solution isn't using government control like China, but using markets  to our advantage so domestic and trusted foreign competitors to Huawei  can thrive.   The USA Telecommunications Act would authorize up to $750 million for  a grant program administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce, in  consultation with the FCC and other Federal agencies, to promote and  accelerate the deployment and use of open-interfaced, standards-based,  and interoperable 5G networks throughout the United States.    Furthermore, 5G is going to be key to unlocking new opportunities for  all Americans. With more people working and studying from home than  ever before, promoting equipment and technology development like Open  RAN technology can help to diversify our supply chains and keep our  networks secure, especially as we expand 5G.   I was proud to introduce this piece of legislation with Chairman  Pallone, Ranking Member Walden, and Congresswoman Doris Matsui, and I  thank them for working with me to help protect our networks. I urge my  colleagues to support this bill.   