 Mr. Speaker, born from the people, the work of Congress  [[Page H2024]]  is an integral part of our Nation. Or is it? Judging from the  legislation that is before us right now, I am not so sure.   But tracing back to the Civil War, the Great Depression, World War  II, 9/11, and many others, the House's business has never ceased, even  in the toughest times in our country, and it should not cease today.    But instead of working safely, bringing back Members to the House,  Speaker Pelosi has decided to pursue proxy voting.   Senators are back at work. Our military is on point right now  defending our country in all corners of the world. Doctors, nurses,  grocery workers, truck drivers, delivery personnel, they are showing up  every day. They are not shirking from their duty. Shouldn't the House  lead by example?   New House procedures might very well be necessary, but any change to  the centuries-old rules that could fundamentally alter this institution  should never be done without bipartisan support. And we are not seeing  that.   This proposal runs counter to the Constitution, and it marginalizes,  in my strong opinion, Mr. Speaker, the lawmaking process.   We need transparency, accountability, not procedures that further  centralize the decision-making of our country into the hands of a  select few. We must get back to regular order, and this is not the path  back to regular order.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, let me say before I get to the contents of my remarks,  not lost on me is the work that Mr. Cole is doing today as a Rules  Committee member and managing the debate that we just had, managing  this debate with Appropriations. He is a real iron man today, and I  just want to publicly thank him for the longstanding work that he is  doing in support of our work here today.   Mr. Speaker, here we are in the people's House debating nothing more  than a real partisan grab bag, and it is an expensive one. What we see  as a crisis, Mr. Speaker, the other side sees as an opportunity to  exert leverage: no collaboration, no transparency, no Republican input.  They can't even wait until the trillions of dollars we have already  spent is completely out the door before coming back for more.    Why? Because this is not about a response to the coronavirus; it is  about implementing an agenda. Many of the items in this bill were  already part of the liberal agenda before we could even say  ``coronavirus.''   What does the federalizing of elections have to do with COVID-19?   What does the SALT deduction that has been a source of contention  with the other side have to do with COVID-19?   How about forgiving $10,000 of student loan debt? How did that get in  the conversation with our response to coronavirus?   The Postal Service bailout, multiemployer pensions--are you kidding  me?   Mr. Speaker, the people deserve better. This bill is not going  anywhere, and they know it and we know it.   It is appropriate, Mr. Speaker, that the conversations that are  taking place today on this floor about this bill are being done behind  a mask because no one can argue this with a straight face.    As I was saying, it is appropriate that we are having  this conversation, in many respects, behind a mask, because there is  nobody on this floor today who can argue with a straight face that many  of the provisions in this bill that we are debating right now are  related to coronavirus or have any sense of congressional urgency.  [[Page H2225]]        