 Mr. President, I join my Democratic colleagues today to  voice my frustration with the Senate Republicans' drive to manufacture  votes on anemic half measures instead of focusing on enacting robust  and comprehensive COVID-19 relief for the American people.   With over 220,000 deaths, positive cases surging throughout the  country, and flu season right around the corner, it is unconscionable  that we are not taking up legislation to address the health and  economic needs facing this Nation.   Simply put, this week's votes have been engineered as political  theater. They were designed to feign action, while failing, and to  further divide this body along party lines while making no progress on  another bipartisan coronavirus relief package.   Earlier this summer, I took to the Senate floor to address the  ongoing impacts of COVID-19 on our Nation's health and economy. The  majority of the $8 billion in CARES Act relief funding had barely  gotten out to Tribes by then, thanks to the administration's delay and  fumbled distribution. Now the administration wants Indian Country to  believe it championed that funding for Tribal governments, but the  truth is the administration and Senate Republican leaders offered  nothing for Tribes in coronavirus relief.   Tribes didn't see progress until Senate Democrats fought back,  demanding targeted relief for Tribal governments. We ended up securing  over $10 billion to fight the virus, stabilize Tribal economies, and  support Native health systems.   Yes, it was obvious even then more would need to be done. I sounded  the alarm that Native communities, like every American community,  needed more help and were bearing the brunt of the virus's continued  spread.   As vice chairman of the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs, I am  compelled to speak out again and urge immediate bipartisan action to  provide more targeted relief for Native communities and to urge my  Republican colleagues who represent a number of Native communities to  join me in this effort. Our shared trust and treaty obligations demand  nothing less.   Throughout this pandemic, I have heard directly from Tribes, Pueblos,  and Native Hawaiian communities about their urgent and ongoing needs  for healthcare and economic resources to combat the virus. I have heard  how existing Federal policies, practices, and program structures have  left these communities particularly exposed to severe and long-lasting  impacts from the coronavirus pandemic.   In a recent oversight hearing on implementation of Federal programs  to support COVID-19 response efforts, Tribal panelists testified about  how their communities have been hurt by congressional inaction, funding  shortfalls, and a lack of coordination between the Federal agencies.   Among other things, we learned that existing Federal policies and  failures have exacerbated health disparities, economic barriers, and  institutional inequities among Native communities; that the Indian  Health Service, Tribes, and Urban Indian Health clinics have faced  challenges securing personal protective equipment and testing supplies;  that they were excluded from most Federal public health emergency  preparedness planning; and that Indian Country continues to struggle to  navigate the bureaucratic maze of COVID-19 programs because many  agencies had little to no meaningful engagement with Tribes prior to  this pandemic.   This testimony is key to putting into context what little data exists  on COVID-19 impacts in Native communities.   Even though data was slow to come in, it confirms our worst fears;  that the pandemic will extract a heavier toll on Native communities if  decisive Federal actions aren't taken immediately.   Thirty four percent of American Indian and Alaska Native adults--the  highest percentage of any race--are at high risk of serious health  complications due to COVID-19; and they are 4\1/2\ times more likely to  be hospitalized due to COVID-19 complications. These statistics are  staggering, and they appear to be worsening in parts of Indian Country.   Just this week, Indian Health Service officials told Congress that  COVID-19 trends in the Bemidji, Billings, Great Plains, and Oklahoma  City service areas were ``very concerning.'' Each of those regions have  had a 7-day rolling positivity test rate in double digits. Several IHS  service units are reporting that their network for transferring  patients in need of ICU care are nearly full.   There is so much we still don't know about COVID-19. But what we do  know is this: Throughout this crisis, Native communities have fought  back. They are resilient. For example, in my home State of New Mexico  and in Arizona and Utah--the Navajo Nation has instituted strict  curfews to prevent the spread. They have ramped up testing, despite the  complete lack of testing supplies in the beginning. But the U.S. trust  and treaty responsibilities remain.   Our obligation to provide quality, accessible healthcare to all  Native Americans doesn't end with this once-in-a-century pandemic. And  it cannot be fulfilled by partisan half measures meant to score  political points rather than provide meaningful health.   Congress must do better. We must do much more. Each day we fail to  act--to advance policies to address the disparities faced by Indian  Country--is a day  [[Page S6366]]  we fail to uphold our oath of office. It is a day we fail to meet the  single most defining moment of this Congress--perhaps, of our entire  careers.   American families are struggling. Our country is struggling. We in  Congress have the tools to help end that. Instead, we are wasting time  with sham votes. History will not forget this inaction. That is why it  is imperative that we pass comprehensive COVID-19 relief legislation  with targeted resources for Native American communities.   We must infuse the IHS with additional funding for Tribal healthcare  and ensure Indian Country has parity in accessing Federal public health  programs. We must provide Tribal governments with the resources they  need to keep their communities up and running safely by providing  additional funding within the Treasury's Coronavirus Relief Fund.   The Senate should pass bills I have introduced that have already been  adopted by the House of Representatives in its Heroes Act, passed over  3 months ago. We must make the strategic national stockpile available  to Tribes. Tribes should be able to access PPE, ventilators, and other  necessary medical equipment, just as States can.   We must make sure the Tribes have equal access to the Centers for  Disease Control resources to prepare for public health emergencies,  like this pandemic. We must equalize the Medicaid reimbursement rate  for Urban Indian Health facilities and help the 41 Urban Indian Health  facilities across the Nation expand their services.   And as so much of our lives move to the internet, we must make sure  that Native schools, healthcare facilities, and government services are  not left on the wrong side of the digital divide. All Tribes must have  access to high-speed broadband.   This public health and economic crisis has impacted every community  in every State in the Union, but it has hit Native communities  particularly hard. We must take real action. We need to lock arms,  negotiate in good faith, and get immediate relief out the door--not  engage in insincere, sham votes on ``skinny'' relief bills going  nowhere, marked by continued partisan bickering.   I yield the floor.   