 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Smith, the co-chair of the Pro- Life Caucus, for the work he has done over the decades to protect  unborn life.   Next week, I am going to have a birthday, but 61 million Americans  aren't. Now, let that thought sink in for a second because that is the  population of California and Florida together. That is the number of  Americans who didn't get a chance to be born since Roe v. Wade was  passed.   I have spent over 30 years as an anesthesiologist on the labor and  delivery suite. I was in charge of the labor and delivery anesthesia at  Hopkins for decades, seeing the birth of literally thousands of babies,  not even beginning to comprehend the magnitude of the 61 million lives  that never had that opportunity to be born.   Next week, we are going to have the March for Life. Mr. Speaker, I  urge all Americans who are watching to tune in to one of those channels  that shows that March for Life because what you will be struck by are  the number of young people who have not believed the lie about  abortion, the lie that it is a blob of tissue, that it is not a human  life, that somehow that human life does not have the right to life.   I believe there are a lot of young people who march because this is  the generation that knows that it was legal for them to be aborted. I  think they appreciate the fact that they weren't.   Like Mrs. Roby, I am on the Appropriations Committee, and I am glad  to have fought to get Planned Parenthood defunded by tax dollars  because Planned Parenthood is the largest abortion provider in the  United States. That means it is responsible for the taking of tens of  millions of lives over the years. Not only that but they actually  promote using American tax dollars to provide abortions overseas as  well.   I am proud of our President because our President reestablished what  we call the Mexico City policy, which is very simple, Mr. Speaker. It  says that American tax dollars, hardworking American taxpayer dollars,  should not be spent on providing abortions in foreign countries.   Oh, my gosh. It is bad enough that we still fund Planned Parenthood  here in this country, but, my gosh, spending tax dollars to pay for  abortions in foreign countries? Thank goodness our President stands  firmly pro-life, some people suggest the most pro-life President we  have ever had, and at such a good time to be the most pro-life  President.   As the death toll climbs to over 60 million, it is rapidly  approaching the time to say enough is enough. This is the largest and  most important human rights issue we face. This country has faced human  rights issues before. We have to face this challenge, and we have to  turn back the legalization of the killing of millions of Americans  before they are even born.   