 Madam Speaker, today I will vote in support of H.R.  1425, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Enhancement Act.   I am pleased that this legislation bolsters the Affordable Care Act  (ACA) and further protects it against years of attempts by the Trump  administration and congressional Republicans to undermine and repeal  this important healthcare legislation--and thus take away health  coverage and protections from millions of Americans--all without ever  proposing a viable replacement.   The timing of this legislation could not be more crucial. Just last  week, in the midst of a global pandemic that has killed more than  120,000 Americans and threatened the health insurance coverage of  millions more, the Trump administration filed a legal brief to the  Supreme Court supporting a case that would fully repeal the ACA. This  reckless and heartless move would strip healthcare coverage from an  estimated 23 million Americans and threaten coverage for 135 million  Americans with pre-existing medical conditions--all while delivering a  huge tax cut to millionaires. In my congressional district alone,  repealing the ACA would cause 72,000 Oregonians to lose their health  insurance and threaten the coverage of 317,000 Oregonians with pre- existing conditions. This is absurd.   That's why I strongly support H.R. 1425's provisions to strengthen  protections for individuals with pre-existing conditions, as well as  its reversal of the Trump administration's expansion of junk short-term  health insurance plans that do not provide coverage for essential  medical treatments and drugs--and which are allowed to discriminate  against people with pre-existing conditions. I am also pleased that  this legislation increases healthcare coverage by delivering additional  support for states to expand Medicaid, establish state-based health  insurance marketplaces, and bolster efforts to increase enrollment and  help individuals sign up for ACA coverage.   I also strongly support this legislation's efforts to lower  Americans' health insurance costs by expanding tax credits to reduce  ACA marketplace premiums, placing a cap on premium costs, allowing more  individuals and families to qualify for ACA subsidies, and providing  funding for reinsurance initiatives to further lower premiums,  deductibles, and other out-of-pocket costs.   This legislation also takes long-overdue steps to help combat  inequalities in health coverage faced by communities of color in Oregon  and throughout the United States. This includes fighting the maternal  mortality epidemic by requiring states to extend Medicaid or CHIP  coverage to new mothers for 1-year post-partum; improving Medicaid  beneficiaries' access to primary care physicians; and protecting  vulnerable populations from losing health coverage by ensuring that  Medicaid and CHIP beneficiaries receive a full 12 months of coverage  once enrolled--thereby protecting them from interruptions due to  fluctuations in their income throughout the year.   I have always said that the ACA is not perfect, but I believe the law  should be reformed rather than repealed. The original ACA bill that  passed the House in 2009, with national exchanges and a government not- for-profit option, was far superior than the final bill that became  law. In my opinion, a government-run, not-for-profit health plan would  have paved the way to a single-payer system with more comprehensive  coverage at a lower cost. That's why I have once again introduced  legislation, H.R. 1419, that would establish such a plan and bring down  premium costs.   I am also once again an original cosponsor of H.R. 1384, the Medicare  for All Act, which would transition the U.S. to a universal single- payer system to ensure that everyone has access to health insurance  coverage, no matter their income.   Additionally, because of pharmaceutical companies' price gouging,  Americans pay more out-of-pocket for prescription drugs than  individuals in any other country. Americans need lower drug prices now,  and Congress has the ability to enact important reforms to deliver  immediate relief.   By incorporating provisions from H.R. 3, the Elijah E. Cummings Lower  Drug Costs Now Act--which passed the House in December--I believe H.R.  1425 takes some important first steps towards delivering drug price  relief and improving the health and financial security of American  seniors and families. Specifically, H.R. 1425 requires the federal  government to negotiate affordable prices for at least 25--and  eventually 50--prescription drugs, as well as insulin, every year. It  also imposes an excise tax on drug manufacturers who do not comply with  this affordable pricing provision.   While I believe these provisions will ultimately deliver relief to  millions of Americans, including seniors, I believe Congress can and  must do more to combat rising drug prices and price-gouging  pharmaceutical companies.   To combat this ridiculous practice, I reintroduced H.R. 4640, the  Affordable Drug Pricing for Taxpayer-Funded Prescription Drugs Act,  which would end price-gouging on prescription drugs developed with  taxpayer-funded research. Americans should not pay to develop a drug  only to see it put on the shelves in the U.S. at a much higher price  than other nations. I am also co-leading legislation, the Make  Medications Affordable by Preventing Pandemic Pricegouging Act, to  prevent price-gouging for any taxpayer-funded drug or vaccine developed  to treat COVID-19.   Moreover, I have consistently supported legislation to allow the  federal government to negotiate affordable drug prices for Medicare  Part D, and I am also cosponsor of legislation to require the federal  government to secure affordable pricing agreements for all prescription  drugs, as well as to approve cheaper generic versions of drugs if  manufacturers refuse to negotiate.   The bottom line is that seniors shouldn't have to ration their pills  or limit their dosage because they can't afford to pay for  prescriptions each month, and drug companies should not be free to  charge Medicare recipients--or any American--prices that are higher  than anywhere else in the world. These practices are wholly  unacceptable, and I will continue fighting to ensure that every  American can afford the prescription drugs they need.   