 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I want to caveat what I am going to say  by the reality of anyone who has ever worked on legislation; that when  you make a deal with the other side on something or any group of  people, they are always contingent on your having to see it in writing.  Sometimes what you agreed to and what the legislative language that was  written says don't align. Oftentimes, it is not out of ill intent or  anything of that nature; it happens. So I want to make that point.   I also want to make a point in saying that because we are dealing  almost with the whole of the economy, as we discuss what we are going  to do to help this country through this crisis, and you deal, for  example, as we have been, with small business, it sometimes interacts  with what other parts of the same agreement are also dealing with.   For example, you might be dealing with a small business sector, but  it interacts with what might be happening with the group that is  negotiating healthcare spending. And so items like that are things that  you are going to continue to work through and have some understanding  over.   But I think what I feel very confident in saying, as you heard a  moment ago from Senator Collins, is that a group of us who were tasked,  from both sides of the aisle, to come up with what we could do to help  small business has come up with an understanding of purpose and outline  of measures that I feel very confident every Member of this body should  be able to support when its final version is before us. I am very  confident that, if, God forbid, we are not successful in these efforts,  it will not be because of what we have produced for this body.   In that endeavor, let me first start by saying that I certainly feel  both blessed and fortunate to have had as partners in this, obviously,  Senator Collins, who has made a tremendous contribution. It began with  her own ideas, and we were able to merge some of the ideas that we had  been working on: Senator Cardin, who is someone I have worked with on  the Small Business Committee but often on issues of foreign policy, and  Senator Shaheen, who, likewise, is a member of the committee, but I  have also worked with on foreign policy.   I would just say that because of the nature of the crisis and the  isolation that this building finds itself in, a lot of people weren't  able to see it, but I think if the average person were to walk in on  the conversations that we had, you would have had trouble  distinguishing who the Republican and the Democrat was.   I don't mean that from an ideological perspective. I mean that one of  the things that I believe has allowed us to reach this point is that  everyone has small businesses in their States--small businesses are not  a partisan item--and that everyone understood that this was not a  moment in which there was a Republican side or a Democratic side. This  was a moment in which the entire Nation was imperiled economically, and  we needed to act quickly.   Senator Collins spoke a moment ago and outlined the key provisions  and ideas, but I wanted to reiterate some of them because I have a lot  of people calling and asking if they apply. Let me start out with a few  things.   No. 1, small businesses are defined as either some company that has  500 employees or less or a company that is defined as a small business  under the existing SBA criteria. So it is one or the  [[Page S1900]]  other. Let me say, that covers close to 60 million American jobs and  well over 30 million businesses in this country. It is an extraordinary  swath.   For the first time ever, we have also included most (c)(3)s--(c)(3)s  and not-for-profit (c)(3)s--independent contractors--people who work on  1099s--and gig economy workers who consider themselves a business, even  though they have one employee and maybe no real estate that they  operate from, but, nonetheless, they consider themselves that.   What it basically does, in its simplest terms--and I am  oversimplifying simply because there are caveats to some of this with  formulas and likewise--is, by and large, the best way to understand it  is as follows: You have a business. You are a restaurant, a small one- person, one-shop restaurant. You are a dry cleaner. You are a mechanic.  You have any small business, and you have less than 500 employees or  fit the category of the SBA, as we define it in this bill, and the  government has said that people can no longer go to your restaurant or  can no longer go out of their homes and use you as their mechanic, so  you have had to lay off your employees, so you are not operating, and  you can't pay your employees--I am not here to make fun of or criticize  the big corporations because I hear a lot of them saying: Well, we only  have 30 days of credit available or we have a credit line we can draw  down on over the next 15 or 20 days. I am not saying that is not an  urgent thing that needs to be addressed, but the people we have been  focused on in this part of the bill is people who have no line of  credit; that if they go 2 days without revenue, they are in a lot of  trouble. That is the overwhelming majority of small businesses in  America, and, more importantly, in my mind, the jobs that they  represent and support.   So the program will work this way: You will go to a financial  institution--be it at a bank or some other lender or credit union-- frankly, anyone the Treasury says is OK and wants to participate in  this--and you will fill out very simple forms that prove you are a  business, that prove you had payroll on a date certain, and you will  receive the equivalent of 8 weeks of your payroll that you can prove  you had, and you will receive this money very quickly. Hopefully, this  system can set up and run. And as long as you use that money on payroll  and/or rent or lease for the business, it is forgivable. You don't have  to pay it back. If you decide to spend it or any portion of it outside  of that use, then a year from now, it becomes a loan, and you will have  to pay it back at approximately 4-percent interest. The Treasury might  have a different program that works a little differently.   I mention Treasury because we have also given them the flexibility,  in addition to using the existing stable or small business lenders in  America today, they will also be able to attract additional lenders to  participate under terms that might be different than the current terms,  just because we need capacity.   One of our biggest concerns about this bill is that we are going to  have tremendous demand and not enough lender supply, not enough places  willing to stand up and operate to quickly process the paperwork and  the like.   The other important thing to understand is that this is not a program  where you are going to the SBA. You are not going to a tent somewhere  in a disaster area or some government office or some government  website.   You are going to a bank, to a financial institution, to a credit  union, to a fintech, to someone who will set up a process and an  agreement, either with the existing 7a program or Treasury, to move  this paper.   The intent here is not to create some financial instrument that we  can collect loans on. The intent here is what is the fastest way to get  this cash into the hands of small business so they can keep the people  who work for them employed; so they can rehire, maybe, some of the  people they had to furlough or lay off, and they can keep them on  payroll as opposed to going on the unemployment rolls.   The other reason why this is important, No. 1, is the jobs. No. 2 is,  for a small business, if you lose your employees, if your employees go  away because you laid them off, some of them may move away, depending  on the industry you are in and so forth. Then, if you are told, ``OK,  all clear,'' and you have to go out and rehire them or find people to  take their place, by the time you get going, it is too late. Many of  them will never restart.   We all want this economy to recover, but you can't have the economy  recover if you have no economy. And when you are talking about 58 to 60  million jobs and over 30 million potential employers that are impacted  by this, it is going to be hard to restart an economy if any  significant portion of them can't get going.   We are dealing with some great unknowns. No. 1, we have never done  this before. We did the very best we could under a tight timeframe and  difficult circumstances. I am confident that, as with any piece of  legislation, there are things in it that maybe we have to go back and  revisit at some point--nothing catastrophic. But I just want to say  that up front. We have never done it before, but we believe this will  work. What we do know is that, if we don't try to do this and we do  nothing, it is catastrophic.   The second point I would make is there have been a lot of people who  have worked very hard on this. The staff director on Senator Cardin's  part has been sick. Some members of my staff this morning did not come  in, as well, potentially just to be protective and be cautious. We are  talking about a very small group of people who worked, basically, the  last 72 hours straight on the SBA staff, Senator Collins' staff,  Senator Shaheen's staff, and my staff--just a handful of people who  worked long hours on the legislative draft. I know that, last night,  they were here until 3:45 or 4 in the morning, as they were the night  before and the night before that.   So there has been a tremendous amount of hard work done on this, and  we are grateful for it. And I have a product that we are proud of. Let  me just say it is a product I wish we never had had to do, not because  we don't want to help small businesses but because, by and large, every  one of these businesses that we are trying to help were doing just fine  until 2 weeks ago. That, to me, is the most important point.   These are not businesses that were failing or making a mistake, and  so government is stepping in to prop them up. These were people who  were literally doing fine until they woke up one day and were told by  the mayor or the Governor or somebody else: You can't open anymore. You  can't operate anymore. People can't come to your store anymore, to your  restaurant anymore.   It doesn't just impact the owner. It impacts the people who work for  them.   I will close with this. One of the unique things about small business  is that, in a small business, the owner of the small business is the  President and the CEO, but they are oftentimes also the cashier, the  stock clerk, the janitor, the driver, the accountant. They are an  employee.   In an enormous percentage of these small businesses, that small  business is not just the place that makes money. It is the life dream  and the life work of an individual or a family. In many of these cases,  the people who work for them are not the names and the numbers on a  ledger. In many cases, these are human beings who have worked for them  for 30 years, whose kids have grown up with them and watching their  kids grow up, who are like family to them.   I have talked to some of these small business owners who have had to  inform their employees, tearfully, that, for the first time in 30 or 40  years, they will not be opening and they will not be able to pay an  employee--people whose businesses have survived slowdowns, recessions,  financial crisis, 9/11.   In Florida, they have survived hurricanes--multiple hurricanes--and  all sorts of natural disasters. Many have been open virtually every  day, even the day after these storms, in many cases--until now. The  trauma is extraordinary for them.   Now, imagine the people I know--close friends, people I have known  for a long time--who informed me that, over a 72-hour period last week,  the husband and the wife were laid off, their two adult kids were laid  off, and the spouses of the two adult kids were laid off--six people,  one family, laid off in a 72-hour period  [[Page S1901]]    So they are sitting at home. Everything is closed. They cannot go  anywhere, and they don't have a job and have no idea when this will end  and, when it does, if they even have a job to go back to.   That is the story of millions and millions of people who are living  through it right now.   It isn't what the articles are about. It isn't what the arguing is  about. It isn't what all the stories on cable television are about. It  isn't what the snarky people on Twitter write about. But it is  happening to millions and millions and millions of people, and they are  scared and they are worried. And they are going to get more scared and  more worried as the days go by.   I will say this. I hope the Senate can act as fast as possible on  something beyond just what I have described in our part of this,  because tomorrow morning, all across this country, business owners,  small and large, are going to make decisions. People who a week ago  were talking about pay freezes and hiring freezes are now talking about  layoffs, and maybe a few of them are holding on to see what we do or  fail to do. But I caution everyone that, if we do not get something  done, if we think that we have the luxury and the benefit of time to  play games and for gamesmanship and bargaining and trying to get a  little bit more out of the deal, in a few hours some important  businesses and a lot of small ones are going to make decisions about  whether or not they are going to lay off and fire and let go of a bunch  of people.   We don't know what that number looks like tomorrow morning and in the  week to come. Keep that in mind as we decide not just how we are going  to vote in a few minutes but what we are going to do here over the next  few hours.   We do not have time on our side. We do not have the luxury of time to  negotiate. I think this is a process in which there has been a  tremendous amount of input. I haven't been involved in all of the other  sectors, but I can tell you that in ours I am very proud of the work of  all these Senators with whom we have worked. Obviously, there is always  a little bit of tightening you have to do as the language is written,  but I believe that, when it is all said and done, we will put before  the Senate a product that will help millions of small businesses and  tens of millions of American workers to be able to continue to draw a  paycheck during this very difficult time.   I hope that will earn the support--as it should--of every Member of  the Senate and, then, every Member of the House.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   