 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 1  minute in morning business.    Mr. President, this morning, Pfizer announced positive  results from its eagerly awaited coronavirus vaccine trial, with early  data suggesting the vaccine is 90 percent effective.   This trial is taking place at over 120 sites, including at the  University of Iowa's medical school. The University of Iowa's portion  is being led by Dr. Patricia Winokur, an infectious disease expert and  associate dean. The trial involves about 250 Iowans who have  volunteered to participate. The trial is not yet complete, but this is  exciting news and an important step to halting the virus.   I am proud of Iowa's role in making sure the vaccine will be safe and  effective.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, November is National Adoption Month.   Each November, families across the country finalize adoptions and  celebrate the creation of new families and connections. On National  Adoption Day, which is celebrated on the Saturday before Thanksgiving,  a special effort is made to finalize as many pending adoptions as  possible. Last year, over 4,000 adoptions were finalized on that day.  While I am sure that this day will look a little different this year  due to the coronavirus, I am confident that family courts and child  welfare agencies will still make it a special day for many, many  families--happy families--because they will be able to bring new ones  into their families.   The pandemic has created significant challenges for the children and  families in our child welfare system. With travel restrictions and  limits on visitors in hospitals, adoptive parents are meeting their  children for the first time ever over video chat instead of in person.  Kids in foster care are having to wait longer for placements, and  foster parents are facing the added stress of school closures. Court  proceedings are taking place over Zoom. Despite the challenges, both  new challenges and old challenges that can accompany adoption, parents  in Iowa and across the country are still making the choice to open  their hearts and homes to children in need.   Congress has worked in the past to reduce barriers that would-be  adoptive parents face. I will continue my efforts of making sure  adoption remains an option for children in foster care who can't be  reunited with their families, women who are facing unexpected  pregnancies, and all parents who are willing and able to provide safe  and loving homes for kids in need. There were over 100,000 children in  the foster care system who were waiting for adoption in 2019. That  100,000 was approximately one-fourth of the number of kids in foster  care. Congress must work in a bipartisan way, as it has for many years,  to make sure adoption can become a reality, not just a dream, for all  of these kids. We must also make sure that child welfare agencies have  the tools and flexibilities they need to serve the families in their  communities.   For years in the Senate, I have worked to elevate the voices of youth  in the foster care system. These young people are their own best  advocates, and they can tell you that the thing they want the most is a  caring and loving family and a permanent home. What would you expect  from any of these young people who are moved from home to home maybe  two or three times in a given year?   As I continue to work in Congress toward the goal of helping all  children find their forever families, I will always keep the best  interests of children at the forefront.  [[Page S6616]]    I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   