 Madam Speaker, I want to thank the distinguished member  of the Rules Committee, Ms. Scanlon, for yielding me the time.   Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of this rule and the  underlying resolutions. We must pass the resolution from Congresswoman  Jayapal. Medical procedures being done on immigrants without their  consent harkens back to a dark time in our Nation's history when  medical abuse against the poor and people of color happened again and  again and again.   I rise today, though, to discuss the bipartisan resolution condemning  the collective delusion known as QAnon. I don't say that description  lightly, Madam Speaker, but we all must call it what it is: a sick  cult.   We are not talking about a group of people with just some differing  political views. Americans respect political disagreement. But what we  do not respect and what this House should not tolerate are people using  conspiracy theories from the darkest corners of the internet to spread  hate and lies.   QAnon isn't some harmless distraction. It is an extremist ideology  that exploits children and opens the door to  [[Page H5128]]  real-life violence. That is what we are talking about here: reality  versus delusion; political discussion versus political violence.   Just ask the sponsor of this resolution, Congressman Malinowski. In  an interview that was published yesterday, he talked about the death  threats and hundreds of hate-filled attacks sent to him from QAnon  supporters after introducing this bill.   He is not the only Member of Congress who has been targeted. Sadly,  there are candidates across the country running to serve in Congress  who peddle this trash.   It is sick; it is wrong; and it is dangerous.   It is frustrating that the President wouldn't condemn QAnon. He says  they like him. But, then again, I never thought I would see the day  when a President of the United States would tell a white supremacist  group to stand down and stand by in a national debate. He didn't use a  dog whistle; he used a blow horn.   Extreme views like these are dangerous.   Are we really going to stand by and do nothing, Madam Speaker?   That is not who we are as a nation. All of us, especially my  Republican colleagues, must condemn QAnon or risk being complicit in  their dangerous hate peddling.   So let's make it crystal clear: This is a sick and a twisted  ideology.   