 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to this partisan  bill that is not focused on helping families and small businesses.  Everybody in this Chamber knows that this bill is going nowhere because  they didn't even work with Republicans to try to draft a proposal that  could actually address the needs of families who are struggling.   There is a bill already filed at the door right over there, a bill  that would help every small business, renew the Paycheck Protection  Program using existing money--there are $138 billion frozen in an  account that we unlock with Chabot's bill. Congressman Chabot has a  bill with a discharge petition that would actually, in a bipartisan  way, help small businesses go for a second round of Paycheck Protection  funding.   And what do we get? Do we get today a bill that was brought together  by both sides to solve this problem?   No, we don't.   We have a bill that was drawn up basically using the old-failed  roadmap of the original Heroes Act. Now they had the Heroes Act passed  in a partisan way--it was never going to go anywhere--months ago.   Did they say, okay, let's work with Republicans? Let's work with the  President?   No, they didn't. They said, Okay, we want to present a scaled-down  bill.   Mr. Speaker, when they scaled the bill down, did they cut the  billions of dollars of funding to illegal immigrants that was in the  original Heroes Act?   No, they didn't.   Did they cut the hundreds of billions of dollars that go to failed  States,  [[Page H5422]]  States that had billion-dollar deficits prior to COVID?   No, they kept that money.   And in fact, if you look at the things that had nothing to do with  COVID--for example, mandating that States that currently require  picture IDs have to remove that, ballot harvesting, which we have seen  in so many States, leads to voter fraud. That is what is in the  original Heroes Act. That still remains in this bill. What does that  have to do with COVID relief?   And so if you look, take the original bill, the original Heroes Act  had $600 million for police funding, community policing, things that  have been proven effective to make our community safer, that was in the  original Heroes Act. When they decided to cut--again, they didn't cut  the billions for people here illegally, they still get cash payments if  they are here illegally. They cut the police, zeroed out--$600 million  defunding the police at a time when our communities need help. This was  the original bill. The $600 million, it is gone. That is what they cut.  They kept the illegal money, checks going to illegals.   Everybody knows this bill is going nowhere because it is a partisan  hack job.    Mr. Speaker, 23 Democrats, just a few days ago sent a  letter to the Speaker saying, ``Passing a bipartisan COVID-19 relief  package should be our number one priority in the coming days. It is our  request that you continue to negotiate towards a bipartisan deal.  Otherwise, a discharge petition is the only potential option for COVID- 19 related action. . . . '' That was 23 Democrats.   Mr. Speaker, that is enough people, if they go down, right over there  and sign that discharge petition, it will bring that bipartisan relief  package bill to the floor, helping small businesses. We already helped  millions of small businesses stay afloat with the original Paycheck  Protection Program, an incredibly bipartisan success story that we came  together to pass. Over 50 million jobs were saved by that.   Mr. Speaker, we know now some of those businesses are doing better,  but some of those businesses are still struggling, in fact, dying on  the vine. And this bill will give them relief. They can go for a second  round of relief requests, PPP funding with money that already exists,  not $2.2 trillion borrowed from China.   Let's pass a real bill, the Chabot bill. Let's reject this partisan  exercise.   