 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and ranking member for  including my amendment in this en bloc amendment.   Mr. Speaker, my amendment is simple. It gives the Secretary of the  Navy the authority to solicit contracts from non-homeport shipyards for  maintenance work to meet surge capacity should the shipyards meet the  Navy's requirement for ship repair work.   Currently, the Navy has a tremendous maintenance backlog, but under  current law, there are certain restrictions that limit where naval  vessels can undertake maintenance repair. Unless these restrictions are  lifted, the Navy's backlog will only increase exponentially.   At the same time, there are qualified shipyards in the rest of the  United States, including the Great Lakes, Gulf Coast, and Alaska, that  can perform repair work for certain types of naval vessels. These yards  have the capacity and skills to do this work. They just need the  chance.   Last year, an amendment of mine was adopted into the 2020 NDAA. It  requests the Navy report on the feasibility of doing maintenance work  on naval vessels at shipyards other than shipyards in the vessel's  homeport. The report was produced this spring, and within the report,  the Navy concluded that the law could be modified to allow the Navy to  use non-homeport shipyards to meet surge capacity.   We have done the proper examination. Now it is time to give the Navy  the authority it needs to reduce its maintenance backlog. This  amendment provides an opportunity for the Navy to diversify their  industrial base, create resilience, and improve our military readiness.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Tiffany and Congressman Cox for  cosponsoring this amendment.     Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for  the opportunity to offer my crucial amendment that will help the five  sovereign Chippewa Tribes in my district: The Bois Forte Band, the Fond  du Lac, the Grand Portage, the Leech Lake, and the Mille Lacs Band.    Northern Minnesota Tribes provide cultural perspective that enrich  and inform my policymaking. However, Indian Country has endured a  crisis unlike any other.   Suicide among American Indian and Alaska Natives is a devastating  epidemic impacting the communities in my district and across our  Nation.   According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, American  Indians and Alaska Natives have the highest rate of suicide of any  ethnic group in the United States, and it has steadily been increasing  since 2003. To this day, suicide is the second leading cause of death  among native youth between the ages of 15 and 24.   Despite this startling trend, funding for Native American suicide  prevention programs within the Substance Abuse and Mental Health  Services Administration was level funded from last year.   Level funding is not enough. We need these funds to strengthen  community-driven and informed approaches to reduce suicide among native  populations.   Mr. Speaker, my amendment today nearly doubles funding for Native  American suicide prevention programs. These crucial resources within  SAMHSA will benefit Native American and Alaska Native youth everywhere.   For example, the renowned Indian Health Services facility in Bemidji,  Minnesota, serves 34 Tribes in the Midwest covering my district and  well beyond. With increased funding from this amendment, they would be  able to provide more suicide and mental health services and outreach to  our communities.   Mr. Speaker, before I close, I would like to thank my partner in  addressing this issue, the dean of the House,   Don Young, from the  great State of Alaska.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support for my amendment and, in turn, support  for ending the longstanding and devastating epidemic in Indian Country  that is suicide.   