 Madam Speaker, despite what you may hear and read from  the majority, there is actually a lot of common ground between the  legislation that we are considering today here and the legislation that  I am an original cosponsor of recently introduced by Senator Tim Scott  and here by Pete Stauber. We ought to pass those provisions that we  agree on and continue to discuss and debate the things we don't.   Last week in the Judiciary Committee, as has been mentioned, we  offered a dozen reasonable, thoughtful amendments to improve this bill.  But every single one was rejected by the majority, every single one.   Improving police-community relations is a critical issue that we  should be working on together to solve, which could have a real and  lasting positive impact on preventing future senseless acts of  violence.   We should also be working together to honor the memories of all of  those lost in the recent unrest, including George Floyd and David  Underwood and Breonna Taylor and David Dorn. Doing so would serve as a  beginning to a healing process to emerge a stronger, more unified  Nation.   Madam Speaker, I represent Ohio's First Congressional District, which  includes much of the city of Cincinnati.   Back in 2002, following protests and civil unrest over the shooting  of a young man, the death of a young man named Timothy Thomas, the  city, police representatives, community leaders, and local and Federal  officials entered into something called the Collaborative Agreement, to  build positive, constructive relationships between the police  department and the communities that they serve.   The Collaborative Agreement implemented many of the reforms that we  are discussing today: Revised use-of-force policies and mandatory  training; emphasizing de-escalation procedures; increased transparency;  and independent citizen complaint authority to investigate allegations  against police officers; and use of automatic body cameras, among other  reforms.   The results haven't been perfect, but we have seen a dramatic  improvement in local police-community relations. Also arrests and  serious crimes have decreased across the city. And, notably, excessive  use of force and violence against police officers has decreased.   These positive results are not due to heavy-handed mandates from the  Federal Government. Rather, the changes are more attributable to the  grassroots collaborative process, which required everyone involved to  put aside their political agendas and work together. Both police and  the neighborhoods that they serve had to reach out to each other and  come together to address concerns and problem areas.   One of my suggestions to improve this bill calls for a study of  Cincinnati's Collaborative Agreement, and other similar agreements, to  explore what worked well, what didn't, and what lessons can help other  communities across the Nation.   At the same time, we must recognize the important work law  enforcement officers do to keep our communities safe. That is why I  suggest that we also focus on supporting those police officers who  dedicate their lives to protecting our communities.   Specifically, I propose that we add retired police officers who are  killed while serving in public or private security roles, like Sergeant  David Dorn, to the Public Safety Officers' Benefits Program, which  provides death and education benefits to the families of officers  killed in the line of duty.  [[Page H2458]]    Madam Speaker, these and other proposals from my colleagues are  reasonable and would improve the legislation that we are considering  today.   I hope that Democrats and Republicans here in the House can work  together with the Senate to get meaningful legislation to the  President, just as we did with the coronavirus legislation, before  another life is lost.   