 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to legislative session and be in a period of morning business,  with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I am here on the floor today to talk  again about the need for us to pass a legislative package, which I  would call an emergency package, to deal with our COVID-19 crisis we  have in this country.   As we talk today on the floor of the Senate, there are negotiators  working busily in a room nearby to try to come up with that package,  and that is a good thing. I know they have run into some roadblocks, at  least so I have been told. We need to work through those roadblocks.  They are relatively small compared to the importance of the overall  mission of helping the people we represent, helping those small  businesses, helping those hospitals, helping those families who find  themselves without a paycheck through no fault of their own. And my  hope is that we can get there.   The legislation that is being looked at today, which may be part of a  larger package that we will vote on either tomorrow or the next day,  is, as I understand it, informed by work that a bipartisan group of us  did over the past several weeks. I appreciate my colleagues so much. I  see Senator Murkowski is here on the floor today. She was one of those  people. Senator Manchin was one of the people to help organize it. In  fact, I think the first meeting was because Lisa Murkowski invited  people to have pizza at her place. And that resulted in a very positive  interaction between Democrats and Republicans on a lot of detail, a lot  of specific issues, to be able to put together a package that will help  our country right now to work through this crisis.   I wish I could say that things are better. But when I look at my own  home State of Ohio, I see just the opposite. In fact, over the past few  weeks, we have had weekly cases that have increased, not decreased. Our  number of daily new cases is averaging around 10,000 a day now every  day. That is double what it was just a month ago. At least in my State,  the coronavirus crisis has increased, not decreased.   By the same token, the economic crisis that is a result of the COVID- 19 crisis has continued to grow. We have seen people who have lost  their jobs because their restaurant doesn't have any business, not  because there is a government edict; although, there are in some  States. Some States have said you have to shut down. Some States have  gone so far as to say you have to shut down outdoor dining, not just  indoor dining. Of course, those people have lost their jobs.   In many cases, it is just because the virus is so prevalent, people  aren't  [[Page S7573]]  going out; they aren't going shopping; they aren't going to the movie  theater; they aren't going to the bowling alley; they aren't going to  the restaurant; and they aren't going to the hotels. Folks are losing  their jobs. Again, not because of something they did or something they  could control. It is almost like a natural disaster, and, therefore,  they need some help and need it now.   We really have kind of a K-shaped recovery here. People talk about a  V-shaped recovery, where you have a recession and you come right back  out the same way you went in. I wish that were the case here. Instead,  it is kind of K-shaped. We do have some industries that are doing quite  well, actually. In some areas of the country, they are doing OK. That  is the top of the K. But the bottom of the K is those who are not. If  you are in the hospitality business, the travel business, if you are  someone who has a job that is no longer there because of this crisis,  then you are in trouble. You are in trouble.   I am told that I have now given 20 floor speeches on the need for us  to do something. I think it ought to be targeted. I think it ought to  be focused. What I have said is that we have this wonderful new vaccine  coming out. Moderna is about to be approved, I believe. Pfizer was just  approved. I am in a trial for the Janssen, J&J--Johnson & Johnson-- vaccine, actually. I think that is coming along well. We will probably  have AstraZeneca coming soon.   This is something that is very positive about this crisis. We  actually finally have something that can help us turn the corner. I  think it is important that we wear our masks. I think it is important  that we social distance. I think it is important that we use the hand  sanitizer--all of that. We need to keep doing it. But the difference  between that and the vaccine is that the vaccine gives you the immunity  we are all seeking. People talk about herd immunity and that that could  come--early on people said--by so many people getting infected. We  can't have that happen. Why? Because that will lead to a lot of pain, a  lot more deaths. Three hundred thousand people have already died in  this country from this crisis. We don't want to bring herd immunity in  that way. We want to bring herd immunity from the vaccine.   By the way, these vaccines are safe. They are effective. I mean, if  you look at the numbers, 95 percent efficacy--unbelievable. Do your  own research and look at it and make your own decision, but this is not  a situation where, as with the flu, actually--when you take the flu  shot, I am told, only about one-third of the time does it work and  about two-thirds of the time it doesn't. That has happened to my family  members, probably to you or your family members, where you take a flu  shot, and it doesn't really help. But here, 90, 95 percent, 98  percent--the numbers are amazing. Take a look at them--``efficacy,''  meaning that is how effective they are. Again, in the trial that I am  in, the initial numbers are quite positive.    Also, it was done in a way that I think makes a lot of sense for the  future in terms of public-private partnership. The government basically  said to these companies that we will provide a market for you if you  get busy producing this lifesaving vaccine. By the way, you can go  ahead and start producing the vaccine, even before it is approved so we  don't have to wait 4, 5 months after an approval to then get the  production up and going. If you don't get the approval, we are going to  throw away the vaccine.   It was worth doing. It was probably the best expenditure of Federal  money we had here in the last package, the CARES package, because it  ensured that we not only would get these vaccines quickly, but we would  get them distributed quickly. As an example, even while the vaccines  were being approved recently--and these were the Pfizer vaccines--those  vaccines were already on their way to my home State of Ohio. They were  pre-positioned there. And when the approval came, we could move  quickly. People are being vaccinated today in my State and in your  State--primarily, people who are on the frontlines as healthcare  providers.   Next, we are helping with the nursing homes, people who come in and  out of the nursing homes, which is where, obviously, most of this  disease happens, and then the people in the nursing homes, then our EMS  and other first responders, people who have health problems,  preconditions that make them more vulnerable to the virus, seniors.  This is really exciting. This is the answer. This is what is going to  help us turn the tide, but that is going to be a ways off until that is  widely available.   What I think, in terms of this package, again--I think of it as a  bridge. It is an emergency package to get us from where we are now to  this period probably in the March, April, May time period, when the  vaccine will be widely available, and we will be able to have that kind  of herd immunity we talked about earlier. We don't want community  spread. We want community immunity. And that is the idea.   The package that the bipartisan group put together was $908 billion.  Six of the ten of us voted for that. All of us voted for a smaller  package, which was $748 billion. It is important to note that of that  $908 billion, or $748 billion, we also repurposed a lot of money that  has already been spent. So, roughly, $600 billion was pulled back from  the PPP program that had not been spent yet and also from a Trump  program that the Treasury and the Fed had to provide loans that were  not being used. That is the 13(3) Program you might have heard about.  That program, fortunately, was not tapped into because the commercial  bank stepped in and provided a lot of that lending that was necessary.  Rates are at historic lows right now for mortgages, as an example, and  other loans, so they didn't need to step in. That money is being  repurposed. So, instead of $748 billion, it is more like $148 billion;  instead of $908 billion, if you went for the whole thing, it is more  like $300 billion--not that that is not a lot of money. It is. But  compare that to what was being talked about only a couple of weeks ago  and for the previous 9 months, by the way, which was a package in the  House of Representatives, called the Heroes Act, which was trillions of  dollars--$3.5 trillion, initially, and then they agreed, maybe, $2.4  trillion. I think the last offer that was on the table that they didn't  take was $1.8 trillion. We are not talking about those kind of numbers  now. We are talking about a bridge, on an emergency basis. It is  targeted and focused. I will give you an example of that.   In this package--the bipartisan package, which I hope is picked up,  and I think it will be by the package that the final negotiators are  working on. That would be Secretary Mnuchin, who has been very eager to  get an agreement that helps the American people, working for the  President, but also the leadership here--the Democratic leader, the  Republican leader, and in the House, the Democratic leader, the  Speaker, and the Republican leader. That is the group right now. What  they are saying is, we want to get a package done. I think, as an  example, with the PPP program, they will end up picking up what this  bipartisan group agreed to, which is to have a more narrow Paycheck  Protection Program, PPP, to help small businesses but to particularly  focus on those businesses that are small businesses, instead of under  500 as an example, maybe 300 people, and those that are really hurting;  in other words, those that are losing money relative to where they were  last year. When you do a quarter-to-quarter comparison--fourth quarter  this year, fourth quarter back in 2019--if you have a loss, let's say,  of 25 percent or 30 percent, that is significant. With the funding that  we have, isn't it better to target that funding toward those small  businesses that are really hurting? That, I think, will be in the final  package.   Again, I commend my bipartisan colleagues for coming up with some of  these ideas and working out some of this stuff because there are some  differences. By the way, no one of the 10 of us involved in this thing,  agreed with every part of this package, trust me.   I would have written a different package, as any of my colleagues  would have, but it was necessary to get to yes, to get to a result. We  have done that and, I think, again, it will inform where we end up in  terms of the package coming to the floor.   The Paycheck Protection Program is a good example of that. We also  provided in that program loan forgiveness for small loans--$150,000 or  less--in a  [[Page S7574]]  very simplified manner, so you wouldn't have to go through all the  bureaucracy and the costs and the loops and the hoops, which small  businesses just can't afford to do. So I am proud of our work there as  well.   We also provided help to some of the hardest hit industries,  including the airline industry. We want to keep a viable airline  industry in this country. We don't want them to go bankrupt and planes  to stop flying. We actually want, over this bridge period--between now  and, as I mentioned, March, April, May--to be sure that the economy can  get back on its feet as quickly as possible. That is why we don't want  these small businesses to go out of business and their employees to be  put on the unemployment lines. That is why we want to be sure our  airlines can continue. They are having a tough time. But 90,000 jobs  alone in this industry will be lost, we are told, unless we do  something along the lines we did in the bipartisan package--90,000  additional jobs lost. We don't want that. We want to be sure we are  positioned for growth.   By the way, in my view--for whatever it is worth--I think this  economy is incredibly resilient. I know it is not going great right  now. We still have 10 million people out of work who were working as of  February of this year. We have 10 million people who haven't found  their way back to work yet. We still have relatively high unemployment  compared to where we were. In my State, it is about double where it  was. But we have been resilient, given what we have been hit with. I  believe that if we can get to this period of time where we have the  vaccine readily available, we are poised for a takeoff.   I think there is pent-up demand. Among my constituents, they are  going to be happy to get out and shop again--to go to the restaurants  and go to the hotels, to travel, to go to the movie theaters and go to  the stages, the places where there is a performance that has to be  canceled now and where people are struggling to keep these venues open.  Those will not just be reopened. People, I think, will flock there. We  have to get through to that period.   In my view, it is worth helping to ensure that in the interim period,  we don't have even more pain and more loss in jobs and are prepared to  move forward.   On unemployment insurance, again, if you lost your job, not because  of what you did but because of what I said earlier--almost like a  natural disaster of the virus--we should provide additional help. We do  that in the legislation.   The day after Christmas, the current relief ends in terms of the  Federal help and unemployment insurance. That is not something that any  of us should want to see. If you are self-employed, if you are a so- called gig economy worker, then, you are able to get unemployment  insurance right now if you don't have a job. If you can't work because  of this virus, you can get unemployment insurance. That is not typical  in my State, and it is not typical in most States.   But because of the Federal law we passed, the CARES Act--again, 9  months ago--that is permitted, but it ends the day after Christmas. I  have people self-employed coming up to me back home saying: I have to  know. I don't know if I can pay the rent. I don't know if I can make a  car payment. I need to know. I don't know if I can make my mortgage.   We are going to tell them, I hope, in this legislation that passes  that, indeed, they are going to get the coverage. And the 13 weeks of  the Federal extension on the State unemployment will also be extended  so that the day after Christmas, again, people aren't falling off the  cliff.   Again, the Federal supplement per week originally was $600 per week,  as you know. That $600 per week, I thought, was relatively high,  meaning that many people were getting more on unemployment than they  were in their jobs. That was a problem for many employers, typically  small employers that had a tough time getting people to come back to  work. As the economy started to improve after the March, April, May  time period, when things started to pick up a little bit, it was tough.   This compromise, I think, will be $300. Maybe it will be $200. I  don't know what exactly they are working out. Our proposal was $300,  which is a bipartisan compromise. Many Democrats would like to go back  to the $600. Some Republicans think it should be less than $300. But  this is a compromise, and it is a way for us to ensure that during this  time period--and this is for 16 weeks only, so between now and the end  of March--on this bridge that we talked about, if people are unemployed  through no fault of their own, they should be able to get a little bit  to be able to put food on the table, make the car payment, make the  rent. That is in this package, too.   There is also funding in here for rental assistance. As you know,  some people have been hanging on wondering if they are going to be  evicted or not. Evictions make no sense right now for the tenants or  the landlords or the economy. We don't want people out on the street.  Landlords don't want to go through the pain of having to go through an  eviction and trying to find somebody else. They can get some help just  to hold on during this period. There is funding in rental assistance to  help keep people in their homes with a roof over their head as we go  through this period.   The final one I want to talk about--and there are a lot of other  provisions here that I don't have time to go into. What I want to talk  about is one that is a heartbreaker for me. For many years now, we have  been challenged with this drug addiction issue, particularly opioids.  It is prescription drugs and heroin and fentanyl, the deadly synthetic  opioid--to the point that only 4 years ago, we had the highest rates of  overdose deaths in the history of our country. Seventy-two thousand  people were dying a year. A lot of us focused on that year.   For the past 4 or 5 years, this Congress spent money and changed  policies to help people get treatment and get into longer term  recovery. More money went into prevention activities to keep people  from getting into the funnel of addiction, in the first place. This was  at epidemic levels.   In 2018 and 2019, we started to see a reversal of that for the first  time in really 3 decades. Every year--for something like 30 years--in  my home State of Ohio, we would see more overdose deaths every year-- every year. In 2018, we had a 20-plus percent reduction in overdose  deaths. It was about a 22-percent reduction in Ohio--a 22-percent  reduction of deaths. That is because we all focused at the Federal  level, State level, and local level, and we made a difference.    We began to change this dynamic of young people and middle-aged  people and across the spectrum. Regardless of the ZIP Code you lived  in, you were being affected by this. We changed it so that people were  actually getting the help they needed, getting out from under their  addiction, getting back to work and back to their families. It was good  news. The heartbreaking part of this for me is that, having made that  progress, finally, we now see, during this coronavirus pandemic, an  epidemic underneath it. It is the epidemic of drug addiction.   There are new numbers out today that I saw that don't surprise me as  much as they discourage me, which is that, this year, instead of 72,000  people dying of overdose deaths in America from drug abuse--this is not  just opioids but all drugs, including psychostimulants, like  methamphetamine; crystal meth from Mexico that is cheap, powerful,  deadly--this year, it is expected that our overdose death rate will be  the highest ever. We are getting back to where we were. Plus-83,000 is  the number I saw today. Remember, I mentioned 72,000 people dying only  4 years ago. Now we are back to 83,000. This is a crisis within a  pandemic, and we need to deal with it.   There are lots of different opinions out there as to why this is  happening. I believe strongly a lot of this is just from the isolation  that comes from this pandemic. People haven't been able to go and meet  with and talk to their recovery coaches, which is one of the ways that  we were changing this dynamic. People were able to meet with people who  were recovering addicts themselves to help them get through it. It was  working for a lot of people.   Yet at some of these longer term recovery places where people can  be--say a home, a sober home--they had issues with the pandemic and  have not been  [[Page S7575]]  able to have the group homes provide that care.   Also, people have not been able just to go see their doctors or their  treatment providers. Telemedicine has helped. That is one reason in our  package that we put more funding into telemedicine, because that is a  way you can get to people. Both in regard to behavioral health, mental  health issues, and with regard to addiction, it hasn't filled the gap.   Also, a lot of people are feeling a great deal of stress and even  despair and joblessness. And, obviously, if you go to the food banks in  Ohio, you see people who are in their cars waiting for 3, 4, 5, 6 hours  at times. There is something going on here, folks. These are people who  are feeling desperation. To wait in line for 6 hours to get a box of  food means that you have a real problem in your family.   By the way, some of these people--because I talked to people who have  gone to these food banks--have never been in a food bank in their  lives. They found themselves in a tough situation.   Again, it is not everybody. Remember the K-shaped recovery? For some  people, it has been fine. If you are a white collar worker and you can  telework from home virtually--maybe you are in the finance industry or  maybe you are in the tech industry--you might be doing great. But your  neighbor who has a job at that restaurant or perhaps in another  business like the travel business or the motorcoach business, they  don't have the opportunities to get that job. They are the ones in the  food bank line.   By the way, putting more funding into the food banks, as well as into  helping people to be able to afford food, is, obviously, a big issue  right now.   The notion here is that, with this legislation, we are going to  provide more help for people who are suffering from addiction, with the  thought of trying all we can to try to reverse this trend.   Ultimately, again, the best way to reverse it is to have this  coronavirus pandemic behind us so that people can socialize again and  gather again and aren't feeling the despair, aren't isolated. And that  is coming.   But the bridge to there is important so we save as many lives as we  can. There is $5 billion in our legislation--the bipartisan bill--to do  just that. My hope is, again, that that will be in the final package,  and I believe it will be. I believe that what the negotiators are  working on is very similar to what is in the legislation that we came  together with as a bipartisan group.   My only disappointment in the group is that we couldn't end up with  this combination of State and local funding--targeted toward need, by  the way, not the way it was done last time, per capita, but targeted  for need--and liability protection for these small businesses, for  these private nursing homes, for these EMS personnel, for emergency  medical people who are concerned. They are concerned about it.   What we tried to put together was a package that said: OK, if you are  a bad actor, if you didn't follow the rules--and the rules were pretty  clear--you aren't protected. You are accountable.   But if you followed the rules, and you were trying your best to deal  with ever-changing standards--and, let's face it; they have been quite  different. Remember back in March and April, people were saying: Don't  wear a mask. Now, of course, we know that was a mistake. At the time,  we didn't. The notion is to protect people from frivolous lawsuits who  were doing their best.   By the way, there was a survey done of people saying: Do you think  there should be protection for people who are doing their best, whereas  people who are grossly negligent--that was the word used, ``gross  negligence''--would not be protected; they would be accountable? And 79  percent of the American people agreed with that.   There has also been polling out there with regard to small  businesses, from the NFIB, saying that 70 percent of small businesses  are very concerned and worried about this. Again, think of the  business. Revenue has crashed. Profits have crashed. They are hanging  on. The PPP is going to help them because we are getting more PPP. The  Paycheck Protection Program, which we talked about earlier, will help  to get them through this.   If they are facing a lawsuit--whether they win it or not, whether  they can prove that they were doing the right thing--just the cost of  that lawsuit could well be the difference of that small business  continuing operations or not.   Nonprofits. The nonprofits in Ohio are very interested in the  liability reforms, as are the education community--the higher ed  people, the school teachers--as are people in the healthcare industry  across the board--nursing homes and hospitals. My hope is that we can  get back to work on that. Perhaps after this legislation has passed, as  we look at what we do next, let's be sure that we are providing that  protection in combination with providing that help to our State and  local governments that need it, where they can demonstrate they need  it. I don't think it will be in this package, but it should be in the  next package.   I will say, this legislation on COVID is needed and we ought to move  it now. We cannot go home for the holidays without passing COVID-19  rescue legislation.   Again, to me, it is a rescue package. It is not a stimulus package as  much as it is getting us through this period, providing that bridge  between now and when the vaccine is readily available.   This legislation is likely to be part of a broader bill that will  include a number of things, including spending for the year so we don't  have a government shutdown. It is a good thing not to have a government  shutdown.   It is also likely that it will include some tax provisions which are  so-called tax extenders.   I would say one thing, that I hope it includes is the permanent  extension of tax relief for our craft beverage industry. This would be  craft breweries, craft vintners, craft distillers. We passed  legislation a few years ago that was very important to them, that  allowed them to have a reduction in the excise tax they pay on certain  volumes--relatively low volumes of their product.   As a result, many of these businesses have been able to expand, hire  people, and now they have the possibility of this expiring at the end  of the year and having a big bill due that they cannot afford.   We are proud in Ohio to be the home of an industry, the craft beer  production industry. It is now No. 6 in the country. It supports 81,000  jobs. It is a business that has been hurt for two reasons: One, if you  think about it, the restaurants aren't doing the business they used to  do, so if you are providing your product to a restaurant, you are hurt.  But also, a lot of these craft distillers or craft brewers or craft  vintners have their own tasting rooms or their own brew pubs, and  those, in some cases, have been shut down altogether. In other cases,  their revenues have crashed, so it would not be the time for them to be  facing a big tax bill, and that is what the excise tax would be. Income  tax you pay later in the year; excise tax you would have to pay right  away.   So my hope is that that will be extended permanently. More than half  the Members of this body joined me and Senator Wyden on a letter to our  leadership about this, urging that this extender, which has worked so  well to increase jobs and opportunity in America, can continue on a  permanent basis going forward.   My hope is that that is part of the package as well. That will help  in terms of the economic stimulus part of this, which is also  important.   I thank you for what you are doing if you are one of those people out  there who is promoting the vaccines and talking about the importance of  our getting the vaccines. If you are not, I hope you will look at the  research. I hope you will look at the fact that we should be  encouraging everyone to get vaccinated unless someone has a health  problem that makes it difficult for them.   The polling data is not encouraging on this. The last Gallup poll  shows that only 58 percent of Americans are comfortable being  vaccinated. That needs to change.   I have heard some people say: Well, when you look at the polling, it  shows that Democrats are concerned because this happened in the Trump  administration, this vaccine development.   This is not political. Take the politics out of it.   These are scientists. They have been working around the clock over  the past  [[Page S7576]]  9 months, 10 months, to get us to this point. These are scientists who  are now working around the clock to look carefully at these vaccines to  determine whether they are approved or not. These are the scientists  who are making decisions, not the politicians. It is the people in the  white coats. We need to trust them, for the sake of our country,  because we need to reverse this terrible virus and the pandemic that is  causing all of the issues that we talked about earlier today, to our  communities, to our families. So the way to do that is to ensure that  we do, in fact, not just have this vaccine available but that people  take advantage of it and are willing to be vaccinated.   I hope, if you are listening this evening, that you will pass that  word along and that you, again, will do your own research. Look at it.  But my hope is that the conclusion will be to get to the period we want  to get, which is to have people feel like they can reengage in the  economy and feel like they can be back with their loved ones and  congregate and feel like they can go back to church or their other  place of worship; they feel like they can send their kids back to  school; they feel like they can get back to a more normal life. That  will happen through the accessibility and the ability to actually get  that vaccine.   So my hope is that those listening tonight will do that and do their  part in spreading that message instead of spreading the virus.   I yield the floor.   