 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I am here on the floor today to talk  about the legislation that is before the Senate, which is a great  opportunity to help our national parks.   The bill does a number of things that people have heard about to help  with regard to our public lands, with regard to fishing access, and  with regard to community parks. Yet one thing it does that is  absolutely essential is it included the Restore Our Parks Act. That is  legislation which is necessary right now to fix our national parks.   I say fix our national parks--they are our treasure. When people are  asked about the national parks, they usually use that word. It is a  treasure. It is a great asset of the United States. I think Ken Burns  said it is ``America's best idea.'' He did a great documentary on the  parks, by the way.   The point is, our national parks are spectacular. They are majestic.  They tell the history of our country. There are so many good things  about them. The problem is that right now, our parks are under a huge  backlog of maintenance projects--$12.5 billion. That is way more than  the parks' budget. They just can't get out from under it. It has been  happening for years and years and years.   Think about people going back to our parks this summer after the  coronavirus hopefully gets better and people are able to go to these  reopened parks. We will probably have huge attendance. When they get  there, they will find out that a trail is closed because of erosion, or  the bathroom doesn't work because the bathroom has deteriorated, or  they can't go to the visitors center because the ceiling has been  leaking, which caused mold on the walls, which caused the floors to  buckle, or the highways and bridges are crumbling. This is what is  happening in our national parks.   As Members of Congress, we asked them to give us a full list over the  last few years of this because we keep hearing about this, and they  have. They have talked about $6.5 million of high-priority projects and  about $6 billion of priority projects, and the list continues to grow.   By the way, the costs continue to compound. In other words, they get  worse and worse every year. Just think about your own home. If you  don't fix the leaky roof I have talked about, you will have all these  other problems. If you can get to it and fix it when it happens, you  will have much lower costs. All of us as taxpayers should want to fix  this maintenance backlog and be able to say that not only are these  parks a treasure, but these parks are open, everything is open, and we  can do a better job in stewardship. This legislation does that.   Not a penny of the funding, by the way, can go toward expansion of  the parks. I have heard that from some of my colleagues--well, you all  keep putting money into expanding the parks. No, that is not what this  is about. This is about stewardship. This is about ensuring that we  take better care of what we have. I can't think of a more fiscally  conservative idea than that. I think it is important for us to realize  that this legislation before us is not about expanding anything; it is  about taking better care of what we have.   The annual appropriations from Congress to the parks funds the  rangers, the nature programs, and the basics to continue to operate the  parks. They do not fund these maintenance backlog problems or these big  projects. We have been ignoring them for decades, by the way. This is  not new. It has built up and is getting worse and worse as the costs  compound.   Let me give an example. Cuyahoga Valley National Park is in Ohio. We  love Cuyahoga Valley. It is the 13th most visited national park in the  country. You may never have heard of it, but if you are in the Akron- Cleveland area, I hope you go. It is spectacular. Guess what. They have  a maintenance backlog of just over $50 million. Their annual budget  from the Park Service is $11 million. That covers everything. That  operates the entire park--the 13th most visited park in America. It is  a beautiful park that extends basically from Cleveland to Akron. It is  beautiful along the Cuyahoga River. It is beautiful. It has a tourism  train that goes through it, a single-track, narrow-gauge train. It is  just a great place. The train tracks are falling apart. That is a huge  expense that can't come out of this annual budget because you have to  replace the ties and so on.   There is a bridge that I saw that is crumbling. It is not going to be  able to be used soon by bicyclists or hikers to go over the river  because it is falling apart. That bridge is a capital expense. It takes  a lot of funding to do that and to do it right. So the legislation  before us says: Let's take this on. Let's get started on getting this  backlog behind us so that we can focus on having the most majestic and  the most beautiful parks in the world here that we can continue to be  proud of.   The way we do it is really interesting. We say, OK, we are going to  continue to have the annual appropriations, and we are going to  properly fund the parks that way, but for these backlog problems, we  are going to take funding from offshore and onshore oil and gas and  other energy projects that are currently going directly into the  government, and we are going to take no more than half of that funding  that is unobligated--in other words, not obligated to any other  purpose--and we are going to say: Let's use that funding, up to a cap  every year, to reduce about half the backlog over the next 5 years. It  is the priority projects I talked about, the $6.5 billion.   To me, this makes all the sense in the world. Again, it is going to  save us money over time--assuming we want our parks to be working, we  want the trails to be open, we want the business centers to be open,  which of course we do and we must. Our parks are more visited than  ever, and it is important that we have parks that are ready,  particularly when people start to go back to the parks this summer.   Some of my colleagues have come to the floor and said: Well, isn't  there another way to do this? I mean, I wish there were, but this is a  pretty good funding source.   For those who say it is not paid for, well, I am telling you what the  funding source is. Is it is the royalties that come off of these energy  projects.   By the way, this is for a good conservation cause and a good fiscally  conservative cause--to get these long-term maintenance problems under  control so that they don't continue to grow and grow and grow.   I first started on the project over 13 years ago, which is why it is  kind of exciting for me that is finally coming, I hope, to fruition  here in the Senate, at least.   I was the OMB Director for George W. Bush--the Office of Management  and Budget--and in our budget in 2007, we put in place a centennial  project for the parks. The Park Service celebrated its 100th  anniversary in 2016, and building up to that, we wanted to deal with  this long-term maintenance backlog and provide some more funding for  the parks.   I worked with the Secretary of the Interior at the time--this was,  again, the George W. Bush administration, a Republican administration.  I worked with Democrats here on the Hill. We worked with all the  outside groups concerned about the parks and came up with a creative  way to get public-private partnership money in it to provide more  funding for this long-term maintenance problem. We were not successful  in getting Congress to take it up and to appropriate those funds at the  time, but I continued working on this.   A couple years later when I was asked to serve on the centennial  commission on the parks--I was not in office at that time. I had left  politics--thinking forever--but now I am back here in the Senate. But  on the centennial commission, we analyzed what was going on in the  parks in connection with the centennial coming up, in 2016, and what  was the No. 1 issue? Of course it was this long-term maintenance  backlog and how do you deal with it and the great frustration people  felt because we just couldn't get on top of it. So I have been at this  for some time.   Again, I see that some of my colleagues are saying there must be  other ways to fund this, and some have suggested, well, let's raise  some fees.   Well, I am the author of the Centennial Act, which was passed about 3  years ago--on the last day, practically, of session in 2016. That  legislation actually took the senior fee, which is the lifetime senior  pass, and increased it, actually quadrupled it, to provide more funding  for this very purpose and other purposes at the parks.  [[Page S2967]]    That was not without controversy. I can show you some of the letters  and emails that I got and some of the phone calls that we received with  regard to increasing the senior pass. But we did it for the right  reasons--because we thought the senior pass was a relatively good  deal--which it still is, by the way. It is a tremendous deal for our  seniors. But we decided we were going to take some heat on this in  order to provide more revenue for the park because we were so  frustrated because we couldn't find other sources.   I am also the author of the Centennial Challenge as part of that  legislation, which allows for the private sector to provide funding to  our parks. Again, we did this because we were very interested in  finding more funding. The Centennial Challenge Fund is a public-private  partnership. It requires that every Federal dollar that goes into the  parks be matched at least one-to-one with a private sector dollar. And  I have been involved with that. I have been involved in selling that  program and encouraging the private sector to do more.    Since we passed that in 2008--fiscal year 2008--Congress has provided  $129 million in appropriations, which has been leveraged by an  additional $167 million in non-Federal funding. In other words, it has  been more than one-to-one. There has been more than 1 dollar of private  sector funding that has matched the 1 dollar of Federal funding, so  that has worked. But, folks, it has its limits. We are talking about  $12.5 billion in the backlog, and the numbers I just gave you--we were  able to raise $167 million in non-Federal funding.   So I would just say to my colleagues who say ``Gosh, why can't you  raise fees and so on?''--that has been done.   I will say also with regard to fees into some of our parks, it is not  very practical. At the Cuyahoga Valley National Park, as an example,  there are literally dozens of entrances to the park. I mean, the park  is in a suburban area through Akron and Cleveland, that area, and you  can get to the park through all sorts of different roads and avenues,  and there is no grand entrance to the park. There is a great visitors  center, which people are encouraged to go to as they enter the park,  but there are bike trails through it, and there is a railroad through  it, as I talked about, and there are lots of roads that come into it.  So it is not like you are driving into Yellowstone Park and you have to  go through a designated entrance.   So is there more we can do in some of these areas to provide  additional pay-fors to the parks? I am sure there are, and I will  continue to work on that, and I will continue to look at ways to do it.  But $12.5 billion? It is not going to happen without a lot of  controversy. So this is about being sure we are doing what is right for  our parks.   It is also, though, helpful in terms of jobs, as you can imagine,  because these projects are infrastructure. We talk a lot about that  around here and, typically we don't even think about paying for it. We  just say we are going to do an infrastructure stimulus project, as an  example, as was done back in 2008 and 2009.   In this case, these are shovel-ready and vetted projects. Again, we  have required, as Congress, for the Park Service to tell us what the  projects are. So I can give you a list for your State. I have done that  with my colleagues--given them the list of what the top priorities are  for their States, how much money it is, what the project is, how you do  it. You don't have to go and get the permits that you might have to get  on non-Federal land because these are on national park property, and  they just keep building up, higher and higher, but they are ready. They  are ready to go. They are also vetted. They also don't have to go  through the same process that some would if they were on non-private  land.   They create a lot of jobs. We just had a report that has been  approved by the Office of Management and Budget that came out of the  Park Service showing that the number of jobs that are direct jobs  related to this national park restoration act we are voting on today is  over 40,000 jobs when you do direct and indirect, including suppliers  to these projects.   So you have the person who is fixing the bridge I talked about or the  railroad tracks, but who provides the material to put in the new  railroad ties? It is over 100,000 jobs. So over 100,000 jobs are  created just from this legislation.   So it is the right thing to do no matter what, but it also happens to  be a really opportune time for us to put in place some funding that  goes directly into good-paying, high-quality jobs--average pay, $65,000  to $70,000 a year--to be able to help with regard to the post- coronavirus economic downturn we have seen and will see for some time.   So this is good legislation for all these reasons   There has also been an analysis done recently about what happens if  you don't fix these parks and the parks aren't able to open.   There is a $41 billion economic benefit for communities around the  parks. That is $41 billion a year. Think about that. It supports more  than 340,000 jobs. These are not jobs in the parks themselves but  surrounding. So these are the restaurants and the hotels and the  outfitters and so on.   Our national parks are not only a great way for us to help create  more jobs with regard to the infrastructure needs that are  overwhelming, with good stewardship--not expanding one acre but just  taking better care of what we have--but it is also an opportunity for  us to help our economy, to help ensure that we are putting people back  to work in good-paying jobs, and help ensure that taxpayers aren't  going to foot an even higher bill by not taking care of that leaky roof  that then causes the mold on the wall that then causes the floor to  couple.   We are going to get this started. Will there be need for more  funding? Absolutely. Again, some of the ideas I have talked to my  colleagues about on how to find additional funding, I am all ears.  Again, I have done it. I have raised the fees in legislation. I have  looked at the private sector, and we brought in over $150 million of  private sector money. But this $6.5 billion, which is the amount in  this legislation, to deal with the highest priority infrastructure  projects and problems at our parks is absolutely essential.   Let's not wait any longer. Let's get this done now and ensure we can  continue to enjoy not just the beauty and the history of our national  parks but also those economic benefits I talked about and do so for  generations to come.   I yield the floor.   