 Madam President, I want to begin where my colleague,  the Senator from Illinois, left off, which is thanking Senator Booker,  the Senator from New Jersey, Senator Harris, CBC, and the people  protesting around this country for bringing us to this floor at this  moment to demand urgent change.   I am pleased to be joined by my colleague from the State of Maryland,  Senator Cardin, from across the Potomac River, Senator Kaine, and, of  course, Senator Durbin from Illinois. We are here because, like those  millions of Americans taking to the streets around the country, we  understand that this is a moment when we must turn the pain into  progress. We must transform the pain of George Floyd's death and the  unjust deaths of so many other Black Americans into deep and lasting  change. We must bring the passionate pleas of the protesters across the  Nation to the floor of the Senate to take action to root out systemic  racism in all its ugly forms   This is a deeply ingrained problem, and it is clear that tinkering  around the edges is not enough. Systems embedded with racism need to be  overhauled. The State in the form of the police cannot be allowed to  continue unjustly taking the lives and liberty of Black men and women.  We must change the nature of policing. We need to change the culture.   Here in the Senate, we must change laws to compel changes in culture.  Let us remember that the police as an institution are a reflection of  the greater society, and we have an obligation to change all those  institutions where we find ingrained racist practices, everywhere we  find it, since the Nation stood horrified by the video of George Floyd  gasping for breath, crying out ``I can't breathe'' as his life was  snuffed out of him with a knee to his neck.   Other Black men have senselessly died at the hands of police.   By now, we probably have all seen the video of Rayshard Brooks. He  fell asleep in his car after drinking. He was then interviewed by  police for over 20 minutes. If you haven't watched that encounter, I  urge you to do so because after that 20-minute conversation, he ended  up dead with two bullets in his back. That encounter should never have  ended that way.  [[Page S2991]]    Not far from here, in Woodstock, VA, we had another recent encounter  that did not end in violence but exposed some of the racist assumptions  that are too often wired into police responses and into societal  responses. A Black pastor and Air Force veteran saw a man and woman  disposing of an old refrigerator on his property. He told them to stop.  The two were upset that the pastor would not let them dump this  refrigerator on his property, and they grew irate. They went away, and  they came back with three others. Then these five White people  surrounded the pastor, began jostling him, taunting him, calling him  names, and saying they didn't give a darn about his life and the Black  Lives Matter stuff.   In defense, he drew a gun, which he legally carried. He called 9-1-1  to get the police to come. The police did come. They arrested and  handcuffed the Black pastor while the five White people continued to  threaten him and wave as the police took him away.   The sheriff in Woodstock has apologized, and the proper charges,  including hate crime charges, have been filed against those who  trespassed and harassed the pastor, but that initial response tells you  what you need to know.   Those are the kinds of encounters that Black men and women face  everywhere in this country on a regular basis--North, South, East, and  West.   It reflects the same impulse of the woman in Central Park, NY, who  was asked by a Black man and birdwatcher enthusiast to obey the law and  leash her dog. Instead, she called the police on him to tell them that  an African American was threatening her life. She was exploiting the  fact that she would likely be believed.   It is same ingrained and racist impulses that resulted in five Black  youth--now known as the exonerated five but who were locked up and  spent years and years in prison after being falsely accused of a brutal  assault in that same Central Park in New York.   It is the same racist narrative of one of the first American films,  ``The Birth of a Nation,'' showed by Woodrow Wilson in the White House.   You can draw a straight line from slavery to Jim Crow, legal  segregation, de facto segregation, and institutionalized racism to the  deaths of George Floyd and so many other Black Americans.   Tinkering with the system will not be enough. Calling for more data  and transparency is necessary, but it will not be enough. We have to  take up and pass the Justice in Policing Act.   I want to thank Senators Booker and Harris and the Congressional  Black Caucus for leading this legislative effort.   The Supreme Court yesterday had an opportunity to take up and change  the doctrine of qualified immunity. They chose not to. Qualified  immunity has allowed police and other State officials to act with  impunity. There must be consequences for unjustly depriving citizens of  life and liberty. The changes called for in the Justice in Policing Act  are necessary to protect individuals, to protect communities, and to  protect all those police officers who uphold their oath to protect the  communities they serve.   The police are the agents of the State. Holding police accountable  and requiring justice in policing is just the first step. We must also  confront the other manifestations of systemic racism and the  institutions and societal norms that allow them to continue. We must  dismantle them with the same deliberate actions that ingrain them in  the first place.   Tinkering with the system will not be enough. We need dramatic  reforms in our criminal justice system. We have less than 5 percent of  the world's population but 20 percent of its prison population-- something that the Senator from New Jersey has spoken about often, as  have my colleagues. We need to change that. That is a stain on our  country. We need to get rid of the private prison system that gives  some corporations a financial incentive to propagate a system that  locks so many people up, but we need many other changes as well.   We know that COVID-19 has disproportionately killed people of color.  We must address the underlying health disparities that lead to  radically different outcomes for the Black community from COVID-19 to  maternal mortality.   President Trump celebrated the fact that the May unemployment rate  was 15 percent. That is nothing in and of itself to celebrate. It means  millions and millions of Americans are out of work through no fault of  their own. But he neglected to mention that the Black unemployment rate  went up in that May report because we have deep inequities from our  systems of income and wealth.   We have deep inequalities in our school systems. Title I is  persistently underfunded by over $30 billion every year. Think about  the $2.1 trillion we are spending to help keep the economy from going  underwater in this short period of time. My goodness, we could spend  $300 billion over 10 years to fully fund title I.   We are seeing continued discrimination in housing and the Department  of Housing and Urban Development has to make efforts to advance  fairness.   We have a lot of work to do in this country. We have a lot of work to  do in the Senate.   This is a moment of reckoning for this country--another one. This  time, let's not allow it to pass and let's start--let's start--right  now by taking up and passing the Justice in Policing Act. But that is  just a start. We have so much more work to do to build a truly more  perfect union and to live up to the promise of equal rights and equal  justice and equal opportunity and really ensure that we have equal  justice under law, which of course is ensconced above the Supreme Court  of the United States.   Let's get to work. Let's do it now.   I yield the floor.   