 Mr. President, is there an urgent need for us to help  America in this time of crisis? I think most people would agree there  is. As a result, the House of Representatives more than 6 weeks ago  passed legislation to continue to provide assistance to Americans who  are in need. Certainly, that would include those who are unemployed. We  created an unemployment Federal benefit of $600 a week over and above  the State benefit, expanded eligibility and the time the benefit would  be awarded, and made it available across this country right at the  moment when some 40 million Americans were announcing that they had  lost their jobs, were unemployed. It was a helping hand that was long  overdue and certainly made a difference in the lives of many families.   I think it is responsible for the fact that we did see welcome news  last week that some 2 million Americans have gone back to work. I hope  that trend continues, but in the meantime, of the 20 million who are  unemployed, this helping hand of $600 a week from the Federal  Government is essential. It is not exactly a windfall when you  calculate it. The Federal benefit, plus State benefit really comes up  close to the average wage of most Americans. It is not a major benefit  that they can live off of for any long period of time--that is for  sure--but it gets them through the crisis, we hope, in paying their  rent, their mortgage, utility bills, and providing food and clothing  for their family.   Here is the problem: If you want to know if there is some urgency  involved in unemployment insurance, consider the fact that on July 31,  the program I have just described disappears. Do you think unemployment  will disappear on July 31? We should be so lucky, but we know better.  It is going to take a while for us to get back on our feet as a nation.  We have to stand by those who are unemployed in the meantime, until  they can get back to work and provide for their families.   Unfortunately, the program we created ends July 31. Is there an  urgent need to extend it in some form? I believe that is obvious to  virtually everyone. I can't understand why Senator McConnell, the  Republican leader in the Senate, doesn't feel this sense of urgency in  his home State of Kentucky, as I do in my home State of Illinois, right  across the river. We have common areas. Downstate Illinois and Kentucky  are somewhat similar in their economies, and I know there are people  who need a helping hand.   I hope Senator McConnell will consider giving them that helping  hand--but not just in this area. There is also included in the bill  that passed the House of Representatives, the Heroes Act, an extension  of COBRA benefits.   What is COBRA? If you are working for a company that provides health  insurance, you pay part of the premium, and they pay the other part. If  you lose your job but want to continue that health insurance plan,  under COBRA you can if you pay both sides, employer and employee, on  the premium. The average cost is about $1,700 a month. It is a pretty  hefty sum for anyone who just lost their job.   Under the bill that passed the House of Representatives, there would  be 100 percent coverage of the employer's portion of the COBRA premium  during the period of your unemployment. That is a helping hand, which  most workers desperately need. I am sure they need it in the State of  Kentucky, just as we do in the State of Illinois and all across the  Nation.   There is a sense of urgency if you don't have health insurance, isn't  there? We are more conscious than ever about the need for good health  insurance. I would hope that Senator McConnell would consider that when  he decides whether there is an urgent need for us to pass the bill that  was enacted by the House of Representatives.   In addition, there is a major portion of the House bill that provides  assistance to State and local governments. We desperately need it  across the Nation. Hardly any State--county, major city, even cities of  modest size--hasn't seen the cost of government go up as government  revenues from sales tax, for example, have diminished and the cost of  government related to the COVID-19 crisis have increased.   The helping hand to these State and local governments is consistent  with what we did in the first bill, the CARES Act, and is desperately  needed. What is the alternative? I know what it is, and most everyone  does as well: There will be dramatic layoffs of State and local  employees if we don't provide a helping hand from the Federal  Government. These employees include, of course, teachers, medical  personnel, law enforcement, and the like.   If we want to make certain that we maintain the basic protections of  government at the State and local level, then Senator McConnell should  consider supporting the bill that already passed the House of  Representatives.   There is one major stumbling block when it comes to this issue of  Senator McConnell taking up any measure to help our economy from this  point forward. It was 6 weeks ago, in April, when Senator McConnell  announced that he was drawing a redline that he wouldn't budge from,  and that redline said that we had to provide immunity from liability  for businesses and others before he would even consider additional  benefits for American businesses and families. We don't know exactly  [[Page S2985]]  what the Senator had in mind. He announced on several occasions from  the floor here that he wanted to put this immunity provision into any  future package, but as of today, we still haven't seen it. We are still  waiting.   One of his colleagues, Senator Cornyn from Texas and my colleague on  the Senate Judiciary Committee, has given several speeches on the  subject. There was one that he gave on May 19, which I would like to  refer to because it is perhaps his longest statement and the longest  Republican statement on just what they have in mind. Senator Cornyn  said that there has been a wave of COVID-19-related lawsuits rolling  in. He called it an avalanche of lawsuits. He went on to use other  terms equally cataclysmic. He called it a litigation epidemic, a tidal  wave of lawsuits. He went on to talk about those as creating a need for  us to provide some protection against lawsuits.   I decided to take a look at this avalanche, this tidal wave that we  heard about so much from Senator McConnell and Senator Cornyn. You see,  there is a law firm tracker service that takes a look at every lawsuit  filed in America to see what they are all about. They have a category  of lawsuits related to COVID-19, and they give regular reports on how  many lawsuits are filed.   Let's take a look at the avalanche of lawsuits that have been filed  as of yesterday. Remember, 2 million Americans have been diagnosed with  the COVID-19 infection--2 million.   Out of 2 million Americans with COVID-19 infections and over 115,000  deaths, as of yesterday, how many medical malpractice lawsuits do you  think have been filed based on COVID-19 against healthcare  workers, doctors, nurses? How many across the whole United States of  America? Five. Five. Some avalanche.    How many lawsuits have been filed by those who say that they are  forced to work in unsafe working conditions because of COVID-19? In  this tidal wave, there have been 49 of those lawsuits filed--49 across  the entire United States.   By way of comparison, how many lawsuits have been filed involving  COVID-related disputes between businesses and insurance companies? Six  hundred and thirty-one.   Five hundred and sixteen lawsuits have been filed by prisoners  because of what they have alleged to be unsafe living conditions  related to COVID-19 and 194 lawsuits challenging governments' stay-at- home orders across the board.   This doesn't strike me as an avalanche or a tidal wave or some spate  of frivolous lawsuits being filed by workers or customers. Part of the  reason, you learn in your first year of law school. In tort law  classes, one of the first things you are told is, before you can  recover in a lawsuit, you have to prove causation. What was it that  caused your injury? How is that defendant responsible for your injury?  It is a difficult thing to prove in many lawsuits and very difficult  when it comes to an invisible virus as to what circumstances or what  individual would be responsible for the fact that you became infected  and are filing this lawsuit. Causation is hard.   Here is what it really gets down to: I believe--and most people do-- that if a business or an entity is really making a reasonable, good- faith effort to protect employees and customers, that should be a  defense to any lawsuit. What would that consist of? We had a hearing in  the Senate Judiciary Committee 3 weeks ago. The star witness on the  Republican side was a very impressive individual who represented the  convenience stores of America. He was from the same State as Senator  Cornyn, the State of Texas. His name is Mr. Smartt. He came in and told  the story about many facilities that he had which were providing goods  and services to the people of Texas and how he was making a good-faith  effort to protect those who work for him and those who did business in  his establishment. He talked about plastic shields. He talked about  hand sanitizers. He talked about spacing and distancing. It was really  clear from the start that this CEO of this major Texas corporation was  doing his best to protect the people who came into his business and his  workplace.   I thought it was a good statement when, on page 7 of his testimony-- and I will refer you to it if you would like to look at the Senate  Judiciary Committee testimony--he said that his biggest problem was he  didn't know what standard he had to live up to, what was the proper  thing for him to do from a public health point of view. He didn't know  which way to turn. Was it the Centers for Disease Control? Was it the  Occupational Safety and Health Administration? Was it the State of  Texas? Was it some Federal agency? He was really begging us: Give me a  standard to live up to, and I will do my level best to live up to it.   I don't think that is an unreasonable position. I salute him. I would  like to be, if necessary, in court defending him, saying: This is a man  who is trying his best in the business environment to be a responsible  citizen, both for his workers and for his customers, but he doesn't  have a standard to operate by.   Why don't we have this Federal standard? Well, you point the finger  of responsibility to the White House. President Trump and his  administration have refused to come forward with enforceable and  inspectable standards that we can use to take a look at those who are  trying to protect others from public health exposures. Without that  Federal standard, companies like that one in Texas really don't know  where to turn. If OSHA came up with a standard and said ``This is what  we expect in the workplace'' and you lived up to that standard, I would  say, as an attorney who spent a lot of time in the courtroom, you have  a pretty strong defense going for you--first, the issue of causation,  and secondly, whether you have done what is reasonable on your part to  protect people.   That is what it comes down to. Democrats and others argue that we  should hold businesses to a reasonable standard of responsibility. We  certainly don't encourage or defend frivolous lawsuits. But we don't  want bad actors who are ignoring any reasonable standards or  responsibility to get away with murder. They should be held  responsible, and they should be reliable in terms of their own  activity. That is what it comes down to.   Senator McConnell is holding back assistance for State and local  governments, money for hospitals, money for the unemployed, because of  the so-called redline when it comes to immunity. Listen, it is human  nature. If you say to businesses across the board ``You are immune from  lawsuits,'' I am afraid some people will take advantage of that. They  will not even try. And people get sick as a result of it or maybe  worse. We don't want that to happen in this country. We want people to  do the right thing--to protect themselves, their families, and to  protect others, and in business, to make sure they are protecting the  public at large. If they live up to a certain standard, I think they  have a good defense to any lawsuit.   But the so-called avalanche and tidal wave of lawsuits--5 medical  malpractice lawsuits after 2 million Americans have been infected by  COVID-19--really tells the story.   I would encourage the Republicans to finally produce and present to  us the standard they want to make part of the law of the land. Let's  see what is in it. Let's talk about it. And if you are willing to  establish reasonable standards based on public health to protect the  public at large, I want to be at the table. We can find common ground.  But if you are saying ``We want immunity for these businesses. We want  to let them off the hook no matter what they do, even if they do  nothing,'' I am sorry, that is worth a fight. We have to make sure that  people across America have a reasonable expectation that when they  enter a business or go to work, they are going to be in a safe  environment, and that the people who employ them, the ones who want to  do business with them, have lived up to that responsibility.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I thank the Senator from New Jersey.   During the course of one of his political campaigns, Abraham  Lincoln's opponent said to him: You have switched your position. You  have reversed your position on an issue. You have changed on an issue.   Abraham Lincoln said: It is true. You see, I would rather be right  some of the time than wrong all of the time.   Well, I learned that lesson, as many of us have who have served in  Congress, when you vote for a measure and, many years later, have to  reflect on whether it was the right vote. I voted for something called  the War on Drugs. It seemed like a sensible thing to do, and many  joined me: Black and White Members of the House of Representatives. It  was after the death of Len Bias, the Maryland basketball star who  overdosed.   In the moment of panic over crack cocaine, we did something which was  going to just make a very clear public statement. The penalty for crack  cocaine was going to be 100 times the penalty for powder cocaine--100  times. We were going to let America know: Don't mess with crack  cocaine.   What a colossal failure it turned out to be. The price of crack  cocaine on the street went down instead of up; the number of users on  the street went up instead of down; and we filled the prisons of  America, over the next 10 years, to a level we had never seen before,  primarily with African Americans who had been convicted of possessing  and selling crack cocaine.   I realized, as I am sure many others did too, that it was a big  mistake. It was an experiment that failed at the expense of many people  and their families and their lives. So 10 years ago, I started out to  try to change it. The 100-to-1 standard, in my mind, was indefensible.  It didn't work, No. 1. No. 2, there was no scientific evidence that  crack cocaine was that much more dangerous than powder cocaine.   So I set out to make it 1 to 1, where it should be. I ran into an  adversary by the name of Senator Sessions from Alabama. He didn't like  the idea very much of my change. After long negotiations, we agreed to  drop the standard to 18 to 1. I can't tell you the wisdom behind the  number 18, but it was a compromised number.   It changed a lot of things. Thousands of people in prison were able  to leave early, and many had their sentences reduced. But it wasn't  enough. We needed to go further. It was clear, when it came to  mandatory minimums and ``Three Strikes, You're Out'' and all of the  things that led to imprisonments--which were almost impossible to  describe--we needed another bill.   I joined with Senator Mike Lee, a very conservative Republican in the  Senate, and we moved forward with the legislation. Others joined us as  well, but we were stopped by one man who happened to be the chairman of  the Senate Judiciary Committee, Chuck Grassley. Senator Grassley said:  I don't like this bill.   He came to the floor many times and gave speeches against the bill.  So it became obvious to me, if anything was going to happen, I needed  to win over Chuck Grassley. So I sat down with him and--literally for 1  whole year--negotiated changes in the bill, things that I didn't want  to give up but were part of the process to move us forward.   We came up with the FIRST STEP Act, and he, proudly, was the lead  sponsor on it, and I was his cosponsor--happy to be. Then we found an  ally in the White House, Jared Kushner, who is open about the fact that  his father spent time in prison and who believed in reform.   We put together the FIRST STEP Act. One of the first people I went to  was Cory Booker, then a new Senator from New Jersey, and said: I want  you to support this bill. Read it, and tell me if you can.   He came back to me with several proposals. One of them was the  incarceration of juveniles that you wanted to make sure would be  changed in America--and several other worthy suggestions we  incorporated in the bill. And he became part of the team. The team was  ultimately successful when, to the surprise of everyone in Washington,  President Trump signed the FIRST STEP Act into law.    So those who are skeptical that what we are about here cannot result  in legislation have ignored the obvious--something that occurred in the  last year or two with this White House, with this President, and with a  Republican majority in the Senate. We did something significant, and we  can do it again, and we should.   What we are talking about now with Justice in Policing is so obvious  to the world. What has brought us to this point of this debate? I think  two things have brought us here, and maybe we didn't see it coming:  videotapes and DNA. That is what brought us here. It is no longer  speculation as to what happened in a parking lot. It is no longer  conjecture as to what happened at the side of a curb in Minneapolis. We  see it. We see it, and we can't get the images out of our mind.   A knee on the neck for 8 minutes 46 seconds. Just in case that sounds  like a short period of time, try kneeling, as Senator Kaine did in our  moment of silence in the auditorium just a few weeks ago. Try imagining  someone's knee on your neck for 8 minutes 46 seconds. George Floyd lost  his life in that period of time.   I think the image that sticks with me is not only that man on the  ground begging for his life but the image of the policeman who was  being implored and begged by all the people around: Take your knee off.  Let him breathe. And he just looked with those cold, hard eyes as he  took the life out of that man. That image is something I will carry for  the rest of my service in life, as are the images from the Wendy's  parking lot in Atlanta, GA.   All of these things have brought us to the moment where we realize  something must be done.   I listened, Senator Kaine, when he talked about the rally he attended  in Richmond over the weekend. What a coincidence that he would talk  about the young people who organized it. In my home State, I have been  to several rallies in the city of Chicago held by leaders in the  community, religious and otherwise, but the meetings that I attended  that had the most impact on me have been organized by high school  students.   In my hometown of Springfield, Nykeyla Henderson is a junior in high  school. She is a tall young woman, kind of rangy, and doesn't look like  the type of person who would ever speak up for anything. But she and  her twin sister, Nykia, decided to put together a rally at the State  capitol 2 weeks ago in Springfield. Fifteen hundred people showed up.  No windows were broken. No curses were thrown around. Nobody was  throwing anything. They made it clear that it was going to be a  peaceful rally and all about Black Lives Matter.   I told her later that it is an amazing achievement at her stage in  life that she were able to do this. How unusual it was that a young  woman--a young African-American woman--took on this role of leadership  with others.   This last Sunday, I went to Jerseyville, IL. I was telling Senator  Booker about this. I don't know if there are many, if any, Black  families in Jersey County. I represented this area for a long time, and  I don't remember any. They had a rally on the lawn next to the  courthouse at 4 p.m., Sunday afternoon. I went down there  [[Page S2990]]  because of another African-American high school young woman named  Lay'Lhany Davis. Lay'Lhany goes to high school about 20 miles away in  Alden. She called for a Black Lives Matter rally in Jersey and asked if  I would come. I said I wouldn't miss it. She had done the same thing in  Edwardsville, another small town. They had a rally, and when they  started cruising with banners supporting political candidates and all  the derision they were throwing at her, she said to these people: We  are not going to be like that. We are not going to do that. This is  going to be peaceful.   I respect her very much for it.   Here are these two 16-, 17-year-old young African-American women who  are true leaders and inspiring in their humility. They are not looking  for a headline. They wouldn't know what to do with it. They are wide- eyed at the number of people who are showing up. The people who show  up, by and large, are young people. White, Black, Brown people come  there begging for freedom and liberty and hoping that we can do  something in Washington. And why shouldn't we? The reason we ran for  these offices is to address the issues of the day in our time, to take  on the tough chores of finding compromise when it looks like it is  impossible. I think we can do this, and I know that we must.   I want to recount one other thing before I yield the floor. I see  others arriving here. It was 10 days ago when I asked the African- American members of my staff to get on a conference call. We spend a  lot of time on conference calls. There were quite a few on the call,  and I started talking about their experiences. They were a little  reluctant to volunteer much. Then the dam broke, and one of them said  something that led another one to say something. It turned out to be  one of the best conversations I have ever had with my staff. They told  me some things that I needed to hear because listening is sometimes  more important for a Senator than speaking, although I do a lot of  speaking.   I can recall so many of them described for me the very first time-- and they remember it, and they remember who said it--they were called  the N-word. They remember it. Each went through that experience on the  playground or in a school. I am thinking to myself that I never had an  experience in my life that was that profound that I remember it to this  moment of someone using a word against me.   Another young woman talked about the fact her mother sat her down at  a young age and said: Listen to me. When you go to the store to buy  something, always ask for a receipt. Always ask for a receipt. You put  that receipt in that bag because somebody is going to stop you at the  door and say you stole it, and you can show them you paid for it  because you have the receipt.   I thought, my mother never gave me that lesson. She never had to. I  will never be stopped at the door. I am White. This young woman was  Black.   Time and again, the stories they told reminded me that the issue of  racism is one we have faced in this country, as you said, for over 400  years--when slavery came to our shores, before we were known as the  United States of America, to this day. The greed and racism behind  slavery still challenge us to this moment.   Can we come up with an approach that is sensible? I hope we can. When  you look at the history of Reconstruction, the Black codes, Jim Crow,  the Great Migration, and everything that followed, you realize that we  are still in the midst of this debate. We are as drawn to it as any  moment in American history, and we have to face it and face it squarely  and honestly. I think we can, and I think we must   Let me say one word about the anti-lynching law. I read about the  history of the anti-lynching law in the U.S. Congress. I am sure  Senator Booker knows it well. A Congressman from Missouri, Leonitis  Dyer, was not African American. He was a White Congressman, a veteran  of World War I, an attorney from St. Louis, and a former prosecutor who  was outraged by the East St. Louis race riots. East St. Louis is my  hometown, born and raised across the river. He was outraged by the race  riots there and people killed. He introduced the anti-lynching laws. He  got it through the House, and it came over here and died in the Senate.  That measure has languished in this Chamber ever since.   I thought to myself, lynching is a terrible, Southern phenomena. Boy,  am I wrong. I did a little research and studied the history over the  weekend. I was saddened to learn that in my home county, St. Clair  County, on the Belleville Square, an African American was lynched.  Another African American was lynched in Decatur, IL, a town in Central  Illinois I represented for years. Sadly, other lynchings took place in  parts of Illinois that you might not have guessed.   I learned the history of Anna, IL. I won't say it on the floor  because I don't want to put it in the Record. Unfortunately, the name  ``Anna'' has some racial connotations to it, which I will share  privately with others. There was a lynching based on a person living in  Anna who was lynched in Carroll, IL. This happened in the land of  Lincoln. It happened in the North. It happened in my home State that I  love. It is a reminder that hatred can be found everywhere.   It is our job here with this bill to move forward and say to the good  police: Thank you for serving us. Now join us in making sure we don't  have bad police. In your ranks, you know the people who cannot be  trusted with their badge and gun to use them responsibly. You know the  people who shouldn't be policemen. Join us in making sure your ranks  show real quality in the recruitment, in the training, and in the  review of performance of all those who are serving in law enforcement.   We need to do so much more. I am sure there is much more to be said.  I want to thank my colleagues, Senators Booker and Harris, for bringing  us to this moment. This is our moment.   I beg Tim Scott, whom I dearly love as a colleague and a person, to  join us in a bipartisan effort to do something historic at this moment.   Don't believe we can't do it. Believe we can do the right thing that  will stand the test of time.   I yield the floor.   