 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 7105,  the Johnny Isakson and David P. Roe, M.D. Veterans Health Care and  Benefits Improvement Act of 2020.   Let me start by thanking my good friend, the ranking member of the  Veterans' Affairs Committee, a former chairman of this committee, for  his service to this country, not just as a veteran himself, but also  leading this committee and being a tireless champion of the men and  women who have served our country in uniform, through all of his  accomplishments on this committee.   I am so grateful for what you have done for our veterans and, on a  personal note, as a mentor to me and so many others, leading the way,  showing your patriotism. You are going to be missed here, but we  appreciate your friendship.   I am grateful, Mr. Speaker, that the two bipartisan bills I  introduced this Congress are included in this comprehensive veterans  package: an amended version of my bill, H.R. 7795, the Veterans  Benefits Fairness and Transparency Act of 2020, which I introduced with  my Democratic colleague, Representative Elaine Luria from Virginia; and  H.R. 5772, the Veteran STEM Scholarship Enhancement Act, which I  introduced and later worked on with Representative Lauren Underwood  from Illinois.   My bill, the Veterans Benefits Fairness and Transparency Act of 2020  will make it easier for veterans to file their disability claims by  requiring the VA to restore the availability of disability benefits  questionnaires, or DBQs, to their publicly available website so that a  veteran can use their own personal healthcare provider when filing for  benefits. This bill also cuts red tape and bureaucracy by preventing a  veteran's claim from being rejected just  [[Page H7208]]  because the VA changed a line on a form.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my constituent, retired Master  Gunnery Sergeant Kenneth Gilliam, a 30-year Marine Corps veteran, and  Kentucky Sixth District Veterans Coalition member retired Chief Warrant  Officer Denny Hart, who were the inspiration for this legislation.   My other bill, the Veteran STEM Scholarship Enhancement Act allows  the VA to more quickly process veteran scholarship applications for the  Edith Nourse Rogers STEM Scholarship by lifting the requirement for  priority groups among eligible veterans applying for the scholarship  unless the VA determines that it is nearing the scholarship's yearly  funding limit.   This bill also prevents the Rogers STEM scholarship from counting  toward the 48-month limit a veteran can--    Mr. Speaker, this bill also prevents the Rogers STEM  scholarship from counting toward the 48-month limit a veteran can  receive GI benefits.    I have seen veterans in my district in central and eastern Kentucky,  especially at Eastern Kentucky University, take advantage of this  important scholarship.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud of my vote for this package that delivers for  our Nation's veterans. I thank, again, my colleagues for working in a  bipartisan way to shepherd this very important package of veteran  advocacy legislation to fruition.   Once again, I thank my good friend for his distinguished service in  this body, Dr. Phil Roe. Thank you, sir. It has been an honor serving  with you on this subcommittee especially.   