 Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support  of the Maternal Health Quality Improvement Act of 2019 (H.R. 4995).  This important bill includes my legislation, the Excellence in Maternal  Health Act of 2019 (H.R. 4215), that I introduced last year with my  fellow Hoosier, Rep. Bucshon. l want to thank Rep. Engel for including  my legislation in this package. I urge my House colleagues to pass H.R.  4995 without delay.   Maternal mortality--which occurs when a woman dies during pregnancy  or within one year of delivery--is a nationwide, public health  emergency. The United States has the highest maternal death rate in the  developed world; 26 women die for every 100,000 live birth in our  country. This unacceptably high level of maternal mortality robs our  country of between 700 and 900 women from causes related to pregnancy  and childbirth.   However, this crisis does not affect all states equally. Maternal  mortality is especially devastating in states like Indiana. Our state  has the third highest maternal mortality rate in the country where,  often due to preventable complications, a staggering 43 out of 100,000  women die during or shortly after giving birth.   The maternal mortality crisis also does not affect all mothers  equally; in fact, the racial and ethnic disparities in maternal  mortality are  [[Page H4626]]  extremely stark. Nationwide, Black women are three to four times more  likely to die from maternal health complications than white women. In  Indiana, Black women are 29 percent more likely to die during  childbirth than white women, as 53 black women die per 100,000 live  births versus 41 deaths among white women. Research consistently shows  that disparities in access to quality health care, inadequate health  care training, discrimination and bias, and the lack of high-quality  integrated maternal health care continue to compound existing health  care disparities that produce the disproportionate levels of maternal  mortality among Black mothers.   That's why in August 2019, I introduced the Excellence in Maternal  Health Act of 2019 with my fellow Hoosier, Rep. Bucshon. Our bipartisan  legislation works to improve maternal health access and quality, reduce  racial and ethnic disparities and discrimination in health care  delivery, and create grant programs to implement best practices and  strengthen training for health care providers.   Specifically, our legislation provides $10 million to help develop  and enact best practices to eliminate maternal morality through  improved maternal health access and quality. Additionally, our  legislation provides $25 million over five years to establish a grant  program to train health care professionals on ways to reduce and  prevent racial discrimination in providing prenatal care, labor care,  birthing, and postpartum care. Finally, our legislation provides $15  million in grants to help states deliver integrated health care  services that reduce maternal mortality and related health disparities.   I was pleased that in November 2019, the House Energy and Commerce  Committee included our Carson/Bucshon legislation into Rep. Engel's  larger legislative package, the Maternal Health Quality Improvement Act  of 2019 and was unanimously approved by the Committee. I urge all of my  House colleagues to now pass H.R. 4995 to implement the programs and  reforms in my legislation that will help end the scourge of preventable  maternal mortality in our country and ensure the birth of a child is a  joyous and safe occasion for families across America.   