 Mr. Speaker, as the House of Representatives considers  further legislation in response to the Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID- 19) pandemic, I rise to call for the equitable distribution of federal  relief to tribal nations. Despite the dire impact this crisis has had  on tribes in my district in Central New York, these communities have  been underserved by current distribution mechanisms for federal relief.   In March, Congress passed the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic  Security (CARES) Act to address the significant public health and  economic impacts of the ongoing pandemic. Critically, this legislation  allocated $8 billion for payments to tribal nations in response to  increased expenses and revenue shortfalls caused by COVID-19. These  funds are critical to helping tribal governments maintain essential  services during this crisis, however, the population-based distribution  model currently being used by the U.S. Treasury has limited relief for  tribes in my district.   Across New York State, the COVID-19 pandemic has closed the doors of  many economic enterprises operated by tribal nations. With these  conditions likely to persist in the months ahead, tribes will face  sustained shortfalls in revenue typically used to maintain health care,  nutrition, education and public safety services for their communities.  The costs of disruption are especially dire for tribes with relatively  smaller populations, which have received limited support under the  current allocation formula for CARES Act funding despite facing a  virtual cessation of economic activity.   To address this disparity, economic impact must be accounted for in  any additional relief provided by Congress or the Administration to our  nation's tribes. For example, utilizing available information such as  employment or expenditure data would help to ensure substantive federal  support for tribes of all sizes. These efforts would represent a  critical step in ensuring the wellbeing of tribal communities in  Central New York and across the country.   