 Mr. Speaker, I have been a professor of constitutional  law for 29 years, so I know the relationship between universities and  students is sacred. We pledge to teach young people everything we know  in order to propel them to become engaged citizens, educated human  beings, and effective actors in the economy and society.   When I hear about for-profit colleges and universities ripping off  young people and their families and plunging them into debt for  unconscionable get-rich-quick schemes, it infuriates me as a  professor, as a father, and as a Member of the House of Representatives  representing the people of Maryland.    These rip-off institutions like Corinthian Colleges and ITT Technical  Institute, which collapsed last year, leaves students with crushing  debt, degrees that are not worth the paper they are printed on, and  broken promises for the future.   The Obama administration adopted the borrower defense rule to  authorize the Department of Education to provide debt relief to student  borrowers who have been defrauded by these predatory, low-rent higher  ed rip-off academies.   In Maryland, we have 3,754 students waiting for the Department of  Education to review their borrower defense claims and relieve them of  millions of dollars in loans that the American government disbursed to  predatory colleges. Secretary Betsy DeVos, who is to education what  Attorney General Barr is to justice, is not only keeping the Department  of Education from processing 240,000 defrauded borrower claims  nationwide, but she has drafted a new rule to make it nearly impossible  for students to obtain relief from fraudulent colleges as of June 2020.   Secretary DeVos wants to replace a system of higher ed with a new  system of higher debt. Under the old rule, groups of students defrauded  by a predatory college would have received an automatic loan discharge  of the debt from the rip-off institution. Under the new rule, defrauded  students would have to submit individualized evidence to the  satisfaction of the department that rip-off colleges intentionally  misrepresented degree program outcomes, quality of instruction, or job  placement opportunities. So even where these Bonnie-and-Clyde schools  clearly violated the law en masse, students can still be denied relief  if they can't prove that they were individually and intentionally  deceived, if they can't file their claim fast enough, or if they can't  document how much financial harm they have personally suffered.   Billionaire Secretary DeVos, the patron saint of the rip-off  academies, is basically telling working class kids across America that  life isn't fair, and now she is making that the law. Most victims of  the higher debt industry will never fully recover from the lost time  and opportunity, but by allowing these miseducation hucksters to rip  them off, we are implicated as a Nation, and we must not fail them  again. We must fully forgive every penny that the students were taken  on a ride for. We must overrule the DeVos rule.   