 Mr. President, the events of the last few months--what we  have been seeing in the streets and the protests and all the issues  that surround that--I think, have forced the country to grapple with  our history on the issue of race and, in particular, what we teach  young Americans about what that means and how it fits in the broader  story of America.   Is America, in fact, a nation founded on racism, one that makes our  very founding and its principles almost irredeemable? It is an  important question. You can't ask Americans or any generation to  sacrifice or defend a nation they believe is so deeply flawed, so it is  one that I think we have to talk about.   This country was founded in the year 1776, and it was founded by this  declaration that all men are created equal; that your rights come from  God, from your Creator. Now, we take those words for granted today.  They were extraordinarily radical ideas 244 years ago. Up until that  time, every person on Earth was told that your rights are whatever the  sovereign allowed you to have, whatever the King allowed you to have.  You didn't have any rights that were natural to you. So the very  principle itself was pretty radical.  [[Page S5565]]    The problem is that, from the very beginning, many people, including  those who put their name on that document, and our laws at the time did  not reflect that founding principle, and our story can largely be  summarized as the 244-year journey to more fully live up to the  promises made at our founding.   For our first 89 years as a nation, human beings were owned as  slaves. And beyond just the horrors of slavery, they were the subject  of torture, of rape, of seeing their children sold away--away from  them--never to see them again.   When that horrible institution finally came to an end, it was  followed by another hundred years of separate and unequal, where Black  Americans were told where they could live, where they could work, where  they could go to school, and more. They were told where they could eat,  where they could sit or not, where they were allowed to stay overnight.  They were even told what side of the road they would be allowed to walk  on in many parts of this country. They were denied the right to vote,  either directly or through intimidation and threats.   It was a time when, in many parts of this country, any Black man was  one false accusation away from losing his life at the hands of a lynch  mob.   This is a shameful truth, an undeniable part of our history, a stain  on our legacy as a nation. But it is not the whole story. From the very  beginning, it was clear that the promise of our founding and our  failure to live up to it--these two things could not ultimately  coexist. From the very beginning, within a year and even before the  founding of our Nation, there were already Americans working to end  slavery. Sometimes they paid for it with their lives.   Ultimately, it became the single most divisive issue in the country,  to the point that it was resolved only through a bloody civil war. For  the next hundred years, during the era of separate and unequal, it was  also Americans who worked to end segregation and Jim Crow laws,  Americans of every walk of life: little children who would brave angry  mobs to desegregate a school, the protesters and those in the streets  who faced down ``Bull'' Connor's dogs and beatings, little girls who  died when their church was bombed.   Ours is not simply the story of a people who, for 189 years, failed  to live up to the promise of America. Ours is also the story of the  Americans who ultimately succeeded in making us a nation that was  closer to who we were supposed to be.   That is why, at least for me, when they play the ``National Anthem''  and the flag that I face and put my hand over my heart to honor--that  flag--that is not the flag of slave owners; that is the flag of the  abolitionists. That is the flag of Harriet Tubman and Frederick  Douglass, who were American heroes. The flag that I pledge allegiance  to is not the flag of a segregationist. It is the flag of the Freedom  Riders, the people who made the march from Selma to Montgomery. That is  the flag of Rosa Parks and Dr. King.   Our history does not simply belong to the villains. It belongs, even  more so, to the heroes who, frankly, made us more American in each  successive generation.   I have heard in some corners people suggest that our founding  documents themselves are documents embedded in racism because I imagine  many of the people who signed it, indeed, were or did not live up to  the words they signed their names on. But that would be forgetting the  fundamental fact that every single great movement in American history-- every movement for equality in the history of this Nation--has not been  a rejection of our founding documents, has not been a rejection of our  founding principles, has not been a call to overthrow the Constitution  or the Declaration of Independence. Every one of these movements--great  movements in the history of this country towards equality--has been an  appeal to those principles, a demand that we live up to those  principles.    Dr. King said the magnificent words of the Constitution and the  Declaration of Independence--an appeal to our founding documents, which  he called a promissory note to which every American was to fall heir.   As we talk now about what is taught to our children in our schools  and in our lives, I think our children deserve to know the truth about  their country--all the truth. We must teach our children about the  times in which our Nation fell short. We must teach them about the  people responsible for our falling short. We must point to the times  even now when we fall short. That is the only way you learn the lessons  of history and the only way to avoid repeating them. But we must also  teach them that it was Americans who dedicated and even lost their  lives to end these evils.   While we are at it, we should teach them, too, about the greatness of  our country. Teach them about the young Americans who died far from  home for the freedom and the liberty of others, who lost their lives at  Iwo Jima and Guadalcanal and Normandy and the Ardennes and Chosin and  Fallujah, on San Juan Hill and in Manila Bay. Teach them also about  how, when disaster strikes anywhere on this planet, it is their country  that responds first and with the most--Fukushima, Japan, and West  Berlin; after an earthquake hit Haiti; after floods impacted Pakistan-- how it is Americans and their charities and their government that have  literally saved the lives of millions of people on the African  continent from starvation, from the ravages of HIV-AIDS. Teach them  how, on a summer night in 1969, the entire world stopped and watched  with amazement as man first stepped foot on the Moon and there planted  the flag of their country.   Our children deserve to know the truth about their country, that in  the history of mankind, there has never been a great power that has  used its means to help more people and more places than anywhere in  human history--no other great power in human history has done what the  people of this Nation have done, both individually through the monies  we give to charities and through their government. This is also true  about America.   Our children deserve to know that they are citizens not of a perfect  country but of the single greatest Nation in the history of all of  mankind. They deserve to know that they are the heirs to a 244-year  journey to achieve in one land a nation where all people are viewed as  equal under the law, whose rights come from their Creator. They deserve  to know that their country is a special one--one worth defending, one  worth protecting, and one worth passing on to the generations that will  follow them.   I yield the floor.   