 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that I be  recognized as if in morning business for such time as I shall consume.    Madam President, last week, while most of the world was  focused on our elections--myself included--and the pending results, a  very significant action was taking place halfway around the world in  Western Sahara. Simply put, Morocco chose that time--likely purposely,  when everyone was occupied doing other things--to threaten to push back  on protests by Western Saharans on their own land.    There they are. These are the protesters. These are people who owned  the land, have been there for generations, and are protesting the  problems they have with Morocco trying to eject them from their land.   It seems simple, but you have to remember how we got here. While the  status of the Sahrawi people is still in question, what we need to do  to is create a lasting solution. How we got here, as West Africa was  being decolonized, Western Sahara was clear and declared itself an  independent nation a long time ago. That was despite Morocco's attempt  to claim it as a territory.   In 1966, the United Nations General Assembly resolution agreed that a  referendum of self-determination should be held. That is a referendum  of self-determination of the people of Western Sahara. Everyone agreed  and planned to hold that in 1975.   Self-determination--merely letting the Sahrawi people decide for  themselves the imperative principle of action--the right to judge for  themselves to be independent or to be a part of Morocco.   This was just the first promise of a referendum. That was 1975. To  date, none have been kept. An International Court of Justice opinion  from 1975 also agreed that Morocco did not have sovereignty over the  land and that a referendum of self-determination should be held.  Everyone agreed. That was the second promise.   Morocco maintained its unlawful claim to their land and after  decolonization, attempted to annex the territory with force. That was  actually in 1975.   Western Sahara--officially called the Sahrawi Arab Democratic  Republic, through the Polisario, defended their rights to land.   We are talking about this area right here. Morocco is up to the  north, in Western Sahara. The independent Western Sahara land that  Morocco is trying to claim as their own is to the south of that.   After a decade of violence from Morocco, the United Nations finally  came in, in 1991, and both sides agreed to a cease-fire and a path  forward. Everyone agreed. It was called the Settlement Plan. It  solidified that Morocco and Western Sahara agreed to hold a referendum  and created the United Nations Mission for the referendum in Western  Sahara. That is called MINURSO.   For those keeping track, that was the third promise. It is worth  noting that the United Nations regularly reaffirms the 1991 commitment  to a referendum for self-determination. This is something that happens  on a regular basis.   The planned referendum in 1992 never took place, and the process  stalled through a cease-fire that was held. Morocco just wouldn't hold  up its end of the bargain.   Former Secretary of State James Baker--it is kind of interesting  because back in 1997, he tried to do this again. I can remember talking  to him--this was several years ago now, about 15 years ago--saying that  sometime we have to get this problem resolved. It has been hanging out  there for generations and decades. He said: Well, good luck. We have  tried to do everything we could do. Back at that time, he was Secretary  of State under President Bush.   He named a special envoy to Western Sahara. Baker worked the multiple  plans with Morocco and Western Sahara. He thought he could get it done.  He was a special envoy way back in 1992.   The former Secretary of State tried again in 1997. He named a special  envoy to Western Sahara. Baker worked multiple plans with Morocco and  Western Sahara again.   The most notable--the Houston Agreement--was signed by Morocco and  Western Sahara and recommitted to the referendum of self-determination,  planned for 1998. To keep track, that is the fourth time that was  promised. That was promised also by Morocco.   Morocco, recognizing they would likely lose the vote, quickly tanked  all negotiations the next year by declaring they would never accept a  referendum that included independence as an outcome, despite years of  promises.   It has been called a frozen conflict--where no outcome exists. Yet  there is no perceived active conflict. It makes it easy for the rest of  the world to forget about it. But to call this a frozen conflict makes  it seem harmless, when in reality it is anything but that.   Tens of thousands of Sahrawi people live in refugee camps, primarily  in Tindouf, Algeria. They have been forced from their homes, waiting  for a resolution for decades. Allowing this process to stall has cost  them a generation of freedom. I have been to those camps many times. I  have been there. I have seen it. I have talked to the people.   We are talking about these people here--the ones who are protesting.  That is where we have been and talked to the individuals. And they  don't give up. They continue generation after generation with the hope  that they would get their land back.   Beyond denying the Sahrawi people the right to freedom and self- determination, the Government of Morocco is trying to steal and pillage  as much as possible from the land they have unlawfully claimed. They  are stealing their natural resources, unlawfully mining and selling  valuable, critical minerals--specifically phosphate. They are illegally  fishing in the Western Sahara's waters.   And what does Morocco do with these riches? They pay millions of  dollars each year to lobbyists in Washington. Their goal? To convince  the world they are innocent and demonize the Sahrawi people.   The Moroccans believe that they can wait out the rest of the world.  They want us to forget about the human rights of these people, in this  picture, who are peacefully protesting today--right now--as we are  speaking on the floor.   They know a frozen conflict benefits them and hurts the cause of  independence. They know that they can push the boundaries of what is  acceptable. That is how we got to this point. That is why we are here  at this point now--where just a few weeks ago, while the people of  Western Sahara were peacefully protesting in Guerguerat--that is the  region. The Guerguerat region is down there. It is not even close to  Morocco. It is down to the south end of Western Sahara. It actually  comes into Mauritania down there.  [[Page S6635]]    That is the area that has the red square around it. That is what we  are talking about. That is where they are now. That is where these  people are right now.   Morocco has repeatedly attempted to use a road in this region to  transport the goods in violation of the U.N. cease-fire agreement.  Let's keep in mind, it is the U.N. cease-fire agreement. They are the  ones who are supposed to be promoting--not just protecting a cease-fire  on both sides but promoting a referendum. It was this illegal use of  the territory that Western Saharans were peacefully protesting   Rather than recognizing their rights to protest, Morocco has once  again raised a call to arms and is threatening to crush these  legitimate protesters.   In fact, I heard just the other day--3 days ago--that they have some  200 trucks coming down from Morocco down to Guerguerat--that area down  there where the peaceful protests are taking place.   Rather than recognize their right to protest, Morocco has once again  raised a called to arms and is threatening to crush these protests that  are going on.   King Mohammed of Morocco this past weekend said: ``Morocco will not  waiver in its position.'' That is in spite of what the--all the  agreements that have taken place, including the United Nations.   We are also hearing concerned reports that he is sending military  forces to the region as well as in a clear escalation. This isn't a new  problem. Morocco has been trying to illegally use the Guerguerat issue  for a long period of time.   That is the bridge that goes across from Western Sahara to  Mauritania. The problem has been there for a long period of time. It is  a concern for a couple of reasons. The first is simple. Morocco is  escalating this situation again to claim more and more land, resources,  and rights that they have no law behind them to claim. And they know  it. They are fully aware of this.   In 2017, the United States was encouraging the United Nations to send  a technical team to Guerguerat. Western Sahara welcomed this. Morocco  blocked it because they didn't want to be exposed.   The second is that no one else--no one around the world--is raising  the cause for alarm. Where is the United Nations now? They are charged  with enforcing the 1991 cease-fire agreement. Yet they are nowhere to  be found. They have been very silent, tolerating Morocco's abuse for  years and Morocco's violations of the U.N. orders.   That is why the time is now to move from this frozen conflict and  force Morocco to live up to their agreement of nearly 30 years and hold  a referendum, not in a year and not in 3 years--they are always talking  about what they are going to do out in the future--but now. Now is the  time that we can do that. We need to take steps to hold the referendum  for self-determination now.   Morocco is escalating and, left unchecked, they are going to keep  their escalation going. The result would be inevitable. We would risk  turning back to the times of open conflict. The U.N. needs to step up  now and enforce their agreement, and the world needs to prove we all  stand for our values of freedom and democracy by extending those values  to the Sahrawis. They have waited too long.   Everyone is for this agreement--everyone is. I mean, we have the  African Union, which is comprised of some 55 member states, and they  are strongly in support of this independence for the Sahrawis. We have  most of the European Community that supports the U.N. efforts. The  European Court of Justice also ruled that Western Sahara is not a part  of Morocco and that no EU economic agreements can cover Western Sahara.   In 2004, the United States and Morocco had a free-trade agreement  where they did reaffirm--and that is the United States reaffirming--the  independence of Western Sahara.   That is what is happening right now. The rest of the world is on our  side on this issue. Who does Morocco have? They have paid lobbyists.  Some of the lobbyists Morocco has employed: JPC Strategies, Third  Circle, Neale Creek--averaging over $1 million each year. In total,  they have had some 10 lobbyists since 2016. And they have actually put  in $11 million--$11 million in the Sahara. In Western Sahara, they have  nothing. They have no resources. They are the giant with all of their  lobbyists.   I made it clear earlier when I testified--and by the way, I did  something I don't think has been done before since then: As a Member of  the U.S. Senate, I testified at a House hearing that they had on this  issue way back 15 years ago. This has stalled because there is just no  money on our side. Morocco has it all.   Here is what we need to do. The time is right, and we have waited  long enough. While we were to schedule a referendum, we need the United  Nations to send a team to the Guerguerat area and confirm that Morocco  is in violation of the agreement. Everyone knows they are in violation  of the agreement. The agreement is very specific. It says that they are  there to enforce this--the United Nations. This is the key part. They  need to enforce the 1991 cease-fire agreement. This will restore faith  with all parties and make real progress in reaching a referendum.    The reason we are concerned today is that we know Morocco, right now,  is sending military equipment down to the area--some 200 trucks full of  equipment. That is why this time is right, and it is going to have to  happen.   Here they are. These are the people we are talking about. These are  the people who are peacefully protesting to keep and use the land that  is theirs and that has been theirs and that the whole world knows is  theirs. They are the victims. They deserve a referendum for separate  termination, and the U.N. is going to have to make this happen. I don't  know any other way this can happen.   First of all, they have agreed to it, and the U.N. is a party that  can put that together. We are calling on them now to go ahead and do  what they have agreed to do and end this conflict that has endured  generation after generation.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   