 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and  include any extraneous material on H. Res. 826, Expressing Disapproval  of the Trump Administration's Harmful Actions Towards Medicaid.    Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 833, I call up  the resolution (H. Res. 826) expressing disapproval of the Trump  administration's harmful actions towards Medicaid and ask for its  immediate consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the resolution.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of H. Res. 826  expressing disapproval of the Trump administration's harmful actions  toward Medicaid.   Last Thursday, the Trump administration continued through its  relentless campaign to sabotage the Affordable Care Act and its  unprecedented attack on Medicaid. Despite promising as a candidate that  he would not cut Medicaid, the Trump administration proposed just that  last week. It has issued guidance that will allow States to block grant  their Medicaid program. Just another day and another broken promise by  this President.   Unfortunately, like a lot of his other broken promises, this proposal  could have devastating consequences on the health of millions of  Americans, including those affected by the opioid epidemic.   One in five Americans have access to healthcare through Medicaid.  Block grants limit the amount of Federal dollars States receive,  forcing them to cut benefits, cut payments to doctors, and tighten  eligibility standards.   The administration's proposal is also illegal. Converting Medicaid to  a block grant would require an act of Congress. Our Republican  colleagues understand this, and that is why they included a Medicaid  block grant provision in their failed attempt to repeal the ACA.   Congressional Republicans know that block granting Medicaid is a  seismic change in the program that requires a change in the law. I  would hope that they would be concerned by this illegal action and  would join us in sending a bipartisan message of disapproval to the  Trump administration.   I would also like to refute some claims that you are likely to hear  during this debate, Mr. Speaker. First, this has nothing to do with  increasing State flexibility. It is about cutting  [[Page H871]]  Medicaid. States already have significant flexibility to design a  Medicaid program that works best for them.   You are also likely to hear that the Trump administration proposal  only applies to the Medicaid expansion population. But, again, that is  not true.   As the Kaiser Family Foundation makes clear, States could include  many low-income parents and pregnant women who currently rely on  Medicaid. Now, imagine if States would be allowed to cut pregnant women  off of their health coverage in the midst of a maternal mortality  crisis, which we now have.   At the end of this day, this illegal proposal will lead to lower  quality of care for fewer people. I encourage my colleagues to support  this resolution and reject the administration's illegal and cruel  attack on working families, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Veasey), who is a sponsor of this resolution.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Eshoo), who is the chair of our Health Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from California an  additional 30 seconds.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Rush), who chairs our Energy Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Michael F. Doyle), who chairs our Communications and  Technology Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Illinois (Ms. Schakowsky), who chairs our Consumer Protection and  Commerce Subcommittee in Congress.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Florida (Ms. Castor).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Matsui).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Massachusetts (Mr. Kennedy).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Cardenas).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Ruiz), a member of our committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Michigan (Mrs. Dingell), also a member of our committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  North Carolina (Mr. Butterfield), who is the vice chair of our Health  Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New  Jersey (Mr. Pascrell).    Mr. Speaker, I don't have any more speakers other than  myself at this time, so I am prepared to close.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume  to close.   I would urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this  resolution. And in doing so, I would like to point to some of the  whereas clauses of the actual resolution.   It points out that the President has waged an unrelenting war on  Medicaid. It says that, under President Trump's watch, the number of  uninsured children has increased, reversing years of decline, largely  as a result of substantial losses in Medicaid coverage for children.   Over a million children have lost Medicaid and CHIP coverage, and  over 750,000 adults have lost Medicaid coverage.   And I know that my colleague, the ranking member, who I respect, made  reference to pregnant women and said that they would not be included  under this block grant.   In contrast to that, I want to read something from--the American  College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists was sent a letter, and they  say, under Federal law, States must cover pregnant women earning up to  138 percent of the Federal poverty level in their Medicare programs.   Almost all States cover pregnant women beyond the Federal minimum.  Any pregnant women covered beyond this minimum are, therefore, an  optional population, and could be included in a State's block grant  demonstration program. So, the fact of the matter is that pregnant  women and postpartum women would be included in this.   Also, it says in the whereas clauses, not only the guidance that we  are trying to reverse here today that allows States to cap their  Medicaid funding through a block grant, but the President has also  proposed regulations to roll back access standards put in place to  ensure beneficiaries receive the care they need.   He also issued guidance to allow State Medicaid programs to restrict  access to prescription drugs by adopting closed formularies. He  proposed massive annual compounding cuts in Federal funding to the  program, in direct contradiction to an explicit campaign promise.   Last year, the President's budget cut Medicaid by $1 trillion. We are  going to get the President's budget next week. I would not be shocked  if he didn't cut it again by $1 trillion.   We have been seeing this war by President Trump on Medicaid in every  way, and that is why we are here today, to say this war against  Medicaid has to stop.   If the GOP claim that they support Medicaid, which oftentimes they  don't, then they should be voting for this resolution.   So I urge all my colleagues to support this resolution, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   