 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this morning we received news that the  Supreme Court has ruled in regard to our Dreamers, our Deferred Action  Childhood Arrival children, who came to America knowing no other  country, and now the Court has said that President Obama did have the  authority to establish the DACA Program and that President Trump does  not have a basis in law for ending it.   Hundreds of thousands of Dreamers now have full legal authority to  continue their lives in America--the country they know and love--and  pursue their dreams, and we must celebrate that today.    Mr. President, I appreciate the powerful words, the  passionate delivery of stories on the defense of freedom, the defense  of equality, the advance of justice, and the presentations of my  colleagues from Wisconsin and Michigan, my partner from Oregon, my  friend from Colorado, the Senator from Minnesota, and Senator Booker  from New Jersey. Their words speak to the heart of what our Nation is  about--equality, opportunity, justice, and freedom.   I will, therefore, ask that we bring this bill about equality to the  floor, that we go forward in the great tradition of this Chamber and  this Senate to debate issues that involve the opportunity for every  individual to thrive in our Nation. Time and again, we have held those  debates before. We held them in 2013 on the Employment Non- Discrimination Act.   Now, I understand some colleagues have come to the floor to object to  this Senate's entertaining such an important debate. They have come to  the floor to obstruct the opportunity of this Chamber to engage in a  dialogue on this important issue--so violent to the life of millions of  Americans. I ask them to reconsider.   Have the courage to debate this issue on the floor--to bring, in the  great tradition of this country, an issue violent to freedom to be  considered here.   One colleague responded to the Supreme Court's decision on employment  nondiscrimination earlier this week by saying: This judicial rewriting  of our law short-circuited the legislative process and the authority of  the electorate. Well, let no Member of the Senate today short circuit  the legislative process by objecting to this important debate on the  floor of the Senate.    On behalf of equality and opportunity and freedom, I ask unanimous  consent that the Judiciary Committee be discharged from further  consideration of H.R. 5 and the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration. Further, that the bill be considered read a third time  and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and  laid upon the table.    Madam President, I am disappointed that my colleagues  have come to the floor to stand in the way of a debate, in this  esteemed Chamber, over issues of freedom, issues of opportunity, and  issues of equality that affect millions of LGBTQ Americans.   What did we hear in their conversation? My colleague from Utah says  there is no chance for debate. Has my colleague forgotten that bringing  a bill to the floor brings it to debate? Is that such a lost art in the  Senate that my colleague thinks debating a bill on the floor somehow  squelches debate? It is a mystery to me how one can make the argument  that bringing a bill to the floor kills debate.   My colleague from Oklahoma laments there is no committee action.  Well, my colleague might be reminded that for 400 days this party has  controlled whether or not there is committee action on this bill; that  it is the majority that decides whether a committee addresses the  issues before it. Is not 400 days of inaction in committee an argument  to have the conversation here as a committee of the whole? Isn't that  what we are asking for--a committee of the whole to debate these key  issues?   My colleagues have also referred to how somehow this bill affects  religious rights, and I am taken back through the history of the  conversation and dialogue about equality and opportunity in America,  how every time we seek to end discrimination, someone says: But wait-- religious rights.   Remember that this was the argument against Black and Brown Americans  having equality here in the United States of America because their  religion said they are not equal and they shouldn't be let in the door  and I should have the right to not let them in the door.   I should have the right to discriminate. Isn't that the conversation  we heard around the opportunity for women in America to play a full  role in our society, that people had a religious foundation for  discriminating between men and women? Well, I tell you that this  Nation, although imperfect, was founded on a vision that everyone is  created equal and has a full chance to participate.   We have worked over hundreds of years to get toward the goal that  every child can thrive in America, no matter their gender, no matter  the color of their skin, no matter if they are identified as gay,  lesbian, or bisexual, no matter if they are transgender. That is the  conversation we should be having here.   I feel the injury of a Senate that is no longer a Senate, where  people tremble in their seats over the idea of having a debate. What  has happened to this esteemed body that that should be the case?  [[Page S3085]]    So let us not rest. For those colleagues across the aisle who have  said that the Supreme Court shouldn't have acted this week, that it  should be the legislature that acts, and yet come to the floor and  don't argue--fail to argue--that we should, in fact, act, isn't that  obstruction of the legislative process?   I would encourage my colleagues who say that there are important  issues to be considered to go to their leadership and say ``Let's get  the committee that has this bill, the Equality Act, to start doing its  job: Hold the hearings; hold the conversation'' because to fail to  argue that it should be done in committee while you lament on the floor  that the committee hasn't acted is certainly an argument with no  integrity.   I yield the floor.   