 Madam President, I think each person in this body  recognizes the importance of small business to our economy and to our  way of life. Small businesses are called the job creator in our  economy. They create more jobs than larger companies. They provide  innovative ways in order to move forward on our economy. They can  figure out better ways to do things more efficiently, meeting the needs  of the people of our community.   They are also more vulnerable. They don't have access to the type of  capital that larger companies have. They don't have the resiliency. So  when COVID-19 struck, we recognized--those of us in the Senate and the  House recognized that we had to take special effort to protect the  economic viability of the small businesses in our country. They did not  have the reserve capital and they did not have the resiliency to deal  with this prolonged downturn in our economy.  [[Page S2534]]    Eight weeks ago, we came together, Democrats and Republicans, by a  96-to-0 vote and passed the CARES Act. I was proud that a significant  part of the CARES Act responded to the needs of small businesses.   We had a working group, a bipartisan working group. Senator Rubio,  the chairman of the Small Business and Entrepreneurship Committee--I am  the ranking Democrat--we were joined by Senator Shaheen and Senator  Collins, and we worked in an expedited way in order to see what we  could do to help small businesses get through COVID-19.   The CARES Act provides new opportunities for us to help small  businesses during this unprecedented disaster. We passed the PPP  program, the Paycheck Protection Program, and provided $660 billion of  help for America's small businesses.   I want to compliment the men and women at the Small Business  Administration and at Treasury for putting this program together  literally overnight, and today 4.3 million loans have been given under  this program that didn't exist just 8 weeks ago.   There are $513 billion in loans under the Paycheck Protection  Program. That is quite an accomplishment, but there are challenges.  There are challenges with any new program, but this program has major  concerns. When we passed the program, we thought that 8 weeks later,  our economy would be performing at a much higher level than it is  today. We need to revisit that.   A second program that we modified and changed was the Economic Injury  Disaster Loan Program. We provided an additional $50 billion of funds  for the EIDL loans so that the Small Business Administration, which  makes direct loans, could provide $360 billion of additional loans to  small businesses.   The EIDL Program works with the PPP program. The PPP program covers  payroll for 8 weeks, plus some additional expenses. The EIDL Program  provides working capital so small businesses that have been impacted by  COVID-19 can stay afloat.   Here, the results are nowhere near as promising. Only 252,000 loans  have been issued under the EIDL loan program for under $25 billion. As  I pointed out earlier, they have the capacity for $360 billion. It has  been very slow at the SBA in issuing EIDL loans.   Then we provided for grants under the EIDL Program. Initially, we  provided $10 billion, and we increased that to $20 billion. Yet the  number of loans that have been issues or grants that have been issued  under EIDL--a little over a million--a little over $10 billion. But  this program has not operated as we intended. We wanted these grants to  be given within 3 days--we put that in the statute--and we certainly  didn't expect that the average loan would be between $4,000 and $5,000  when we gave grants up to $10,000. So challenges exist on both the loan  and grant program under EIDL.   Then we provided debt relief for those who have micro-loans or 7(a)  loans or 504 loans under the SBA--6 months of relief--and, quite  frankly, we don't know a lot about how that program has been working.  We don't have much information about it.   That is what we did 8 weeks ago and then supplemented it with some  additional funds. What should we do now? The Senate has not finished  its work as it relates to helping the small businesses of America. We  still have work we need to do.   First and foremost, we need to have transparency and data related to  how these programs are working. Expediency does not excuse transparency  and accountability. Yes, we wanted to get the money out quickly, and we  got the money out quickly under the PPP program. That was our desire.  But we need to have transparency, and we need to have accountability.   We need to get the geographical information, including how many loans  can be given in the traditionally underserved communities--minority  businesses, women-owned businesses, veteran-owned businesses, the rural  community, and the smaller of the small businesses. We need to get  information by the size of the business, the number of employees they  have, the industries, and the lender types. We need to get the numbers  on how much has gone to the nonprofit community and to affiliates and  those under the NIC code exception.   All that is information we need to have in order to carry out our  responsibilities in the Senate. And, yes, we need to get information  from the Small Business Administration and from Treasury so that we can  properly prepare for additional resources that may be needed in order  to fund these programs.   This is not a new request that I have made. On April 17, I joined  with Senator Schumer, Senator Shaheen, and Senator Wyden in a letter to  Secretary Mnuchin and Administrator Carranza asking for this  information to be made available on a regular basis. To date, we have  still not gotten that detailed information.   So I filed legislation in order to mandate that that data be  provided, much of that on a daily basis. We tried to get a UC on it,  and we could not do that, but we had certain promises that information  would be made available.   We are still not getting the granular information that is necessary  for us to properly evaluate this program. We need to get that  information. We need to have transparency. We have to have  accountability. You have heard about the highly visible loans that were  made that were given back by the pro-basketball team and by the larger  public corporations. We need to see exactly how the money was  allocated.   Then there is a second thing we need to do in addition to getting the  data and having transparency. We need to have a hearing in the Small  Business and Entrepreneurship Committee with Administrator Carranza  being there answering questions from the members of the authorizing  committee as to how this program is working.   We have to have that public hearing, and, quite frankly, Senator  Rubio, the chairman of the committee, has been trying to get that for  us, and he has been rebuffed by the SBA. That is not acceptable. We  need to have a public hearing. I support Senator Rubio's request that  we schedule this hearing. It should have been scheduled by now. We  should have already had this hearing, but we are scheduling it for the  week we return, the week of June 1, and I hope Administrator Carranza  will adhere to the request of both the chairman and ranking member to  be here to answer questions about these programs.   We have a responsibility. We have appropriated over $700 billion. We  have a responsibility to conduct an adequate oversight hearing on how  those funds are being used.   We need to do more than that. We also need to recognize what is going  to be the next step and what is going to come next. I will tell you,  there are certain things that can be done administratively. Some might  require the action of Congress, but some things can be done  administratively, and we need to get that done as quickly as possible.   One of the things we need to get done is to make sure that the  underserved community gets adequate resources. When we reauthorized the  extra $310 billion for the PPP program, we allocated $60 billion to  smaller financial institutions, and that was a step in the right  direction. I noticed that Secretary Mnuchin mentioned in a hearing this  week that he was amenable to allocating additional monies to the CDFIs.  We need to allocate at least $10 billion to the CDFIs and the minority  depository institutions in order for the resources to be targeted to  the underserved and the underbanked community. But, quite frankly, I  think we need to do even more than that.    I have introduced legislation with Senator Booker that will help to  develop the financial institutions in the underserved, underbanked  communities. It will strengthen the abilities of those communities to  have institutions in place that can help deal with the credit gap in  the underserved communities. Our legislation would also strengthen the  SBA tools that serve the underserved communities. We believe all of  this can be done to help strengthen our commitment, which was in the  CARES Act, to make sure that all communities are fairly treated with  the tools that we made available.   Another thing that we can do immediately is to get the data. That  information can be made available now. I noticed that Secretary Mnuchin  has tried to help us get certain data, but we are still not where we  need to be. We need to get that information now.  [[Page S2535]]    Another thing we can do--and, quite frankly, I think there is  bipartisan support and a willingness on behalf of the administration-- is to deal with returning citizens who were denied any ability to  participate in the PPP program. My goodness, for a person who has paid  their debt to society, who has returned to the community, who is  working a small business, should we say no, we are not going to help  them survive? They have enough challenges out there. We certainly don't  want to take away their ability to take advantage of tools that are  available to all Americans in order to help their small businesses. I  believe there is bipartisan support for this, and we hope that we will  be able to get that done administratively. After all, the restrictions  were imposed administratively. They can be removed administratively.   Then there is another issue that we need to deal with immediately,  and that is the 8-week restriction that is in the PPP program. It was  well intended when we passed it. It was based on the dollars that were  available, and we thought that after 8 weeks, by June, we would see our  economy back performing at a level in which small businesses could be  expected to be able to do well. Well, that is clearly not the case. We  now need to provide additional help to small businesses as it relates  to the 8-week period.   We can do that. We recognize that. The monies have already been  appropriated. This does not really require any additional funding, but  it will allow us to give small businesses the opportunity to spend the  money over a longer period of time. Why? Because their businesses  aren't open. The 8 weeks started the day they got the loan. Yet today  they are still not at full operation, and some are not at any  operation.   So I was pleased to see that the House acted on this by extending  this to 24 weeks. I hope that we could find common ground, because I  think there is support on both sides of the aisle and with the  administration to give greater discretion on that 8-week period so that  it is a longer period of time and so that the small businesses have the  opportunity to spend the funds that are under the loan in a way that  they can get maximum forgiveness of that loan, which will also require  us to extend the June 30 date for those businesses that need extra time  in order to bring their workers back.   I think there is general agreement on this. I hope that we can act  this week on that provision, because by the time we come back after  recess, the very first loans that have been issued under the PPP  program will have reached their 8-week period, where loan forgiveness  applications are going to start to be processed. We need to act before  that date. There is a sense of urgency. We need to get that done this  week, if at all possible, and we should work to try to get that done.   Let me also point out that, even when we fix the problems with these  programs--and I hope that by oversight we can get the EIDL Program  working properly and get those loans out there--we can increase the  size of the EIDL grants, get more information about the loan  forgiveness, and get the PPP program working in all communities,  including the underserved communities, giving more flexibility to  businesses on the 8-week period.   We are going to need additional help. Eight weeks of payroll help is  not going to be enough for many small businesses. So as we start to  consider the next round, I hope that we will look at a program that is  targeted to the small businesses that need the help the most.   When we passed the bill 8 weeks ago, our objective was to get money  out quickly, and we succeeded in doing that. It was successful. Now we  need to look at those small businesses that have the greatest need. We  need to target it to those that have had significant revenue losses. We  need to target it to the underserved communities. We need to target it  to the smaller of the small businesses. If we can target the program  properly, the cost will be much less than the original cost, and we can  save businesses that otherwise would have a hard time surviving.   The key to what we did is that we worked together. It was bipartisan  from the beginning. We need to do that again. Our small businesses, our  workers, and our economy depend upon our getting this right. I look  forward to working with my colleagues in order to get this done   With that, I yield the floor.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   