 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good chairwoman for yielding the  time and my good friend on the other side from Hawaii, one of my  brother States, for this piece of legislation; Congresswoman Bonamici  for a very bipartisan bill with Senator Roger Wicker, Dan Sullivan,  involved in this legislation. It has been hard work, dedication to our  coasts, our oceans, and the Great Lakes.   Mr. Speaker, we sometimes forget, we hear a lot about climate change,  et cetera, but one of the biggest challenges we have is the condition  of our oceans and how we can clean it up, but only keep that in your  mind so maybe we can go forth in the future to really solve some of  these problems, especially with the plastics.   This bill, which includes technical changes implemented by the  Senate, would reauthorize the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation  System Act through the fiscal year of 2024.   The 11 regional association networks of the Integrated Ocean  Observing System work with regional partners to develop, operate, and  maintain more than 300 observing assets that collect oceanographic and  coastal data, including information about rising sea levels, coastal  flooding, and harmful algal blooms.   This program is a simple system with multiple uses.   I will say that a cost-effective approach of fulfilling this Nation's  need for coastal data is very important.   The data from these systems enables the Coast Guard to reduce the  size of their search areas by two-thirds. The data is also used for  tracking oil spills, providing mariners with sea state conditions, and  for ship detection.   During the Deepwater Horizon oil spill, IOOS regions responded by  deploying high-frequency radars and underwater gliders to the region to  assist with monitoring the spill. IOOS data standards enabled the  Federal command center to use non-Federal sources of data for the first  time. NOAA's Office of Response and Restoration now routinely uses this  data in their oil spill response.   It also provides core observations for water level, waves, winds, et  cetera, and it helps to protect against flooding and surges of the sea.   Mr. Speaker, this is a good, bipartisan piece of legislation. I hope  it will save lives.   We just had an instance in Haines, Alaska, where huge waves and rain  destroyed a lot of our coastal areas. That just happened yesterday.  This will help us try to make sure that we would have known that ahead  of time.   It will save us money.   I would really like to congratulate everybody here on a bipartisan  piece of legislation. It is long overdue. We will get the problems  solved with oceans.   This is a good piece of legislation, and I urge my colleagues to  support it.   Miss GONZALEZ-COLON of Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for yielding. I am  going to miss Mr. Bishop, his work, his being a gentleman and a good  friend as the years have gone by. I have been through 3,452 Members of  Congress, and he is one of the good ones.   I thank Congressman Case and Senator Dan Sullivan for this  legislation. I know there is some opposition to it, but in Alaska, NOAA  plays a very important role. They do navigation, all types of flood  control. I can name all the things they do. They monitor fish stocks.   They manage the tsunami warnings. We have some really good  earthquakes in Alaska and some pretty good waves. They give us a  warning system that makes it work, and it works very well.   They work on the Sea Grant program, provides highly qualified fellows  who are very important. In fact, I think I have hired four in my career  and they have worked in my office. They are outstanding young people.   This is a piece of legislation that is bipartisan. It is badly  needed. There will be some people who say we don't need it. And I will  give NOAA notice right now that sometimes they better wake up. They use  an excuse of the flu for not monitoring our fish stocks. In that case,  then, they should have gone out and gotten private people to do it for  them, because we need that constant flow of information to make sure we  don't overfish or underfish the stocks.   So, NOAA, wake up a little bit.   