 Madam Speaker, I want to thank Chairman Pallone for his  leadership of our committee with respect to all of these bills,  particularly the health bills we are talking about today, and, also,  Ranking Member Walden. As you know, many of these are bipartisan. They  reflect the input and work of Members over a period of years.   I am very pleased that H.R. 2075, the School-Based Health Centers  Reauthorization Act, is on the floor today. I introduced this bill with  our colleagues, Representatives Stefanik, Tonko, and Upton. I want to  thank them for their work and the bipartisan dimension of this effort.   This would reauthorize, as was indicated, Federal support for school- based health centers through 2024. These are institutions that provide  critical primary and mental health services to vulnerable children and  youth.   ``Institutions'' may not be the best word. Teams of professionals, I  think, is how you describe these school-based health centers across the  country.   These health centers really marshal response to the needs of young  people in schools in a way that you really can't replicate anywhere  else in the community. That is why they are so vital.   They offer comprehensive healthcare to youth, delivering it in a  setting where they already spend, obviously, much of their time, a  captive audience, in a sense. Let's take advantage of that and provide  the services that they need.   There are 80 school-based health centers in the State of Maryland--I  am familiar with many of them, having visited a number--and over 2,500  of them nationwide that serve 6.3 million students. Many of these  school-based health centers provide care to underserved communities. In  fact, over a third of them are located in rural areas.   What the research shows us is that, when a student has access to a  school-based health center, we see a decrease in negative outcomes,  such as asthma morbidity and the rate of hospital admissions, while  educational outcomes, such as school performance and graduation rates,  increase.    Now, of course, the services that school-based health centers provide  are needed more than ever, given the coronavirus pandemic. Young people  are grappling with uncertainty and changes to their lives, and being  able to receive care in a familiar and supportive setting is critically  important.   Again, I thank my colleagues for their support of this, and I urge  all of the Members to support this bill.   