 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    I reserve the balance of my time, Madam Speaker.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Madam Speaker, I was here on the floor yesterday evening to debate  the amendments under the Energy and Commerce Committee's jurisdiction  that were airdropped into this Transportation and Infrastructure bill.  This is another one. Although the intent is good, it is a terrible  amendment because it didn't go through regular order. The committee of  jurisdiction didn't get a chance to understand it and debate it, and I  will explain why.   My constituents get tired of process arguments, and also a lot of  Members get tired of that. We used to have some very powerful  committees in this institution, and Members would develop subject- matter expertise through the years of hearings and detail-focused  markups. When we moved bills through regular order it would help avoid  unintended consequences above bad public policy, and this amendment is  another example of bad public policy.   So while I appreciate the well-meaning sentiments behind the  sponsors, including the emphasis the amendment places on prioritizing  communities who cannot afford lead pipe replacements, the way this  amendment is drafted leaves me with many questions about how it  operates and that it won't actually result in the claims of its  sponsors.   First, the amendment authorizes a brand-new comprehensive lead  program, which is not well-defined, on top of the existing lead  reduction program which is defined. I am sure my colleagues don't even  know we have a lead reduction program right now under current law.   We know the existing lead reduction program contains education and  lead service line replacements. All we know  [[Page H3033]]  about the comprehensive lead program is that it pays to remove lead  service lines. This seems like less but calling it comprehensive  certainly suggests more.   In addition, this amendment authorizes $4.5 billion per year for both  programs. Does this mean $4.44 billion is supposed to go to the new,  undefined comprehensive program and $60 million to the existing defined  lead reduction program?   Are they supposed to be treated equally?   On the question of funding, the amount authorized to be spent in 1  year is 300 percent more than the entire amount of Federal funding for  major drinking water aid programs. It is actually about one-half of the  EPA's entire annual budget.   The regular lead reduction program which was authorized at $60  million per year and took 4 years to establish is now just starting to  award funds. Since the comprehensive program is a separate program, we  can expect this program to take longer to get going, but in reality,  pushing this unprecedented level of funding out the door might be  aspirational rather than realistic. That would be a shame for those  communities who need it most.   Second, the amendment waives any requirements for matching funds from  the water systems or communities that obtain them. On top of that, this  amendment waives any requirement for any person to pay for replacement  of their personally-owned portion of lead service lines, whereas the  existing program waives this expense for low-income people. This means  people who have the financial resources to afford their own  replacements don't have to use them at all because the new  comprehensive program will pick up the check for them. That is not very  progressive. Compensating the wealthy for these replacements both now  and in the future is an especially harsh consequence for U.S.  taxpayers, but that is what this amendment does.   Flint was a failure at all levels, and it happened because of money  in politics. The city of Flint wanted off Detroit water because they  felt they were being gouged on their rates.   The city council set an artificial political deadline for transition  that wasn't based on the engineering needs of the system's water  chemistry.   The State cut the city slack because the city was in receivership and  didn't pursue enforcement.   EPA was aware of the high-level readings but minimized their impact  to avoid causing a panic and slowed-walked the legal response.   The biggest problem was that no one told the public.   Flint suffered because of that, and the people living in the most  neglected areas of Flint suffered the most.   So while this amendment guarantees priority funding for cities and  water utilities for low-income folks, this amendment does not mandate  that these households get their lead service lines replaced first or  that they target the worst contamination. Let me repeat that. Under  this amendment, you can be the reason your city or utility gets moved  to the front of the line, but that city does not have to replace the  poorest and most dangerous lead service lines.   This is another example of why we shouldn't stick safe drinking water  amendments on a transportation bill. It bastardizes the process and  creates poor public policy like this amendment.   I ask for a ``no'' vote.   In fact, Chairman DeFazio in the Rules Committee once said: I have no  idea what these amendments mean because I had no jurisdiction on this  process.   So with that, Madam Speaker, vote ``no'' on this very poorly drafted  amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.   