 Mr. Speaker, we are here today because my Democratic  colleagues have created a conspiratorial crisis out of thin air in  another attempt to dupe Americans with an election hoax. Only this  time, instead of Russia, it is the United States Postal Service.   Democrats are intentionally misleading people to believe that the  operational changes at the Postal Service,  [[Page H4280]]  including the removal of mailboxes and antiquated processing equipment,  just started. That is a lie. Nonetheless, Postal Service officials have  confirmed that these operational changes, some of which were agreed to  by Democrat Members, have already been halted until after the election.   In regard to the delay and delivery of mail over the last few weeks,  the national number cited may well reflect delays in cities that have  been under siege by anarchists. I will direct my colleagues and the  American people's attention to these photos of the burned-out post  office in Minneapolis. There is no way to know how many letters to  loved ones were lost, or birthday cards or gifts or family heirlooms or  that decoder ring that that kid had been waiting for were destroyed and  will never be delivered.   I am certain because of the lawlessness that the Democrats are  dangerously silent about, the delivery of mail in Portland, Seattle,  Chicago, New York, and Minneapolis, and other cities have been delayed.   You want to talk defunding? Instead of Democrat mayors defunding the  police, I would submit that we need to make sure that law enforcement  in every American city is well funded so that they can protect not just  the post office facilities that handle our mail, but also the people  who deliver our mail so that those cards, letters, gifts, and election  ballots can be delivered.   Instead of pushing a conspiracy farce, we should be here making sure  that law enforcement has the resources needed to protect the property  and lives of American families in these cities that are under siege.  That will help make sure the mail is delivered on time, and people will  feel safe in getting it from the mailbox or the post office.   In that regard, the silence of the Democrats in this Chamber is  deadly.   