 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to discuss the  President's historic choice for the U.S. Supreme Court. The President  has nominated Judge Amy Coney Barrett of the Seventh Circuit Court of  Appeals. She would fill the vacancy left by the passing of Ruth Bader  Ginsburg.   This is a powerful and positive appointment by President Trump. Judge  Barrett is a brilliant jurist. She has a stellar record, and she has a  solid character. She will serve as a role model for an entire  generation in the legal profession.   She has already been vetted by the Senate. She was vetted and  received bipartisan support when she was confirmed 3 years ago to her  current court position. Well, that is the definition of ``highly  qualified.''   She embodies the qualities the American people want in a Justice.  Now, the American people want fair Justices. They want Justices who  know that their job is to apply the law, not legislate from the bench.   That is what people in my home State of Wyoming talked about this  past weekend, when I was visiting at home with the people of Wyoming.  They want Judge Barrett, and she is committed, through her time in the  legal profession and on the bench, to these very values.   So here in the Senate, in this body, we have a job to do, and it is  to offer advice and consent.   We will hold fair hearings, and we will hold a timely floor vote on  Judge Barrett's nomination.   My colleagues on the other side of the aisle don't seem to feel the  same way about this process. In fact, they have already announced their  opposition to the nominee--regardless of how qualified this nominee is  who is before us, regardless of the vacancy that exists on the Court,  regardless of the spectacle that the American people saw 2 years ago  with the confirmation of Judge Kavanaugh.   The Senate minority leader has made his position clear. He appears to  be so disturbed by the prospect of a constitutional jurist on the bench  that he is willing to upend the core institutions of our Nation.   The Democratic Senators are calling on their colleagues to pack the  Court--to add two more liberal, activist Justices to the Supreme Court.   One Senator tweeted about it this weekend. That is, of course, what  they plan to do if they win the White House, the House, and the Senate  in the November elections. Now, this would deliver partisan decisions  that make law but don't apply the law.   Now, for Vice President Biden in the Presidential debate last night,  he refused to answer a specific, direct question about this very topic.  He refused to reject a position that Democrats are holding that is  highly unpopular and highly divisive.   And now adding members to the Supreme Court--you know who said that  was a bad idea? Well, it was Ruth Bader Ginsburg. She said nine members  is the right number; that it works. People shouldn't try to add to  that. It would be seen as partisan, political. And, of course, that  number has been in place since 1869.   Last year, in an interview, she said that nine was the right number.  So this isn't something she said a long time ago. It was just last year  in an interview with National Public Radio.   Democrats aren't going to listen to her. Senior Democrats appear  determined to remake the Senate and destroy the Supreme Court in the  process.   The radical left sees Judge Barrett simply as collateral damage. She  is an obstacle to be overcome, no matter the cost. That is why she is  being attacked for her faith--for being an active member of her church,  for participating fully.   She is being attacked as a mother, being attacked for her religious  beliefs. The far left, in their haste to attack the judge, never  mention that she has seven children. Now, two of those seven children  were adopted from Haiti. One of her children has special needs. Judge  Barrett is a full-time caregiver, as well as a public servant. She  understands the importance of healthcare. She understands how precious  life is. She is an outstanding nominee.   Two years ago, we considered another nominee for the Supreme Court.  Democrats dragged him through the mud. We witnessed a gangland  character assassination. I wouldn't be surprised if we see the same  thing happen again, and the far left is already demanding it.   They are demanding that mud continue to be thrown at this nominee  until it sticks--something, anything to undermine her character and to  undermine her credibility.   Now, I might remind my friends what the outcome of that seek-and- destroy mission was the last time. Justice Kavanaugh's family was put  through the meat grinder, and Republicans stood by him. He was  confirmed by the Senate and sits on the Supreme Court.   The Senate and the American people will not stand for more political  gains.  [[Page S5912]]  We will not accept the dirty tricks that the far left is going to  continue to try to pull.   Chairman Lindsey Graham has promised a fair process in the Judiciary  Committee. The majority leader has indicated full and fair  consideration on the Senate floor. We will not yield an inch to the  mob.   Let me be even clearer. If Democrats continue to smear this  outstanding nominee, this mother of seven, this woman of faith, it is  going to backfire on them again. They continue such stunts at their own  peril.   After the Kavanaugh confirmation devolved into a circus, Democrats  lost seats in the Senate, and they lost credibility with the public.   The American people expect fairness. They demand it for the highest  Court in the land, and Senate Republicans will ensure it. We will  ensure Judge Barrett is fairly treated. She deserves dignity and  respect, and we will ensure that she is heard   Amy Coney Barrett appears to have all the qualities I look for in a  Supreme Court Justice. She is a model of integrity, intelligence, and  of judicial independence. She is highly qualified for the role to which  she is nominated, and she will receive a fair vote in the U.S. Senate.   I yield the floor.   