 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Rules Committee's  motion and passage of the underlying bill, H.J. Res. 76, which will  block Secretary Betsy DeVos' antistudent borrower defense rule.   Over the last 5 years, for-profit college chains have, without  warning, closed their doors on enrolled students who had paid their  tuition--Corinthian College, ITT Tech, Dream Center, and Education  Management Corporation--as have smaller schools like Ridley-Lowell in  New London, Connecticut, which shut its doors midterm without notice on  a school day 2 years ago.   In 1993, Congress created the borrower defense rule through the  Higher Education Act to relieve student loan debt for student victims  of fraud. Now, we have a Secretary of Education who wants to gut that  law by making students whose classes, diplomas, and certificates have  been terminated have to jump through a ridiculous maze of hoops before  they can get what Congress intended back in 1993 and what the Obama  administration was actually implementing--namely, justice--a complete  discharge of student loan debt on the basis that students were victims  of fraud.   The convoluted explanation that the DeVos Department used to deny  discharge is a smokescreen for the administration's blatant bias in  favor of for-profit colleges.   One group that sees the harm that the Education Department will do  with the new rule is, surprisingly to some, The American Legion,  America's oldest and largest veterans organization. As the National  Commander stated recently, thousands of student veterans have been  targeted and defrauded over the years by some of these rip-offs and  have lost precious GI Bill benefits as a result.   As the commander states: ``The rule, as currently written, is  fundamentally rigged against defrauded borrowers of student loans,  depriving them of the opportunity for debt relief that Congress  intended to afford them under the Higher Education Act.''   Mr. Speaker, this Chamber should heed The American Legion, stand up  for student veterans and all students, and vote for H.J. Res. 76.   