 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the coronavirus continues to challenge  our Nation in extraordinary ways that were unimaginable a few weeks  ago. Our public health systems are coming under enormous strain. Our  hospitals and other medical facilities lack the necessary supplies and  resources. As measures to isolate the public broaden, workers are  filing for unemployment at unprecedented rates. Small businesses are on  the brink of collapse. American families are desperately in need of  support until they can resume their normal lives.   I have heard from these people and the people who are isolated. I  have heard from people who have sick loved ones in nursing homes and  can't enter to see them. I have heard from small business people who  struggled their whole lives to build a small business, and it finally  looks like it is beginning to succeed, and they may be wiped out.    The urgency of doing something now is so important. Both parties in  Congress must work together as swiftly as possible to get something  done that is as big and bold as possible. This is one of the worst  crises America has faced. The American people need help fast.   Senator McConnell has proposed what is now the third phase of  legislation to confront the coronavirus. We are all eager to work in a  bipartisan way to quickly get another bill to the President's desk. But  at the moment, the McConnell bill is inadequate. Leader McConnell's  proposal does not do nearly enough to address the public health crisis  in terms of hospitals, medical supplies, beds, doctors, nurses, and  measures to ensure that Americans can access and afford coronavirus  treatment.   The bottom line is very simple: If we don't deal with the health  crisis, nothing we do will make the economy any better. So that is No.  1.   If we don't have help for our hospitals, many small ones are going to  close. Rural ones will close. Big ones will have real trouble. We must  do something. Yet there is nothing in Leader McConnell's bill to help  hospitals. Now we are told we may do it later in a supplemental. Later  is no good. We need a Marshall Plan for hospitals right now.   Local governments that are also on the frontlines need to get dollars  in their pockets. Many of them will go broke.   Leader McConnell's proposal is also skewed in favor of corporations  rather than the workers and families who urgently and much more acutely  feel the pain of reduced hours and unemployment. Leader McConnell's  proposal includes a few ideas that shouldn't be included at all, such  as tax cuts for multinational corporations and restrictions on paid  sick leave that Congress just expanded.   This morning, Democratic ranking members of six committees met with  the Republican chairs of corresponding committees to hear the rationale  behind the McConnell bill and to begin a bipartisan dialogue. Democrats  will soon respond with policies we believe must be included in the  legislation and things that we don't think belong in this legislation.   Our goal is twofold: Address the public health crisis now, and put  workers first as we do it.   Democrats want to do as much as possible to prepare our healthcare  system for the growing storm it faces, and we want to help the working  Americans who are most immediately affected by the economic slowdown  and help them in real and significant ways. In that respect, Democrats  have five important priorities that I will speak about now, among  others. We have many other priorities as well. We are sending all of  our priorities over to the Republicans soon enough.  [[Page S1866]]    No. 1, America needs a Marshall Plan for hospitals and our public  health infrastructure. In a few weeks, hospitals could be overrun with  patients, and there will still be a great shortage of gloves, masks,  ICU beds, ventilators, and especially testing. To cite just one  example, the two biggest hospitals in Albany--Albany Medical Center and  St. Peter's Health Partners--announced they are suspending testing in  order to conserve the few they have for healthcare workers and high- risk patients. Access to tests continues to be a problem in other  places throughout my State as well.   There is great shortage of equipment. The story that rings in my ear  is that certain places that have the tests don't have the swabs so they  can undertake the tests. We are short of supplies up and down the line.  It is masks. It is protective clothing and gear. It is beds. It is  doctors and nurses themselves. We have to do more. We need a Marshall  Plan right now for our healthcare system.   Two weeks ago, 3, 4 weeks ago, many of us were talking about the  problem that testing--the lack of good testing was about to occur. Many  of us said 3 weeks ago, 4 weeks ago, that if we don't have these tests,  everything is going to go down the drain. No one listened--at least no  one in the administration--until recently. Well, we are saying now that  in 2, 3 weeks, our hospital situation will be the same. It will be  massive and deeply in trouble. That is why we need to act now--not  later with a supplemental but now.   We also need to dramatically increase unemployment insurance--what we  are calling employment insurance. It is really unemployment insurance  on steroids. But it helps people furloughed from their jobs, so we call  it employment insurance. Why do we need it? Because so many workers  have been forced home and are prevented from working regular hours. If  you work in a restaurant and there are no customers, you are not going  to work. The boss you worked for and worked so well with for years  can't afford to pay you.   To go on existing unemployment insurance won't work. It is hard to  access. It doesn't cover a whole lot of people. Furthermore, it does  not pay back workers the full wages they were earning. We need to  change all three of those things so that, No. 1, every worker who is  unemployed gets a paycheck equal to what they were earning before this  crisis, paid for by the Federal Government. That way, the business-- small, medium, large--can put them on furlough, and then, when the  crisis is over, they are back. There is money in their pockets. No  workers, no family, no one should lose a paycheck or go into financial  ruin as a result of the coronavirus. This is a very important  provision.   I talk to people all across my State and the country, and when they  hear about it, they love it. It is not giving money to everybody. There  are some people, thank God, who are still employed, but there are many,  many people who have lost their jobs, and one check, when they may be  out of their jobs for 3, 4, 5 months, isn't going to be enough.  Unemployment insurance gives money the whole period of time the crisis  exists at your present salary level and covers just about everyone. It  makes the most sense of any program that I have heard in dealing with  those who are losing their jobs, and it helps in terms of dealing with  stimulating the economy because we will bring the economy back to where  it was. All these unemployed people will be getting paid the same  amount of money.    Third, paid sick leave is a must. We need to be expanding paid sick  leave, not restricting it, as this current proposal suggests. Senators  Murray and Gillibrand, working in conjunction with their colleague  Congresswoman DeLauro in the House, put together a good bill. It should  be in this big proposal.   Fourth, we need to put our workers first. If we are going to consider  bailing out industries, they cannot then be allowed to turn around and  cut jobs, cut wages, cut benefits. They cannot be allowed to use the  money for stock buybacks. They cannot be allowed to give salary  increases to executives. Phase 3 needs to put workers first, period.  These are our values.   Finally, we need to rescue small businesses. Many of them have been  asked to close their doors for the sake of public safety. We need to  help businesses access the necessary liquidity to pay their insurance  bills, to pay their rent or mortgage, to pay their expenses so that  when this crisis ends, they can rebound stronger than ever.   Democratic ranking members are already discussing these priorities  with their Republican counterparts. Of course, there are many other  priorities as well. It would take too long to highlight all of them,  but they are all in white paper we have sent to Leader McConnell and to  the Republican chairs. In almost all these cases, Democrats already  have prepared and drafted the legislative language on these priorities.  We are ready to go.   About 2 hours ago, I spoke with President Trump about these five  priorities. I mentioned them all, and President Trump told me he was  open to these ideas. In fact, the President explicitly told me he would  oppose companies using bailout money on buybacks, even though such a  prohibition is not in McConnell's bill.   I also urged the President to immediately employ the Defense  Production Act and harness industry to get ventilators and other  critically needed medical equipment to those who need it. He told me he  would do so and then said to someone who must have been in the Oval  Office--or wherever he was--to get it done. So I think we are on the  road, because we can't waste a day in terms of getting the DPA going.  Congress will make available very quickly whatever resources are needed  to the Defense Department in order to implement this act.    More broadly, I told the President we need to come together and  cooperate in this time of national crisis. He agreed. We need to work  with uncommon speed and make this next bill what it needs to be. We  need it to be workers first, with a Marshall Plan for hospitals. The  Democrats are already at work with our Republican colleagues to get  this done.   Now, it has been 20 days since the first case of COVID-19 was  detected in New York. Today, 20 days later, there are 7,000 cases--more  than a third of the total number in our country. In a time of public  emergency, New Yorkers have been asked to make extraordinary  sacrifices. The Governor has just mandated that, excepting essential  services, 100 percent of New York's workforce must stay home. The city  that never sleeps is, for the moment, dormant.   To all of my fellow New Yorkers, stay strong. We will beat this back,  and on the other side, we will come back stronger.   To the thousands of New Yorkers and more across the country who have  volunteered to join our medical reserves to help sick patients, thank  you. God bless you. The Nation owes you a debt for your courage and  willingness to answer the call to serve.   Our medical workers are already performing a herculean task, and it  will only get more daunting in the days to come.   Know this, workers: The country is with you. We support you; we  respect you; we love you; and we are already working on policies that  will ease your burden, as much as that can be achieved.   Finally, to my Senate colleagues, what we must do in the next few  days is unlike anything any of us has ever done in our time in  Congress. This is a crisis without modern precedent. We are going to  have to flex some muscles that may have atrophied. We are going to have  to cooperate in ways that we may not be accustomed to. We are going to  have to work across the aisle and across the span of this Capitol to  produce momentous legislation in the span of a few days. We will do it  because we must do it. The American people are suffering. Our  businesses are shuttered. Our factories lay idle. Our workers are  without work. Let us come together and do whatever is necessary to  protect the American people in this time of historic challenge.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   