 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent  that the order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today I rise to speak  about the fact that the past 2 weeks--especially the last 2 weeks--have  been incredibly difficult times for South Carolinians and for Americans  throughout the country.   As we always do, our American family has shown resilience, and so  many are working to lift up those in need. I think about the folks who  are going to drive-throughs and leaving tips. I have heard stories  throughout South Carolina--and I am sure it is true throughout  America--of folks paying for groceries for the single moms and for  those in need behind them. I have heard of restaurants in South  Carolina from the Halls food chain that are providing meals for single  parents as well as for the homeless. There are so many positive stories  coming out today and yesterday about the will of the American family to  pull together during these incredibly unprecedented and challenging  times. We have also learned a lot about social distancing and how to  keep our restaurants open when folks are not allowed to go in.   Schools have had to close down and shift to online-only learning  environments, taxing both parents, as I understand, and teachers.   Many workers have been furloughed or laid off. I am sure it is true  in North Carolina, but it is certainly true in South Carolina that so  many of our restaurant owners--I have been on the calls with hundreds  of them talking about shuttering their entire operations. Last Thursday  and Friday, I saw that one restaurant with several different  locations--I think 6 locations--laid off 900 employees, all going to  the unemployment line. Another small restaurant chain with 6 or 7  locations laid off another 1,000 employees. In Myrtle Beach, SC, one of  the meccas of tourism in the Nation, restaurant after restaurant, hotel  after hotel is laying off parts of their family. Workers who have  become family members over a decade or two of working at the same place  and serving amazing people are today without work, today without the  paycheck that gives them the glue to not only keep their families  together but to keep their finances together.   Small businesses are scrambling. I have run three different small  businesses. I know the pain of not signing the front of the paycheck  for yourself, not being able to sign the back of that same paycheck for  yourself because you are willing to do whatever it takes to make sure  your employees get to cash their paychecks. I understand the turmoil in  the heart of the employee and the employer who simply don't have the  resources they had just a couple of weeks ago. Even worse, because they  did nothing wrong, they find themselves completely and totally  exasperated, unable to comprehend and understand how outside of their  own control, they no longer have the resources necessary to take care  of their own family.   We find ourselves in unprecedented times, but in these times, I am  reminded of the entire group of heroes who show up every single day,  and typically we are only talking about the law enforcement community  and first responders, but today we have to add to the list of American  heroes those folks who are clerks in grocery stores, filling the  shelves over and over again. We have to add to that list those folks  who are helping in the takeout delivery so folks can have hot meals  when they go home. We undoubtedly keep in mind the true American  heroes--our healthcare workers, the doctors and nurses and, as my  mother has been for 45 years, nurse's assistants, showing up in  hospital environments, putting their lives on the line for fellow  Americans, folks they don't even know. They do so not just because it  is their job, not just their duty, but it is their calling and their  mission.   We are blessed to live in a nation where everyday people understand  that which it seems we do not in this Chamber. That is what makes the  last 3 days so incredibly frustrating.   On Saturday, it looked like this was all about over. We were so close  to a deal--so close that Senator Schumer himself said on TV that he was  very pleased with the negotiations, and he spoke about how bipartisan  the negotiations were. And then the Speaker of the House returned to  town, and the tide of bipartisanship seemed to be coming to an end.   We were making real progress, and the bill text was even released,  and then, for absolutely no reason, the Speaker's passion for partisan  hogwash  [[Page S1991]]  started causing the type of delay that doesn't simply cripple our  economy but imperils our healthcare response to the people who are  infected by the coronavirus. It impairs our response to the healthcare  workers who are providing the response. It compromises our ability to  respond with the PPE or, said differently, the material, equipment, and  the uniforms necessary to protect the healthcare workers.   I honestly cannot believe we are still here not having already passed  legislation that would make such a big difference in the lives of so  many. Instead, we have to waste time explaining to the Speaker and to  some of our friends on the other side that airline fuel emissions is  not important in this legislation. We can debate that at another time.  If you want the airline industry to be carbon neutral by 2025, let's  have that debate, but let's not have it when people are desperately  searching for help. We may even debate the importance of same-day  registration and early voting, but let's not hold up $1 trillion-plus  from the hands of the people who can't take care of their families  because of a strong desire to use this crisis to achieve partisan ends.   We all should be interested in diversity, but let's not hold up  assistance to families because some folks, like the Speaker, want to  use this legislation as a way to bring diversity to boards. This is not  a place for this debate. This conversation should be a conversation  about our healthcare workers, about those infected and those impacted,  not about partisan political gains.   Imagine that--wasting time on 1,119 pages of the Speaker's political  hierarchy.   Thankfully, the American people are smarter and more resilient than  those folks in Congress. The American people may be concerned, and they  may feel the sense of uncertainty about how long--weeks or months--that  this will play out, but they know what we need: Immediate help for  workers, for small businesses, and for healthcare professionals.   That is why, in this legislation, we fund hospitals. More than $70  billion for hospitals are being held up right now. More than $20  billion for veterans are held up right now. Tens of billions of dollars  for vaccines, billions of dollars for the CDC, billions of dollars for  FEMA, billions of dollars in block grants for the States, and tens of  billions of dollars of emergency assistance for public transportation  so you can get there are held up.   What are they blocking? Well, they are blocking hundreds of billions  of dollars in unemployment relief. Let me say it differently. In South  Carolina, the average maximum benefit for unemployment is $326 a week.  If you are making 30 bucks an hour or $60,000 a year--$5,000 a month,  $1,250 a week--the maximum benefit currently is $326 in South Carolina.  It is $327 in Tennessee. In our legislation, no less than an additional  $600 would flow to the unemployed. It is not just the traditional  unemployed, as we have always defined it, but we have expanded the  definition of unemployment, who would be eligible, to include the 1099  or the person working for themselves because we want to make sure that  the average person in this Nation, who is taking the risk and taking  the chance to do something that they have always dreamed of doing, and  they are working for themselves--that if this crisis has caused you to  lose your paycheck and you are self-employed, we, in a bipartisan  fashion, wove together legislation that takes you into consideration.  So instead of giving the $326 in South Carolina or the $327 in  Tennessee, you receive more than an additional $600 on top of that  because we know the crisis that you are in is not of your own making.   We provide direct payments in this bill. It is very controversial and  very debatable, but here it is, a minimum of up to $75,000 in  individual income, $150,000 in household income. With two parents  working, 75,000 and 75,000, you can get up to $1,200 per working adult  and $500 for the children. That is $3,000 almost held up in a partisan  debate.   As a small business owner, knowing how hard it is to keep employees  when business is ripped out of your hand and you did nothing wrong,  this legislation provides loans to keep your employees on the payroll  if that is something that makes sense. If you use the funds that you  borrow to keep your employees on the payroll, it becomes more of a  grant than a loan. That is a good thing because it is far cheaper for  your employer to keep you on the payroll than it is to gamble on the  unemployment insurance line.   So I am thankful to the American people. I am thankful to the  American people because they have provided us everything. They have  provided us examples of hope, reasons to be optimistic, the picture of  strength and tenacity and toughness, and, most importantly, in the  midst of a crisis, they have provided us a picture of unity--people  helping people. That is the part of the story that we haven't heard a  lot about--people helping people.   So, as this charade finally comes to a close, hopefully, by the time  we go to sleep tonight, I want to tell my folks back home in South  Carolina and the doctors in Washington State, the nurses in New York  City, and the restaurant owner in Myrtle Beach one thing: Thank you.  Thank you for showing us all what it means to be an American,  especially during unprecedented times. Thank you for reminding those  blinded by politics in Washington what the actual goal really is.   I know America will not simply survive. America will, in fact, thrive  in the aftermath of this crisis. I know it because I know many, many  Americans, and that is what we do. God has blessed the United States of  America. Let us be a blessing to each other and get this done.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   