 Mr. Speaker, first of all, I want to commend  Republicans and Democrats for coming together. This bill is a  bipartisan bill. It doesn't mean it is perfect, but it means that we  all came together and we worked together to ensure that we are  advancing our Nation's water resources.   Mr. Speaker, this bill does everything from ecological restoration,  to our navigation channels, to flood control, to hurricane protection.   This is about the resilience and sustainability of our community and  the resilience and sustainability of our ecosystem and our economy.  These are projects that we need to be working together on.   I want to thank my friend, the chairman, Mr. DeFazio; the ranking  member, Sam Graves; as well as the subcommittee--friends--chairman and  ranking member, Grace Napolitano and Bruce Westerman.    Mr. Speaker, this bill advances important priorities like ensuring  section 1043 can be expanded to allow our State and non-Federal  sponsors to be a partner with the Corps of Engineers--a true partner-- and lead some sections of the projects; allowing our continuing  authorities programs to be expanded; incorporating tools like natural  infrastructure into the toolbox of achieving these objectives that we  all share; ensuring that we attack--and I want to thank my friend from  Florida (Mr. Mast) for leading on this--the harmful algal blooms off  the coast of Louisiana, which I represent, largest dead zone in this  Nation on a national basis; and importantly, ensuring that we maintain  and take a different sustainable approach to the authorized depth of  the Mississippi River system, which is America's commerce superhighway,  connecting 31 States with the least expensive and lowest emissions form  of transportation; putting shipments on barges and on oceangoing  vessels so America can compete globally with the great products that we  develop here.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank all the great staff who worked on this,  including Ian Bennitt, Victor Sarmiento, Ryan Seiger, Maggie Ayrea,  Paul Sawyer, and all the folks who helped put this bill together. I  urge adoption.   