 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R.  1620, the Chesapeake Bay Program Reauthorization Act. I commend my  colleague and fellow Virginian, Congresswoman Elaine Luria, for  introducing this bill which will further the Chesapeake Bay's ongoing  restoration. As a co-chair of the bipartisan Chesapeake Bay Task Force,  I recognize the critical role that the Environmental Protection Agency  (EPA) and it's Chesapeake Bay Program play in coordinating the multi- state restoration effort. I am proud to be an original cosponsor of  this legislation.   Deterioration of the Bay and how to best address the problem has been  a concern for almost half a century. While serving as a member of the  Virginia House of Delegates, I was part of a joint Virginia-Maryland  legislative advisory commission focused on determining what actions  were necessary to address Bay issues. We concluded that restoring the  Bay would require more than just Virginia and Maryland, but rather, the  collaboration of the entire 64,000 square-mile watershed.   The EPA's Chesapeake Bay Program, which was created during the Reagan  Administration and ratified by Congress in 1987, facilitates the  cooperation between the watershed states and the federal government to  restore the Bay. Re-authorization of the critical Chesapeake Bay  Program is long overdue.   Increases in underwater grasses and the blue crab population indicate  our efforts are working, however more resources and continued  coordination efforts are necessary to ensure that these gains are  maintained and that the Chesapeake Bay is protected. The Total Maximum  Daily Load, sometimes referred to as a ``pollution diet,'' was  established in 2010 and is a key part of the EPA's Chesapeake Bay  Program and the EPA's role in establishing and enforcing those limits  are an essential part of the ongoing restoration process.   The Chesapeake Bay is a national commercial, recreational, ecological  treasure and we have a moral responsibility to preserve it. I commend  the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure for reporting this  bill favorably to the full House and I urge my colleagues to support  this bill.    