 Mr. President, when I was growing up, I was  raised to believe in the American dream. My mom taught me that we were  blessed because God and our Founders created the greatest country ever,  where anything was possible. We weren't allowed to complain. Debt, Big  Government, socialism, and communism were bad. College was for a better  paying job. Church on Sundays was absolutely not optional.   While I didn't always appreciate my tough-love, my-way-or-the-highway  mom growing up, I now thank God every day for my mom and this country.  She gave me the opportunity to experience every lesson this country had  to offer before I was 20.   Sadly, the values that I grew up with are becoming a way of the past,  but I believe these values, these virtues, can and should be part of  our country's future. The left has worked hard over the last 50 years  to discredit the values of the America I was raised with and the values  of the America I want my grandkids to grow up with.   In recent weeks, we have seen the Democrats try hard to paint our  President and the entire Republican Party as ``darkness,'' but let me  tell you what darkness would actually look like in America.   What if our country turned the keys over to the far left and turned  away from capitalism in favor of socialism? The data is already in on  that. The result would be the same as it has been throughout history:  Socialism would destroy our economy and cause widespread poverty and  oppression. Darkness.   What if our country just gave up on the battle to protect innocent  human life and agreed with the political party that proudly embraces  the killing of the unborn at any time, for any reason? Darkness.   What if we decide to change our First Amendment, editing out our  freedom of speech and freedom of religion, forcing Christians and Jews  to retreat from the public square and silencing any who dare to speak  up? Darkness.   What if America did what every authoritarian government in history  has done and must eventually do--disarm the American people? Darkness.   What if we defunded our police forces across the country, even just  partially? What would happen to public safety? How would life in our  cities be affected? Turn on your TV for the answer. Darkness.   What if we allowed people to throw homemade bombs at police and burn  down police stations and then pretended that these violent  demonstrations are peaceful? Darkness.   What if we enacted the Green New Deal? Literal darkness.   What if we let China--a Communist country that systematically  imprisons and murders its own citizens--take advantage of American  workers and put them out of work? Darkness.   What if we teach our kids that America is a bad country with an evil  history that must be erased and that America is fundamentally a morally  bankrupt country? Darkness.   Republicans are fighting for issues that the American public care  about. People want good jobs, a good education for their kids, and they  want to live in safe communities. Republicans are working to defend our  law enforcement, invest in our military, secure the border, and stop  illegal immigration. Republicans are standing up to dictators in Latin  America and to Communist China, after the Democrats have appeased them  for decades.   Here is the fundamental difference between Democrats and Republicans:  Democrats want to control your life; Republicans want to give you a  life. Republicans want to give every American the opportunity to live  their version of the American dream. Governments don't do that.  Politicians don't do that.   The American people are dreamers, and if we get government out of  their way, the innovation, determination, and entrepreneurial spirit of  the American people and American business will shine bright.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the brave men and women of our  law enforcement are facing an onslaught of violence, harassment, and  abuse. They deserve better. These selfless individuals are true heroes  who put their lives on the line every day to protect our communities.   Right now, as Hurricane Sally moves across Florida's panhandle and  Alabama, causing massive flooding and storm surge, law enforcement  officials are working tirelessly to keep people safe. They are going  out in these extremely dangerous conditions to rescue those in need.   We can never truly repay them for their service and their sacrifice.  Throughout my 8 years as Governor, we lost 51 members of law  enforcement in the line of duty, and you wouldn't believe the bravery  of these individuals and the strength of the families and communities  who support them.   As Governor and now Senator, supporting and investing in our law  enforcement has always been a top priority. Because of our efforts,  Florida has a 49-year low in our crime rate. Americans are moving to  Florida in droves, not just for low taxes and great weather but because  we have safe communities, and that is thanks to our hard-working law  enforcement. That is why it is so disturbing to see the harassment, the  insults, and the abuse from the liberal mob.   I remember what it was like for American soldiers coming back from  Vietnam. Whether you agreed or disagreed with that war, the abuse and  insults directed at our military men and women were disgusting and  disgraceful. We are seeing the same thing today directed at our men and  women in blue. It is just as disgraceful.   The radical left wants to defund the police--the most dangerous  policy idea of my lifetime. Think about that for a minute. If you  defund the police, who do you call when your house gets broken into?  Who is going to patrol the streets to prevent drug trafficking and  violence? Who is going to investigate murders and rapes and assaults  and robberies? Who is going to protect our schools? We only have to  turn on our TVs for the answer.   Over the past several months, rioters and thugs, filled with hate  inspired by this goal of defunding the police, have turned their words  into violent action in cities across this great country--throwing  homemade bombs at officers and setting fire to police stations.   We have watched Democratic mayors and Governors turn their backs on  law-and-order and try to pretend that these violent demonstrations are  somehow peaceful, and their partners in the media have helped.   This past weekend, we saw another horrific act of senseless violence  as two sheriff's deputies in Los Angeles were ambushed by a deranged  gunman. In the evening, rioters surrounded the hospital where the  deputies were fighting for their lives and chanted ``We hope they  die.'' We hope they die? We should all be denouncing this heinous act-- all of us--and praying for the speedy and full recovery of the  deputies. We should all be denouncing the cruel, heartless, and frankly  pathetic disregard for human life that was clearly evident from these  protesters.   This anti-police mentality is raging in American cities and  threatening the future of America as we know it. Our law enforcement  officers dedicate their lives to protecting our communities, and we  can't let these acts of violence continue.   We can all agree that reforms need to be made. That is why it is so  unbelievable that my Democratic colleagues refuse to even debate the  police reform bill led by Senator Scott of South Carolina. Instead of  actually doing something and having a chance at providing healing to  our Nation, Senate Democrats turned their backs on our law enforcement.   But we can't let the radical left use the crimes of a few bad actors  to demonize good, hard-working police officers--officers like Sergeant  Adrian Rodriguez and Sergeant James Henry of the Lakeland Police  Department. They began the department's Neighborhood Program over 6  years ago and lead two outstanding teams of officers who do everything  from reading at the local kindergarten classes to assisting a SWAT team  with the service of high-risk drug warrants. No matter the assignment,  their teams work nonstop to build community pride in the citizens'  police department.   Officer Jimmie Bizzle of the Tampa International Airport Police  Department is dedicated to bettering his community and supporting  individuals who experience homelessness. He trains his colleagues on  how to connect homeless individuals with the resources and services  they need.   Corporal Margo Fergusson of the Tampa Police Department spent years  of her career defending and protecting children by investigating crimes  in the department's Sex Crimes and Child Abuse Unit, working tirelessly  to hold offenders accountable. During the pandemic, she has been  working with her fellow officers and local schools to disbursing food  to families who might need a helping hand.   Detective Michelle Mahoney of the Clearwater Police Department is  part of the department's Refuse to Lose Program, which engages the  faith-based community with youth offenders to help them succeed and  stay on a good path, offering services like tutoring, employment, and  mental health help. She is known for her empathy, understanding, and  compassion for her community.   Instead of attacking and defunding the police and starving these  hard-working men and women of the resources they need to do their job,  we need to do the opposite. We need to fund the police. We need to  recognize and support the individuals who have worked so hard to make  our Nation the safe America we know and love. We  [[Page S5641]]  need to reject dangerous proposals that threaten our communities and  strip the safety we hold dear. It is time to stand up and say  ``enough.'   Defunding the police is un-American and the antithesis of the values  that make America great. Police officers across the country risk their  lives every day to keep people safe, and they deserve our appreciation.  They uphold their oath to serve and protect.   Today, I am introducing a Senate resolution to condemn the widespread  violence, the hatred and vilification of law enforcement, and express  our unwavering support for the brave men and women in uniform who  protect us.   I am proud to have Senator Daines here today and thank him for his  unwavering commitment to law enforcement and for joining us today. We  ask that all of our colleagues join us in support.   To the sheriffs, police chiefs, sheriff's deputies, police officers,  highway patrol, State troopers, Federal marshals, and many other law  enforcement officials who serve in Florida and across the country,  thank you. It is time that you get the respect you deserve, and I won't  accept anything less.   Mr. President, at this time I would like to yield to my colleague  from Montana.    Mr. President, first, I want to thank my  colleague from Montana for his unwavering support for law enforcement.  It is hard to believe that in a State like Montana, which is so  supportive of law enforcement, there would be any city that would be  thinking about reducing their police budget. It shouldn't be happening  around the country.   I am honored to stand here today to support our brave law enforcement  and say enough is enough. We are not going to tolerate violence,  attacks, and vilification of our law enforcement. I am proud to  introduce the Back the Blue resolution today. I am asking all of my  colleagues to join me in support   As in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 697, submitted earlier today.  Further, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to; that  the preamble be agreed to; and that the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I  appreciate my colleague's interest in expressing support for the brave  men and women of law enforcement. That is exactly what my resolution  does. Why, then, would my colleague object to my resolution and propose  his own to accomplish the same thing?   At first, his resolution appears to resemble my own. I note, however,  that my resolution condemns not only the cowardly attacks of this past  week on the Los Angeles County sheriff's deputies but also condemns the  rhetoric and policies that have incited this recent spike in targeted  violence against law enforcement. My colleague's resolution makes no  such condemnation.   My resolution calls out the radical politicians, reckless media  figures, and organized protest movements that have sought to vilify law  enforcement officers as a whole and incite, encourage, or celebrate  widespread criminal activity and violence against law enforcement  officers. My colleague's resolution is silent about this.   My resolution calls out the radical politicians for pursuing a  dangerous campaign to defund the police and starving law enforcement  agencies of much needed resources to combat the crime wave sweeping  through our communities. My colleague's resolution makes no such  condemnation.   We have to be honest about what is happening here and across our  great country. We have rioters chanting ``Let them die'' outside a  hospital caring for two police officers who were violently attacked.  ``Let them die''?   Americans have the right to peacefully protest, and I support that  right. But that is not what we are talking about here. We are talking  about acts of violence against law enforcement, families, and  businesses. My colleague's proposal takes out all references to this  bad behavior.   Expressing support for law enforcement without condemning the people  and groups who are perpetrating, instigating, and celebrating the  violent acts committed against law enforcement officers is not enough.  We can't be afraid to condemn violence against law enforcement and the  defund police movement. I have no such fear.   Those radical politicians, reckless media figures, and organized  protest movements deserve to be condemned for inciting, committing, and  celebrating acts of violence against law enforcement. I stand firmly  behind my resolution and behind our Nation's law enforcement.   If my colleague would be willing to work with me, we may be able to  find common ground to ensure any resolution includes language that  firmly denounces the violence and the causes of that violence in our  communities, but my colleague's resolution does not go far enough, so I  therefore respectfully object.   