 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, four different times in the last 4  months, we have had votes on this floor to talk about COVID relief.  There is a real need to be able to give relief to a lot of people in my  State, and, quite frankly, in States around the country.   There are individual items that need to be done that are unfinished.  I think we need to actually finish them. We have this week and next  week to finish the task at hand. We have 12 appropriations bills. We  have a national defense authorization. But in my State, people want to  know most what is going to happen with COVID relief. Where is that  going to go?   Well, apparently, now we can actually have the debate. After the  election was over, Speaker Pelosi announced that she was ready to  actually negotiate the bill now that the election was finished. Well,  great. Folks in my State have actually been waiting because four times  in the last 4 months we brought up bills that were serious bills to be  able to actually debate this out and to get the aid that is needed to  be done, starting with additional money for distribution for vaccines.   The first vaccine will come on market by this Friday. It will be in  arms by this weekend or at the latest, Monday, in my State, in  Oklahoma.   As I visit with the people in my State who are in charge of the  distribution, they have a terrific plan that they are engaged in to  work with healthcare providers across the State to give them first  access. For these folks who have been living in PPE for months and  months and months, to now have the opportunity to get a vaccine will be  a tremendous gift to them. It is incredibly important that this happen.   I do want to congratulate the folks in the science community, the  folks who are at Operation Warp Speed in the White House, and so many  other individuals who worked so incredibly hard to take a vaccine from  first identification of the virus to a vaccine in 11 months. That is  remarkable speed to get something done, though I have read recently  that the New York Times is now putting out this quiet little accusation  that the Trump administration didn't buy enough of the Pfizer vaccine,  and the rest of the world is going to get it. The Times just  conveniently leaves out that the administration actually purchased 700  million doses of the vaccine from multiple different manufacturers very  early on, taking the appropriate risk to say that we don't know which  one is going to be successful, so let's try to purchase from all of  them, not knowing if six of them will be successful or if one of them  will be successful. It was the right strategy then. It remains the  right strategy.   In addition to the fact that the Pfizer vaccine is coming out first-- which we are all very grateful for--it is 95 percent accurate as far as  setting aside the virus. It is 100 percent effective against severe  outbreaks of the virus. It is a remarkable vaccine, but it has to be  stored at negative 70 degrees. There are very few places in my State  and in many other States that have an ultracold freezer that maintains  that. It is a great vaccine, but it is limited in the way that you can  actually distribute it quickly.   There is a Moderna vaccine that is coming a week later that we will  actually have twice as much of, but it doesn't require the same  ultracold storage.   So this first round of vaccines will be coming to my State by this  weekend, another round of vaccines from another manufacturer by next  weekend, and by the end of this year--in just the next few weeks--we  will have 20 million people who will get vaccinated.   That is a great start, but, clearly, there are another 300 million  people to go. By the time that we get to the end of February, we will  have 100 million people who will have been vaccinated, and that doesn't  even count the additional vaccines that are coming online.   The Johnson & Johnson vaccine is a single-dose vaccine. It should be  online in February. That is very significant to us because that will  also provide us tens of millions of additional individuals who can be  vaccinated. We could very well be completely vaccinated as a country by  the time we get to this summer. We could be completely vaccinated with  the most vulnerable in our population--everyone in our healthcare,  every single nursing home, every single skilled nursing, every single  assisted living, and all those with high-risk conditions like  Parkinson's and Alzheimer's and individuals with diabetes and heart  disease--those individuals could be completely vaccinated  [[Page S7263]]  by the time we get to February. That is just 2 months away. We are  finally getting close.   But we do need some additional dollars set aside for the distribution  to actually get to that point. We need additional dollars for testing.  We have done 200 million tests on COVID-19. I have had several of  those. Most everyone in this Chamber has had several. Most everyone  across my State has had several to evaluate them. I always tested  negative. I am grateful for that. There are many people who still  continue to get that testing. We need to continue that.   We have individuals across my State and across all of our States who  need access to the Paycheck Protection Program. This was a risk that we  took in March to try an assistance for individuals in a completely  different way, knowing that the unemployment assistance in all of our  States is antiquated and would be overrun by individuals. There had to  be another way to sustain individuals who would be unemployed and to  sustain small businesses to not go out of business as we go through  this.   What we created was something called the Paycheck Protection Program.  I was honored to be a part of that small group who helped write this  and dream it out. It was for small businesses and not-for-profits, and  for the first time ever, included faith-based not-for-profits, knowing  many of them are key safety nets in our communities across the country.  We could not lose that safety net during the time of the pandemic.   I have had individuals who have asked me over and over again for two  key things in the Paycheck Protection Program: No. 1, please make it  clear how to get final forgiveness to close this out. There are  literally millions of small businesses that have a paycheck protection  loan. They want to get forgiven, but the process of going through  forgiveness is so complicated they are struggling with closing that  out. They want to get it done.   There is an easy way to do it that Kevin Cramer has actually  coordinated and led in this body. Senator Cramer's work has been  remarkable and tenacious to help guide us to a simple solution to get  to individuals and businesses that took out loans of $150,000 or less,  to get forgiveness for that in a simple process, in a single-page  attestation to be able to do that. That needs to be included in  whatever we are doing   We need to have a second round for those businesses that are the  hardest hit.   Let me tell you an example of that. I had a business leader of a  small business in my State just yesterday, and this is part of his  email. He said: It sounds like there is a chance for another relief  bill. I hope that is true. We are expecting--our sales have fallen  through the floor again. With the change in weather and rising case  counts, we have lost over 50 percent year over year, and I hear the  same from many of my counterparts. It is highly likely we will have to  go through another round of furloughs in January. Honestly, it would  probably make sense now, but we are not going to do that to anyone  through the holidays. We are hoping for some assistance to keep people  on payroll and benefits. At worst case, if there is no relief for us, I  hope there is additional unemployment coming so people aren't  destitute. It may be April before we are able to support our business  based on our own revenue.   These comments are not uncommon from many others I have received.  They can make this and have a viable business but just not in this kind  of environment right now.   What are we going to do about that? Well, I have recommended not only  the attestation for forgiveness for small businesses but also a second  round to allow those who have been through the small business Paycheck  Protection Program to go through it again and get a second bite of that  apple short term for the hardest hit businesses and also to allow some  of those businesses that are legitimate small businesses to actually  get a first shot.   Many people don't know that not-for-profits, including faith-based  not-for-profits and small businesses, all got access to the Paycheck  Protection Program if you were supported by donors or by a bank or  credit union. But if your business was organized by private equity, and  that was your original capital, you couldn't get access to the Paycheck  Protection Program. So thousands and thousands of small businesses were  out simply based on where they got their original capital from to open  their business. That is not right.   When we have the second round of paycheck protection, we should at  least allow some of those other small businesses to get a first round  through this process. We need to continue what we are doing for not- for-profits.   Our safety nets are very clear in America. Our families are our first  safety net; our second safety net is our not-for-profits; and our third  safety net is government--State, local, and Federal. That second safety  net that is out there that is so important in our communities, we need  to do what we can to support them.   In the CARES Act, I helped put in a provision there that would give  every American a $300 deduction on their taxes above the line, even if  they don't itemize their taxes. They can get a $300 straight deduction  from their taxes if they will give to a nonprofit. They can pick any  nonprofit they want to give to--the arts community, the homeless  community, those that are helping with mental health, those that are  helping with food programs, churches, synagogues, mosques. They can  choose any nonprofit they want to. If they give to a nonprofit, every  single American gets a deduction up to $300. That counts for this year.  I would encourage Americans to take advantage of that. Nonprofits  around the country desperately need assistance right now.   What we have written into a proposal is to double that for next year  for individuals, $600, or for a couple filing jointly, $1,200. You  could write off your taxes completely, even if you don't itemize, if  you would donate that amount to a not-for-profit.   What would cause that? Philosophically, for me, it is a couple of  things. I believe in the power and strength and efficiencies of not- for-profits. In small towns around my State and around the country,  there are local not-for-profits and churches and faith-based  institutions, and they are doing the work to help the hurting and  hungry and homeless. We should support them. They are in real need  right now of our support.   There are groups all around our Nation that need people to step up  and walk alongside them as they walk alongside the neediest in our  communities. The best way we can do that is to incentivize that with  taxes. We can either say we could have a larger tax piece here or  encourage people to actually give locally. I think that is an efficient  way to help people.   We need to step up, as my friend who had emailed me yesterday  reminded me. If we can't get the paycheck protection extension done-- and I hope we can--we need to make sure the unemployment extension is  done because we are going to have more people on unemployment. We  should really do both.   We can extend paycheck protections to protect those individuals in  those businesses and secure them, but we also need to secure our  unemployment assistance program. We have many folks with diabetes and  other healthcare needs who can't return to work right now. They are not  in a position where they can telework, and they need the opportunity to  be sustained. Literally, their benefits are running out in days.   This is a moment we should extend that out for multiple more months  to allow them the gap they need to get through the pandemic to be able  to get a vaccine--which is coming soon--and then to get back to work as  they have been dying to do.   We need to get liability protections. A lot of people have a lot of  uncertainty, and they are worried about lawsuits coming down on them.  They don't know how to manage around them.   I have letters from small businesses, large businesses, and  university presidents in my State who are all saying the same thing:  Help us just know what the rules of the game are going to be because  there is litigation coming at us, and we don't know how to evaluate  this because this has never been done before. Help us just know the  rules of the road on liability.   That is not an unreasonable request for every university, large and  small businesses across our Nation. Schools are going to need some  additional help. That is based on just that child, no  [[Page S7264]]  matter where they attend--public, private, faith-based, charter,  whatever it may be--it is a child whose parent is a taxpayer. Education  is important, and they should all be treated the same.   Childcare issues are at the top of the list as well. Childcare  facilities are out there in desperate need right now and are open and  functioning. They can't have the worker or job ratio they used to have,  but the costs are still the same. We need to get additional flexibility  to our States. In my State--many entities within my State still have  additional dollars left over from the CARES Act. So $1.5 billion came  to the State of Oklahoma through the CARES Act. That is an enormous  amount of money. They are still working through to be able to handle it  efficiently, how they are going to manage that. Thankfully, most towns  in my State have had sales tax revenue that has gone up this year. That  is not true for all of it, but for many of them, it has been. Their  expenses have also gone up.    So the challenge at this point would be, how can we get the States  maximum flexibility with the dollars they have to make sure they don't  have to squander those funds quickly just to be able to get it done  because the deadline to use them is December 31? More flexibility would  be a good gift both to do wise spending and to be able to give them  greater flexibility in the days ahead. That would be for States,  counties, cities, and Tribes.   We should allow for the reprogramming of funds. Interestingly enough,  the Paycheck Protection Program had about $130 billion left over in it  when it expired. We all gave it a lot of money not knowing how much  would be needed for small businesses, but the vast majority of small  businesses that could take it were able to take it. There are many, as  I mentioned before, that are wanting to do a second round with it. The  best way to do that is to reprogram the unused funds that are there.  That would be more efficient. The Federal Reserve has unused funds in  the hundreds of billions of dollars. We should cancel out those  programs and reuse those funds. That is a wise use of funds to make  sure we are not squandering American tax dollars.   Every single dollar that is spent on COVID-19 right now is debt  money. So we should pay attention to all of those issues of debt money,  knowing that we need to be careful with other people's money.   There are things that we need to do in the next 10 days here as well  as to have conversations in private and in public, like this, to say:  Let's get it done. Let's finish the tasks that we need to get done.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   