 Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman Takano for his  extraordinary leadership and this opportunity, and I thank the  gentleman from Tennessee, Ranking Member Roe, for always putting  veterans first.   I rise today in support of H.R. 4613, the VA Reporting Transparency  Act.   As my fellow veterans know, the VA is unparalleled in its commitment  to serving our veterans, and that goes from our nurses to our physician  assistants, our doctors, our VA police officers, and many other folks,  veterans, themselves, who spend each and every day working at the VA.  That certainly holds true for the VA in my district, New York's 11th  Congressional District.   But for the largest integrated healthcare system in the United States  and for an agency that holds the lives of our Nation's heroes in their  hands, we must ensure accountability. Let's be very clear: There is no  accountability without transparency.   When Congress mandates that the VA produce reports on the staffing  levels of their nurses or how the VA prevents fraud, waste, and abuse  or how the Office of Accountability and Whistleblower Protection truly  keeps our VA employees safe, this information is useless if it is not  made available to the general public in an accessible manner.    It is valuable to the nearly 9 million veterans enrolled in VA  healthcare, and it is valuable to every American who wants to make sure  that their tax dollars are being used for the best possible care that  our veterans deserve.   That is exactly why I introduced this bill, the VA Reporting  Transparency Act, which requires that the VA have public access to the  legislatively requested reports that they produce. This access must be  free, without any registration or limitations required, and the report  must be posted no later than 45 days after it is submitted.   This is a no-brainer. It is common sense. It is an opportunity for  the VA to set a precedent that other Federal departments will follow.   We made a promise to our soldiers that, when they came home, we would  be there for them. This bill is a perfect case in point for how we can  do just that.   Madam Speaker, I would like to thank my colleagues on the House  Veterans' Affairs Committee, Congressman Gil Cisneros from California  and Congressman Greg Steube, a fellow Army vet, for their support of  this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to support it.   