 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I am opposed to the bill in its current  form.    Mr. Speaker, this amendment will not kill the bill but  simply ensure that it will not exacerbate the risks of identity theft  or misuse of consumer data.   Mr. Speaker, a Social Security number may be the single most  important piece of government-issued identification that a U.S. citizen  can have.   H.R. 5332 takes that single most important piece of identification  and increases its overuse, which will have negative consequences for  consumers.   In the digital age, relying on one number that defines each of us has  made us extremely vulnerable to identity theft. Someone can use your  Social Security number to open credit cards, take loans in your name,  and destroy your credit.   According to the Privacy Rights Clearinghouse, identity theft now  affects between 500,000 and 700,000 people annually. Victims often do  not discover the crime until months after its occurrence.   As we speak, Washington State is working to recover more than $500  million in unemployment benefits paid to criminals who used stolen  identities to file claims during the coronavirus pandemic.   These attacks on data will only escalate. We are in a new era of  economic and data warfare and creating a common node of exploitation, a  Social Security number, in a centralized location will advance bad  actors' ability to infiltrate our data.   When your Social Security number is exposed and sold through  nefarious means, it is extremely difficult to simply go get a new one.  This bill will cause a proliferation in the use of Social Security  numbers. That is exactly the wrong direction to go.   The amendment I am offering simply ensures that we are not putting  policies forward that increase the risks to consumers. During the floor  debate, the bill's own sponsor agreed that we should be studying  alternative ways to identify consumers as it relates to credit  reporting.   The bill directs GAO to study the means and feasibility to replace  our Social Security numbers as an identifier.   To that end, I would simply ask my colleagues, before we put  consumers at risk, let's do our work. Let's see what GAO reports and  work together on a bipartisan solution.   We need to make sure that whatever we do in the name of improving  accuracy in credit reporting is not putting Americans at greater risk  of fraud.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   