 Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative  session and I ask for the yeas and nays.   Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 554, S. 4675, a bill to amend the  Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act.     Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session and I ask  for the yeas and nays.  Mr.  President, I move to proceed to legislative Session, and I ask for  the yeas and nays. Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 554, S. 4675,  a bill to amend the Health Insurance Portability and  Accountability Act.  Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session  to consider Calendar No. 890 and ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Mr. President, colleagues, in my first experience with  Supreme Court confirmations in the Senate, I was a young staffer for a  junior Member of the Judiciary Committee. That was also the same time I  met a young guy named Lamar Alexander, who had just left the Senate to  go to the White House to work in Congressional Affairs. So I have had  an opportunity for quite a long time to observe the confirmation  process through various ups and downs--periods when nominees were  confirmed almost overwhelmingly and periods during which they were  heated, to put it mildly, contests over the nomination.   What I think you can safely say about the Senate over the last 40 or  50 years is that it is in an assertive period. In other words, viewing  the whole process as a joint thing, the President has a role to play,  and the Senate has a role to play. And at various times in the history  of our country, the Senate has been pretty passive about it; at  [[Page S6409]]  other times, they have been pretty aggressive about it. But the  Constitution is clear: The Senate has a role if it chooses to exercise  it.   Rarely have we ever had a nominee as extraordinary as the one we have  before us right now. We have had a chance to witness this outstanding  nominee. We have watched her in committee. She has demonstrated she has  the deep legal expertise, dispassionate judicial temperament, and sheer  intellectual horsepower that the American people deserve to have on  their Supreme Court.   Last week, we saw why fellow legal scholars called Judge Barrett ``a  brilliant and conscientious lawyer who will analyze and decide cases in  good faith,'' and they say she is ``tailor-made''--tailor-made--``for  this job.''   We saw why her former law clerks--her students--call her ``a woman of  unassailable integrity'' and ``a role model for generations to come.''   We saw why the American Bar Association--an institution the  Democratic leader has called the gold standard--the gold standard-- deemed Judge Barrett ``well qualified'' to sit on the Supreme Court.  And they heard why the legal professionals behind that rating called  her--listen to this--``a staggering''--staggering--``academic mind.''   The chair of the ABA Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary told  the committee directly that ``in interviews with individuals in the  legal profession and community who know Judge Barrett, whether for a  few years or decades, not one person''--not one, not one--``uttered a  negative word about her character.''   This outstanding nominee is exceptionally suited to this job, period.  And I know we all know that. She is an exceptional nominee to the  Supreme Court who will make the Senate and the country exceedingly  proud.   There are few of us around here who have experienced the last 30  years up close and personal, and I am one of them. Others of you have  followed parts of history from the outside, and now you are making  history.   It is a matter of fact, a matter of history, that it was Senate  Democrats who first began our contemporary difficulties with judicial  nominations back in 1987 and who have initiated every meaningful  escalation--every single one of them--from then up to the present day.  Every escalation was initiated by the other side.   In 1987, Ted Kennedy and his friends introduced the country to Robert  Bork's America--the first effort to smear a fully qualified judicial  nominee based on insulting, apocalyptic scare tactics. Even some of the  people who were directly involved in ``Borking'' Bork--Democrats, by  the way--say they regret that low moment and what it has unleashed in  the years since.   In the early 2000s, it was Democrats who very willfully invented a  brandnew strategy to make judicial ideology, and not just  qualifications, an acceptable criteria for tanking Presidential  nominees   I remember reading in the early part of Bush 43's first term a  seminar that was convened by my friend the Democratic leader, and he  invited a couple of scholars--Laurence Tribe and Cass Sunstein--to come  talk to him about the appropriateness of beginning to use every single  tool in the toolbox to stop judicial nominations.   It was always possible to filibuster judges; it just wasn't done. I  mean, there are plenty of things you could do that you don't do; it  just simply wasn't done.   The best example of that was the Clarence Thomas nomination. There  couldn't have been a more controversial nomination than that one. The  chairman of the Judiciary Committee, Joe Biden, and Ted Kennedy sitting  next to him--it was about as aggressive as it gets. It made, in some  ways, the Bork treatment look like child's play. The committee reported  out Justice Thomas with an even vote--even. And as we all know around  here, it only takes 1 of 100 Senators to make you get 60--just 1--only  1 to get the Senate in a place where you have to get 60 votes.   The tradition of dealing with the judicial nominees with a simple  majority was so strong that not 1 Democrat--not 1--required 60 votes on  Clarence Thomas. In case you don't remember, the vote on this  confirmation was 52 to 48. One Senator out of 100 could have denied  Clarence Thomas his career on the Supreme Court. That is how strong the  tradition was of dealing with the Judiciary in a simple majority way.   Well, in Bush 43, my colleague, the Democratic leader, at this  meeting, apparently, with Cass Sunstein and Laurence Tribe--I am  paraphrasing, I am sure--was predicting all of these crazy rightwing  judges were going to be sent up by Bush 43, and we ought to use every  tool in the toolbox, whether it was used before or not, to stop  judicial nominees.   So Democrats used the brandnew tool, the partisan filibuster, to  block one Bush nominee after another whose qualifications nobody even  disputed.   In her own confirmation hearing years later, for example, now-Justice  Elena Kagan went out of her way to say that Miguel Estrada--a name some  of you may not be familiar with, who got here recently--would have been  qualified to sit on the DC Circuit. She said he even would have been  qualified to sit on the Supreme Court. He became the poster child for  this new process invented by the Democratic leader and his colleagues  to routinely filibuster judges. It was written, the suspicion was, that  it might provide for Bush 43 the opportunity to name the first Hispanic  Supreme Court Justice, and, of course, they didn't want that to happen.  So Senate Democrats filibustered him seven separate times in 2003. He  was one of the many victims of this norm-shattering, precedent-breaking  behavior.   A few years later, colleagues such as Senators Biden, Durbin, Leahy,  Obama, and Schumer tried to filibuster Justice Alito's nomination to  the Supreme Court. Fortunately, that was not successful.   But then something really funny happened. Something really funny  happened. All of a sudden, there was a new President--President Obama.  Suddenly, a Democratic President was making judicial nominations.   Well, imagine what happened then. Suddenly, Senate Democrats became  very allergic to experiencing the effects of what they had started--in  effect, the effects of their own playbook. They had no patience to  taste their own medicine, none whatsoever. Our colleagues did not  appreciate being held to the standards they had just created a few  years before. The shoe was on the other foot.   Well, we all know what happened next--another massive Senate-shaking  escalation by Senate Democrats in 2013: the nuclear option. They broke  the Senate rules to change the Senate rules so that a Democratic  President would not have to play by the same rules they had invented  shortly before. And with a 51-vote threshold in place, Democrats began  confirming nominees without meaningful minority support.   I said at the time, quoting myself: They would regret it a lot sooner  than they would think.   Well, that regret began in 2016. In 2016, when Justice Scalia passed  away, Senate Republicans had won our majority a year later. As I said  then, when I recommended to all of you that we not fill that vacancy  created in the middle of a Presidential election year, you would have  to go back to 1888 to find the last time a Senate of a different party  from the President confirmed a Supreme Court nominee to a vacancy  created during the Presidential election year. In other words, not  surprisingly, one party in control of the Senate was less inclined--and  had been less inclined for a very long time--to confirm a Supreme Court  nominee in the middle of a Presidential election year. It was entirely  within the rights of the Senate to do that because what had clearly  developed over these years was the Senate viewed itself as a partner--a  partner--in the process. The President gets to nominate, but we get to  decide whether to act on the nomination.   Needless to say, after the unprecedented Senate-shaking steps that  Senate Democrats had taken, the Republican Senate majority was not much  inclined to depart from precedent and do President Obama that favor.   Our decision in 2016 was fully in line with precedent, fully within  the Constitution, and completely within the Senate rules. Now, I  understand why they didn't like it. I wouldn't have either. Of course  they didn't like it. But elections have consequences, and  [[Page S6410]]  America had chosen a Republican Senate in 2014.   But there is no parallel between actually breaking the rules, as the  Democrats did in 2013, and merely applying the rules in ways the  Democrats do not like. There is a big difference between breaking the  rules and applying the rules in ways the Democrats did not like. If the  Senate is going to function, we must maintain a distinction between  when people break the rules and when they apply the rules in ways we  may not like.   When President Trump won in 2016, Senate Democrats took yet another  reckless and unprecedented step. They mounted the first ever successful  partisan filibuster of a Supreme Court nominee. That had not been done  before. They tried it on Alito; it didn't succeed. They tried it on  Gorsuch, and it did. The message was, in effect, nobody who President  Trump nominates is going to get 60 votes for the Supreme Court, no  matter how qualified.   Of course, speaking of qualifications, Justice Gorsuch's  qualifications were simply beyond question--someone who, frankly, has  gone on to issue some rulings, by the way, that these guys over here  like, which shows you predicting what a Supreme Court Justice is going  to rule on has been a hazardous guess most of the time. Their  apocalyptic threats about predictions about what is going to happen  with nominees of Republican Presidents have been consistent going back  to John Paul Stevens: Every single one of them is going to be a  disaster for women, minorities, and all the rest--none of which, of  course, ever materialized.   So, Republicans applied and extended what Senate Democrats had begun  in 2013. They had left out the Supreme Court from being dealt with with  a simple majority. So we decided we were going to return to where, by  the way, the judicial calendar was--by practice anyway--just a few  years ago. It was always dealt with with a simple majority. The Thomas  nomination proved it. That was the custom here, until our friends on  the other side decided to start a new custom, within the rules but a  new custom.    So, all of my friends, this happened as a result of the threshold  being lowered for the Supreme Court, and we are back to where we were  as recently as Clarence Thomas. The Executive Calendar is dealt with  with a simple majority. I think that is better for the country, and  they will benefit from that, too, at some point.   When you have a President and a Senate of the same party, obviously,  this is going to happen quicker. That is the way it has always been,  whether the rule allowed a filibuster or not. So, ironically, we are  back to where we were; the entire Executive Calendar will now be dealt  with as it was a few years ago, before all of this back-and-forth with  a simple majority.   Well, obviously, Justice Gorsuch was confirmed on a bipartisan basis  once the Executive Calendar was returned finally to a simple majority.   And then Justice Kavanaugh--most of us were here for that--despite  the horrific and embarrassing display that some of our Senate  colleagues aided and abetted, we made it through that.   So the good news is this: In about 72 hours, I anticipate we will  have a third new Associate Justice of the Supreme Court--in about 72  hours.   I do not blame some of my Democratic colleagues, who were not present  for all of this, who wish the Senate would behave differently.   But just know this--this is not spin. This is fact. Just know this:  Every new escalation, every new step, every new shattered precedent,  every one of them, was initiated over there. No exceptions. Every one  of them. And it all happened over the strenuous objection of  Republicans, who tried, in each instance, to stop Democrats from  trading away long-term Senate norms for short-term political wins.   Seventeen years ago, colleagues--seventeen years ago--Democrats were  boasting to newspapers about this brandnew campaign to politicize  judicial confirmations. They thought it was a great idea--bragged about  it. One of my colleagues called himself the king of the filibuster and  proudly wanted to own it. Well, sooner or later, the shoe is always on  the other foot.   So I hope our colleague from New York is happy with what he has  built. I hope he is happy with where his ingenuity has gotten the  Senate.   Colleague, we have had this argument over and over for months, if not  years. This is not really what we are here to debate today. We are here  to actually consider an outstanding nominee whose qualifications nobody  doubts--Judge Amy Coney Barrett.   So, colleagues, let's get on with it. Let's do our job. Let's  rediscover the rational treatment of nominations that the Democratic  leader embarked on a deliberate project, starting 20 years ago, to  erase.   We will give this nominee the vote she deserves no later than Monday.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I move to recess, and I ask for the  yeas and nays.   