 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, last Tuesday, the President delivered his  State of the Union Address. He discussed some of our biggest  accomplishments over the past 3 years, and, of course, chief among  those accomplishments is the economic progress we have made.   During the Obama administration, our economy spent years in the  doldrums. American families and American workers struggled to advance  in a historically slow recovery that left some experts predicting that  a weaker economy would be the new normal. Yet Republicans didn't  believe we should be resigning ourselves to that future. In fact, we  knew that the real strength of the American economy, American business,  and American workers was still there.   But we also knew that burdensome regulations and an outdated tax code  were preventing our economy from thriving the way it should, so we took  action. We cut burdensome regulations and passed historic reform of our  Tax Code. We cut tax rates for families, doubled the tax credit, and  nearly doubled the standard deduction.   Then we took aim at the parts of the Tax Code that were holding back  American workers and American businesses. We lowered tax rates across  the board for owners of small and medium-sized businesses, farms, and  ranches. We lowered our Nation's massive corporate tax rate, which was  the highest corporate tax rate in the developed world. We expanded  business owners' ability to recover the costs of investments they make  in their businesses, which frees up cash they can reinvest in their  operations and their workers. We brought the U.S. international tax  system into the 21st century so that American businesses are not  operating at a competitive disadvantage next to their foreign  counterparts.   Tax reform is working. Unemployment is near its lowest level in 50  years--50 years. Think about that. For the past 12 months, unemployment  has been below 4 percent, a record that was last achieved in the 1960s.  African Americans, Hispanic Americans and Asian Americans all saw  record low unemployment in 2019. Strong economic growth has also given  discouraged workers the confidence to come off of the sidelines and to  join the workforce.   Currently, the labor force participation rate is at its highest level  in 7 years. Last month, the economy created 225,000 jobs, well above  market expectations. All told, the economy has created an average of  171,000 jobs per month over the past 12 months--a strong number.   Wages are growing. For the past 18 months, wage growth has been at or  above 3 percent. And as the President said in his State of the Union  Address, this is a ``blue-collar boom.'' In contrast to the Obama  administration, in this economy, it is blue-collar workers who are  seeing the strong wage growth.   Gains in the stock market have been good news for American workers'  401(k)s and pensions. The list goes on.   Of course, while we have made a lot of progress, our work isn't done.  While our economy as a whole has thrived, our Nation's farm economy  continues to struggle. Low commodity and livestock prices, natural  disasters, and protracted trade disputes have made the last few years  challenging ones for farmers and ranchers.   One of the most important things we can do to help the farm economy  is negotiate trade deals that expand markets for American agriculture  products and give our farmers and ranchers certainty about what markets  will look like going forward. That is why I pushed for passage of the  United States-Mexico-Canada Trade Agreement, which the President signed  last month. This agreement will maintain and expand farmers' and  ranchers' access to the two biggest markets for American agricultural  products and provide certainty about what these markets will look like  for the foreseeable future.   I am particularly pleased about the improvements the agreement makes  [[Page S974]]  for the dairy industry, which is a growing industry in my State of  South Dakota. We need to conclude more strong trade agreements going  forward that will expand markets for American agriculture products.   The President also mentioned the trade agreement we are negotiating  with China. The President recently signed phase one of the agreement,  which includes a pledge from China to substantially increase its  imports of American agriculture products. That is excellent news for  farmers and ranchers, but we need to make sure that China actually  lives up to its commitments. As we know, China doesn't have the best  record in this regard, and it is important that the United States make  clear that any agreements must be honored.   We have made a lot of progress for the American people over the past  3 years, but, as I said, there is more work to be done. I hope to work  with my colleagues of both parties this year to continue to build on  the economic progress we have made and create more opportunities for  American workers. I will continue to make the needs of our Nation's  farmers and ranchers one of my top priorities. I am committed to seeing  our Nation's farm economy catch up to our economy as a whole.   I am proud that Republican economic policies have made life better  for American workers. I will continue to work to ensure that every  American has access to the benefits of our strong economy.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from South Carolina (Mr. Graham).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from South Carolina (Mr. Graham) and the Senator from North Carolina  (Mr. Tillis).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from South Carolina (Mr. Graham).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from South Carolina (Mr. Graham).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from South Carolina (Mr. Graham) and the Senator from North Carolina  (Mr. Tillis).   