 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, our Nation functions thanks to the  extraordinary devotion and patriotism of the American people. Every  city, every county, every State, and every party has a few patriots who  go above and beyond, dedicating their whole lives to making sure that  our system works and that our way of life is preserved so that we can  pass on our Republic as a precious inheritance to our children and our  grandchildren.   Billie Sue Hoggard was just such a patriot. She devoted her life to  her neighbors and fellow citizens in Jonesboro in northeast Arkansas.  Billie Sue went home to be with the Lord on Sunday at age 76.   Billie Sue loved America, she loved Arkansas, she loved the  Republican Party with all of her heart, and she devoted all of her  energy to making them great.   As a young child, sadly, Billie Sue knew the meaning of sacrifice.  Her adoptive father was killed in action during the Battle of the Bulge  in World War II. Although they had not met, he kept her baby photo in  his wallet. No doubt, he was proud to know the baby girl he adopted  grew up to carry on his legacy of service to others. I bet he told her  that on Sunday when they were reunited.   Billie Sue worked as a teacher in northeast Arkansas for decades,  helping young people grow up to become better citizens. Her career as  an educator was just one part of her commitment to public service. She  also served as a justice of the peace and the Republican Party  committee chair for Craighead County, where she brought energy and joy  and a little bit of feistiness to every meeting and every local  gathering.   Billie Sue was also a Republican well ahead of the pack, back in the  day when many counties didn't even have committees and some counties  could probably meet in a telephone booth. Her energy and commitment  were instrumental in helping our party win the trust and support of our  candidates in Jonesboro, in Craighead County, in northeast Arkansas,  and all around our State. It is thanks in no small part to her efforts  that Rick Crawford now represents northeast Arkansas in the House of  Representatives, the first Republican to hold that seat since  reconstruction.   I met Billie Sue shortly after my election to the House. She  encouraged me to run for the Senate. She promised to deliver Craighead  County if I did, and I can tell you, she kept that promise and then  some, as she always did.   Of course, Billie Sue was most committed of all to her family. Her  four children, seven grandchildren, and three great-grandchildren were  the loves of her life. In a fitting turn of fate, Billie Sue, the  adopted daughter of a servicemember, served herself as guardian to two  of her young granddaughters in her later years. She was in her  seventies when she raised those two young girls. In an act of love, she  stepped up for her family in its hour of need.   Billy Sue's health declined over the last year of her life. We all  know how the battles of illness can rob people we love of their  vitality in their final days. But while cancer could ravage her body,  it could never dampen Billy Sue's spirit. When I called her over this  last year to check on her, I always heard the same energy and passion-- and, yes, feistiness--as she wanted to skip over quickly how she was  doing and talk about the latest legislative battles here in Congress  and political campaigns in Arkansas.   Now Billie Sue has gone back to be with the Lord, but she is not  forgotten. Arkansans will remember her as a local leader and a patriot  who made her community and our State better through decades of tireless  service. May she rest in peace.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   