 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Michigan for  yielding.   I rise today in opposition to the act.   The coronavirus pandemic has affected every community in our country.  As this disease hit our shores, our economy has contracted  dramatically. Businesses were forced to close; workers have been  sidelined; and Americans are staying home.   While we recognize the public health benefits of this strategy, the  serious economic harm is very hard to ignore. Families are still  worried about making ends meet, even as States have begun to reopen.   With that in mind, I understand my colleagues' desire to do something  to keep affected families in their homes. I remain committed to just  that, helping families who are directly impacted by the coronavirus to  stay in their homes and to stay in their apartments. But this bill  fails on multiple fronts.   At a time when our national deficits are rising, and our national  debt now exceeds $26 trillion, my colleagues are proposing more than  $194 billion in new spending. More than half of that, $119 billion, is  earmarked for HUD, the Housing and Urban Development Department.   This would triple HUD's 2020 budget. Importantly, it does it without  implementing meaningful reforms to ensure accountability and  transparency.   The new spending comes on top of trillions of dollars in relief  already provided in the form of expanded unemployment benefits and  other types of economic relief.   We have seen legislation come before us in the HEROES Act, a grab bag  of liberal ideas. We now come back to the table with this.   One of those ideas, which I think is important to highlight the  impact that this will have in our community, is a resurrection of  misguided ideas, long-term eviction moratoriums.   Under the Emergency Housing Protections and Relief Act, the CARES  [[Page H2656]]  Act eviction moratorium now would be extended until June 25, 1 year  from the date of enactment. This moratorium would apply to all renters  regardless of whether or not they have been negatively impacted by the  coronavirus.    Mr. Speaker, this moratorium would apply to all renters,  not just those negatively impacted, through no fault of their own, due  to the coronavirus, not just those living in buildings with mortgages  backed by the Federal Government, but to everyone.   In other words, if enacted, this bill would impose broad and  unprecedented eviction moratoriums that would last for 15 months,  without regard to the impact of the coronavirus.   This would be very challenging for mom-and-pop landlords and very  impactful negatively to our local economies. Property taxes have a  higher priority on rent payments than mortgages, and an extension on  the eviction moratorium, in particular, would hurt local governments  trying to provide critical services that are in need right now.   Especially in these challenging times, we should not pursue policies  that increase stress for cash-strapped cities and towns.   Again, I understand and share our desired goal to keep people in  their homes. This bill just falls flat.   Mr. Speaker, we have a responsibility to do that thoughtfully and in  a targeted manner. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to oppose this  legislation.   