 Mr. President, as we all know and as any American who has  watched the news over the summer knows, there has been a terrible  increase in crime in America's cities. Assaults, shootings, murders  have been higher this year, and my home State has not been safe from  this trend. In fact, in St. Louis, MO, there were 55 murders in the  month of July. That compares to 22 murders a year earlier in July,  which we thought were way too many then. In Kansas City, MO, homicides  in the first 6 months of this year were about 40 percent higher than  they were last year.   One of the Kansas City victims was a 4-year-old boy named LeGend  Taliferro. He was murdered in the early hours of July 29 while he was  asleep--a 4-year-old boy murdered while he was asleep--by a random  shooting, violence going on outside his home. So early in July, the  Justice Department launched an effort in Kansas City that has become a  national effort, which they called Operation LeGend, named for little  LeGend Taliferro. Under Operation LeGend, Federal law enforcement  officers are working alongside local police to solve crimes, to make  arrests, to track down fugitives, and to prepare cases for trial so  criminals can be held accountable. The key phrase there is  ``alongside.'' Federal agents aren't going in and taking over the  police department; they are going in to add assistance to the police  department.   On that topic, there was no immediate raid of trafficking centers or  drug gangs or anything like that. I, frankly, thought the Justice  Department was wrong in not announcing earlier to Federal officials and  local officials what they were going to do and when they were going to  do it, but I think we worked with them to see that that isn't going to  continue to be the case. In fact, in early August, they made a similar  determination to go into St. Louis.   One of the advantages of having Federal officers work with the local  police in these cases is, one, they bring a whole lot more intensity to  the moment. With the extra help, suddenly something becomes possible  that wasn't possible before. Also, many of the people arrested can face  Federal charges as well as other sentences.   Certainly in our State--in Kansas City and Missouri both--the two  different U.S. attorney's offices have done a great job working with  local officials before this but are even better able to look at what  Federal charges might be faced to take some of that load off the local  prosecutor and also look for another way to get these people off the  street.   By September 1, in Kansas City, the operation had led to the arrest  of 355 people suspected of serious crimes in Kansas City. More than 100  of those 355 people have been charged in Federal court. In St. Louis,  where I said before that the government decided to bring Operation  LeGend--the Justice Department made that decision in early August, and  by September 1, there were already 359 arrests, and 128 of those people  arrested were looking at Federal charges as well.  [[Page S5632]]    In addition to St. Louis and Kansas City, the Department of Justice  has launched Operation LeGend in seven other cities. This is not a  Federal overreach. It is not the Federal Government, again, taking over  local law enforcement. It is not the first step toward martial law. It  is not a crackdown on peaceful protests. What it is, is a cooperative  effort with cities that have been suffering from increases in violent  crime.   Under this operation, officers have arrested, nationwide, more than  2,000 people, including 163 people for murder, and one of the people  arrested was the alleged killer of 4-year-old LeGend Taliferro.   The rise of violence in cities this year--and particularly the cities  I am talking about that have benefited, I think, from Operation  LeGend--has been incredibly rapid and unbearably destructive, not to  mention totally unacceptable. It has taken a toll on lives unlived,  families torn apart, communities terrorized, people wondering what is  going to happen when they or their children walk out the front door or  play in the backyard or, like little LeGend, are sound asleep in their  beds.   Nothing we do can fully heal the damage, certainly, that these  victims of violent crime and their families have suffered, but we can  get the justice that both the victim and people who care about them  deserve.   We may have a lot of disagreements in the Congress, but I hope we can  agree that violent criminals belong behind bars. I hope we can all  agree that all parents deserve a safe neighborhood where they can raise  their children. I hope we can all agree that the police do a difficult  and dangerous job, and they deserve all the support and appreciation we  can give them.   Not long ago, LeGend Taliferro's mother spoke about her son and the  pain of losing him. She said: ``He was a ball of joy, and I want his  legacy to live on and I want us to continue to fight against violence  and get justice for my son and others.'' That is the end of that  mother's quote, but it is not the end of a life that mother will now  live without her son or the life he didn't get to live. And there are  too many lives that didn't get to be lived, too many lives lost through  needless violence.   Operation LeGend gives local law enforcement the valuable support  they need to get violent criminals off the street. Again, it was named  for an innocent 4-year-old boy. It could have been named for any of the  thousands of other victims of violent criminals in dozens of other  cities this year. It could have been named for St. Louis Police Officer  Tamarris Bohannon, who was killed in the line of duty last month. It  could have been named for the two officers in California who had a  sneak attack as they were sitting and trying to secure the local  transportation center just in the last couple of days. It is a tragedy  that it had to be named for anyone.   While some people have sought to defund the police and to disparage  the police, Operation LeGend is successful because it supports the  police. These are some of the hardest jobs in America, second only to  the families of people who care deeply about their loved ones who have  decided to serve in that job to protect us all.   American communities are safer because of Operation LeGend. They will  be safer as we continue to work toward greater and more effective  community policing. They will be safer when people who are violent  criminals are no longer walking around to perpetuate further violence.   I salute the Justice Department for their efforts and the local  departments that have reached out and taken advantage of the moment to  get something done that they were not able to get done by themselves   I yield the floor.   