 Mr. President, shortly, I will offer a unanimous consent  request on legislation to extend enhanced unemployment insurance for  folks in America who are out of work.   I am going to begin with a quick check-in on the economic reality in  our country. Here is where we are in a sentence: Only half of the jobs  lost earlier this year have actually come back; the other half may  never come back. There is substantial evidence that many of these jobs  will be lost forever.   The permanent layoffs are stacking up. Right now, 25 million  Americans are receiving unemployment insurance. Their insurance  payments were slashed when Republicans let enhanced unemployment  insurance expire at the end of July.   Here is a particularly important fact. The number of Americans filing  new claims for unemployment insurance is still higher than any single  week during the great recession. Upward of 8 million Americans have  fallen into poverty over just the last few months. In the month of  September alone--just September--nearly 1 million women dropped out of  the workforce. To make matters worse, the pandemic that is causing all  of this economic carnage is just getting worse as the fall coronavirus  wave begins to rise across the country.   The restaurant and bar industry has been hurt, and the travel  industry, the live entertainment industry. We are talking about  millions and millions of workers who are out of a job right now, plus  millions more who are worried that they are going to get laid off this  winter as COVID-19 infections rise.   The fact is, despite what Donald Trump says, our economy isn't  anywhere near fully recovered--not even close. This jobs crisis won't  be over until the public health crisis is over. That is why, in the  meantime, the only reasonable and logical thing to do is to bring back  enhanced unemployment insurance and keep those benefits for the  duration of the emergency. That is what I am calling for this  afternoon. That is what I believe Members of Congress should be for.   The proposal that I offer extends the crucial programs from the CARES  Act--the extra $600 per week, what we developed in the Senate Finance  Committee. I see the distinguished Republican leader, Senator Thune,  who serves on our committee. We work together often. We developed it  there--the extra $600 per week, Pandemic Unemployment Assistance for  the self-employed, and additional benefits for them.   My God, the unemployment system was actually brought into this  century. The old system was close to 100 years old. Nobody ever heard  back then of a gig worker, but we got them covered.   So we want to extend those programs until January 31, 2021. In  addition to the enhanced unemployment benefits, what this does is it  avoids throwing millions and millions of Americans over a financial  cliff, essentially, at the end of the year.   It is my judgment that this is just basic economic fairness. This is  about making sure that tens of millions of Americans who walk an  economic tightrope during this pandemic will be able to pay the rent,  put food on the table, and buy medicine. Tens of millions of Americans,  from sea to shining sea--from Portland, OR, to Portland, ME-- desperately need this lifeline.   Continuing to block an extension of enhanced unemployment insurance,  in my view, is the economic equivalent of going for herd immunity with  COVID-19--telling the most vulnerable people out there that they are,  in effect, on their own; that their government has no interest in  standing up for them.   From the beginning of this pandemic, my colleagues on the other side  have opposed the enhanced unemployment insurance concept that I am  talking about. Back in March, Senate Democrats said replacing  people's lost wages was going to be right up at the top of our  priorities list for the CARES Act. I consider it one of the most  important efforts I have been part of during my time in public service,  and we were all able to get it in the bill. It turned out  [[Page S6353]]  it was the only provision that the Republican majority attempted to  remove.    Just process that for a moment. We had a debate on the floor of the  Senate. There was only one thing Senate Republicans wanted to remove.  They wanted to remove the provision I am describing that would give  millions of Americans who are hurting the opportunity to make rent and  buy groceries and get their kids sneakers and pay for medicine. I am  still incredulous about this, but, actually, one Member of the minority  came up to me before we voted and said: Ron, what you are talking about  is going to cause nurses to leave their jobs now during the pandemic  and go into retirement and get unemployment. And I said: You have to be  kidding. I handed the Senator the article from the local paper that  described how nurses were actually coming out of retirement to work  during the pandemic because they cared so deeply about their community.   Fortunately, that Republican effort that night to gut the expanded  unemployment benefits failed, and now I think we have people from  across the political spectrum saying that that program has turned out  to be one of the most successful safety net programs in decades--in  decades.   For months, Republicans have been repeating the same story about why  they oppose the expanded unemployment insurance. They say it is because  what we did is holding back the economy--that it is a disincentive to  work and lazy workers are choosing to sit at home collecting insurance.  Wrong, wrong, wrong. It was wrong from the beginning, and it now should  be obvious.   Enhanced unemployment insurance expired at the end of July--July 31.  If those insurance payments were really shackling our economy and being  a disincentive to work, then, why wasn't there a megaboom in hiring in  August? The fact is that job growth shot down immediately after  enhanced unemployment insurance expired, and it plummeted in September.   The reasons to bring back enhanced unemployment insurance ought to be  clear: It is the right thing to do in terms of economic fairness for  workers. And the main argument against enhanced unemployment insurance  has been proven wrong.   Finally, renewing enhanced unemployment insurance is absolutely key  to protecting our public health. The pandemic is raging now. Cases are  going up. There are hotspots all over the map. We are in what so many  of the experts say is the tip of the third wave of the virus: cold  weather coming up, folks being indoors. And in some parts of the  country, mayors or Governors may soon face the possibility that certain  areas could go back into lockdown. Business owners might begin to  wonder if staying open is too dangerous a prospect--particularly, if  you are talking about places like restaurants and cafes. Taking the  steps needed to crush the virus is going to be a lot easier if workers  have the backstop of enhanced unemployment insurance so they have the  money--in South Dakota, in Oregon, and every part of the country--to  make rent and pay for groceries.   Blocking enhanced unemployment insurance creates a disincentive to  crush the virus with strong action and will lead to more people  spending more time in more hotspots, perpetuating both the tragedy of  the pandemic as well as the tragedy of our anemic economic recovery.   I will close with this. It does not have to be this way. There is a  lot more work to be done. State and local governments need more funding  for hospitals and testing. We need support for our schools. We need  support for basic municipal services. There ought to be more  opportunities to talk about those issues in the days ahead.   Right now, passage of enhanced unemployment insurance is long  overdue. I see my friend from South Dakota, with whom I have worked  often in the Finance Committee. We have been on this floor again and  again over the last few months talking about this.   I offered a proposal with the distinguished Democratic leader,  Senator Schumer. We thought that was something that would be appealing  to both sides. But the bottom line is for this Chamber, as we are  looking at the coronavirus spike again, to say that we are not going to  stand up for people who are just trying to make rent and pay for  groceries.   Somebody asked me at home. I was just at home. I got into virtually  every nook and cranny in my State over the last couple of weeks in a  socially distant way. People said: What do I see people spend the  unemployment money on? They said: They all seem to be in the grocery  store. I said: They are paying for rent and groceries and essentials.  They sure aren't using unemployment money to buy scarves or fancy  things from overseas. They are using it for essentials. My view is, the  Senate has no choice but to extend the enhanced unemployment insurance.   Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of my bill to  provide continued assistance to unemployed workers, which is at the  desk; I further ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read  three times and passed, and that the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, just to respond to the Senator from South  Dakota, it has always been a bedrock argument from Senate Republicans  that somehow unemployment insurance is a disincentive for people to  work. If that were the case--unemployment benefits expired in July,  July 31. If somehow those unemployment benefits were shackling the  economy, creating disincentives to work, why wasn't there a mega boom  in the workforce in August? The reason is pretty obvious: Those  unemployment benefits were not a disincentive. That has been the case  as well into September and October.   The one thing I do want to take exception to with respect to my  colleague's remarks is--he said Republicans never sought to gut the  $600. That is just not accurate. On the floor, the Republicans wanted  to take out that amount, which everybody was going to get, and replace  it with something that was completely unworkable and wouldn't have  gotten benefits to unemployed workers quickly.   You don't have to take my word for it. Eugene Scalia, the Secretary  of Labor, during days and days of negotiations, as we talked about the  concept the Senator from South Dakota has raised, the whole notion of  wage replacement, the Secretary of Labor said, can't be done. The  States don't have the technology to do it.   Those discussions went on for days because Republicans were insistent  on going with this wage-replacement idea, which has now been  characterized by a Republican labor official in Georgia as one of the  dumbest ideas he had heard of because it was so unworkable.   Finally, I said that we are not going to stiff these workers, so we  will take an average. Some people will get more than they normally  would; some people would get less than they normally would from their  wage and benefits. We will take an average, but, by God, the checks  will get out quickly to people who had been sent home through no fault  of their own. They were quarantined, as we all know, because we were  desperate to beat the virus. People would have that money for groceries  and rent.   That is why we went with $600, because the idea that my colleague  from South Dakota has spoken about today and that Republicans always  talk about was declared by the Republican Secretary of Labor, Eugene  Scalia, as being unworkable, and if we were going to get a check to  people in a timely way, we had to go with the $600.   My staff and I put it together. We used this smartphone to make the  calculations. We showed it to Secretary Mnuchin because it stayed  within the budget limits. And that was how we got to $600. It was the  only way to get an unemployment check out to people quickly.   Thank goodness the Republican motion to strip it was defeated because  had the Republicans won, there would have been a lot of people during  those 4 months--essentially ending July 31--who couldn't have made  rent, couldn't have paid for groceries. That is just plain old wrong.   We are going to continue to work in a bipartisan way. My colleague  and I agree on the point that we want to do big things in the Finance  Committee. We have to work in a bipartisan way.   I just say to the Presiding Officer and my colleagues, to go back to  what my friend from South Dakota says is the way to go even though the  Secretary of Labor said it couldn't be done is a mistake. That is why  we have advocated going with something that we know worked and provided  an awful lot of relief to people and does not create a disincentive to  work. If it did, when it expired, we would have had a hiring boom in  August. That wasn't the case.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, just very briefly, my friend from South  Dakota said I had called Republicans ``heartless.'' That was not my  word, but when Americans who have a great work ethic and believe, as my  friend from Ohio has always talked about, in the dignity of work but  can't get jobs and can't make rent and can't pay for groceries, I don't  think we should say, when they need a loaf of bread: Well, we will just  settle for a slice.   The people I met in Oregon all through last week desperately want to  work. They know that it is the path of upward mobility in the private  economy. Yet, as we have seen, lots of jobs are gone. You can go down  Main Streets, and there is barely a car moving. That is why we have  said, as my friend from Ohio always talks about, when those workers  believe deeply in the importance of work, and they know, by the way,  that it is the only way they can secure upward mobility in the private  economy. When they can't do it as a result of this pandemic, which is  spiking again, we don't think it is wrong to make sure people get a  sufficient benefit to pay rent and buy groceries.   I yield the floor.   