 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of Calendar No. 627, S. 2716.    I further ask that the committee-reported amendment be  considered and agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read  a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of Calendar No. 576, S. 3100.    I ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported  substitute amendment be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be  considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of Calendar No. 606, S. 4556.    I further ask that the bill be considered read a third  time and passed, and that the motion to reconsider be considered made  and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask  unanimous  [[Page S7868]]  consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of  Calendar No. 575, S. 3099.    I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a  third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made  and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of Calendar No. 558, S. 3948.    I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a  third time.    I know of no further debate on the bill.    I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of Calendar No. 586, S. 2346.    I ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported  substitute be withdrawn; that the Wicker substitute at the desk be  agreed to; and that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third  time.    I know of no further debate on the bill.    I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of H.R. 6535, which was received from the House.    I ask unanimous consent that the bill be read a third  time.    I know of no further debate on the bill.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of H.R. 1240, which was received from the House.    I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a  third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban  Affairs be discharged from further consideration of S. 3952 and the  Senate proceed to its immediate consideration.    I ask unanimous consent that the Van Hollen substitute  amendment, which is at the desk, be considered and agreed to and that  the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time.    I know of no further debate on the bill, as amended.    I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of S. 5076 introduced earlier today.    I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a  third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.   