 Mr. Speaker, I do support the bill that  we are talking about. I have been a longtime supporter of medical  marijuana use, and I certainly believe that the bipartisan legislation  that is being put forward today is a great idea.   But it is also great to follow my favorite legalized drug dealer here  at the dais, Buddy Carter, the only pharmacist in Congress. This is a  guy who says a lot of things about   Greg Walden. All of them are true,  but I am going to get to that in a bit.   Mr. Speaker, I am here to thank my good friend,   Donald Payne, Jr.,  for allowing me to cosponsor a bill that is very personal to me, and  that is the Removing Barriers to Colorectal Cancer Screening Act of  2020.   As some of you may know, my wife was diagnosed with early-onset  colorectal cancer in 1999. She was 26 years old, and she is a 21-year  cancer survivor today. It is a genetic form of cancer, Lynch syndrome,  that I hope and pray that families like mine and many others don't have  to continue to fight.   But it is imperative that we catch cancer in its early stages, and I  can speak from experience, with my wife constantly being misdiagnosed  just a few short years ago, and that is exactly what this legislation  does for our Medicare population.   Put simply, this legislation ensures that, if a Medicare beneficiary  receives a colonoscopy, which is covered by Medicare, he or she won't  be billed for any subsequent tests on polyps that may be discovered  during the screening.    The current policy of providing colonoscopies at no cost to  beneficiaries but then billing them for potential findings, that  greatly disincentivizes vulnerable individuals from actually seeking  the screening process, which could lead to worse cancer and possibly  death.   This is a commonsense fix that will save lives. I am proud to colead  it, again, with my good friend, Mr. Payne. This is bipartisan.   But before I close, I want to take a moment to thank the countless  advocates who have visited my office to fight for increased screening,  including those with Fight Colorectal Cancer and the American Cancer  Society. Today's vote stands as a testament to their advocacy and hard  work.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank, again, Chairman Pallone and Ranking  Member Walden and everyone on the Energy and Commerce Committee and the  Ways and Means Committee for working with us to move this legislation  forward.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes.''   Mr. Speaker, now I do want to take some time--it is actually ironic  to watch all of the well wishes to Greg Walden.   After first meeting him on an airplane that happened to land at the  wrong airport, I didn't have a lot of high hopes for you, Mr. Ranking  Member. I mean, who lands at the wrong airport, except an airplane that  Greg Walden is on?   Unlike a lot of folks that are here touting what you have done, I  say: Good riddance. It is about time.   In all seriousness, my friend, this place is going to miss you. This  place is going to miss your humor. This place is going to miss your  leadership and your tenacity. I can't tell you how proud I am to not  just call you my colleague, but my friend.   Thank you for everything you have done for me and what you have done  for this great institution. It is a better place because you served  here, and it will not be as good a place without you here.   