 Mr. President, during my time in the U.S. Senate, I have  had, right here, the privilege of being part of the confirmation  process for each Justice currently sitting on the Supreme Court--yes,  each one. As such, over the years I have had the opportunity to meet  with many of the Nation's most talented jurists. At this time, I  consider Judge Amy Coney Barrett to be the most qualified Supreme Court  nominee I have encountered in my 34 years in the U.S. Senate.   Let me explain.   Education--that is important. Judge Barrett, born and raised in the  New Orleans area, is the eldest of seven children, as has been spoken  of here. And if you take a look at her scholastic credentials, you know  she was an exceptional student. Judge Barrett graduated magnum cum  laude from Rhodes College in Memphis, TN, and was inducted into Phi  Beta Kappa. She also graduated summa cum laude from Notre Dame Law  School, where she was the executive editor of the Notre Dame Law Review  and finished first in her class.   Look at some of her professional experience. This is important.   Judge Barrett is no stranger to the courtroom. She has decades of  exemplary professional legal experience that I believe deem her well  qualified to sit as a Supreme Court Justice.   Following law school, Judge Barrett clerked for Justice Laurence  Silberman of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia  Circuit. He is a great jurist in his own right, Judge Silberman.   One year later, she had clerked at the U.S. Supreme Court for Justice  Scalia, one of the renowned judges, gaining fundamental legal  experience that would help shape her future legal career.   From there, she practiced law and taught as a visiting professor at  George Washington University Law School here in Washington.   Judge Barrett went on to serve as a law professor for 15 years at her  alma mater, Notre Dame University Law School. In that period of time,  she was awarded Notre Dame Law School's Distinguished Professor of the  Year Award three separate times.   Most recently, in 2017, Judge Barrett was confirmed right here in the  Senate as a judge for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh  Circuit. And during this time on the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals,  she authored 79--79--majority opinions as a circuit court judge.   Let's review for a minute the judicial philosophy and temperament of  Judge Barrett. I think that is highly important. While her education  and professional experience are certainly noteworthy, it is her  judicial philosophy and temperament that really set her nomination  apart, I believe, from a lot of others.   I am a firm believer that any nominee to the Supreme Court must and  should demonstrate that he or she consistently and honorably applies  the law as it is written, impartially and equally to all individuals.   Judge Barrett has, time and again, shown through her opinions and her  statements that she will base her decisions on the law and the  Constitution, not on personal policy preferences, as it should be.   She has also demonstrated a deep commitment to the Constitution and  its protections established by our Founding Fathers.   When considering potential nominees to the Supreme Court, I find  one's judicial temperament to be vitally important.   The American Bar Association Standing Committee on the Federal  Judiciary, which consists of 19 lawyers who conduct nonpartisan peer  reviews of Federal judicial nominees, relies on confident assessments  of judges, lawyers, law professors and deans, community leaders, and  others with knowledge of the nominee.   I want to share what some of them have said about her. For Judge  Barrett, the committee invited 944 people to  [[Page S6557]]  provide input into whether she is qualified for the Supreme Court. I  would like to share here in the Senate this afternoon just a few of the  comments that the American Bar Association committee provided.   They said about her, ``whip smart, highly productive, punctual and  well-prepared.''   ``A brilliant writer and thinker.''   ``An intellectual giant with people skills and engaging warmth.''   ``The myth is real. She is a staggering academic mind.''   Judge Barrett ``has demonstrated stellar judicial temperament in all  settings: She is often described as a `good listener' who makes time  for people, whether they are law students, law clerks, colleagues or  friends.''   Of other note here, I have comments from Randall Noel, the chair of  the American Bar Association Standing Committee, and he said Judge  Barrett ``is incredibly honest and forthright.'' Judge Barrett is an  ``exemplar of living an integrated life in which her intellect,  integrity and compassion weave the different threads of her life  together seamlessly.'' Think about all this. He also says: ``All of the  experienced, dedicated, and knowledgeable sitting judges, legal  scholars, and lawyers who have worked with or against Judge Barrett had  high praise for her intellect and [her] ability to communicate clearly  and effectively.''    It is no surprise that the American Bar Association found Barrett's  professional competence to have exceeded their high standards for  Supreme Court nominees.   As a country, we should seek, I believe, to have judges who are  thoughtful, fair-minded, and respectful. Judge Barrett exemplifies all  of these traits.   In conclusion, I believe that the role of the Constitution of advice  and consent that we talk about here to the Supreme Court nominees to be  one of my most important responsibilities here in the Senate. Judge Amy  Coney Barrett is as qualified for the U.S. Supreme Court as any nominee  I have encountered in 34 years here, and I have the utmost confidence  that she will serve the Court and this country with honesty and  integrity. I look forward later today to voting to confirm her  nomination and encourage my colleagues to do the same.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   