 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, the number of confirmed coronavirus  cases in the United States has recently surpassed 100. As more  Americans are tested in the days and weeks to come, that number is  expected to increase. Just this morning, we learned that a second New  Yorker, from New Rochelle in Westchester County, has contracted the  virus and is in serious condition and currently in a New York hospital.  Our prayers are with him and his family.   This only underlines the urgent need to respond to the coronavirus on  a national scale. The only appropriate response in Congress is to come  together quickly and in a bipartisan fashion to deliver the resources  and authorities our Federal agencies need to track and combat the  virus, treat Americans with the disease, and develop a vaccine and  additional treatments. We also must aid the States and localities in  their efforts to deal with the disease because they are on the  frontlines.   I am glad that Congress is headed in that direction. I expect that,  today, appropriators will announce an agreement on an emergency,  bipartisan funding package to deal with the coronavirus. The agreement  is expected to include between $7 billion and $8 billion of funding-- very close to the $8.5 billion that we Senate Democrats requested last  week--and over four or five times the amount of new funding initially  proposed by the administration.   That is good news. When it comes to Americans' health and safety,  there is no reason to be penny wise and pound foolish. If the bean  counters at OMB unnecessarily cut the money we need, it will cost us  more in the long run. It is far better to get our public health  professionals, experts, and agencies the funding they need, up front  and all together, rather than be forced to pass additional  appropriations in the coming months. We may have to, but we ought not  skimp now. If we did skimp, the scenario would make no sense. Yet, left  to its own devices, that is what the administration would have done. So  I am glad we pushed them earlier, despite the fact that President Trump  didn't want to hear anything contrary to what he was proposing.   I am pleased that both parties in Congress, in both Houses of  Congress, are coming together to do the responsible thing. I hope and  expect that we can pass the emergency appropriations through the Senate  before the end of the week.   As Congress does what is necessary to respond to the coronavirus,  unfortunately, the Trump administration's efforts leave much to be  desired. While the Trump administration's response is slow, halting,  loose with the facts, and President Trump blames everyone but himself,  Congress--Democrats and Republicans, House and Senate--are acting like  the adults in the room. We are not letting President Trump's  accusations and nastiness, his false statements and his inability to  really grapple with the problem--and, instead, try to brush it away-- get in our way of doing what America needs to have done and done  immediately.   Congressional appropriators have had to include provisions in the  emergency bill to prevent the administration from stealing funds from  other public health and disease programs to fight the coronavirus. That  is what the White House wanted to do. Test kits were not as widely  available or accurate as they should have been in the early days of the  coronavirus outbreak. POLITICO reported this morning that the  administration was very slow to develop an accurate test for  coronavirus and slow to allow hospitals and public health labs to  develop that on their own.   The emergency funding bill seeks to deal with these two issues. It  explicitly funds laboratory testing. We may have to do even more in the  weeks to come, but that is no reason not to immediately give a generous  appropriation so that testing can be done. Every day we delay testing,  every time a person who needs a test doesn't get one, is a day and a  time when the virus gets worse and worse and worse and can spread.   There are still major issues with the lack of testing infrastructure  that is being provided by the administration. States and cities still  don't have enough tests, and yesterday we heard from the National  Indian Health Board that the Indian Health Service and Tribal health  facilities are being left behind in the coronavirus response and have  received few, if any, resources. That is unacceptable.   Meanwhile, as Congress works--Democrats and Republicans, House and  Senate--to come up with a strong, comprehensive bill with the necessary  dollars, President Trump continues to spread rumor, loose speculation,  and happy talk. If any member of the administration tells the President  something optimistic, he repeats it and exaggerates it to the point of  absurdity. The President said the disease might magically ``disappear''  once the weather gets warmer and promised that the  [[Page S1275]]  vaccine would arrive ``soon''--his words. Only yesterday were a group  of governmental health experts and pharmaceutical executives able to  convince the President that a vaccine will not be ready in a matter of  months--as the President believed and said--and, in fact, could take a  year to develop.   We need leadership in this country. We need serious leadership at a  time of crisis like this. We don't need the facts being brushed under  the rug. We don't need executives being told: Just do happy talk. Don't  tell the American people the truth.   We don't need a President who doesn't know the facts and blithely  states whatever pops into his head that he thinks will benefit him for  the moment.   This is a crisis. There is no substitute for credibility and honesty  from our political leaders. We need the President and his team to level  with the American people and tell the truth, more during a health  crisis than ever before. Our public health professionals must tell the  President the facts, and the President and his team must tell the  American public the facts--just the facts.   Now, the Vice President and Ambassador Debbie Birx will speak to both  Senate caucuses at lunch today. I am disappointed that Dr. Anthony  Fauci, the Director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious  Diseases, who was originally slated to join us, is no longer coming,  but Senate Democrats have many questions for the Vice President about  his administration's response to the outbreak and, even more  importantly, what they are doing now to help deal with the problem as  it gets worse and worse.   We look forward to pressing him on the need for transparency and  decisiveness and hopefully getting useful answers because the health  and safety of the American people are at stake.   I yield the floor.   