 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7575, the Water  Resources Development Act for 2020. This legislation is the result of  bipartisan work and leadership of Committee Chairman DeFazio and  Ranking Member Graves and many others. It deserves to be passed by the  this House as a vital contribution to improving and maintaining our  Nation's ports system, inland waterways, dams, levees, aids to  navigation, flood control, and the many critical support and  operational functions of our U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in support of  national, state and local water resources development needs.   Alaska's 33,904 miles of shoreline dwarf the Lower 48 and with fewer  miles of paved road than Rhode Island, Alaska's rivers are our highways  and our ports are the lifeblood of our state's communities. The  Committee continues to make incremental progress on embracing the  unique challenges Alaskan communities face with respect to port and  harbor improvements, inland waterway navigation, flood and storm  protection and other water resource infrastructure overseen by the Army  Corps of Engineers.   The Army Corps Alaska District is an integral partner to Alaska's  communities managing significant project demand with limited resources.  However, need continues to outpace available appropriations and Corps  resources to get projects completed. The reforms to the Harbor  Maintenance Trust Fund included in this bill is a step in the right  direction and I will continue to advocate for greater federal  investment for our nation's water infrastructure.   I am particularly pleased that WRDA 2020 contains an authorization  for improvements to the Port of Nome, Alaska as well as other  provisions for ports and harbors in Alaska. It is rewarding to see that  a majority of my colleagues from both sides of the aisle in this House  and in the other body, have come to recognize, along with the  Administration, the essential and indispensable strategic, national  defense and commercial importance of the Arctic for our Nation's  future.   The authorization of $490,919,000 for the Arctic Deep Draft Port  project in Nome included in this bill has been a long time coming, and  it is a positive step forward for Alaska and the country. The Port of  Nome, due to its geographic location, is a strategic transportation hub  that meets the needs of U.S. Arctic Policy by strengthening U.S.  present in the region. The Port of Nome expansion is critical to ensure  more effective search and rescue and environmental response activities  as vessel traffic increases throughout the Arctic. The port will serve  the country's National interests and support Coast Guard and Navy  operations. It will also expand an existing logistics  [[Page H3961]]  hub for more than 50 Alaskan coastal communities to help reduce the  cost of living and create economic opportunity throughout Alaska and  the Pacific Northwest.   I want to commend the Army Corp's Alaska District, General Semonite  and Assistant Secretary James for all their hard work to get the Chiefs  report done in time for this bill. As a former tugboat captain in  Alaska, I know how important it is to have good ports, and I would like  to thank the Chairman and the Ranking Member for including this  provision in the bill.   The bill also provides for the authorization of two other much needed  projects to benefit Alaskan harbors. The bill authorizes a $34,937,000  dredging project for Unalaska Dutch Harbor. Dutch Harbor is one of the  nation's top fishing ports measured by catch volume and value and is  essential to the Alaska fishing economy and the nation's food supply.  The project will dredge the entrance channel of the harbor to 58 feet  improving the ability of commercial, U.S. Coast Guard, U.S. Navy, U.S.  military assets and ships from allied nations to utilize the harbor.   The bill also includes language to include the authorization for St.  George's navigation improvements project pending the timely release of  a positive Chiefs Report from the Army Corps. The project will provide  for the operability, safety and reliability of the St. George Harbor as  promised by the federal government to aid the transition of the economy  of the Pribilof Islands away from fur seals to commercial fishing.   Importantly, the bill makes an improvement to the Tribal Partnership  Program by increasing the per project federal cost share cap to $15  million dollars from $12.5 million. This improvement is a step in the  right direction and the increase begins to take into account the  challenges Alaska faces with higher project costs. In forthcoming WRDA  bills, I will continue to work with my colleagues and the Committee to  ensure that Corps policies regarding benefit-cost ratios, existing  authorities and cost share requirements treat Alaska fairly and take  into account all the unique environmental challenges present in Alaska.   As this bill moves into the Conference process, I will continue  working with my colleagues to include language, present in the Senate's  draft bill, that will protect nonfederal project sponsors from  shouldering cost liabilities incurred by the Army Corps through no  fault of their own. This language is needed for Project Cooperation  Agreement in instances where the Army Corps has been assessed a large  adverse judgment by the Armed Services Board of Contract Appeals or  another court of competent jurisdiction.   In December 2018, the Aleutians East Borough was notified by the Army  Corps that the Armed Services Board of Contract Appeals had awarded  Kelly-Ryan, Inc. a $20,000,000 judgement for a procurement dispute  arising in 2006-09 over the construction of a breakwater and other  general navigation features in False Pass, Alaska. The standard Project  Cooperation Agreement between a non-federal project sponsor and the  Corps for any Civil Works project sets out the specific cost-sharing  requirements applicable to the project. The Agreement includes a  definition of ``total costs of construction of the general navigation  features''. This definition includes ``the Government's costs of  contract dispute settlements or awards''. The costs of disputes,  claims, and equitable adjustments are added to the final cost of a  project and allocated between the non-federal and USACE based on the  cost-share formula.   The Army Corps has verbally informed the Borough that 20 percent of  this judgement ($4 million) may be allocated to the Borough's financial  share of the project in the future. Notably, the dispute had nothing to  do with the project's design, engineering, or construction. The dispute  was instead focused on the manner in which the USACE's contracting  officer sought to comply with a congressional directive changing the  manner in which the Corps funded continuing contracts. Non-federal  sponsors, especially smaller rural communities, should not be required  to carry a significant share of the financial burden when there is a  violation of procurement law peripheral to the actual design,  engineering, and construction of the project itself.   As many know one of my mottos is ``Alaska to the future.'' Looking  ahead, as the only ``Arctic State'' in the Union, Alaska will play the  central role in hosting future arctic infrastructure including as  ``System of Ports'' and safe harbors as national security, government  and commercial activities inevitably increase in and around the Arctic  in the coming years. The Army Corp's Alaska Deep-Draft Arctic Port  System Study and recent Defense Department and U.S. Coast Guard  strategic studies have shown that, U.S. strategic interests will  benefit from increased arctic infrastructure including port  infrastructure to cover Alaska's vast arctic land mass.   What is needed, and what has been called for, is a ``System of U.S.  Arctic Ports'' whereby the improvements at Nome should be the first in  a series of needed improvements at other key Alaska locations that will  provide the United States with the breadth of assets including a  specialized Ports System for coverage and access to the Arctic.   One location that should warrant due consideration for future  improvements in an Arctic Ports System is Port Clarence/Point Spencer  located immediately adjacent to the Bering Strait. Today's U.S. year- round ice free ``Arctic'' ports are in Dutch Harbor, Adak, and St.  Paul, Alaska which play important roles because of their locations. As  ice navigability improves the natural and protected deep-water port of  Port Clarence can serve as a year-round potential forward service  center and port of refuge close to, and directly adjacent to the key  ``choke point'' of the Bering Strait.   The following is a brief overview of key information about this  strategically located natural deep-water port in the Arctic:   Port Clarence is north-northwest of Nome (70 miles), on the Seward  Peninsula, and is a protected natural deep-water harbor. It is  sheltered by a long isthmus called Point Spencer. Most recently, the  U.S. Coast Guard based a LORAN facility at Point Spencer with  associated power and an 8,000-foot airstrip (4,500 feet of paved runway  and 3,500 feet of extended gravel-covered runway).   Port Clarence's protected harbor served Indigenous people of the  region before contact with European cultures.   Port Clarence served as a port of refuge for whaling vessels in the  mid-1850s while Alaska was under Russian sovereignty. It still serves  as the Port of Refuge from storms for vessels, including U.S. Coast  Guard vessels and other government and commercial vessels travelling  through the Bering Strait or docked temporarily in Nome.   From 1866 to 1867, Port Clarence served as the forward operating base  for the Western Union Telegraph Expedition in the attempt to link the  continents with an undersea telegraph cable.   Around 1884 it became the central summer refitting port for the  Arctic fleet, which usually arrived in July and headed south around  September (unless they elected to overwinter there).   The Port of Nome project and potential development Port Clarence/ Point Spencer is positioned to become a key part of America's deep- water Arctic Ports System, ready to receive and assist vessels moving  to and from Arctic destinations, trans-Arctic shipping, or Navy and  Coast Guard vessels and aircraft undertaking a wide variety of missions  from those dealing with national security to economic development,  search and rescue, shipping safety, oil spill prevention, response and  clean up, arctic research, maritime law enforcement on the Bering Sea,  the Chukchi Sea, and the Arctic Ocean.   The Congress authorized the transfer of certain tracts of land at  Point Spencer to Bering Straits Native Corporation (BSNC) while  providing the opportunity for retention of certain tracts by the USCG  and the State of Alaska should the USCG and the State wish to retain  those tracts. Port development at Point Spencer-Port Clarence should  proceed as a cooperative effort among the State, the Federal  government, and BSNC in coordination with the enhancements of the Port  of Nome.   Port Clarence has, historically been and will continue to be a  valuable ``Port of Refuge'' because of its naturally deep waters and  naturally protected harbor--as shipping vessel traffic continues to  increase in the Arctic.   BSNC is working now with U.S. Corps of Engineers to place 30-ton and  60-ton industrial grade mooring system buoys at Port Clarence to serve  maritime safety needs for the entire Bering Strait Region.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues Chairman DeFazio and Ranking  Member Graves for their leadership in this unusually challenging time  in the Congress and for our nation by bringing this bipartisan Water  Resources Development Act legislation to the House Floor. I look  forward to the positive impact that WRDA 2020 will have on our nation's  water resources development for decades to come.   