 Madam President, before I get started on my comments, I  want to commend my colleague from California, who has served in this  body with great distinction for a long time, who was present during the  preceding impeachment proceedings under President Clinton, and who,  time and again--and I have had the honor of following in her shoes on  the Intelligence Committee--has always been a voice who stood up for  what is right, for what is correct, oftentimes what may not be  politically expedient but what she thinks is right and appropriate.   It is with great honor that I follow her as I make my statement as  well on this most serious of matters, the impeachment of Donald J.  Trump. So I thank my friend, the senior Senator from California, for  her comments.    I will echo many of her thoughts.   Madam President, I want to begin my remarks the way we began this  trial: with the oath we each took to do impartial justice. Now, any  other day, we walk into this Chamber as Republicans and Democrats, but  in this trial we have a much greater responsibility.   The allegations against this President are grave. The House managers  presented a compelling case, based on the testimony of more than a  dozen witnesses. And the remarkable thing about the dozen witnesses  that we saw clips of: all of these witnesses were either appointees-- political appointees--of President Trump or career public servants. The  fact that these dozen-plus witnesses had the courage to speak truth to  power when they knew that their careers, their reputations would be  sullied in many ways speaks volumes.   Their testimony and the House managers' case presents a clear fact  pattern, a fact pattern that even many of my Republican colleagues  acknowledge is true.   This evidence reflects a corrupt scheme to solicit foreign  interference in support of this President's reelection. The President  both unlawfully withheld aid to an ally at war with Russia and he  withheld a White House  [[Page S840]]  meeting that would have strengthened our relationship with a  democratically elected leader of Ukraine, a leader who was trying to  prevent further Russian occupation of his country.   The President used these powerful tools of American foreign policy as  leverage--not leverage to further advance America's national interests  but leverage to secure investigations into a political opponent. He  also used these as an opportunity to try to expound on the so-called  CrowdStrike conspiracy theory, a notion that has been repeatedly  debunked by Mr. Trump's own law enforcement and intelligence agencies;  a theory that somehow it was Ukraine, not Russia, that attacked our  democracy in 2016. It is a theory, by the way, that currently has been  and continues to be promoted by the Russian spy services.   Since this information came to light, the President has attempted to  confound the House of Representatives' constitutional role in the  impeachment process. The White House issued a blanket refusal to  provide any witnesses or documents without any historical precedent or  sound legal argument to support this position. For this reason,  President Trump is also charged with obstruction of Congress.   Frankly, I understand some of the points the President's defense team  has raised concerning this second Article of Impeachment. There are  legitimate questions to consider about executive privilege and  separation of powers, but we cannot accept the absolute immunity  argument this White House has invented. This absolute stance and the  evidence we have seen about the President's corrupt actions and  intentions do not reflect a principled, good-faith defense of executive  privilege. Rather, it suggests an effort to deny Congress the  constitutional authority to investigate Presidential wrongdoing and,  ultimately, to prevent exposure of the President's conduct.   In reviewing this evidence, I have tried to stick to my oath of  impartiality. I have tried to keep an open mind about what witnesses  like John Bolton and Mick Mulvaney--people who were in the room with  the President--could tell us. If anyone can provide new information  that further explains the President's actions, it is they. But I don't  see how the White House's desperate efforts to block witnesses is  anything but an admission that what they would say under oath would not  be good for this President. And I am deeply disappointed that the  Senate could not achieve the majority necessary for a full, fair trial.  Consequently, the defense of the President that we are left with is  thin, legalistic, and, frankly, cynical.   Instead of disputing the core facts, which are damning on their own  terms, the President's lawyers have resorted to remarkable legal  gymnastics. The notion that even if the President did what he is  accused of, abuse of power is not impeachable; that foreign  interference is not a crime; that even calling witnesses to seek the  truth about the President's actions and motivations might somehow  endanger the Republic. And then when Professor Dershowitz made his  bizarre argument that abusing Presidential power to aid your reelection  cannot be impeachable if you believe your own election to be in the  national interest, I paid close attention. Frankly, I paid closer  attention to what Professor Dershowitz said in this Chamber than I paid  when I was in his class back in 1977. But you don't need a Harvard Law  School degree to understand what utter nonsense that argument is and  where it could take us if we followed it to its logical conclusion.   The Framers wrote impeachment into the Constitution precisely because  they were worried about the abuse of Presidential power. And if an  abuse of power is what the Framers had in mind when they crafted  impeachment, then, the two questions remaining in our deliberations are  simple: Did President Trump abuse his power and should he be removed  from office?   The House managers have presented a compelling case that the  President did pressure Ukraine to announce politically motivated  investigations. Again, a number of my Republican colleagues have  acknowledged these facts, acknowledged that what the President did was  wrong. And, frankly, it is clear why he did it. Does anyone here  honestly believe that Donald Trump wanted an investigation into the  Bidens for any other reason than to damage Joe Biden politically and,  therefore, aid in his own reelection? Time and again, this President  has shown a willingness to attack anyone who stands in his way. And on  this he is ecumenical--Republicans, Democrats, members of his staff,  Members of this body. Nobody is off limits. There is nothing out of  character about this President using every available tool to damage an  opponent regardless of their political party.   I don't find fault for the President in his unorthodox style. That is  not an impeachable offense. The long list of things I disagree with  this President on are not impeachable offenses either. But the  Constitution draws a line that is much clearer than the President's  lawyers have tried to argue. The President crossed it. He abused his  power. He commandeered America's foreign policy, not to advance  America's interest but to advance Donald Trump's political interest.  And despite his efforts to cover it up, he got caught.   Now, each one of us must vote guilty or not guilty. I will vote to  convict the President because I swore an oath to do impartial justice  and the evidence proves the charges against him are true. There must be  consequences for abusing the power of the Presidency to solicit foreign  interference in our elections.   If the Senate fails to hold him accountable, we will be setting a  dangerous precedent. We will be giving the green light to foreign  adversaries and future Presidents that this kind of behavior is OK. I  will vote to convict the President because it is the Senate's  constitutional responsibility to uphold this bedrock American principle  that no one is above the law, not even the President, and especially  not the President.   I yield the floor.   