 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 906, the  Driftnet Modernization and Bycatch Reduction Act. I would like to start  out by thanking Senators Lisa Murkowski, Dan Sullivan, Dianne  Feinstein, and Shelley Capito, along with Congressman Ted Lieu, and  everyone who was involved in this legislation. Their passion for our  fisheries is truly admirable.   This bill includes a Recreational Quota Entity (RQE) provision that  is crucial to the charter fishing industry. Under the provision, an RQE  would be allowed to purchase and hold a limited amount of halibut quota  shares to augment the amount of halibut available to charters. For  years, charter anglers have faced stringent restrictions as catch  limits have been reduced and this provision would allow fishing  charters to compete on a larger scale.   Charter fishing in Alaska is world renown and is a driving force for  tourism in many towns. I was fortunate enough to have the opportunity  to spend a day in Seward this past summer meeting with halibut charters  and hearing directly from the people in the industry. I'd also note we  had a great time catching some Alaska fish.   While this bill may not be perfect, I urge my colleagues to join me  in supporting this bipartisan legislation because of the importance of  the RQE provision to my home state of Alaska. This is a self-funding  solution that will have a positive impact for the charter fishing  industry.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1240, the  Young Fishermen's Development Act. I would like to start off by  thanking Senator Lisa Murkowski, and Dan Sullivan, along with  Congresswoman Radewagen, Congressman Moulton, and everyone else who was  involved in this legislation. Their hard work and dedication to the  next generation of commercial fishermen is commendable.   Currently, there is no single federal program dedicated to training,  educating, and assisting  [[Page H7121]]  the next generation of commercial fishermen. However, the need for such  a program is very real. Daunting challenges, including the high cost of  entry, financial risks, and limited entry-level opportunities, have  made it harder than ever for young men and women to start a career in  commercial fishing.   That is why we have introduced H.R. 1240, the Young Fishermen's  Development Act, which is modeled after the U.S. Department of  Agriculture's Beginning Farmers and Ranchers Development Program. Our  legislation seeks to support our nation's aspiring commercial fishermen  by creating a competitive grant program at NOAA to support local  training, education, outreach, and technical assistance initiatives.   The bill would provide funding to entities that offer instruction in  seamanship, navigation, electronics, safety, vessel maintenance,  entrepreneurship, sustainable fishing, and other efforts related to the  commercial fishing business. The heritage and economies of America's  coastal communities are directly linked to our fisheries.   Help us ensure that the next generation of commercial fishermen is  well prepared to sustainably harvest America's seafood by breaking down  the many barriers facing young fishermen, I strongly support this  bipartisan legislation and encourage all my colleagues to join me.   