 Madam President, I think it is safe to say that most  Republicans here in the Senate expect that at some point we will be  receiving Articles of Impeachment from the House of Representatives, at  which time we will conduct the Senate's business. We will give the  President a fair opportunity to be heard--something that was lacking in  the House of Representatives.  [[Page S102]]    I heard the Democratic leader's suggestion that the reason the House  had to sit on this is because if they sent this over to the Senate,  somehow the Senate would dismiss this earlier, immediately, or  something along those lines. I have no idea where that comes from. That  has never been the intention here for Republicans in the Senate.  Republicans in the Senate know full well that we have a job to do under  the Constitution in which we hear the case, hear the arguments, ask  questions, and consider the possibility of additional evidence being  presented. We have said all along that is how we intend to treat this.  But we want to make sure it is a fair process--a process that isn't  rushed, a process that isn't partisan, as it was in the House of  Representatives.   We have gone so far as to suggest that the precedent to be used be  the Clinton precedent--in other words, the precedent that was used  during President Clinton's impeachment process back in 1999. At that  time, there were 100 votes in the Senate--Republican and Democrat-- supporting that particular process, which, as I pointed out, allows for  both sides to make their arguments. The managers in the House of  Representatives come over and make their case, and the President and  his team have an opportunity to respond to that, and then there is an  opportunity for Senators to propound questions. It seems to me, at  least, that is a fair process.   So far, we haven't seen the articles; nor have we seen any  cooperation from the Senate Democrats about a process that would do all  the things I just mentioned. So the Democratic leader's suggestion that  they needed to wait all this time because they have to somehow ensure  that Republicans were not going to dismiss this is a false argument.   I would argue that the House of Representatives sitting on this and  stalling it undermines the very point they made about why it was so  important that they do this. If they rush it, if they do not hear some  of the witnesses, if they do not subpoena some of the witnesses--some  of the very people they want the Senate to subpoena and hear from are  people they could have subpoenaed and heard from.   They have now evidently concluded that--while at one time ``We just  have to get this through because this President is such a clear and  present danger to the country. We have to do this fast and do it with a  sense of urgency,'' now, all of a sudden, the brakes have been put on  and for no apparent reason other than, I would argue, they see  political advantage in doing that.   But the fact is, the Senate will hear this at some point if we  receive the articles, and we will employ a process--a fair process-- that allows both sides to make their arguments and to be heard. Then we  will allow the Senate to do its will, and whatever 51 votes in the  Senate decide is ultimately how this will be disposed of.   I can tell you, contrary to the assertions of the Democrats, I  believe people across this country are very weary and tired--frankly,  in some ways exhausted--from having this thing just drag on. There are  so many important issues we need to deal with.   We have a trade agreement that is teed up and ready to go--I hope we  can vote on it here in the Senate--that has real relevance to the  American people. There are farmers and ranchers in my State of South  Dakota and across this country who desperately need to expand and open  markets. We have depressed ag prices and low commodity prices in both  grains and livestock, and we need to create opportunities for these  farmers to get back on their feet and to restore profitability.   Instead of doing that, we are waiting for the Articles of Impeachment  to come here. Assuming that they do, we will spend who knows how long  on processing that at a time when there are so many pressing needs the  American people care deeply about, not to mention the fact that in  November of this year, we will have a Presidential election and  congressional elections, where the people of this country can weigh in.  They can have their voices heard.   That is how we ought to decide the differences we have in this  country. If you have a difference with the President of the United  States, you will have an opportunity to go vote in November of this  year. If you decide you don't like him and you want to vote him out of  office, you can do that. That is where the people believe this ought to  be decided, not through a long, drawn-out, protracted process here in  Washington, DC, where a bunch of Members of Congress, who should be  working on important issues like energy, healthcare, economy, jobs and  wages, and things like that, are bogged down with this impeachment  process.   I believe the American people are weary. I think they know that  starting in about 3 weeks in Iowa, they are going to start voting. We  have a Presidential election that is underway, and it seems to me that  people who have views they want to express can make their voices heard  in the election, rather than having a long, drawn-out impeachment  process, which, as I said earlier, the House of Representatives  initiated in such a hurried way that they came up with some pretty weak  tea-type Articles of Impeachment in a rush to try to get it over here.  Now they are stalling it and not delivering it.   The Senate is not going to act, obviously, until the House acts and  sends over those articles. When they do, we will ensure that, unlike  the way they conducted themselves in the House of Representatives, it  is a fair process that gives the President of the United States, who  has been attacked through this process, a chance to respond and defend  himself.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. Moran),  and the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Perdue).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea'' and the Senator from Kansas (Mr.  Moran) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. Moran),  and the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Perdue).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea'' and the Senator from Kansas (Mr.  Moran) would have voted ``yea.''   