 Madam President, let me thank Senator Sullivan for his  introduction of our efforts here today and to really commend him for  working in such a bipartisan spirit to drive an important piece of  legislation, to really address the future of future generations of  Alaskans, of Rhode Islanders, and New Jerseyans--and Americans, as well  as other people across the world.   I agree with Senator Sullivan that Senator Whitehouse's name is  synonymous with the oceans and his focus on this is singular and his  perspective is of the utmost importance.   I want to rise to join my colleagues from Alaska and Rhode Island to  celebrate the enactment of Save Our Seas 2.0 and to thank our  colleagues, both in the House and the Senate, for their votes in  support of the most comprehensive piece of legislation to address the  growing global environmental threat of plastic waste in our oceans. I  want to thank Representatives Suzanne Bonamici of Oregon and   Don  Young of Alaska for their commitment and leadership in shepherding the  bill through the House.   To my colleagues, Senator Sullivan and Senator Whitehouse, it has  been a great pleasure working with you on these issues. The passion,  the knowledge, the persistence you have brought to solving the problem  of plastic waste in the world's oceans is incredible, and it was  essential to our shared success.   Plastic pollution in our oceans is truly a global problem that  literally washes up on New Jersey shores, impacting businesses and  communities across our State. This calamity is yet another reminder  that Americans are directly impacted by the policies and practices of  countries around the world. Plastic debris in our oceans does not  respect international borders.   The abundance of plastic waste in our ocean requires comprehensive  action alongside the fight against climate change. Save Our Seas 2.0  will bolster U.S. leadership and global engagement to combat plastic  waste and marine debris, improve plastic waste management, and enhance  marine debris response and innovation.   As the ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, I  take special pride in the international title of this bipartisan  legislation, which formalizes U.S. foreign policy to address this  issue, supports USAID's work to curb ocean plastic, and encourages the  United States to explore the development of an international agreement  to foster cooperation on addressing plastic waste globally. I think  this legislation can be the catalyst for that.   The Earth's oceans are a global resource that sustains life  everywhere, whether it is your country, State, or district that has a  coastline or is landlocked. Eighty percent of New Jerseyans live in a  coastal area, and our economy is heavily dependent on these vibrant  communities. Families who depend on our fishing, their real estate,  hospitality, tourism, and outdoor recreation industries rely upon clean  and safe oceans.   These families know that beyond their daily livlihoods, plastic  pollution also threatens human health on a global scale. Once in the  environment, plastics accumulate in and contaminate both human and  animal food chains leading to an array of health risks.   Save Our Seas 2.0 calls on various agencies to research and assess  the effects of microplastics and food supplies and sources of drinking  water so that we can better understand the way plastic is dangerous to  use.   Even at a time--this is where I will close--when Washington seems  more politically divided than ever before, SOS 2.0 represents a  significant bipartisan environmental victory that I sincerely hope will  serve as a stepping stone toward more progress to tackle this growing  global problem.   There is no single solution to the marine debris crisis. Ocean  stewardship is critical to preventing the collapse of marine ecosystems  that support global fisheries that feed billions of people around the  world. Addressing plastic waste of the ocean supports economic growth  and trade, public health, and safe recreation.   I look forward to building upon the bipartisan support we have  achieved with this bill and working with the next administration on  ensuring the dutiful execution of the programs we established in SOS  2.0 and securing appropriations in support of the bill's goals and  objectives.   Again, with my congratulations to my colleagues and my thanks for the  work they have done together, I will yield the floor to our colleague  from Rhode Island.   