 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4812,  the Ensuring Compliance Against Drug Diversion Act.   This is a small but very important step that could play a key role in  helping contain the opioid epidemic.   License to distribute opioids is not a commodity to be freely bought  and sold. Those who wish to distribute opioids must earn the ability to  do so.   An investigation performed by the Energy and Commerce Oversight and  Investigations Subcommittee found that the current process of  transferring controlled substance dispensation licenses does not create  sufficient accountability.   In the one instance you heard about before, a distributor and its  pharmacy customer did not go through the appropriate process of  transferring registration to a new pharmacy owner, but the mistake  wasn't caught until long afterward. As a result, there was a period of  time during which the DEA was unaware that particular pharmacy was  distributing controlled substances.   Now, in this case, as best I understand it, there was not a rogue  individual, it was just a matter of an oversight. But what we are  trying to do with this bill today is to make sure that in the future we  don't have some rogue individual that comes in and buys somebody else's  business or their license or their registration and doesn't go back to  the DEA to get proper registration.   Failing to appropriately contact the DEA and verify whether the  agency approved a transfer creates a serious risk of drug diversion,  and this bill amends the Controlled Substances Act to prohibit that  transfer of any DEA registration without written consent from the  agency.   By requiring written approval from the DEA before the transfer of  registration occurs, we decrease the risk of drug diversion by keeping  controlled substances out of the hands of people that have not been  vetted by the appropriate regulatory authorities.   Madam Speaker, that is the purpose of the bill. I appreciate  everyone's support on it.   