 Madam President, in my neighborhood and my community,  you can walk down the street and visit with some really great  neighbors--Christians, Jews, Muslims, Hindus. They all live in the same  neighborhood and are friends.   My kids are grown now. We watched all our kids playing together in  the community and in the neighborhood. We can see just from this one  community and just from this one neighborhood this beautiful thing our  Founding Fathers dreamed of--the right of every individual to be able  to choose a faith of their own decision, to be able to live that faith  out, to be able to change that faith if they choose to, or to be able  to have no faith at all.   There are plenty of people in my neighborhood that I have no idea  what faith they have. They don't have to post it. They don't have to  print it. They don't have to say it because they are an American. They  don't have to be a certain faith or be able to maintain that faith.   The Declaration of Independence makes known that every person has the  right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Our Constitution  protects our right to a free press, to speak, to assemble, to petition  the government, and to have any faith we choose and to be able to live  that faith without fear that the government is going to impose a faith  on them.   Our founding government documents explicitly state these rights. We  know that, inherently, these rights should be for all people. As such,  I believe it is the responsibility of every American not just to  cherish the freedoms that we have but to also be able to state those  freedoms worldwide and to be able to encourage people worldwide to also  live those basic human rights and dignities.   The Trump administration is heavily focused on sharing these ideals  with the world. In fact, right now, Poland is hosting the Third  Ministerial to Advance Freedom of Religion or Belief Alliance. The  United States has hosted the first two of those. In fact, I was a  participant in the second one, and I was a participant online with the  third one that was just in process.   It was implemented with the help of Secretary Pompeo and Ambassador- at-large for International Religious Freedom Sam Brownback. It brought  people of all faiths and of all countries together who choose to  discuss religious liberty.   This year's ministerial definitely looks very different based on  COVID worldwide and its restrictions, but it is remarkable to see  Foreign Ministers from all over the world, many from countries that  don't practice religious liberty, in the middle of a conversation about  religious liberty.   Eighty percent of the world's population live where religious freedom  is threatened or denied, which puts an extra obligation on those of us  who live in freedom to be able to display that freedom to people  worldwide. We should condemn religious persecution and work to ensure  that all people have the freedom of faith, to live their faith, to  change their faith, or to have no faith at all.   In addition to the ministerial, I am really encouraged by the growing  support of the International Freedom Alliance, which has a membership  now of 32 countries. They are dedicated to advancing this basic right  of religious freedoms. Not only are we seeing countries gathering in  this ministerial to discuss religious liberty, many from countries that  don't allow religious liberty, but we now have 32 countries that are  dedicating together to say: We do practice religious liberty in our  country, and we want to spread that.   The alliance of these 32 countries, which we are a part of, has two  core functions; the first of which is to enhance global advocacy to  protect the right of freedom of religion or belief for all and to hold  all accountable to those who violate that freedom of religion or  belief; and the second thing is to serve as a platform to better  coordinate the efforts of governments, parliamentarians, and civil  societies to advance this right.   I hope this alliance continues to grow and continues to have gaining  influence on the world's stage. I hope they continue to condemn bad  actors who facilitate or condone discrimination  [[Page S7031]]  and violence toward people of faith, while encouraging leaders to  protect the rights of their religious communities and neighbors.   The United States has a strong history and commitment to religious  freedom, but some throughout the world do not have that privilege. One- third of the world's countries have laws that prohibit expression  deemed as blasphemous, heretical, apostate, or insulting to religion.   Depending on the country, punishment for individuals who participate  in this type of expression that they call blasphemy range from fines to  imprisonment, to even the death sentence in places like Pakistan.   These laws affect Christians, Muslims, Hindus, secularists, and all  other groups. They scare people into hiding because of their faith.  They punish people for changing their faith, and they remove the most  basic dignity of the individual: the right to believe.   We should continue to expose those who take away that basic human  freedom. That is who we are as Americans. That is what we stand for  worldwide.   The independent and nonpartisan U.S. Commission on International  Religious Freedom has identified 84 countries that still have blasphemy  laws on the books. That is why I joined Senator Coons in cosponsoring  the bipartisan resolution to condemn blasphemy and apostasy laws  around the world and called for the release of individuals who have  been prosecuted or imprisoned for charges of blasphemy.    That proposal is ready to go and ready to be passed and has cleared  everyone on the Republican side of the aisle and most everyone on the  Democratic side of the aisle.   To ensure that religious liberty is a core pillar of our engagement  with other countries, the President issued an Executive order on  Advancing International Religious Freedom--the first of its kind. It is  a recommitment of the United States to protecting the freedom to live  out your faith, regardless of where you live.   Under this order, the United States places an even greater  prioritization on religious freedom with our foreign assistance  programs of the Department of State and with USAID.   It is interesting, in addition to religious liberty, this  administration has also partnered with other countries to protect and  uphold the sanctity of human life, while prioritizing the rights and  safety of women worldwide.   Last month, the administration, along with the Governments of Brazil,  Egypt, Hungary, Indonesia, and Uganda, led a coalition of more than 30  government leaders representing 1.6 billion people from every part of  the planet to sign the Geneva Consensus Declaration. The declaration  reaffirms that ``all are created equal before the law'' and that the  ``human rights of women are an inalienable, integral, and indivisible  part of all human rights and fundamental freedoms.''   This historic document also strengthens our international commitment  to the protection of the most basic human right, ``the inherent  `dignity and worth of the human person,' that `every human being has  the right to life.' '' It seems like that would be just a natural thing  to say. It seems like that would be apparent, that we as a nation and  that people around the world would recognize this most basic right of  an individual to live.   We believe in the right for people to be able to practice whatever  faith they choose. We should at least agree before they choose whatever  faith they are that they are allowed to live at all.   This document that was signed by the Governments of the United  States, Brazil, Egypt, Hungary, Indonesia, and Uganda has the simple  statement, along with multiple others. It says: We ``[r]eaffirm the  inherent `dignity and worth of the human person,' that `every human  being has the inherent right to life,' and the commitment `to enable  women to go safely through pregnancy and childbirth and provide couples  with the best chance of having a healthy infant.' ''   I am proud of this administration and the 1.6 billion people who are  represented by the other governments that have joined into this simple  declaration to protect the rights of women, to stand up for the equal  rights of those women, and to be able to stand up for the rights of  every single child. The historic document strengthens our international  commitment to this basic right.   This is a critical tool for the United States and like-minded  countries to preserve equal rights for all families, for all  individuals in every society. It has four pillars: better health for  women, preservation of human life, strengthening of the family as the  foundational unit of society, and protecting every nation's national  sovereignty in global politics.   As I have said on this floor before, abortion takes a life; it  doesn't preserve it. It is not a right, and we as a nation should not  promote an action to the rest of the world that is antithetical to the  most basic of all human rights--the right to live, to make your own  decisions.   I am encouraged that we are partnering with other like-minded  nations, that there are people all over the world who are standing up  for the rights of women to have equality, the rights to be able to  protect human life, to strengthen families, and the rights to be able  to protect national sovereignty--something we should be able to stand  up for.   In the days ahead, I pray we continue to stand up for that because  every individual should have the right to live as they live, have the  right to be able to have whatever faith they choose to have--to have  that faith, live that faith, change that faith, or to have no faith at  all.   But they don't even get to choose that if they are not even allowed  to live first. That is something I would hope that we, as Americans,  could also stand for.   I yield the floor.   