 Mr. President, at this particular moment in our  history, we are witnessing the convergence of three events.   The Senate will likely be sworn in tomorrow for the impeachment trial  of President Trump. One of the Articles of Impeachment that will be  coming over from the House relates to the President's abuse of power-- the charge that he has used the power and prestige of the Office of the  Presidency to, among other things, withhold vital U.S. security  assistance to Ukraine in order to pressure it to announce an  investigation into Burisma, Hunter Biden, and, possibly, Joe Biden in  an attempt to get Ukraine to interfere in the upcoming 2020 election on  behalf of President Trump.   Now, I am not here today to go into issues directly related to that  trial. It is vitally important that we get relevant witnesses, that we  get relevant  [[Page S216]]  documents, and that we have a fair trial and get to the truth.   The second event that we learned about just this week that relates to  the impeachment trial was that Russian military hackers broke into the  Burisma computers in Ukraine and that they used the same phishing  techniques that the GRU used--the Russian military intelligence--to  break into the Democratic National Committee headquarters' servers  during the 2016 Presidential elections. All of the evidence points to  another attempt by Vladimir Putin to use his military GRU hackers to  interfere in an American election--this time in the 2020 election.   I don't know what is going to happen during the election on November  3 of this year. Obviously, each of us has his hopes as to what the  result will be, but that is not the purpose of my being here on the  floor today. My focus is on what should unite all of us in this body-- that should unite all 100 U.S. Senators--and that is that we should all  agree that it is outrageous for any foreign power to interfere in an  American election the way Russia interfered in our election in 2016 and  that it would be equally outrageous for us, in our knowing that this is  Russia's intent in 2020, to sit here and not do anything to protect the  integrity of our democracy.   Look, we all know what happened in 2016. Just to refresh our  memories, it was the unanimous conclusion of all U.S. intelligence  agencies that Russia interfered in the 2016 Presidential election. That  was the unanimous conclusion of the leaders of intelligence agencies  appointed by President Trump. It was also the bipartisan verdict of the  Senate Intelligence Committee, which painstakingly documented the fact  that elections systems in all 50 of our States were targeted to one  degree or another by Russian hackers in the 2016 elections. In fact, we  know this from the outcome of the Mueller investigation that led to the  indictment of 12 Russian military intelligence individuals, members of  the GRU. They were indicted because of their interference in the 2016  elections.   We also know that Vladimir Putin and the Russians intend to interfere  in our elections again in 2020. We know that because of the revelations  this week about the actions the GRU is taking with respect to Burisma-- same fingerprint, same techniques--but we also know that from our own  U.S. intelligence agencies, which, in November of last year, all got  together to issue a warning that Russia was going to interfere again in  2020.   I am holding in my hand a joint statement from the leaders of U.S.  intelligence and law enforcement agencies, and what they say is that  our adversaries--and they point to Russia--will seek to interfere in  the voting process or influence voter perceptions. This document is not  about the past. This document is not about 2016. This document is about  the here and now and the November 2020 elections. And this is, again,  from the heads of our intelligence agencies and law enforcement  agencies who have been appointed by President Trump.   Now we have overwhelming evidence that Russia interfered in 2016, we  have overwhelming evidence and predictions that Russia will interfere  again in our elections in 2020, and so we clearly are facing an  immediate danger to the integrity of our elections and our democracy.  It is like we have a Russian missile in the air right now headed toward  our election integrity systems and our electoral process. That is what  the intelligence agencies are telling us right now.   We learned the hard way in 2016, and now it is happening all over  again. So the question for this body is, When you know something is  happening, what are you going to do about it? There are two things we  should be doing about it. We should be working to strengthen our  elections systems here at home, to harden them, to make it more  difficult for Russian military intelligence to hack into them. We  should be working with social media companies to prevent the Russian  Government and their agents from spending money on advertising on  social media or using other techniques on social media to influence  American voters. We need to be doing all that. We have appropriated  some funds to do that.   We should be doing more than we have, but the best defense is a good  offense. We can and should spend money to strengthen and protect our  elections systems, but that is not enough because it is kind of like  the arms race. We will work to try to better strengthen and protect  those systems, and the hackers who are trying to get in will develop  new techniques to try to get around them. It is an endless cycle. That  doesn't mean we shouldn't harden them--we should--but that is not  enough to protect the integrity of our elections.   We have to apply the principle that the best defense is a good  offense and make it clear up front to Vladimir Putin and Russia that  the costs of interfering in another American election far outweigh the  benefits. That is what we need to do because right now it is absolutely  cost-free to Vladimir Putin to mess around in our elections. In fact,  it is a big benefit to Vladimir Putin and the Russians. That is why  they do it.   What do they accomplish? Well, first of all, they succeed in dividing  Americans against one another. They succeed in undermining public  confidence in the outcome of our elections, and that is part of their  overall strategy--to try to undermine democracies, whether here in the  United States or in Europe or other places around the world. Maybe they  also succeed, ultimately, in weighing in and helping their preferred  candidate in an election.   But the point is, right now, if you are Putin, there is zero cost to  getting caught interfering in our elections and lots of perceived  benefits by Vladimir Putin. So that is why, more than 2 years ago,  Senator Marco Rubio and I introduced the bipartisan DETER Act, and  there are many other Senators, both Democrats and Republicans, who were  on that bill. The DETER Act is very straightforward. It would enact  into law a very straightforward proposition. It says to Russia--and  also to other countries, but the main attack seems to be coming from  Russia--it says to Putin and Russia: If we catch you again interfering  in our elections, there will be immediate and very harsh penalties for  you to pay.   This will happen virtually automatically. So Vladimir Putin will know  up front that if our intelligence agencies catch them again, which they  are likely to do, then he will finally pay a price for interfering in  our elections and trying to undermine our democratic processes. These  are not sanctions against a couple of Putin's pals. These are not  sanctions against a couple oligarchs. These would be sanctions against  major sectors of the Russian economy--state-owned banks, state-owned  parts of their energy industry--so their economy will take a big hit if  we catch them attacking our democracy once again.   That is absolutely appropriate because what Putin is doing is  undermining faith and confidence in our democratic process, and we need  to make it clear up front that there is a big price to pay--not because  we want those sanctions to go into effect but because we don't. That,  of course, is the entire idea behind deterrence. You raise the cost,  you raise the price on Putin and Russia to the point it is no longer  worth it to interfere in our elections.   That is why Senator Rubio and I introduced this legislation 2 years  ago. We hoped it would be in place before the 2018 midterm elections,  but that date has passed, and still here we are in the U.S. Senate  having failed to adopt this bipartisan legislation.   I was right here on the floor of the Senate just a few months ago  when we were debating the NDAA, the National Defense Authorization Act.  I asked for a vote to include the essential provision of the DETER Act  in the Defense authorization bill because it makes a lot of sense that  in a bill that is supposed to defend the United States, we include a  provision to defend the integrity of our democracy and electoral system  against Russian attack or any other attack. Apparently every single  Senator in this body agreed because it passed unanimously.   The Senate went on record unanimously saying we should include  provisions like the DETER Act in the NDAA to deter Russian interference  in our elections. Then we were in negotiations on the NDAA, and it  turned out that in the back rooms, behind closed doors, the Trump  administration got Republican Senators to insist on throwing that  provision out of the NDAA bill.  [[Page S217]]    This was one of the matters that was discussed until the final stages  of negotiations on the NDAA, and apparently the majority leader and  other Republican Senators, at the behest of the Trump administration,  said no--said no to a provision that had been agreed to unanimously by  this body to help protect our elections by deterring Russian  interference. The question is, Why? Why, when our own intelligence  agencies are telling us that Russia is planning to do in 2020 what they  did in 2016, would Republican Senate leaders block a provision that  lets Putin know ``You will be punished if you do that again. You will  be punished if you attack our democracy''? And I haven't gotten a  straight answer to that question. Why not? Why not include that  provision? Clearly, there are Senators who don't want to build up our  defenses and deterrence again Russian interference in our elections.   When we failed to get that into the NDAA, I came to the Senate floor,  and I asked for unanimous consent to bring up the bipartisan DETER Act.  Because every one of the Senators in this body had voted or said  through lack of objection that they wanted the DETER Act in the NDAA, I  brought up the bill for unanimous consent passing here. Well, the  chairman of the Senate Banking Committee came to the floor and  objected, and we had a back-and-forth conversation about the DETER Act.   Yesterday, I was planning to come to this floor and again ask for  unanimous consent to take up the DETER Act, but we heard from the  chairman of the Banking Committee that he wanted to find a way to get  this done. So I am going to take the chairman of the Banking Committee  up on that offer, and I hope we can get it done. But I want to be  really clear. If we are not able to work this out in a smart,  straightforward way, which is what the bill does right now--as I said,  it has strong bipartisan support right now--then I will be back on the  Senate floor regularly to ask for unanimous consent, and any other  Senator who wants to come down here and object can do that. That is  their right. But I am going to keep pushing this issue because the  clock is ticking. Every day that passes while we know from our own  intelligence agencies that Russia plans to interfere in the 2020  election and we don't do anything about it--we are grossly negligent.   I want Senators who are not going to support that to come here in the  light of day and let the American public know they are blocking that  effort. I hope we don't have to do that. I hope we can work this out. I  hope we can pass the bipartisan legislation that has been sitting in  the Senate for over 2 years now as we get warning after warning after  warning that Vladimir Putin, the GRU, and the Russians intend to  interfere in our democratic process again and attack the integrity of  our electoral system.   Let's get this done. Let's protect our democracy. Let's make it clear  in advance to Putin that the price he will pay for trying to interfere  in our democracy will be much higher than any benefit he expects to  gain.   I yield the floor.   