 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 1  minute as in morning business.    Madam President, our colleague Senator Martha McSally,  of Arizona, announced her support yesterday for the bipartisan  Prescription Drug Pricing Reduction Act. I like to refer to it as the  Grassley-Wyden prescription drug bill, reducing prices. Senator McSally  and I worked together on several parts of the bill. Her Arizonans  should know that Senator McSally's leadership is making all the  difference in moving this bill forward. I thank her for her  cosponsorship.   President Trump, Vice President Pence, and nearly a dozen Senate  Republicans have, so far, endorsed this bill. Several other Senate  Republicans will soon announce their support as well. I expect to  introduce an updated version in the coming weeks.   I am confident that, if this bill were to be brought up for a vote,  it would pass overwhelmingly. Let's not miss an opportunity then to  deliver real progress for Americans. This always shows up--in other  words, drug pricing legislation--as one of the three, four, or five top  issues of the upcoming election.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, since tax reform was enacted in  December of 2017, our economy has grown and strengthened with American  families' and businesses' seeing real benefits, and you just heard  Senator Barrasso say some of the same things about how the economy is  booming.   Unemployment rates have dropped dramatically, with unemployment among  Hispanic, Latino, and African-American workers at record lows.  According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, average hourly earnings  have grown at a rate of 3 percent or higher for 16 consecutive months,  with the largest wage gains being concentrated in the bottom quarter of  the wage scale. We should duly note that production workers' wages are  growing much faster than are the wages for the manager class. In short,  lower income workers are seeing the highest wage growth.   Yet, instead of looking at the positive economic effects of tax  reform, our Democratic colleagues insist that large corporations have  received a massive giveaway and that only the wealthy have benefited.  That is simply not true. Tax reform has addressed a number of issues  that have been frequently highlighted by both political parties. In  particular, tax reform has made enormous progress toward creating a  more competitive environment for American companies. Before tax reform,  the combined U.S. Federal and State corporate tax rate was the highest  in the developed world--15 percentage points higher than the average of  the other 35 advanced economies that are members of the Organisation  for Economic Co-operation and Development, which we commonly refer to  around here as OECD.   Over the last few years and before the tax bill, you heard of  companies going overseas. We had inversions, foreign acquisitions of  U.S. companies, and the erosion of the U.S. tax base. These were all  very significant problems that we addressed in the Tax Cuts and Jobs  Act of 2017. With our worldwide tax system, companies were actually  incentivized to store corporate profits in low-tax jurisdictions  overseas rather than to reinvest them back here in the United States.   How can that help the U.S. economy?   We had perverse incentives to keep wealth out of this country.  Ironically, even the Democrats highlighted these same issues in the  lead-up to tax reform--a bipartisan recognition that we shouldn't have  a tax system that encourages the storing of money overseas but rather  one that brings that money and capital back to the United States to  create jobs here. They are only partisan issues now, as it turns out,  because tax reform was a Republican effort, but both sides of the aisle  knew that these issues had to be addressed in order for U.S. companies  to remain competitive and for the U.S. economy to continue leading the  world.   Critics of tax reform complain that the 21-percent rate is too low,  but with the average corporate tax rate of 21.7 percent among the OECD  countries today, the United States is finally in line with its peers.  In other words, we can be competitive.   As a result, U.S. companies are competitive, and investments in the  United States are more attractive not only to foreign companies but to  U.S. companies that used to store money overseas. After tax reform  legislation passed in 2017, business investment rose by 6.4 percent in  2018.   While a weaker global economy, tariffs, and other factors subdued  growth last year in 2019, business investment in 2018 and 2019 combined  was still $5.7 trillion, hitting record highs.   Capital expenditures of S&P 500 companies have risen by 17 percent  since tax reform, and research and development expenditures of S&P 500  companies rose by 18 percent. All of this is showing that our law  accomplished what we wanted it to accomplish. It is hardly, then, the  anemic response to tax reform that the Democrat critics would have us  believe.   Tax reform has changed our international tax rules to remove barriers  that previously prevented companies from bringing foreign earnings  home. In the seven quarters since enactment of tax reform, U.S.  companies have brought back to the United States more than $1 trillion  of foreign earnings.   Obviously, U.S. companies are using these earnings to finance new  capital expenditures, increase research and development, increase  payrolls, pay down debt, and return cash to shareholders and retirement  accounts. Companies are putting those earnings to work in this country,  not leaving them abroad. That economic gain and the jobs created as a  result of it are because of the 2017 tax cut legislation.  [[Page S982]]    But we also took care to ensure that companies wouldn't be able to  take advantage of the new U.S. tax system. Tax reform made signature  strides to address inversions, foreign takeovers of U.S. companies, and  base erosion. You will remember the outrage we had before the tax bill  when there were inversions and foreign takeovers of U.S. companies, and  then the result of the erosion of our tax base.   Together, the lower tax rate and new international rules have changed  the way that companies structure their business operations. For  example, Assurant, a global insurance company, changed its acquisition  agreement so that its new parent company remains here in the United  States.   Broadcom, a technology firm, announced that it would return its  headquarters to the United States, and this came after tax reform.   Similarly, several energy and pharmaceutical companies that had  previously moved out of the United States also made the decision to  return, primarily because of tax reform.   You know, the old, old saying can apply to this tax legislation. What  we wanted to accomplish was accomplished, and that old saying is: The  proof is in the pudding.   So tax reform has leveled the playing field and made the United  States a far more attractive place to do business--hardly the dire  consequences that critics would have us believe. Now, you know critics  never give up. Not to be deterred, the critics continue to look for  misleading information to distort the picture.   Most recently, they pointed to the Congressional Budget Office  projections as evidence that tax reform and recently issued U.S.  Treasury Department regulations have provided a windfall to  corporations. I hate to see the Congressional Budget Office's  professional work and nonpartisan work manipulated to say something it  clearly does not--and I meant to use the word ``manipulated.''   First and foremost, CBO's--that is the Congressional Budget Office-- downward adjustment of expected corporate tax receipts does not imply  that CBO scores particular Treasury regulations or that a regulation  departs from congressional intent. Rather, CBO's adjustments broadly  reflect significant economic factors and changes in government data.   In particular, CBO adjusted its projections because we now know that  Bureau of Economic Analysis estimates of corporate receipts between  2016 and 2018 were actually overstated. So you have to make adjustments  for that. In short, even pretax reform projections of corporate profits  were really too high. So when the estimate of corporate profits is  corrected, it translates into lower tax receipts, but the other side  doesn't seem to acknowledge this.   CBO also took into account current economic factors, like recent  trade actions and tariffs, strengthening of the U.S. dollar, and the  softening of foreign economies, all of which affected expected  corporate profits and ultimate tax receipts. But our critics don't seem  to acknowledge that fact.   In addition, the Congressional Budget Office revised its projections  to reflect everything that we are learning about implementation of the  new tax rules, including regulatory guidance, new forms and  instructions that go with the tax forms, and modeling improvements to  better reflect updated economic projections.   CBO is only beginning to take into account how U.S. businesses are  responding very positively to the new tax rules and Treasury guidance.   As many regulations are still being finalized, businesses are only  starting to have needed certainty to invest in new property and  equipment, to engage in mergers and acquisitions, and to enter into new  business transactions.   The Congressional Budget Office's projections are also based upon  preliminary data. Tax returns for the first year of the new law were  filed less than 6 months ago, but the critics don't take that into  consideration. The final data will not be available from the IRS until  later this year, and, even then, it will still take time to fully  analyze, but our critics don't recognize that.   All of these factors go into CBO's revised projections of corporate  tax receipts, and none of them support the claim that Treasury provided  a windfall to corporations. I think the critics ought to go the extra  mile to study and understand the impact of the tax cut law.   There simply is no basis, then, for the critics' claim that the  revision to CBO's estimate of corporate receipts means that Treasury  has given away the store to big corporations through its regulations.   Despite the critics' relentless attacks, the benefits of tax reform  are, in fact, proving out. All you have to do is look at the good  economy to know that that is the case.   I am encouraged by the promising economic data that I just referred  to that suggests that American workers, American families, and American  businesses are seeing positive effects.   Now, we must continue to promote policies that encourage U.S.  businesses to keep operations on American soil--the 2017 bill does  that--increase wages--the 2017 bill did that--and reinvest foreign  earnings in the United States, instead of leaving them overseas--and  the 2017 tax bill does that.   I hope that my Democratic colleagues will stop criticizing the  policies that have strengthened our economy and, in fact, consider how  we can work together to make our tax laws work even better for American  businesses and workers.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   