 Madam Speaker, I think we all remember: If you like what  you have, you can keep it. Remember that phrase? Probably the most  broken promise in political history.   Millions of people lost the good healthcare that they liked because  Washington bureaucrats came in and said not ``if you like what you  have, you can keep it,'' but ``if Washington likes what you have, you  can keep it.'' And they took it away.   After that, you still see, years later, they are trying to pull more  people out of the private insurance market who actually like what they  have, and say, ``Get back on this.''   If it works so well, by the way, Madam Speaker, wouldn't people be  going in droves to it? In fact, it works so poorly that, under this  bill, they have to bribe you with over $400 billion more in taxpayer  money.   That is how much this costs, more than $400 billion to take you off  the private health insurance that you like. This is free market. If you  don't like it, you can go somewhere else. But most people like their  private health insurance, so they are going to push them onto this at  the expense of over $400 billion.   If that isn't bad enough, Madam Speaker, what else do they do? They  pay for it--get this--by limiting the amount of drugs that will come to  market. Yes. The Council of Economic Advisers has advised ``as many as  100 fewer drugs entering the United States market over the next decade,  or about one-third of the total number of drugs expected to enter the  market.''   Can you believe this? In the middle of a global pandemic, when we are  trying and rushing to find a cure and a vaccine for COVID-19, they are  going to bring a bill to the floor to stop drugs from coming to the  market, over 100 of them.   Let's read more. This ``would reduce Americans' average life  expectancy by about 4 months.'' My God, what are we doing, bringing a  bill to the floor right now when we are trying to find a cure that will  make it harder to find a cure? All to push more people, including  wealthy people who would be eligible under the bill that already have  private insurance, onto a heavily taxpayer-subsidized program that has  been failing under its own weight, failing so much they need to add  $400 billion to try to entice you to take it and, in the process, limit  the ability to bring lifesaving drugs, like a cure for COVID-19, to the  market.   This is absurd. This is psychotic that we are even debating this  right now. We should be focusing on helping expedite a cure, not making  it harder to bring that very cure for COVID-19 to the market.   Madam Speaker, I would strongly urge a ``no.''   