 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded and to speak as in morning business.    Mr. President, Americans are demanding an end to the  persistent racial injustice and violence that inflicts our country.   Protestors have gathered outside of the White House and the Capitol.  New Mexicans from our biggest city to our smallest communities are  marching for meaningful change.   I have joined these protests in Emancipation Hall, in the streets of  Washington, DC, and now I am joining them from the U.S. Senate floor.   The systemic racism being called out is real, and it is all around us  all of the time. Within law enforcement, we have seen it in the  horrific videos documenting the racist violence that took the lives of  Black men and women at the hands of police officers and extrajudicial  killers.   As a father raising two sons, my heart aches for the parents whose  sons' and daughters' names we now chant loudly in the streets.   It is unacceptable for any American to live in fear of violent  encounters when they enter public spaces or retail stores or just go  out for a walk. The very fact that painful experiences with law  enforcement are ubiquitous among so many in our Nation should be  evidence enough that our current model of policing is not working. That  is why I am proud to support my colleagues Senator Booker and Senator  Harris to cosponsor the Justice in Policing Act.   This sweeping legislation reforms the police system as Americans  across the country demand an end to police violence that is  disproportionately targeting communities of color. It would address  qualified immunity standards in Federal law which currently stand in  the way of police officers being held accountable in court when they  violate constitutional rights.   It would improve transparency in police departments by creating a  national police misconduct registry, requiring accurate data reporting  on misconduct and use-of-force incidents and ensuring problematic  officers cannot avoid accountability by simply changing departments.   It would also institute a real national ban on choke holds and other  deadly, restrictive airway holds. We have seen this use of lethal force  kill George Floyd and Eric Garner before him and earlier this year, in  Las Cruces, NM, when a police officer killed Antonio Valenzuela with a  vascular neck restraint. While I hope that justice will be served for  Mr. Floyd's and Mr. Valenzuela's families, I know that these men should  never have died in the first place. This lethal and unnecessary type of  force should not be allowed anywhere in America.   The Justice in Policing Act would put an end to the injudicious use  of no-knock warrants that led to the murder of Breonna Taylor in  Louisville, KY.   In order to prevent future extrajudicial killings like the murder of  Ahmaud Arbery earlier this year by vigilantes in Georgia, the Justice  in Policing Act would also finally designate lynching as a Federal  crime.   The legislation would also make broad improvements in training for  police officers. That includes implicit bias training to confront the  prejudice that contributes to racial profiling and confrontational  treatment of people of color.   We must also make deescalation and crisis intervention techniques  standard operating procedures in encounters and make the use of lethal  force the absolute last resort.   In my State, we have seen far too many incidents in which police have  killed people of color with lethal tactics or responded to New Mexicans  experiencing mental illness or addiction with unnecessary force that  resulted in death. Nearly a decade ago, the Department of Justice began  an investigation into the Albuquerque Police Department after numerous  such fatal police encounters   In 2014, the Department of Justice released its report that cited  chronic abuses of civil rights, widespread community distrust, and a  pattern of excessive force across the department. For these past 6  years, the Albuquerque Police Department has been under a federally  enforced consent decree that has brought much needed changes in hiring,  training, and use-of-force policies.   This ongoing process of changing just this one police department's  culture is far from complete. Court hearings continue, and a federally  appointed monitor continues to oversee the yearslong process of  completing all of the reforms in the federally mandated, court-approved  settlement agreement.   We have still seen multiple fatal police shootings each year since  reforms began. That includes one case from just this March in which the  response to a welfare check on Valente Acosta-Bustillos, a man with  documented behavioral health challenges, ended with officers fatally  shooting him after he wielded a shovel that he had been using to do  yard work.   This is not an isolated incident. The evidence is everywhere that  systemic reform is needed for law enforcement, not just in Albuquerque  but all across my State and all across this country.   Since the beginning of 2015, since the Nation reeled over the death  of Michael Brown in Ferguson, MO, there have been more than 5,000-- 5,000--fatal police shootings. It pains me to say that in that time  period, New Mexico has had the highest rate of these shootings in the  entire country on a per capita basis.   While our overall nationwide statistics on deaths in police custody  are incomplete--which is a problem in and of itself--the data we do  have makes it clear that police in the United States are killing people  at a rate much higher than our peer nations.   A review of media-reported, arrest-related deaths in the Bureau of  Justice Statistics found that more than 1,300 people died in police  custody in the 10 months from June 2015 to March 2016. During that same  period, only 13 people in the United Kingdom died in or after being in  police custody.   While we are a much larger country, even on a per capita basis, that  means that Americans are being killed at a rate of approximately six  times higher than in the UK. Many, if not most, of these deaths fall or  are deemed ``justified'' by law enforcement, but I want to say in the  strongest possible terms: We can't keep accepting a system that  justifies this level of deadly violence.   The House of Representatives demonstrated last week that we can take  action to address this system. Answering the calls of Americans all  across our country, the House voted to pass the Justice in Policing  Act. The Senate needs to do the same because no one should be above the  law--no one, including those in law enforcement.   While I believe these last weeks and months of Americans calling for  justice have changed many hearts and minds, I am not naive enough to  believe the current administration is either willing or capable of  bringing the level of change that Americans are demanding.   Unfortunately, in the last 3\1/2\ years, President Trump and his  Justice Department have either turned a blind eye, excused, or even  openly encouraged a more violent police culture.   Starting under Attorney General Jeff Sessions and certainly  continuing under Attorney General Bill Barr today, this administration  has spent much more time and Department of Justice resources aiding the  President's own political battles and implementing even harsher  penalties on Americans than on holding police departments accountable  for guaranteeing equal justice under the law.  [[Page S4104]]    None of this excuses us in the U.S. Senate from our own  responsibility to lead. We have a moral obligation, as Senators, to  grapple with how we can bring about necessary Federal changes with  better Federal policies. That should start with passing the  accountability measures, the meaningful improvements to police  training, and the bans on excessive lethal force tactics that are in  the Justice in Policing Act.   We also need to encourage the changes that will necessarily need to  come at the local government level. Advocates are calling on local  governments to reassess their budgets and how much they have  prioritized policing and prisons over education and housing. They are  also calling on their local leaders to reimagine a world where armed  police officers are not the responders dispatched to all crisis  situations.   Last week, the mayor of Albuquerque, Tim Keller, announced a proposal  to create an entirely new public safety department that would dispatch  social workers, housing and homelessness specialists, and violence  prevention and diversion program experts instead of police officers to  homelessness, so-called down-and-out calls, and behavioral health  crises.   This is the scale of systemic change that we need to be thinking  about and devoting real resources toward implementing in all of our  communities. We all need to carefully assess the effectiveness of  continuing a status quo in law enforcement that is clearly not keeping  all of us safe.   It will not be easy to dismantle the ``us versus them'' warrior  mentality that is so pervasive in far too many of our law enforcement  agencies. If you treat the communities that you police like they are  war zones, you create a relationship that dehumanizes the very people  you are charged to protect, and you fuel more of the very violence and  crime that you are supposed to prevent.   Our streets in American communities should never be treated like  battlefields. Our local law enforcement officers should not be armed  with military-grade equipment or AR-15s or MRAP armored vehicles. They  should not be meeting peaceful protesters or demonstrators with  teargas, flash grenades, or rubber bullets. Police officers should not  be treating any of us--whatever our race and regardless of the reason  we are encountering them--as if we are enemy combatants.   This militarized version of policing is simply not the way to keep  the peace or create a sense of public safety in our communities. It has  created a distrust in police and perpetuated trauma and inequities in  communities across our country.   I believe that we must transform this dangerous warrior mentality  into a guardian and neighborhood support mentality that looks to serve  all members of our communities. We should remember that police officers  are supposed to be officers of the peace.   Now, I want to be careful to emphasize that the responsibility for  changing this mentality must not fall entirely on the shoulders of our  law enforcement officers because we also recognize that our law  enforcement officers, too, are being impacted and harmed by this broken  system. We, as a society, have asked them to treat the symptoms and  respond to the deficiencies that all of us have allowed to persist in  education, in healthcare, in addiction treatment, and in housing.   On a daily basis, police officers address the most acute impacts of  our not solving those other issues. I would argue that this is because  the same wrongheaded ``us versus them'' warrior mentality that I have  been describing has long resided within this very institution and has  been baked into our country as a whole.   It is the same warrior mentality that has fueled the Federal  Government's ineffective and racist War on Drugs and War on Crime over  the course of the last 50 years. Intentionally or not, these policies  helped build what advocates label the ``school-to-prison pipeline'' and  the ``New Jim Crow.'' ``New Jim Crow'' may sound harsh, but in my  estimation, it is an astonishingly accurate way to describe the unequal  society we have created across our entire country.   More than half a century since the marchers in the civil rights  movement called on us to create an America where we were all judged by  the content of our character rather than the color of our skin, we find  ourselves facing the same challenges as 50 years ago, with implicit  bias and structural inequities ravaging our communities of color. That  is what you get after combining militarized policing with overly harsh  sentencing laws, mass incarceration, private prisons, continued  institutional racial discrimination, and a decades-long disinvestment  in public education, affordable housing, food assistance, addiction  treatment, and healthcare resources.   That is the system we are talking about when we talk about systemic  racism. It will take more than nice words and kind wishes in a fleeting  period of weeks to dismantle that system that has been built up in the  400 years since the first slaves were brought to our shores and in the  last 50 years of rapidly growing mass incarceration. The sooner we  finally recognize this, the sooner we can try to envision and implement  effective, comprehensive reforms on the scale necessary to create  institutions that look out for all of us.   Over the last months, as we have all confronted the health and  economic crises brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic, I have often heard  that we need to get back to normal. But that version of normal was not  working for all of us.   Rather than hoping to get back to that unequal and unjust normal of  before, I would offer this challenge to all of us. We have an  opportunity--an opportunity to rebuild our country in the months and  years ahead. Let's rebuild our country to create an America that  includes all of us. Let's rebuild our country in a way that respects  the human dignity of Black lives and provides safety and opportunity to  all of us. Let's rebuild America to become the place we all want it to  be: a nation where we see each other as fellow human beings, equally  deserving of life and liberty.   There is still so much more hard work ahead of us. Passing the  Justice in Policing Act is a first meaningful step on a long path  forward   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   