 Mr. Speaker, I rise to offer amendment No. 167 as the  designee of Mr. Hastings.    Mr. Speaker, in 1955, President Eisenhower proposed an  agreement which would allow overflight of the participant countries to  gather information about military forces and activities with the direct  intent of minimizing military escalation between the West and Russia.   In 1992, Eisenhower's vision was realized after negotiations by a  Republican administration that led to the Open Skies Treaty, a treaty  which has brought more openness but also more mutual understanding and  an avenue to hold Russia accountable for their aggression against our  allies in Europe. But, more importantly, the Open Skies Treaty calls  for higher levels of openness and transparency, leading to better  predictability and stability, which, ultimately, will lessen tensions  by trusting and, yes, by verifying.   Unfortunately, on May 22, the administration submitted a notice of  intent that the U.S. would withdraw from the treaty in violation of the  fiscal year 2020 NDAA, which requires a 120-day notice to Congress  prior to doing so.   This announcement was obviously met with strong opposition from our  NATO allies and treaty participants and, yes, many here in the United  States, for no country adherent has benefited more from this  transparency than the United States, which, together with its allies,  overflies Russia far more often than Russia can overfly NATO countries.   There is no better example of this benefit of the Open Skies Treaty  than the support it has provided to Ukraine, both in 2014, when it was  used to confirm that Russia had deployed thousands of troops near the  Ukrainian-Russian border, and again in December 2018, when an  extraordinary flight was conducted following the unprovoked Russian  attack of Ukrainian vessels in the Kerch Strait.   Now, we cannot ignore Russian violations of the treaty, but, one,  they do not negate the value of the treaty and certainly do not justify  withdrawal. Instead, the administration should do what was required in  previous NDAAs: put together a plan for broad sanctions tied to these  violations and continue to use diplomatic means together with our  allies to pressure Russia into compliance.   Walking away from this 34-nation treaty will negatively impact our  relationships in Europe, give Russia a gift in creating discord amongst  our partners in the region, and vacate a key U.S. leadership role in  countering Russian malign activities.   The worth of this treaty does not necessarily come in the form of the  images that are captured but, instead, the value it brings to our  alliances, particularly with our Eastern European partners and friends.  It was stated by former Secretary Mattis: ``Despite Russia's violations  of its obligations under the treaty, it is my view that it is in our  Nation's best interest to remain a party to the Open Skies Treaty.''   This amendment, Mr. Speaker, would provide a sense of Congress about  the importance of this treaty, the value it brings to our allies, and  express that the notice of intent to withdraw was done in violation of  the law.   That is why I urge a ``yes'' vote on this amendment, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Massachusetts (Mr. Kennedy).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from  Hawaii (Ms. Gabbard).   