 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, our economy is in a free fall. I just got  off the phone with another business in Ohio that was worried about  whether they can survive, whether or not they can keep the workers they  have, and looking to us to try to pass something that would actually  help.   The bill before us does that. Yet here we are. Another day has gone  by. More people have lost their jobs. More small businesses have  shuttered. The healthcare crisis continues. The coronavirus is  spreading, and we are not passing legislation that addresses all of  those issues.   I ask my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to work with us.  Let's come up with a bill here today.   The bill was the result of a bipartisan process. I was part of it. So  I can tell you that. There were four different task forces that were  asked to deal with four different parts of the response to the  coronavirus. Each one was bipartisan. In our case, there were two  Republicans and two Democrats. The administration was involved. We made  concessions. The Democrats made concessions. The legislation  represented that. There were ideas from both sides.   Yet here we are, 48 hours after the bill was introduced. We had hoped  to have the bill signed into law by the President on Monday. I had  businesses calling me yesterday saying: I am holding on because I was  told this was going to be done by Monday.   My hope is that those meetings that are happening behind those closed  doors over there result in something quickly and that Democrats don't  keep trying to add more things to this bill that are extraneous and  that don't have to do with the coronavirus.   This is not the time to try to get whatever your wish list is on a  piece of legislation that is moving. These are not normal times here,  where Members try to take advantage of the bill going through by adding  something to it. It is also not a time to say: Let's spend more and  more and more on everything.   This is unprecedented. The total spending in this bill will be about  $1.5 trillion. That is roughly the size of the entire appropriations  that Congress normally makes. The entire appropriations that come  through the process here, called discretionary spending, is the amount  of just one coronavirus emergency bill.   To me, it is a rescue package. It is a rescue package that does three  things. No. 1, it tries to keep the doors open in those small  businesses that are watching us so carefully right now to see  [[Page S1992]]  what is going to happen. Also, as part of keeping the doors open, it  means that you can keep your employees.   So goal one is to keep employees attached to businesses. We should  all want that. That is where most people get their healthcare and get  their retirement. That is where we want employees to be as we get over  the hump here and begin to control this virus. Then we want to go back  to work. We want to get the economy moving again so people can have  paychecks and our economy can grow again.   No. 2, we do want to take care of those people who, through no fault  of their own, have found themselves out of work. Sadly, in my home  State of Ohio and around the country, there are a lot of people in that  category.   Our unemployment insurance system is overwhelmed right now. This past  week, compared to a week ago, we had a twentyfold increase. That is a  2,000-percent increase in the number of people who were applying for  unemployment insurance. Our claims have skyrocketed. It has overwhelmed  the system. That is happening all over the country. We want to take  care of those people.   And, No. 3, this legislation does what is perhaps the most important  thing, which is that it addresses the problems in our public healthcare  system that have resulted in this response to coronavirus not being as  strong as we would like it. Think about more masks and more gowns and  protective equipment. Think about the anti-viral medication people can  take--like for the flu, you can take Tamiflu. We need the anti-viral  there to give people some comfort.   Think about the fact that we don't have enough tests out there,  still. Yes, it has improved, and it is improving every day, but we  don't have enough tests. People who are asymptomatic ought to be able  to get tests. If they are positive, then we ought to be able to trace  it. That is what they did in South Korea. That is what they did in  Japan. That is what they have done in other countries to try to get  control of this. So that is all in this legislation.   Until we solve the healthcare part of it--that last part, that third  part--we are going to continue to have problems in terms of the  economic free fall. We can't spend enough money to stop what is  happening in terms of this economic issue unless we deal with the  healthcare part of this.   I think we are starting to make progress. But do you know what? We  need the funding now so that the Centers for Disease Control, so that  the States, so that the State departments of public health, and so that  the county departments of public health can get to the point where they  know who has this, they can trace it, and they can tell us with  certainty whether we are making progress or not.   One thing this bill will let us do is to develop those metrics so  that you and I and everybody every day can see what the status is and  how many new cases have been open that day. If we have this information  from better testing, from better information flow, from the funding  that is in this bill, including billions of dollars going to the  Centers for Disease Control and back to the States, then we will be  able to have some way to measure our success and eventually be able to  say we are making progress and we have actually reversed the trend.   Only then will moms and dads feel safe having their kids go back to  school. Only then will workers feel like it is safe to go back to work.  Only then will restaurants be able to reopen and have people coming in  to take advantage of that hospitality. Only then will the theaters be  able to open up and the bowling alleys. This is in this legislation  also, in the first two we talked about, helping to keep employees at  work and keeping the doors open for small businesses.    Please, let's pass this right away, because there are doors closing  as we talk. Every minute we are here arguing over stuff, some of which  has nothing to do with the coronavirus, means another business is shut  down and another group of employees is let go.   This legislation says, if you are a small business, you can get a  loan from your bank to keep the doors open. And the loan effectively  converts to a grant, meaning that you don't have to pay it back if you  use the loan to make your payroll, to keep people, to pay your rent, or  to pay your mortgage.   This is new. It is innovative. It is something that small businesses  are excited about, but we have to pass the legislation to make it  happen. This is $350 billion. And, again, there is total forgiveness of  that loan if you use it for these purposes to keep your employees.   Please, let's get this passed right away. It is going to take a  little while for these programs to get in place. That is all the more  reason for us not to wait another day or even another hour.   Second, for larger businesses, there is this new fund called the  Exchange Stabilization Fund. That is to help companies that can't get a  loan from a bank, to be able to get help from the Treasury and the Fed  to provide money for liquidity so they can stay in business. They may  have little or no cash flow, but they are looking for a loan to be able  to stay afloat. These loans don't have to be paid back. Should there be  accountability for these loans? Of course. Republicans are for  accountability. That is fine. But let's get moving on this.   It is under this provision that there will be special help for  certain industries: the national security industry and the airlines.  Republicans are for that, but let's make sure that this is not a  giveaway and make sure there is an opportunity for the shareholders,  who are the taxpayers of our country, to be able to get their money  back, just like shareholders would want to in another business kind of  commercial loan. That is all we are asking for.   The final thing is that, under this legislation, there is significant  help for these companies to be able to keep their doors open--small,  medium, and large--through some tax incentives that provide more  liquidity during this year, 2020.   One of the important points there is that if you do have payroll--and  most of these companies still do--you don't have to pay your payroll  taxes during 2020. So you defer your payroll taxes until next year or  the year after.   Companies care a lot about that. They tell me that is very important  to them. That lowers their expenses, lets them keep people, and lets  them stay in business. Yet they have to pay them back over time. So for  the taxpayers, it is a good deal.   There is also an opportunity here to help people directly. That is in  this legislation. That is the second goal. The first goal is to keep  the doors open and keep the employees at work. The second goal is to  help people who, through no fault of their own, find themselves  unemployed, some for the first time in their lives.   I have friends at home I know who have been let go. They work in the  retail business or in the hospitality business. There is just no  business. They have never been to an unemployment insurance office.  They never had to. Now they have to.   So, yes, this legislation does include a little help for them in two  ways. One, unemployment insurance is bumped up from the Federal  Government. So every State in the country is going to have the ability  to be sure that people who come and want to get on unemployment have  the ability--maybe not to match their salary entirely, not total wage  replacement, but for low-income workers, yes. And for others there will  be at least enough money to be able to put food on the table, maybe to  pay the rent, and maybe to make the car payment during this period.   It is a short-term proposal. It is 3 months, but it is really  important. It is a safety net, the unemployment insurance.   And then, second, there is a direct payment. Perhaps you have heard  about that. I think it is $1,200 per person, $2,400 for a joint filer  or for a couple, and then $500 per child. Why is that important?  Because people need some cash right now.   Some people are not going to be able to get on the unemployment  insurance system for a while because it takes a little while to process  that. But they will have the ability, because the IRS will be sending  these checks out quickly, to be able to have a little help, a little  cushion.   So this bill has all of that. This bill is there to help people. This  bill is there to ensure that doors can stay open in these businesses  and people can stay employed, to the extent possible. Let's not block  it anymore.  [[Page S1993]]    People said: Well, there is not enough money in here. That is really  what Democrats wanted, to put more money in the bill. There is already  $75 billion straight to hospitals, and then I would argue at least  another $40 billion going to hospitals directly or indirectly through  Medicare reimbursements and through other changes in the law that help.  That used to be a lot of money around here.   My point is, if that is not enough, in a few weeks Congress will be  back. We can look at this. We will need to fine-tune this. But don't  block the bill today because it is not enough money for whatever you  think your needs are.   We don't know what the needs are. Let's be honest. What we do know is  this is an unprecedented amount of money. Congress has never passed a  rescue package like this before--$1.5 trillion, on top of about $200  billion that was in the legislation that passed only a couple of weeks  ago, on top of the $8.3 billion that was in the first one. This is  phase 3.   Then, finally, No. 3, this legislation does provide the help to the  healthcare system, particularly the public healthcare system, to be  able to provide the protective gear that is needed for our healthcare  workers, the additional ventilators and respirators that are needed in  our hospitals, the antiviral medication that can help when someone  tests positive to know there is going to be a way to minimize, to  reduce the effects of this virus and the infection.   Then, really significantly, to not only increase the testing--and,  today, LabCorp and Quest said that they can now do 300,000 tests a  week. We need to use the cotton swabs. We need to get them the swabs.  There needs to be a process there to get them, but now we are finally  starting to come online. This legislation provides funding to help move  that more quickly, to get it going so that we can have the information  to be able to measure whether we are succeeding or not; then, as we  begin to measure our success, to be able to get people back to work, to  be able to get the economy back on track, to be able to ensure people  are out there again shopping. The consumer economy is so important.   This can all happen, but this legislation is critical to making it  happen, to providing the rescue to help people weather the storm and to  ensure that, at the other end of this, we come out strong. And we will.  We will. But it requires us working together today, right now, to come  out from behind these doors, stop the negotiating to add more here and  there, and just say this is a bipartisan product. Nothing is perfect  around here, but if you make perfect the enemy of the good, you are  going to hurt more people. More small businesses will shut; more people  will be out on their own; and there will be more and more people who  will be infected with this virus who otherwise could have been saved.   So I ask my colleagues--it has already been too long--let's pass this  legislation today. Let's begin the rescue package and begin to help the  constituents who deserve it.   I yield the floor   