 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, yesterday, after putting the Senate on  pause for 3 months and after months of blocking nearly every Democratic  attempt to pass legislation related to the coronavirus, the Senate  Republicans finally revealed their long overdue proposal for the next  phase of COVID relief.   In my many years of serving in this Chamber, I have never seen a  Republican majority--a Senate majority of any type--respond to a  national emergency in such a disorganized and disoriented fashion.  Weeks of infighting among Senate Republicans and the White House caused  unnecessary and harmful delays.   Instead of presenting a single, unified bill, the Republicans  released several separate drafts last night, and there might be more  today. They can't agree on one bill. They can't get 51 votes for  anything that is comprehensive and that deals with the very real  problems the American people face. Even before the Republicans  announced their bills, senior Republican Senators admitted they lacked  the full support of the Republicans. Two Republican chairmen have said  that probably half of the Republican Senate will vote against their own  proposals. Worst of all, the Republican plan falls dreadfully short. It  is ununified, unserious, and completely unsatisfactory.   My Republican friends, this is the greatest crisis America has faced  in generations--100 years since the last health crisis of this  magnitude, 75 years since the Great Depression--and you are paying  attention to your corporate friends and not answering the needs of the  people.   We Democrats want a real bill that answers people's needs, that deals  with the serious problems we face. That is what we are fighting for. We  will keep fighting for it, and our Republican friends are nowhere to be  found.   While the Republican proposal fails to provide crucial relief for  families, workers, and the unemployed, it is littered with corporate  giveaways, K Street handouts, and Presidential pet projects. The  Republican bill includes a $20 billion slush fund for large  agribusiness and tax breaks for three-martini lunches, but it doesn't  provide a dime in food assistance for hungry kids. It includes an  unprecedented, sweeping provision to shield corporations for 5 years  from liability for negligent treatment of workers and consumers, but  there is no new, sweeping provision to shield Americans from evictions  or foreclosures.   It includes a $30 billion wish list for defense contractors but no  funding to make sure Americans can vote safely in November. There are  reports that the Republican proposal may include a provision to lower  capital standards at the Wall Street big banks but nothing to help  State, local, and Tribal governments keep teachers, firefighters, and  busdrivers on the job.   The Senate Republicans managed to sneak in nearly $2 billion in  taxpayer funds for a new FBI building, the location of which will  increase the value of the Trump hotel and enrich the President and his  family. Yes. In this proposal, the Senate Republicans reward the  President and his family's business interests but not our essential  workers.   Whom do my Republican friends need to help more--President Trump, who  proudly claims he is a billionaire, or a worker who is about to lose  his job, a small businessperson whose business is going under, or a  family who can't feed hungry children? Who needs the help more--they or  President Trump?   Perhaps, worst of all, in the middle of the pandemic, the Senate  Republicans and the White House want to give out-of-work Americans a  30-percent pay cut. If you have lost your job through no fault of your  own and you can't go back to work because the administration bungled  this crisis, the Senate Republicans propose taking $1,600 out of your  pocket every single month.   Well, let me show my colleagues what New Yorkers think of the  Republican proposal: Let them eat cake. GOP plan slices $600 check and  rejects aid to states. Let them eat cake. That is what New Yorkers  think. That is what New Yorkers think. That is what Americans think.  Let them eat cake. Shame. Shame on our Republican friends.   The cover of the New York Daily News sums it up. Let them eat cake.  ``Let them eat cake'' sums up the Republican proposal in response to  the greatest economic crisis in 75 years. Let them eat cake.   People can't feed their kids. People are losing their homes, getting  kicked out of their apartments. Small businesses are going under. The  Republican response? Let them eat cake.   Who are the Republicans fighting for in this proposal? Tax breaks for  three-martini lunches but no food assistance for the poor? Immunity for  corporations but no immunity for Americans facing eviction? Twenty,  thirty million unemployed Americans and Republicans say take a 30- percent pay cut? Who are the Republicans fighting for in this proposal?   If you are a big bank, a defense contractor, a member of the Trump  family, the Republican proposal has some good news for you, but if you  can barely afford the rent, can't find work, can't feed your kids, or  are fighting for your family's future, the Republican plan leaves you  out in the cold.   The consequences of the Republican policy on unemployment alone would  be disastrous. Those enhanced benefits have kept 12 million Americans  out of poverty. Those enhanced benefits are the one bright spot in this  declining economy--that consumer spending is going up now, in large  part because of pandemic unemployment insurance as well as PPP.   One of the few things that has kept our economy from deteriorating  further is that these unemployment benefits have boosted consumer  spending. That is why economists say the Republican proposal could cost  over 1 million jobs this year and 3.4 million jobs next year. The  Republican proposal is causing us to lose even more jobs.   States have warned us that the Republican plan on unemployment is  unworkable, to boot. We called State unemployment offices yesterday to  ask them what would happen if the Republicans passed this new scheme.  One State office simply said: Chaos. Chaos. Office after office said it  would take weeks, weeks, months to even implement the new plan. What  are people going to do during those weeks and months when they are not  getting unemployment insurance?   The idea on the Republican side that we have to slash unemployment  benefits because otherwise Americans won't go back to work is  exaggerated. Americans want to work, are ready to work, and are  desperate to get back to work. Such little faith in the American  people. Such a bad outlook on human nature. People want to work,  Republican friends; they just don't have jobs to do it, and we are not  going to let them starve while that happens.   God forbid we provide tens of millions of unemployed Americans a  lifeline until we defeat this disease and get our economy back on its  feet seems to be the Republican attitude. The Republicans seem to think  the American people are a bunch of loafers. Well, they are not.   Now, we Democrats want to get something done. We are certainly  frustrated with the dithering, the disunity, and the lack of  understanding of the depth of the crisis coming from the Republican  side, but that will not stop us. We must press on with bipartisan  negotiations. Time is running out. We cannot afford to fail. But the  Republican new proposal is not an adequate starting point.   History is repeating itself. Each time we came together in the past  to pass COVID 2, COVID 3, and COVID 3.5, it was because both parties  sat down with each other and negotiated and did the hard work. But that  was only after Republicans dared us and put an inadequate proposal on  the floor and said: We will blame you. We held firm. They came back. We  negotiated a much better bill. My hope, my belief, is that they will  have to do that again.   Leader McConnell is in his ``Alice in Wonderland'' characterizations  here on  [[Page S4518]]  the floor. I can't believe them. He keeps insisting that a bipartisan  spirit led to the CARES Act, but he skips over the fact that he dropped  a partisan bill on the floor, and Democrats had to insist on continuing  negotiating to make the bill significantly better. There is a lot of  revisionist history going on on the other side of the aisle.   This morning, McConnell continued with his ``Alice in Wonderland''  logic, suggesting that Democrats are going to be the ones standing in  the way of more relief. Let's not forget that Republicans dithered for  3 months while Democrats pleaded for action on COVID. Speaker Pelosi  and I wrote to Leader McConnell 3 weeks ago and said: Let's sit down  and talk. We didn't hear a peep out of him.   When Republicans finally woke up to the calamity in our country, they  bickered among themselves for a week, as the country approached several  cliffs--unemployment, eviction, State and local government, and more.  Now that the Republicans finally have a proposal, it is corporate- focused, doesn't meet the needs of the American people, and half of  their own caucus probably won't support it anyway.   Leader McConnell, a few minutes ago, said: If Democrats don't want to  negotiate a bill--I will remind the leader that last night, Chief of  Staff Meadows, Secretary Mnuchin, Speaker Pelosi, and I were in the  Speaker's office negotiating. Why didn't Mnuchin and Meadows bring  McConnell along? Because the Senate Republicans can't get their act  together and produce a unified position.   So, Leader McConnell, I have a suggestion: Instead of blaming  Democrats, how about Senate Republicans and Leader McConnell get their  act together, roll up their sleeves, and actually get to do real work  and solve these problems.   Every time--every time we have come to pass critical relief,  Democrats have forced our Republican colleagues and the White House to  come to the table and negotiate in a serious way. That is what we have  to do again. We need bipartisan, bicameral negotiations to produce a  bill that meets the needs of the American people. We Democrats will  continue to do that.   Speaker Pelosi and I will be meeting with Mnuchin and Meadows again  tonight in an effort to try to get a bill because the needs of the  American people, the American economy, and the American health are so  great. Let's come together and get something done. America desperately  needs our help.   I yield the floor.   