 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the  Pascrell/Kaptur amendment that would increase funding to the United  States Postal Service to carry out a pilot program for postal banking.   In 2018, President Donald Trump created a special task force to  specifically review the Post Office and necessary reforms. The Treasury  Department was directed to release the Task Force's recommendations,  which it did in its report, ``United States Postal Service: A  Sustainable Path Forward.''   In its report, the Task Force was clear: ``given the USPS's narrow  expertise and capital limitations, USPS should not pursue expanding  into new sectors, such as postal banking, the USPS does not have a  demonstrated competency or comparative advantage, or where balance  sheet risk would be added.''   The Post Office agreed. In response to a widely criticized and highly  unusual report by the United States Postal Service Office of Inspector  General (OIG), the Post Office made clear that despite any  recommendations to the contrary from the OIG, the Post Office core  mission ``is delivery, not banking.''   The Government Accountability Office (GAO) agreed. In March, the GAO  released a report finding that new, non-postal services like postal  banking may have limited viability. Based on interviews the GAO  conducted with the USPS officials, postmasters, postal employees, and  consumer groups, GAO cautioned that postal banking may ``generate  minimal revenue and [the] USPS may face factors limiting the viability  of these offerings.''   The Task Force said no. The Post Office said no. The GAO cautioned  against it. Yet there are some in Congress who seemingly have put  blinders on the overwhelming expertise of those who say this is a bad  idea.   The cost of this willful blindness is at the expense of community  banks and small financial institutions. Since Dodd-Frank, community  financial institutions have struggled with the regulatory burdens and  compliance regimes that are now required to provide basic financial  services to more Americans. Allowing the federal government to go into  banking via the Post Office might well be more than these financial  institutions can bear.  [[Page H4165]]    In short, postal banking is a bad idea. And one that I have fought  over the years and will continue to fight as needed going forward.   