 Mr. President, I want to acknowledge and express my  appreciation for the comments of the Senator from West Virginia, her  father's service, and the service of so many veterans, as well as our  colleagues here in the Senate who are here today saying thank you as we  enter this time of Thanksgiving for our veterans and all those who  serve today. We appreciate them so much.   Of course, that is what this colloquy is all about, for us to come  down today and to say thank you to our veterans, thank you to those who  serve. I know the Presiding Officer's State has a number of military  bases and a large contingent of servicemembers, and they are truly  fantastic. They are just amazing. We have two large Air Force bases in  my State, and, of course, our Guard and others who serve in our  military. I am impressed every day when I see what they do and how they  serve. We are so deeply appreciative.   That is what today is all about. It is thanking our veterans and  making the point, I think, that we need to be there for our veterans  and our servicemembers every day, not just on Veterans Day, but that we  need to be out there every day saying thank you for all that they do  for us--and to their families--and to always keep in our hearts and our  prayers all of those who are deployed around the world today keeping us  safe.   In my State of North Dakota, we have a rich tradition of service. I  am so proud of all of our North Dakotans who have served in the  military and serve today.   Since I was Governor of North Dakota, from 2000 through 2010, and  even since I have been here in the Senate, I don't think I have ever  missed participating at home on Veterans Day in ceremonies for our  servicemembers. Really, because we were in session last week, this was  the first time in, I think, more than 20 years that I wasn't able to  attend services at home for our veterans on Veterans Day. So what I did  is I went over to Arlington Cemetery and spent some time there.   I also went to the U.S. Marine Corps Memorial, and I particularly  wanted to go over to the Marine Corps Memorial because my father was a  marine. Of course, for his life--he died when he was 87 years old, but  throughout his life, you could never say he was a marine because once a  marine, always a marine. So even when he was in his eighties, he would  say he still is a marine. If you said ``was a marine,'' then he would  get mad at you, but now that he has passed, I can say he was a marine.  But he was awfully proud of his service.   As I looked at that Marine Corps Memorial, it made me think of him.  It just is, again, a recognition for all of us of how much we owe our  veterans.   So it is about thanking them and acknowledging them, but it is also  very important that we show our gratitude in other ways, by making sure  that our Armed Service forces, members, as well as all of our veterans  receive the care, the benefits, the recognition, the things that our  Nation has promised them for their service.   We need to follow through on those things. In this Congress we have  worked to do that, and we need to continue to work to do that.   Some of the things we have been able to do are work to strengthen the  VA's ability to provide veterans with a continuum of care so that not  only do they have access to the medical care they need, but they also  have that continuum of care as they get older.   We talk about our World War II generation, America's ``greatest  generation,'' as laid out in Tom Brokaw's book and that famous  acknowledgement of all that they did in World War II. So many of them,  of course, we are losing now, and it highlights the need to make sure  that we have the continuum of care there for them, both care in terms  of nursing home care and also home-based care as well. We need to make  sure that those options are available to them.   We also need to recognize that members of our military suffer  injuries both seen and unseen. There are the wounds that you can see,  but then there are also the wounds, the battle scars of war, that you  can't see.   In terms of what the VA does for our veterans, we need to make sure  that the mental healthcare and the suicide prevention programs are in  place there as well. Last month the Commander John Scott Hannon  Veterans Mental Health Care Improvement Act was signed into law, and I  was pleased to be able to cosponsor that legislation, and that  legislation will help advance a more comprehensive approach to address  the tragedy of veteran suicide.   It also expands access to alternative treatment options like  hyperbaric oxygen therapy, or HBOT, for veterans who have not been able  to benefit or recover using traditional therapies for post-traumatic  stress.   Last year, working with others, I was able to secure for the Fargo VA  designation as the fifth location in the Nation for an HBOT pilot  program, and we recently extended that program for a longer period of  time and added additional service area in Jamestown, ND, as well.   I have to say, our VA veterans healthcare facility in Fargo is second  to none. They do a tremendous job. I talk to veterans who go there not  only from North Dakota but from much of Minnesota, and they really  appreciate it. The care there is high level.   Sometimes we hear these stories and have great concern about  veterans' care facilities where they are not doing a good job, and we  need to address that, but I can say that our Fargo, ND, VA healthcare  facility is tops. And the veterans I talk to on a regular basis tell me  that, so we are very appreciative of all the healthcare providers who  work there and do that very good job for our wonderful veterans. So we  need to continue to provide that type of care as well.   Also, I joined with Senator Sinema and Senator Sullivan in  introducing the Reduce Unemployment for Veterans of All Ages Act, which  enables veterans, regardless of when they served, to access VA's  vocational rehabilitation and employment benefits. That just makes  sense, particularly during this pandemic. We are seeing the challenges  with unemployment for everybody, and making sure that our great  veterans have access to work and employment when they come back or  leave the service is always a priority. It is obviously very much a  priority as we work our way through this pandemic.   So passing this legislation would help provide veterans with greater  self-sufficiency, better financial security, and, of course, a higher  quality of life.   Also, as chairman of the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs, I have  worked with our committee to ensure that our  [[Page S7055]]  Nation fulfills its promise to our Native American veterans. Native  Americans serve in our military in a higher percentage than any other  ethnic group, which is truly remarkable and a tremendous thing.   So, as I say, for all of our veterans, we have to be there, but we  certainly have to make sure, then, that we are providing help and  support for our Native American veterans who have served as well.   Clearly, Native American veterans face some unique challenges related  to homelessness and housing, and that is a function of being on the  reservation. They have some unique challenges, and we have to work to  address those challenges.   So I have worked with Senator Udall, the vice chairman of the Indian  Affairs Committee, along with Senator Tester, whom I think is ranking  member on the Veterans' Affairs Committee, and we introduced the Tribal  HUD-VASH Act, which would provide rental housing assistance as well as  housing for eligible Native American veterans who are homeless or at  risk of homelessness.   Our legislation has passed the Senate, and we are certainly hoping  that it receives action in the House very soon.   As we continue to support our servicemembers, I also am a member of  the Senate Defense Appropriations Committee, and we need to continue to  work to invest in our military and ensure that our servicemembers have  the tools they need to complete their missions.   In North Dakota we have many Active-Duty servicemembers at our Air  Force bases, as well as others in the State. They perform incredibly  important missions, and we need to make sure that we are supporting  them and our servicemembers across the country and deployed around the  globe and that they have what they need to do their missions.   That applies equally for our members of the National Guard and the  reserves. As a former Governor--and I know the Presiding Officer was a  former Governor himself--the amount that we rely on the National Guard  is unbelievable. Their level of service is unbelievable. Whether it is  fire or flood or hurricane or tornadoes or any kind of natural disaster  here at home or whether it is deploying to the global war on terror in  Afghanistan, Iraq, or anywhere else around the world, our National  Guard is there. They do an incredible, incredible job, so we need to  make sure we are supporting our Guard and reserves just as we support  our Active-Duty forces. As a matter of fact, one of our Guard units is  actually deployed for a 9-month assignment defending the Nation's  Capital. They are here defending Washington, DC.   Again, talk to anybody who is a Governor or a former Governor, and  they will tell you just how incredible the National Guard is. And those  deployments are not easy. Whether they are deployed overseas, whether  they are deployed somewhere in the United States, whether down on the  border or wherever it may be, they serve. And we can't forget that  their families serve too. When they are gone, the families have to pick  up the slack at home, and they do.   That is one reason that each year since coming to the Senate, I have  introduced in the past the Senate resolution proclaiming a national Day  of the Deployed to recognize and thank our deployed servicemembers and  their family members: Active Duty, Guard, and Reserves.   With Thanksgiving approaching, we are reminded of the many freedoms  and blessings that we enjoy as a nation, all of which have been secured  by the men and the women who have served and do serve in our Armed  Forces.   Today and every day--not just on Veterans Day but today and every  day--we say thank you and God bless you   I yield the floor.   