 Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R.  943, the bipartisan Never Again Education Act, of which I am a  cosponsor.   Never again is, sadly, not assured. Today, as we mark the 75th  anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz and honor the memory of 6  million Jews murdered in the Holocaust, it is more important than ever  that we come together to fight anti-Semitism.   Anti-Semitism is real, and it is growing. I have seen it in my own  community. Overall crime is down dramatically, but hate crimes are  rising. Anti-Semitic graffiti was found sprayed not once but twice at  the Holocaust Memorial and Tolerance Center in my hometown of Glen Cove  in Nassau County.   Why is it happening? Divisive rhetoric is one cause. Nefarious use of  social media by the haters and by our foreign adversaries who wish to  foment civil unrest is another. But most important is ignorance.   The ignorance regarding the Holocaust is shocking, with over 50  percent of Americans ignorant of the fact that over 6 million Jews were  killed during the Holocaust.   We must recognize that education is the best tool to fight ignorance.  That is why the Never Again Education Act is so very important.   I recently traveled to Belgium to commemorate the 75th anniversary of  the Battle of the Bulge. In preparation, I read the book ``Band of  Brothers.'' In the book, it described how soon after the Battle of the  Bulge, literally miles away from the concentration camps they were  about to liberate in just a few weeks, the soldiers were debating  whether the Holocaust was real. Or, ``Was it just propaganda?''   Think of it: literally miles away from the camps just weeks before  liberation, after millions of people had already been killed, and they  were questioning whether or not it was real. Imagine how more dangerous  the ignorance is 75 years later, how much scarier that ignorance is 75  years later.   If we do not use the lessons of history to make enlightened moral  choices, we risk turning a blind eye to the same hatred and anti- Semitism that formed the permissive foundation for genocide in the  first place. Let's teach our children about the dreadful consequences  of hate and intolerance. We can help ensure that ``never again'' is  assured for future generations.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important,  bipartisan legislation.    Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5671, the  Merchant Mariners of World War II Congressional Gold Medal Act,  introduced by Representative Garamendi. This act will award a  Congressional Gold Medal, an extremely high honor, to the merchant  mariners who served our country during World War II.   This legislation is particularly timely, as the Board of Visitors of  the United States Merchant Marine Academy, of which I am a member, is  meeting on campus next week in Kings Point, Long Island, in my  district.    The United States Merchant Marine Academy is the only service academy  whose students engage in combat during times of war. In fact, over  7,000 of these students answered our Nation's call to duty. Six hundred  are still alive today, but 142 of them did not make it back from World  War II.   Edwin J. O'Hara was one of those students. In 1942, Edwin O'Hara was  just another 19-year-old cadet and signed on aboard the newly delivered  Liberty ship SS Stephen Hopkins in San Francisco, California.   On one foggy, hazy night aboard the ship, a German raider appeared  out of the mist and began firing at close range. Bullets rained down on  the crew, wounding the armed guard commander and taking him out of  action. O'Hara, just a student, who was nearby, rushed forward to take  his place, firing the shells left until being mortally wounded by enemy  fire.   Only 19 of the 60 men aboard O'Hara's ship made it to the lifeboat  that night. O'Hara was not one of them. For his brave sacrifice, Edwin  O'Hara was posthumously awarded the Distinguished Service Medal.   Brave men and women like O'Hara at the Merchant Marine Academy in  [[Page H549]]  Kings Point, as well as the mariners who served across the country,  deserve the highest recognition.   Sadly, many of these midshipmen did not even receive veteran status  until 1988. But it is not too late. It is time we recognized their  sacrifice and award them this much-deserved Congressional Gold Medal.   I applaud my colleagues, all of them, for supporting this and  Congressman   John Garamendi, especially, for his leadership, and I ask  my colleagues to support our brave merchant mariners.   