 Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the  George Floyd Justice in Policing Act.   Mr. Hudson is my friend. I think the world of Mr. Hudson, but Mr.  Hudson wasn't in the markup or the hearing of the Committee on the  Judiciary on this bill. And what they would have seen is what I saw and  what I put into the Hill publication today.   I saw shams. I saw ruses. I saw them bringing up antifa. I saw them  bringing up ``Russia hoax,'' bringing up Michael Flynn. They brought up  abortion. They didn't talk about George Floyd. They didn't talk about  attacks on African Americans. They didn't talk about justice and making  it better. They brought up sham issues to try to divert the American  people's eyes to what is the Trump train propaganda machine. And they  were on it.   They brought up the sister of a slain officer in Oakland thinking  that they were going to change the narrative to the protesters and,  really, the rioters. Well, it turned out it was a boogaloo member;  people who are white, many are white supremacist, and they want civil  war in this country for who killed that officer and then within a week  killed a sheriff in Santa Cruz. You don't ever hear them mention  boogaloo. They bring up antifa. And there is nothing about antifa to be  involved in any of these protests. It is unfortunate what we have seen.   This is a good bill. Its time is now. It collects data on bad cops so  other police departments will know about it. It collects data on the  use of deadly force. It prohibits chokeholds. It makes reforms on  deadly-force usage. It sets up an independent system of judgment on  officers where there won't be home cooking and hand-in-glove law, as it  has been currently, and there will be better training: Racial bias and  de-escalation.   They brought up defunding the police, that Congress has not brought  up defunding the police. That is their ruse. It is ``re-fund,'' if  anything, but it is not defund. It is embarrassing. I was embarrassed  to see the Republicans did it. It was a shame on the lives of George  Floyd, Eric Garner, Michael Brown, all the other people in Memphis-- Steven Atkins and Darrius Stewart--whose lives have been cut short by  improper activities and deadly force by police officers.   Police are mostly good, but the ones that aren't need to be brought  to justice.   