 Madam President, today is a happy day for me to be  joining my friends Senator Menendez and Senator Sullivan here on the  Senate floor to celebrate the successful conclusion of a second chapter  in a long effort to address the problem of ocean plastics pollution,  which has been described so well by my friend Senator Sullivan.   When we began, there was actually no program whatsoever on ocean  plastics in the Senate. There had never been legislation in this area.  With Senator Sullivan's support, we decided to see what the traffic  would bear, see what the Senate and the House might tolerate in terms  of legislating in a new area. For that, we undertook the Save Our Seas  bill. And at the end of the day, after a certain amount of static,  actually on both sides of the aisle, we were able to get Save Our Seas  passed by unanimous consent. Every single Member of the Senate had to  agree to it. To me, that was a really exciting test to the proposition  that Senators actually care about this. One of my favorite moments in  that whole episode was when a Senator, with whom I am often at war-- Senator Inhofe of landlocked Oklahoma--became an ally and a friend and  a supporter of Save Our Seas, the original bill. And he did so because  he had childhood experiences on the gulf coast with sea turtles that  made him care about the plastic that was piling up in the oceans and  strangling and drowning sea creatures.   It has, this topic, a gift, I guess, for bringing people together.  And based on that success and that unanimous consent--and it cleared  the House the same way on what they call suspension over there--we  undertook 2.0; 2.0 is going to be bigger, better than 1.0. And it sure  is bigger, better. And the role of Senator Menendez in putting some  real structure to the international component of this was essential.   Senator Menendez is our ranking member on the Foreign Relations  Committee. In that role, he was essential in seeing to it that this  bill, with such a big Foreign Relations Committee footprint, cleared  that committee with momentum and good to go.   We are now in the happy position that 2.0 has passed as well. It  creates a new marine debris foundation. It creates a genius prize for  innovation in trying to get rid of or reinvent or reimagine our plastic  disposal system. It creates new research to tackle this issue. It  focuses more, as I said, directly on our international relations  because so much of the marine plastic waste comes out of foreign shores  and down foreign rivers. It also focuses on our domestic waste  management program.   This is a good step. I have heard people say that 2.0 is not enough.  Darn right it is not enough, but this is how you build momentum. You  prove that you can do something and that the Senate is willing to act  on it. Then, you stand on that platform and you build a bigger, better  bill, and you get  [[Page S7488]]  that passed. And now Senator Sullivan and I are already discussing what  3.0 might look like.   I am not in a position to speak for Senator Sullivan, but I am  interested in looking under the hood of the recycling industry. When  you put your plastic waste into a blue bin to go off and get recycled,  how much of it actually does get recycled? How can we make sure that  there is, in fact, a circle in which plastic gets manufactured, put  into use, brought back out of the system, and not left in the ocean,  not left as waste on our lands? How can you develop what is called the  circular economy for plastic?   Plastic is a weird thing. Nature hasn't seen plastic before. It  doesn't biodegrade the way things that were made by the Lord  biodegrade. Nothing eats it. If something does eat it, it just piles up  in its body or goes through it neutrally. It provides no nutrition or  value to anything. It is just this new thing out there. We need to  figure out how to deal with it, and we need to get it the heck out of  our oceans.   More to come on this. But let me take this moment to thank Senator  Menendez for his leadership, particularly, on the foreign side of this,  and Senator Sullivan for his leadership and for being such a terrific  ally in this cause.   With that, I yield back.    Madam President, I should add a few other thank-yous  because this, obviously, took a lot of effort to get through all these  different committees in the Senate and the House and to get it passed  on the Senate and House floor. I want to start on the House side, with  the equivalent of the Whitehouse-Sullivan show is the Young-Bonamici  show on the other side; Representative Bonamici and Representative  Young, whom Senator Sullivan mentioned, were the key people working  this issue.   I want to thank my delegation,  Jim Langevin and   David Cicilline,  because, during key points when it looked like things were jamming up  over there, they jumped up with their leadership and with their  colleagues to help move things along, and I believe Representative  Young did as well.   I want to thank the majority leader, Steny Hoyer, who at a really  critical moment, when this could have gone one way or another, made  sure it went the right way and got us teed up to get the thing done in  the House and back here where we could move it in the Senate.   In the Senate, I have spoken about Senator Menendez's critical role,  but, of course, as chairman, Senator Risch also had to support and  permit this to go forward. It had to clear Commerce, where Senator  Wicker and Senator Cantwell were supportive and helped move this along.  Senator Wicker, indeed, has been a member of our Oceans Caucus from an  early stage and has been very helpful on oceans issues.   Then on our--Senator Sullivan's and my--Environment and Public Works  Committee, Chairman Barrasso and our ranking member, Senator Carper,  were all very supportive.   Things like this don't get done without a lot of people pulling  together, and I just wanted to make sure that I thanked all of them as  I close out here on this subject.   So thank you.    Madam President, while Senator Grassley is on the  floor, I would thank him for his remarks about the First Step Act and  let him know that on the Judiciary Committee, I look forward to working  with him to continue to advance that.   As the Senate knows, the Grassley-Durbin segment and the Cornyn- Whitehouse segment were the two key pieces of that bill, and it is  terrific to hear the Senator and our chairman at the time chose support  to continue that work. So I am grateful.   What I would like to do now is to follow the conversation we had  about oceans a minute ago in the context of my ``Time to Wake Up''  speeches.   Obviously, the oceans are taking a colossal beating from climate  change, from the warming, from the chemical acidification that it  causes. It is warming at a rate of multiple detonations of Hiroshima- level nuclear weapons per second in the ocean. That is the amount of  heat that is added, if you want to put an image to it.   So we have done some good things on oceans in this Congress, and I  would like to summarize some of those.   One, obviously, is Save Our Seas 2.0 that Senator Sullivan, Senator  Menendez, and I just discussed, but we also have a little package of  enforcement provisions in the National Defense Authorization Act that  focus on what is commonly called illegal, unreported, and unregulated  fishing--IUU fishing--which is a really boring and bureaucratic name  for extremely bad behavior.   Essentially, it is modern slavery at sea for the crew, who are  miserably trapped on these illegal, pirate fishing vessels. They are  also an avenue for trafficking of humans, of narcotics, of arms, or  whatever. Once you are out in a boat outside, beyond the realm of the  law, operating illegally and doing whatever you can for money, you will  do pretty much anything there is. So in addition to ransacking our  common seas, these pirate fishing fleets are really dangerous vectors  for really dangerous criminal conduct.   I am glad that we have put a little more heat on the Navy to up its  game and report on its implementation of previously passed measures. I  am glad that we have directed the Navy to work with the Coast Guard,  which has the substantive jurisdiction over all of this, and to work  with the private sector involved in solutions to this. There are such  things as private sector satellites that track the wake and the signal  of these illegal fishing vessels, and coordinating that with our  intelligence and our research I think will really help in fighting that  battle, so that we are sharing the information that we can and  gathering the information that we can to be more effective.   Finally, as I recall from my travels with the late Senator McCain,  when you went to coastal countries near China, you always heard the  same complaint. We went to the Philippines and heard it. We went to  Vietnam and heard it. We went to Indonesia and heard it. There are  probably others if I could remember more clearly that I could add to  that list. But the complaint was that the Chinese fishing fleet is  incredibly aggressive, it is trespassing into foreign sovereign waters,  it is fishing illegally and outside of any respect for the domestic  protections of these nations, and it is often violently protected by  Chinese vessels, by navy or other vessels of the Chinese Government. So  focusing on that as a place to push back and protect our oceans while  at the same time diminishing this bad behavior by China is also a good  thing.   So that was our suite of progress on pirate fishing in the NDAA.   In the omnibus, we expect at least $75 million to go, for the first  time, into a new fund to tackle ocean plastics and for ocean plastic  work in the administration.   So those are bits of good news, and I am delighted that those things  have happened. The less good news from this past year is that coasts  remain sadly underfunded, and we have missed some real opportunities.   Two of the accounts that demonstrate how badly funded coasts are  facing these threats from the changing oceans are the Land and Water  Conservation Fund, which should properly be called the inland and  freshwater conservation fund, and the Army Corps Flood and Coastal  Storm Damage Reduction Fund.   If you go back and look at how this money actually gets spent, for  every dollar that the Land and Water Conservation Fund spends in an  inland State, in a landlocked State, per capita, it spends only 40  cents in a coastal State--a dollar per capita inland, 40 cents per  capita coastal. And that actually understates the coastal discrepancy  because it doesn't count the spending in coastal States that isn't on  coasts. You have coastal States like New York, Pennsylvania, and Texas  that have big, big upland inland areas in which most of the Land and  Water Conservation Fund money goes.   So what we really ought to do is call this what it is, which is an  inland and freshwater conservation fund, and have a parallel coastal  and saltwater preservation fund to make sure that coasts are treated  fairly.    I did not even get the chance to ask for some adjustments to treat  coasts more fairly as an amendment when we reconsidered the Land and  Water Conservation in the so-called Great American Outdoors Act, which  was frustrating because everybody--at least on my side of the aisle-- talks a good game about how we need to have more amendments, we need to  have more amendments. That deal got locked down before it got to the  Senate floor. Nobody was allowed an amendment. So that was frustrating,  but we will fight on because coasts need to be treated fairly, and with  sea level rise and warming and fisheries moving about and storm surge  worsening and more hurricanes, the dangers to coasts are greater than  before, not less.   On the Army Corps account, that is even more extreme. If you go back  through the last 10 years, the best year the coasts had in the flood  and coastal storm damage account was 1 coastal dollar for every 19  inland dollars--1 coastal dollar for every 19 inland dollars. Tell me  how that is fair to coasts facing those same risks. And that is the  best year. The worst year was 120 times more for inland projects than  for coastal projects--less than a penny on the dollar. Less than a  penny on the dollar for America's coasts.   So we have a lot of work to do to make sure that we are doing what we  need to do for our coasts. I am hoping that we can move the OFFSHORE  Act--that there is even a faint chance of getting it done in the last  few days. It had a successful hearing in Energy and Natural Resources.  It has 19 bipartisan cosponsors, including Commerce Chairman Wicker,  and it would treat wind energy offshore the same way for revenues that  we treat oil drilling offshore--i.e., 37.5 percent to the nearby State,  12.5 percent to a dedicated fund. In this case, it would be the Oceans  and Coastal Fund because it is oceans and coastal. It is one of the  ironies that most of the money that comes off of coastal oil drilling-- offshore oil drilling--gets moved into the Land and Water Conservation  Fund, where it goes out West and is spent on inland, not coastal,  projects.   So we continue to have real work to do. There is the BLUE GLOBE Act,  which I have with Senator Murkowski, on data monitoring in the oceans  and Great Lakes--we are going to continue to push forward--and our Blue  Carbon bill, which will help us address the changes in the oceans that  climate change is wreaking. With Blue Carbon, things like growing  mangroves are incredibly powerful as a carbon sink, kelp and sea  grass--to get that research done and do the work we need to to  deacidify our oceans while we still have reefs that are alive.   My ideal would be a ``big blue bill''--a big blue bill that combines  BLUE GLOBE, Blue Carbon, and others and,  [[Page S7491]]  for once, finally, finally, finally, finally, finally takes our oceans  and coasts seriously.   I get that we are terrestrial mammals, but a lot of us care for our  coasts, a lot of us care for our seas, a lot of our economies are  dependent on our oceans, and the health of the planet is dependent on  the cooling and on the oxygen that oceans provide. So we mess around  with our oceans at our peril.   I hope that the Biden administration will take climate change as  deadly serious as it needs to be taken and that it will step up a  significant step from the degree of attention climate change got in the  Obama administration.   We have to recognize the danger to our future if we remain  negligent--it is that simple. And we have to make sure we free  ourselves from the thrall of the fossil fuel industry's climate denial  machine because the fossil fuel industry does not want what is best for  America, does not want what is best for people, does not want what is  best for oceans and the environment; it wants what is best for its  profits, period, and end of story.   So we really, really, really, under the Biden administration, need a  serious climate bill to safeguard the oceans on the only planet that we  call home.   I yield the floor.   