 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, during these last couple of weeks, like  the rest of my colleagues, I was glad to get back home and spend some  time talking to the men and women who are continuing to deal with the  hurdles brought on by this pandemic.   As our battle against COVID-19 has waged on, I have looked to folks  across different industries in Texas to provide us an honest readout  about the challenges they are facing and whether what we have done for  them is working. Over these last 3 months, again, like all of us, I  have heard from medical professionals on the frontlines of this fight,  researchers and scientists who are racing to find treatments and  vaccines, small business owners just hanging on by the skin of their  teeth trying to keep their businesses afloat and their employees' jobs  intact, as well as countless other men and women who are doing  everything in their power to support their neighbors and to protect  their communities. Their feedback has been invaluable, as always, to  the work of the Senate as we have worked to pass four coronavirus bills  to support them during this challenging period.   As we prepare to work on the next response package, I was glad to  hear from them about what they would like us to include in that. I have  spoken with faculty and staff from community colleges across the State  who are working to keep their students healthy while continuing to  provide them with quality education. Like school leaders at all  levels--from K-12 to other colleges and universities--they are  constantly reevaluating the situation and preparing to make decisions  about returning to onsite working and learning. I know these are  difficult conversations that are happening across the country, and I am  grateful for the hard work and dedication of incredible educators who  are figuring out how to keep our children safe while continuing to give  them the education they deserve and they need.   Last week, I spent some time hearing from mental health advocates who  are fighting to ensure that Texans have the support and resources they  need amid so much stress and uncertainty. Over the last several months,  everyone in our country has experienced some substantial shift in their  daily routine. No matter how major or minor these changes, combined  with the stress that comes from living through a pandemic, this is all  taking a toll on America's mental health.   I was glad to hear from more leaders with the Meadows Mental Health  Policy Institute about how funding from the CARES Act has strengthened  access to mental healthcare and how we can continue to support mental  health services in Texas and across the country.   I also valued my time with Texas veterans and talked to them about  how the CARES Act can help them and their families and their  businesses. We  [[Page S4255]]  discussed the VA-specific funding that is strengthening access to  healthcare for many veterans, and I appreciated the opportunity to hear  more about some of the challenges they are facing and how we can do  more in the Senate to support them.   Over the last few weeks, I have enjoyed connecting with these Texans  virtually, but I was also glad to join Agriculture Secretary Sonny  Perdue for in-person visits with some of the men and women keeping  America fed and clothed during this time of increased need. This  pandemic has dealt a serious blow to Texas agriculture, and I would  dare say to the Presiding Officer; I am sure it is true in her State as  well. From livestock to row crops, to dairy, producers have seen their  markets shrink and nearly disappear.   Last Thursday, Secretary Perdue, Congressman   John Carter, and I  participated in a roundtable in Coupland, TX, to discuss the impact of  the pandemic on Texas agriculture. The CARES Act provided $16 billion  in agricultural assistance, and so far Texans have received more than  $300 million to support our producers. I was glad to learn more about  how this funding is helping them through these difficult times and  learning more about what should be included in the next bill.   Secretary Perdue and I also had the chance to see how two incredible  organizations in Texas are keeping families fed. First, we visited the  Houston Food Bank, which is the largest food bank in the Nation. Under  normal circumstances, the Houston Food Bank and its volunteers provide  food to families across 18 counties in Southeast Texas. As the impact  of COVID-19 has grown, so has the need for assistance, so much so that  our National Guard troops have been lending a hand for months, but this  week that will come to an end.   Compared to the same time last year, the Houston Food Bank has seen  up to a 171-percent increase in the need for food assistance. In June  alone, the Houston Food Bank delivered more than 27 million pounds of  food. It was a pleasure to join Secretary Perdue in volunteering for  this incredible organization and being able to thank the men and women  who are keeping our families fed in person. We were also able to visit  one of the homes of the USDA Meals-to-You Program, which provides  nutritious meals for low-income students in rural areas across the  Nation.   These are two incredible examples of how organizations throughout the  State are supporting those who have been hardest hit by the pandemic.  Support for our farmers, our ranchers, producers, food banks, and other  organizations keeping Texas fed was a big part of the CARES Act, and I  hope we will continue to strengthen that support with the next  coronavirus response package.   Senator Murphy and I introduced the SERVE and CARRY Act, which will  provide additional opportunities to help low-income and unemployed  Texans access food during the pandemic. It would establish three new  programs to not only help put food on the table of Texans in need but  also support the farmers, restaurants, and their workers who are  suffering as a result of the economic impact of this pandemic.   This legislation has been endorsed by the National and Texas  Restaurant Associations, the California and Texas Food Banks, and a  number of other anti-hunger organizations. It is time we put our  restaurants and their employees back to work in feeding people, and let  our men and women in uniform volunteering at the food banks go home to  be with their families. The SERVE and CARRY Act will do just that, and  I urge my colleagues to look at it and hopefully support it.   As we dive into discussions on the next coronavirus response package,  the feedback and ideas provided by these Texans during this last 2  weeks could not have been more timely. I want to thank each of them for  taking the time to share their ideas and feedback with me. I come back  to Washington with fresh ideas, and I am eager to get to work so we can  provide additional support for the Texans who have been impacted so  dramatically by this virus   