 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am vice chairman of the Defense  Appropriations Subcommittee. It is an awesome responsibility and  assignment. We end up dealing with over 50 percent of the discretionary  domestic spending each year in the United States. I work with my  chairman, Senator Shelby, and I have worked with others in the past  trying to keep up with a changing environment in the world and a  changing agenda in Washington. Many of the briefings I receive are open  and public, and many are also classified.   Last week, I met with the top U.S. commander in Europe, General Tod  Wolters. General Wolters provided for me and Senator Shelby a  classified briefing on the Trump administration's plans to remove  almost 12,000 American troops from Germany. Yesterday, the Secretary of  Defense, Mark Esper, made a similar briefing but publicly to the press.   I am extremely concerned by both the classified and unclassified  information I have been given about this plan and by the differences in  the briefing I received compared to the public announcements from the  Secretary of Defense yesterday. Let me start off by saying that this  plan makes no sense. While some are framing this as an improvement of  our military posture in Europe, I don't buy it. Nobody else should  either.    Germany now spends 1.3 percent of its gross domestic product on  defense. Along with a majority of NATO members, Germany has agreed to  reach a goal of 2 percent of GDP on defense. Germany ought to make good  on its word; that is for sure. But to be clear, many, including  President Trump, fail to appreciate that there is much more to NATO's  importance than simply meeting a spending goal. In fact, there are many  important ways to evaluate this historic NATO alliance and judge the  commitment of each member, including the political will of its leaders,  its shared vision and values, and the interoperability of our military  through regular training. All of these things add to NATO's deterrence.  But President Trump is clearly just using this argument about the  percentage contribution and insufficient spending to drive a petty and  personal grudge against Germany.   How do we know this? Because--listen to this--the countries that  would be receiving our troops transferred out of Germany also do not  meet the 2 percent goal.   President Trump was reportedly angry that German Chancellor Merkel  declined an invitation for an in-person G7 summit in the United States  in the middle of this global pandemic. Think  [[Page S4604]]  of that: She was worried about the health consequences of such a  meeting. We are canceling gatherings right and left in America because  of a genuine concern we have for the well-being of one another.  Chancellor Merkel's position is hardly unreasonable. It makes sense.  Many of the statements and conduct from the President Trump do not.   Amidst this snub to our NATO allies, President Trump continues to try  to bring President Putin and Russia into the G7, even after reports  about Russian bounties being put on American soldiers in Afghanistan  and the President's failure time and again since this has been  disclosed to raise the issue with Vladimir Putin.   During the briefing last week, I understood there would be a  distributive process for planning how these troops would be moved and  when they would be moved. We would discuss the infrastructure that  needs to be built in the United States as well as in Europe, and we  would be in close consultation with our allies in the process.   In contrast, the Vice Chairman of the Joints Chief of Staff, General  Hyten, stated yesterday that there is a planning process occurring. He  also went on to say that ``we'll start moving right away with forces  moving right away.'' Really? Without the planning? It sounds like this  general is snapping to the attention of the President, who is  determined to poke the German Chancellor in the eye. Shouldn't our  highest priority be the defense of America rather than a spite match?   If I am confused about how quickly this plan has unfolded, I will bet  the rest of our NATO allies are as well.   I might also say that I received a preliminary cost estimate on how  much American taxpayers will have to pay for this political adventure  by President Trump. This figure is still classified. I am sorry that it  is, but I can assure you the costs are substantial. Secretary Esper was  dismissive yesterday of its cost; he should not be. It is substantial.   Hiding the costs of this troop realignment plan brings to mind the  President's campaign promise that Mexico was going to pay for our  border wall. In reality, the Department of Defense paid for a large  part of it because the President diverted funds appropriated for our  national defense to this Captain Queeg venture of his on our southern  border.   The Defense Department should make cost estimates of this plan public  today. Let the American people know what the President expects us to  spend in order for him to get the last word with Angela Merkel. The  American people ought to decide for themselves whether this is a cost  worth bearing.   Let me tell you what has been conspicuously absent from both public  and private briefings, and that is whether our commitment to our real  allies in Europe and NATO is really designed to address the frontline  of potential Russian aggression and provocation. I know what that  frontline is, and most people do as well--the Baltics and Poland.  Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, and Poland--here are four countries that  have the most to lose if Putin chooses a path to war. Each of them  meets and exceeds the spending goals for NATO. But this plan for the  reallocation and reassignment of U.S. troops does not help these four  countries.   I went through the briefing. Those four countries weren't raised in  the briefing. I raised them in a question afterward: Why are these  countries being overlooked if we are moving troops to make Europe  safer? Instead, the Department of Defense yesterday threw in as an  aside a vague assurance--maybe just a possibility--that sometime, maybe  in the future, more American troops might rotate through those  countries for short periods of time. Major parts of the plan that I saw  and part of the plan that was released yesterday actually move American  troops and NATO allies further away from Russia.   Vladimir Putin is getting the last laugh again when it comes to this  President. Vladimir Putin fears a united NATO. Sadly, President Trump  has done everything he can to divide and diminish that NATO alliance.  President Putin believes that as long as that NATO alliance is divided,  he is in a stronger bargaining position. Sadly, he is right.   NATO is the most successful alliance in American history. Instead of  strengthening it, the President of the United States is weakening it.  Instead of leading it, he is undermining it. The best way to reassure  our allies that we are with them is to scrap this plan now.   If this administration is so confident about how good an idea this  is, tell the American people how much it is going to cost and explain  why we are not reallocating our forces in Europe to the real frontline  in Poland and the Baltics. Instead of pulling back our troops, we  should be withdrawing this half-baked plan and start over anew with a  focus on stopping aggression from Vladimir Putin and standing behind  our traditional allies.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I believe there are pending requests by  several Members, and I don't want to try to preempt it.    I yield the floor.    Mr. President, if you want to know what is wrong with  Washington, take a snapshot of this day. Take a snapshot of where we  stand at this moment.   In the midst of the worst health crisis in American history in 100  years and in the midst of the worst economic setback in 75 years, we  have reached the point in the U.S. Senate where we are going to adjourn  until next week, leaving in doubt whether 30 million unemployed  Americans will continue to receive support from the Federal Government.  How have we reached this point?   Well, in anticipation of this moment, 10 weeks ago, the House of  Representatives passed a rescue package that not only addressed  unemployment benefits but a score of other major concerns we have at  this moment in our history and at this moment in our economy--10 weeks  ago.   Since then, the burden has been on the Republican leader in the U.S.  Senate, Senator McConnell, of Kentucky, to pick up the challenge and to  produce his own approach, whatever it may be, representing his caucus-- the Republican caucus--on what to do with the economy and what to do  with the pandemic. We stand today, preparing to leave for 3 or 4 days,  with nothing--nothing.   The situation is so bad that an individual Republican Senator decided  to come to the floor and see if he could fix it. I disagree with his  approach completely, but I respect the fact that he is as frustrated as  we all are waiting on Senator McConnell to come forward.   Here is the reality of what we face and the reality that Senator  McConnell should face. Any solution coming out of the Senate needs to  be bipartisan. Democrats and Republicans need to agree, and we did on  March 26. The vote was 96 to nothing for the CARES Act--96 to nothing.  I went home to Illinois and people would come up to me and say: I can't  believe you did that. I didn't think you agreed on anything in  Washington, but you all agreed on one thing, the most significant  economic rescue package in the history of the United States.   Well, we were challenged to do it again, and we have failed miserably  in the Senate. Under the current leadership with a Republican majority,  they cannot produce a bill to bring to conference or at least to a  conference table between the House and the Senate.   I would like to address directly some of the arguments being made.  Here is one that you have heard over and over. I think it is an urban  legend, and I want to say a word about it. Here is how it goes: $600 a  week? At $600 a week, at that level, individuals will not even take a  job. They will sit home on the couch and watch another round of  Netflix, binging, and they will not even want to go back to work. How  many times have you heard that $600 is just too much money? I can tell  you that $600 is the equivalent of $15 an hour, which many of us  believe is at least a minimum living wage. It is certainly not a luxury  salary for anyone. If you have lost your job, that $600 Federal check,  together with whatever the State sends your way, has to pay for a lot  of things: rent, mortgage, car payments, utilities--did I mention  health insurance?--food, clothing for the kids, the debts you have  already incurred leading into this, and your credit cards. All of a  sudden, $600 a week tends to evaporate.   What if you had health insurance where you worked, and they laid you  off or fired you and said it was over, that they are closing down? If  you tried to pick up the employer's share of your health insurance, the  average cost is $1,700 a month. So $600 a week, $2,400 a month, and  $1,700 of it is just going to keep the health insurance you had on the  job?   Then there is this abiding notion that people who are unemployed just  aren't trying hard enough to get a job. They say: You know, the jobs  are out there, and these folks are just saying: I would rather not.   Let's take a look at the facts, and here are the facts. For every job  that is available in America today, there are four unemployed people.  So it isn't as if it is the other way around, one job for every four  unemployed people. It is four unemployed people for each job that is  available.   And to the argument by some employers that, well, I just can't get  them to come back to work, it turns out that employers are filling jobs  faster now than at any time. There are people prepared to go back to  work. I happen to believe that many of these people see returning to  work as the right thing to do for them economically. Unemployment  cannot last forever; they know that. Secondly, it may not be meeting  their needs, as their family requires of them. Third, the job itself  may be something they had invested part of their life into and want to  continue. Fourth, there may be benefits in that workplace that aren't  available, even through the unemployment system available today. So I  reject the notion--this urban legend--that $600 a week is so much that  people are turning down the opportunity to go back to work. It is not  an urban legend; it is an urban lie.   Yale University just came out with a report from their economics  department this week. I put it into the Record yesterday. You can find  it, if you wish. It proves the point I just made. They looked at the  statistics. This is just not a viable complaint against the  unemployment system.   What Senator McConnell has led us to is this moment, where, when we  return next week, there will be no Federal unemployment benefit--none.  It will have expired. What do we say to these millions of family  members who are struggling at this moment? Try harder. Go take  anything. That is what the future is for you.   I don't believe that. I think we are a better nation than that.   Facing the worst public health crisis that we have seen in a century,  realizing what it has done to each and every one of our lives and  families, understanding how devastating it must be to lose a job in the  midst of this, that sometimes people for the first time aren't working,  realizing how desperate  [[Page S4615]]  these families are to keep things together, are we really going to walk  away from them? I think it is time for Senator McConnell to sit down  with the Democratic leaders. There is no alternative to this.   Steve Mnuchin, the wandering messenger on Capitol Hill, can do his  job--and I wish him well--but it is no replacement for grown-ups to sit  at the same table, to sit down and work out a compromise. We did on  March 26. We can do it again. We need to do it for these families.   I will tell you something else. When we get reports about the state  of the economy--and I have heard numbers back and forth--that on an  annualized basis it is contracting from 29 percent to 33 percent, that  is a big amount. It is one out of three businesses. A third of the  goods and services in this country--think about that--going away and  disappearing. We have already seen evidence of that.   What do you do to put life back into an economy? Don't take my word  for it. Listen to the Chairman of the Federal Reserve, Jerome Powell.  He said it again yesterday: We have to deal with this pandemic; that  means more testing.   The Republican proposal that is floating here and has not been  offered, is $26 billion more in testing. We are at $100 billion. I  think we need at least $100 billion. Why do we need it? So it is  generally available, easily available to every person and family in  America; so that it is affordable--and I hope that means free--and,  most importantly, so that it is timely.   To people who say, well, I took a test, I ask: How long did it take  to get the results on your COVID-19 test? They say: Oh, 6 days, 7 days.  That is not a timely test that you can use to make a plan. It is a  piece of medical data. It is a piece of history. If we are going to  hope to open this economy in a responsible way, to get to contact  tracing that really works, if we hope to open our schools so they are  safe for the kids and the teachers and the administrators and everyone  else, we need testing available, and we need a system of testing that  is timely.   We have failed in addressing this pandemic. Why do I say that? It  sounds like an outrageous political statement. Because the United  States has 5 percent of the population in the world and 25 percent of  the COVID infections. Twenty-five percent of the COVID infections in  the world are in this country and 5 percent of the population. Other  countries have handled this better. We know it. We should learn from  them.   This President has to get away from the medical quackery which he  spreads around on his Twitter account and in his speeches. He has to  stop looking at these medical gurus, which he discovers in the weird  corners of the internet, and peddling their goods for the rest of  America. He has to show some guts and wear a mask more often so people  understand that even Trump Republicans need to take into consideration  what they are doing to the people around them. That, to me, is the only  way to get out of this mess and do it quickly. Otherwise, we are going  to face this more.   We should have done better. By this time, we should have had an  alternative to what the House did 10 weeks ago. We do not. By next  week, we have to do it.   I will just say flat out that there is no point in considering going  home at the end of next week unless we have solved this problem. There  is no excuse.   I yield the floor    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from California (Ms. Harris), the Senator from  Massachusetts (Mr. Markey), the Senator from Montana (Mr. Tester), and  the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. Whitehouse) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker),  the Senator from California (Ms. Harris), the Senator from  Massachusetts (Mr. Markey), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Menendez),  the Senator from Arizona (Ms. Sinema), the Senator from Montana (Mr.  Tester), and the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. Whitehouse) are  necessarily absent.   