 Mr. President, I am honored to join Senator Duckworth  in supporting this proposal. It gives me great pride to serve in the  Senate with her. She is the living embodiment of the kind of sacrifice  that our President does not understand.   There are two things here, though, that are very wrong. One is a  President who thinks that the soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines  who have laid down their lives for this country are ``suckers'' and  ``losers'' and that it is OK to say that about them. It is beyond  disrespectful. It is beneath contempt, and it is totally in character  for this man. Those soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines can't  answer; they can't speak for themselves any longer. So when something  like that is said, it is very important that people in the highest  offices of the country stand up and push back.   In graves in France and Belgium and Manila and around the world lie  the mortal remains of men, boys, women who gave their lives and who  cannot speak for themselves. It is heartbreaking for me to see that we  cannot come together to agree on that in this body.   I can promise you that if President Obama or President Clinton had  said anything like this, the other side of this Chamber would have been  in pandemonium. It would have been a scene of hysteria. Senators would  have been lining up through the doors to come and condemn this foul and  hateful speech. We would have been hearing a lot about the last full  measure of devotion. Instead, we are seeing the last measure of  devolution of a great party into what now resembles, as much as  anything, a cult.   I will be interested to see what my colleagues have in mind as they  go through next year's Veterans Day and Memorial Day having been unable  to say one word against this calumny of our troops today. It is,  frankly, heartbreaking.   I traveled a lot with John McCain, and one of our trips took us to  the Philippines. I got up very early in the morning to go and have  basically a dawn visit to the Manila American Cemetery. The particular  reason I went there is to see a name on the wall of the memorial:  George Bruen Whitehouse. George was 21 when he was killed. He was  flying fighter planes as a Navy pilot off an aircraft carrier called  the USS Cowpens. His body was never recovered. His plane was shot down  and crashed into the wilderness, and that was the end of it, but his  name is still there, carved high up in the marble as a last memorial of  his sacrifice. A President who doesn't get that is a disgrace.   I yield the floor.   Particularly, I yield the floor to a colleague who is an American  combat veteran from the Vietnam war, to which my father dedicated 5  years of his life. It is a remarkable honor for me to be able to speak  in between Senator Duckworth and Senator Carper. I am cognizant of that  honor.   I yield the floor.   