 Madam Speaker, like many of my constituents, I have  followed the allegations circling around the Postal Service. These are  serious allegations. To get to the heart of the problem, I spoke  directly to Utah's postal leadership.   As I asked questions and waded through the rumors, I learned four  important facts:   First, it is clear that the Postal Service needs additional funding.  How much and under what circumstances is a worthy debate. But let me be  clear: the funding solution has no bearing on their ability to handle  the upcoming mail-in ballots. The United States Postal Service has  enough cash on hand to operate well into 2021.   Second, the increased demand of mail-in ballots does not stretch  their capacity. Mail-in ballots will increase the demand on the system  by a little over 1.5 percent. In the words of Utah's district director,  not even a bump in volume. The day I spoke with him Utah's mail  delivery system was 500,000 letters under capacity.   Third, the accusation that they are removing boxes and cutting  overtime to thwart mail-in ballots is just plain not true. Boxes have  always been moved to adjust to volume. To calm fears, the Postal  Service has put a 90-day moratorium on moving boxes.   Likewise, rumors that overtime is being cut so mail-in ballots will  be delayed is false. I confirmed this with Utah's district director. In  his words: Never in my career have we left mail undelivered because of  overtime.   Fourth, the concerns with mail-in balloting have everything to do  with the State's preparedness, not the Postal Service. States who have  allowed ballots to be requested just 4 days before election are  irresponsible and should be accountable for mail-in ballot problems,  not the United States Postal Service. Further, mail-in ballots take  longer to count and delays can be expected, but not because of the  Postal Service.   Madam Speaker, if you are not sure whom to believe, ask your mail  carrier. Ask them if there is anything less than 100 percent effort  given by them to deliver mail-in ballots and all mail, and then make  sure to thank them. I am so grateful for the many men and women who  work so hard to deliver our mail every day.   We need a strong and vibrant Postal Service, but this bill thrown  together in the middle of the night does not deliver.   