 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4712.  Understandably, our nation has focused on COVID, but the opioid  epidemic still ravishes across America. During this crisis overdose  rates have increased dramatically. In fact, in West Virginia more  people have died from drug abuse than from COVID.   We have a duty to our constituents to ensure that all possible  treatment options are available. MAT (Medication Assisted Treatment),  has been proven to be effective in treating opioid addiction. Yet, drug  companies are holding new treatments hostage through a  [[Page H5809]]  loophole in the Orphan Drug Act, which was created to encourage drug  companies to research treatments for rare diseases.   It was not intended to prevent competition. With millions of  Americans suffering from opioid addiction, it is vital we give them and  health care providers every option available. The Fairness in Orphan  Drug Exclusivity Act will help expand access for those suffering from  addiction by making innovative treatments available.   I urge my colleagues to support the passage of H.R. 4712.    Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3878. While  Congress has understandably been focused on the COVID-19 pandemic, the  opioid epidemic has not gone away. In fact, across the nation overdose  deaths are up 13 percent from this time last year.   In West Virginia, nearly twice as many people have died from drug  abuse than from COVID.   Last Congress, the Energy and Commerce Committee conducted an  investigation that found massive evidence of pill dumping. One example  in the report was that nearly 9 million pills were distributed in just  two years to a single pharmacy in West Virginia. Finally, two years  later we're passing legislation that would help address the problem.   I am proud to work with Mrs. Dingell on this nonpartisan bill. The  Block, Report, and Suspend Suspicious Shipments Act would require drug  wholesalers and manufacturers to report and stop unusually large  orders. We are hopeful this bill will be another positive step in  addressing America's opioid epidemic.   I urge my colleagues to support the passage of H.R. 3878.   