 I thank the Senator.   I got to meet this delightful lady in Thermopolis, WY, some 70 years  ago. I need to tell you a little bit about Thermopolis, WY, and how I  wound up there.   During the war, my dad was a welder on ships, and after the war, he  moved around the country doing different welding projects, one of which  took him to Thermopolis, WY. He welded on the dam there. Dams in the  West are used to control floods. They are big projects, and they have a  huge impact on communities. This particular one not only controlled  floods, but it turned into a great fishery.   My folks went to Thermopolis, WY, and they also built a trailer park.  It was the first modern trailer park in Thermopolis. By ``modern,'' I  mean there was a central building that had indoor showers and flush  toilets.   You need to understand a little bit about Wyoming. We are small. At  that time, there were two cities in Wyoming. To be a city, you had to  have more than 3,000 in population. As soon as you had 3,000 in  population, you could declare yourself a first-class city. In those  early days, Casper--the energy capital at that time--and Cheyenne--the  State capital at that time--exceeded 3,000.   What effect did that have on the communities? The Presbyterians, the  Methodists, and the Congregationalists got together and divided up the  towns that were small, realizing that they couldn't support all three  churches. There was one town that was so small that they actually got  together and formed a community church.   What is a community church? That is where these three denominations  worked together. At one time, there would be a Presbyterian minister  who was there, and 2 years later, there would be a Methodist minister  who was there and, 2 years later, a Congregational minister who was  there. That is where Jerry Brown was the Sunday school teacher, and  that is how I came to meet her.  [[Page S179]]    One of the big realizations, because of this community church thing  and the changing of the pastors every 2 years, is that I thought every  2 years the Lord's Prayer changed. She helped me to understand that  dilemma.   That is where I got to meet Mrs. Brown. She was a Sunday school  teacher, and I wound up in her Sunday school class. She taught the  kindergarten class. When we first started, she actually moved up a  couple of times with me as the classes got combined and as I got older.   At that very first one, for Bible school, we held it outdoors  underneath the pine tree--a huge pine tree. I can still remember  sitting there, enthralled with her descriptions as I held my New  Testament. Of course, since I was in kindergarten, I couldn't read, but  she filled in for that and gave me a great background.   Later, of course, I ran into a book by Robert Fulghum titled, ``All I  Really Need To Know I Learned in Kindergarten.'' For me, it was  kindergarten Sunday school. And my teacher, of course--well, she was my  first Sunday school teacher and my last living Sunday school teacher.   Some of the things she taught were to share everything; play fair;  don't hit people; put things back where you found them; clean up your  own mess; don't take things that aren't yours; say you are sorry if you  hurt someone; and be aware of wonder. And ``wonder'' is, if you put  some seeds--and we did this--in a paper cup with dirt and you water it,  the plant goes up, and the roots go down. Some people would say nobody  knows why or how, but Mrs. Brown said: That is not true. God has a  plan. He knows you. He watches out for you. If you see things going  wrong, check your direction because it might not be where God wants  you.   All of this was a good basis for my life. I have always appreciated  seeing her through the years, particularly when we have visited that  church again, which is still a community church, although most of the  towns have split those up into more than one denomination. But I have  to say that if the criteria is 3,000 people, by the time the town gets  to a first-class city size, the one church is so well established that  it is hard for another one to actually get established in a small  community like that.   As long as there are wonderful people like Mrs. Brown teaching  kindergarten, first grade, second grade, and other kids in small  communities, this country will be a great place.   I thank her for all the background she gave me and ask for your  prayers for her family.   I thank the Senator.   