 Madam Speaker, as a proud New Mexican, I rise in support  of the Land Grant-Mercedes Traditional Use Recognition and Consultation  Act that I introduced to ensure that the Federal Government recognizes  the historical and cultural significance of New Mexico's land grants  and acequias.   Growing up on a small farm in Nambe, New Mexico, I would wake up  before dawn to feed the livestock, to open the ``compuertas'' or the  headgates to allow the waters of the acequia to flow to our land and  irrigate our crops. These chores and responsibilities, preserving our  acequias and communal lands, are part of our way of life in New Mexico.   Land grants and acequias have been around for generations, hundreds  of  [[Page H6126]]  years, and they deserve recognition from the Federal Government.  Traditional communities face a growing number of challenges, such as  the climate crisis, which impacts the local watersheds and forested  areas. Without improved consultation and cooperation between the  Federal Government and traditional communities, these communities may  not have access to the resources they need to survive.   This legislation offers land grants the opportunity to be more  involved in the issues that impact their community by requiring that  future Federal land management planning consider historical and  traditional uses.   It directs the Federal Government to issue guidance on permit  requirements for qualified traditional use communities and helps New  Mexicans who have stewarded these lands for generations maintain  precious infrastructure like acequias.   This legislation recognizes the importance of protecting culturally  important sites and communities and ensures that the impact of Federal  actions on historical-traditional uses is evaluated and considered  during the land management planning processes.   To ensure that acequia associations have a strong voice in advocating  for their right to maintain their infrastructure, this legislation  requires the Forest Service to work directly with acequia associations  to develop a proposed rule on special use permits.   Addressing these challenges faced by land grant and acequia  communities, including their interactions with the Federal Government,  has been a priority of mine since I was elected to Congress.   I am proud and honored to have worked with the New Mexico Land Grant  Council and the New Mexico Acequia Association to move this legislation  forward.   I am grateful to Chairman Grijalva, Ranking Member Bishop,  Subcommittee Chair Haaland, and Ranking Member Young, and  Representative Case for their support in bringing this important  legislation to the House floor.   Today, with the support of New Mexico's traditional communities, I  urge the House to pass my legislation and ensure a victory for our land  grants and acequias.   