 Madam President, reserving the right to object, I just  found out about this bill a couple of hours ago. I have been busy. I  haven't really been able to really research it, and that is part of the  problem with what our Democratic colleagues are trying to do here in  just quickly rushing it through the U.S. Senate. Maybe this has had a  full vetting in the House of Representatives, but here, in the U.S.  Senate, it hasn't gone through any committee process whatsoever.   Unfortunately, I also have to make the point--because I am sure they  are trying to make a political point as opposed to trying to make law  today--that I am opposed to all forms of domestic terrorism, including  White supremacists. I think I speak for all of my Republican  colleagues, and I think I speak for every U.S. Senator: We all abhor  domestic violence and terror, including White supremacists.   Again, I don't have much knowledge about this even though I am  chairman of the committee of jurisdiction of one of the Departments  that would be subject to this piece of legislation. I know that the  Department was not consulted on this piece of legislation. I have been  given notice here that the Department of Justice does not support this  piece of legislation because it says it would seriously impede its  ability to work in the domestic terrorism space. Again, I am not  exactly sure why the Department of Justice does not like this piece of  legislation. Suffice it to say that it doesn't. The Department of  Homeland Security was not even consulted on this. As chairman of the  Homeland Security Committee, I don't know anything about this bill.   This is not the way to pass a serious piece of legislation that deals  with a serious issue. If it is a good piece of legislation, the  sponsors should have no problem running it through the normal committee  of jurisdiction process. In this case, apparently, it is with the  Judiciary Committee, but I would think my committee would also have  some pretty strong equities in this space, not to mention the fact that  I have been working with my ranking member on precisely these types of  issues.   Instead of just trying to make a political point, what I have always  tried to do is get a result and make law, but that has to go through a  thoughtful process that uses the full committee process, which is not  the case here.   So I object.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  mandatory quorum call be waived.   