 Madam President, I rise today in support of the Great  American Outdoors Act. After yesterday's vote, where we voted to move  to debate this bill at an 80-17 margin, it felt good.   It felt good because some of us have been fighting this fight to  fully fund the Land and Water Conservation Fund, in particular, for  more than a decade.   It is a program that Senator Udall explained yesterday that has  worked out so very, very well since his dad introduced it back in the  sixties.   But the Great American Outdoors Act does more than just permanently  fund the Land and Water Conservation Fund, which is a huge  accomplishment in and of itself. It also puts money into our Park  Service and areas around our parks that are so important for this  country. Really, the park system is one of the jewels of this Nation.   President Teddy Roosevelt was truly a visionary. At a time when there  were plenty of wild places in this great Nation, he had the good sense  to preserve some of them for future generations because he knew they  would not be around forever.   Quite frankly, the National Park System encompasses 419 parks, more  than 84 million acres, including two crown jewels in Montana-- Yellowstone and Glacier National Park. These are places where Americans  come together and experience the scale of America's natural beauty.   However, I will tell you, in recent years we--the Congress--have not  lived up to President Roosevelt's legacy, and our parks have been left  to fall in disrepair. Even as we have seen record numbers of visitors  each year, the U.S. Congress has failed to make parks a priority and  even make investments in them.   So the Great American Outdoors Act will go a long way to correcting  Congress's neglect. In fact, it invests $9.5 billion in deferred  maintenance on public lands across our country. Those are not only our  national parks, but the areas around our national parks, preserving the  legacy of America's great outdoors for generations to come.   While this is very, very important--this investment in our national  park system, the first part of this legislation--we also need to know  that we have places in this country, ecosystems in this country that  will not be around for future generations if we don't preserve them  today, and that is where the Land and Water Conservation Fund comes in.   The LWCF is the most important conservation tool we have at the  Federal level. Nothing else comes close to it. It was founded five  decades ago, and Montanans have used about $540 million of this fund to  increase outdoor opportunities on our public lands around our State.   We have used it to preserve tens of thousands of acres of world class  elk habitat in central Montana. It has been an essential driver of  Montana's growing $7-billion-a-year outdoor recreation economy. And it  has established city parks and open spaces in our more urban  communities in Montana.   The best of it all is it doesn't cost the taxpayers a dime because  the Land and Water Conservation Fund, as it was set up, was to take  money from offshore oil and gas revenue. Well, that hasn't worked out  so well, so today we are just saying that it is going to be funded, and  it is going to be funded permanently into the future.   The LWCF is a no-brainer. It has overwhelming benefits for States in  which investments are made for pennies on the dollar. We are receiving  jobs, and we are receiving quality of life. We are receiving the  ability to go out and hunt and fish and hike on our public lands.   Unlike any other country in the world, we have these areas where you  don't have to be a millionaire to be able to go out and enjoy the  outdoors. But these victories did not happen magically overnight. The  fact is, we worked long and hard with local conservation groups and  public land enthusiasts around the country to build support where it  never existed before, and our years of work finally broke the dam  earlier this year when President Trump and Senator McConnell reversed  their opposition to this legislation because of overwhelming bipartisan  momentum that we had built on the ground. I welcome their change of  heart, and I know it didn't come easy.   There are so many Montanans and folks around the country I want to  thank for putting in the work and bringing my colleagues from darkness  to light. Your work has inspired me and inspires future generations  that are going to benefit from your selfless efforts.   I was at home last night, and I got a text message from one of those  folks that said: Thank you. Thank you for  [[Page S2779]]  your hard work for the last 13 years on LWCF. I sent him back a text  that said: I don't deserve the thank you. You do because, quite  frankly, there have been folks that have been working on this much  longer than I.   But now, since the vote yesterday, the clock is ticking. Every day we  are losing ecosystems in this country, and because of our tardiness in  not fully funding the Land and Water Conservation Fund, we have lost  plenty of those ecosystems over the last 10 years, and we will lose  even more if we don't get this funding.   The future of our Nation's wild places hang in the balance, and we  have something to do about it this week. We can fix it. So I would urge  my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote yes on the Great  American Outdoors Act so that we can preserve our public lands for  future generations, for our kids and our grandkids, just as that  visionary President Teddy Roosevelt did for us   I yield the floor.   