 Madam President, reserving the right to object, let me say  that we just got this bill assigned to the Rules Committee. The bill  would have the effect of abandoning agreements we have entered into  with the States and the States have entered into with us.   I would certainly like to have some time to decide if we should have  a hearing on this. I would like to get the opinion of people who are  taking similar statues out of the building. I would also like to find  out what other States have in mind as their part of the agreement.   The Democratic leader just said that States and localities are  removing these statues. Each of these States would have the right to  remove this statue, and some are.   This is an agreement with the States. It goes back to 1864. By 1933,  Statuary Hall was full, and Congress, again, authorized this program by  saying that  [[Page S3086]]  these statues could be placed in the Capitol. It took until about 2000  until there were 100 statues from the States. States are limited to two  from each State. With 50 States, there were 100 statues by 2000.   At that point, the Congress passed another law providing a way that  the States, for the first time, could take a statue out. Even in 2000,  there was no suggestion then or before then that Congress would decide  whether the statue that the State wanted to put in could be put into  the building.   As a matter of fact, the Presiding Officer's State, Nebraska, just  recently replaced Williams Jennings Bryan with Chief Standing Bear  under the provisions made to do that.   Congress has been very prescriptive on how this happens. The State  would have to pass legislation; the Governor would have to sign it to  put a statue in the building; and Congress would determine only if the  statue met the requirements that the other statues had been held to.  Until now, that has been the congressional part of this agreement with  the States to take a statue out of the collection and replace it with  another one. My State, Missouri, is replacing Thomas Hart Benton with  Harry Truman. The legislature had to agree what statue would go out,  what statue would come in, and Congress would then accept that statue  if it met the standards.   Again, we can do away with that program. We could do a lot of things.  But we have entered into that agreement.   The forts, as an example--and, again, the minority leader mentioned  the forts. The forts are named totally by the Congress. I expressed my  belief this week and last week that it would be absolutely appropriate,  in my view, to review the names that the forts have been named after,  including the forts that are named after Confederate military leaders,  and change those names. We can do that all on our own. We haven't told  North Carolina that a fort has to be named after General Bragg. We  haven't told Texas that a fort has to be named after Confederate  General Hood. We can change those.   I am very open to looking at that and likely doing that. I just  think, for my friend from New Jersey, that this is a more complicated  arrangement than activity on the floor today would suggest.   I would also point out that in 2000, since Congress said that you can  replace statues with another statue--you have to take a statue out to  put a statue in, but you can replace statues, eight of those statues  have already been replaced, and eight more are in the process of being  replaced. I think four or five of the statues that have been replaced  or would be replaced were in the standard of the Confederate statues.   I am encouraged that States are looking at their history, and they  are looking at who has come since they put those statues in. Arkansas  replaced Uriah Milton Rose, a Confederate statue, with Daisy Gatson  Bates, a civil rights leader. Florida replaced Edmund Kirby-Smith with  Mary McLeod Bethune, an educator, a Presidential adviser, and civil  rights leader. Arkansas is in the process of replacing one of these  statues.   I think that today's action would violate our agreement with the  States. I frankly thank my friend from New Jersey for encouraging the  Governors, encouraging the speakers of the house to do what they have  every right--and the Congress, in fact, in 2000, gave them the right-- to do.   The minority leader was the chairman of the committee that determines  all of this just a handful of years ago and took no actions to do what  the Senate is talking about doing today.   So with that in mind, I object    If I could have the chance to respond here----    This bill was just assigned to our committee. This is a  discussion that, I guess appropriately, we might have had before I was  asked to come to the floor to assert the rights of the committee, to  have the opportunity to think about that. I don't know that I want to  negotiate that right here. But as I said, and my friend heard just a  moment ago, I would like to hear from the States that are replacing  statues and I would like to hear from the States that are thinking  about replacing statues if this is a problem in the process of, under  the current structure, solving itself.   I am glad to have continued discussions about this. I certainly don't  impugn my friend's motives. You know, you can question somebody's  decision to maybe bring a bill this quickly to the floor without giving  us a chance to talk about it, but I have no interest, then, in  impugning my friend's motives and understand some of the concerns my  friend would have on this topic.    Mr. President, over the weekend we celebrated Flag Day,  when we honor our country's flag as a symbol of unity. It is also a  symbol of all of the struggles we have gone through as a nation and the  struggles ahead of us.   Harry Truman, whose desk--one of his desks used on the Senate floor-- is right here in front of me, once said that Flag Day is also a chance  for us to consider what we want the flag to stand for. So I think it is  appropriate that we are considering the best way to make sure that the  flag stands for all we want it to stand for--and for all of us.   Senator Tim Scott has introduced the JUSTICE Act, which would bring  us closer to that idea. I was glad to be a cosponsor of the bill. I  think this bill has the potential to make a real difference in how we  deal with the important and difficult issue of police reform and making  sure that our communities are both safe and secure.   You know, you can be safe in the sense that you are not in danger,  but people also need to feel secure, meaning they have confidence that  they will remain safe and that they will be treated fairly while they  are safe.   We need to be sure that all of the people of our country believe that  justice can be blind and that it can be dispensed without fear or  favor.   Policing, by its very nature, is mostly a local function. There are  around 18,000 police departments across the country. Most of the  reforms can be made at the local level or the State level.   There are different ways that police systems are structured around  the country. There are different levels of law enforcement and how they  relate to each other, and I don't think we are going to do anything  effectively in the Congress to impact that, but I think there are some  things we can do both in Congress and the administration. I think  Senator Scott has done a really good job finding what many of those  things are and how to make them happen with bipartisan support.   There is a lot in this bill that simply increases transparency and  accountability: more reporting so that the Justice Department has an  idea of areas where problems seem to arise more frequently and maybe  shouldn't; an area of reporting so that a troublesome officer has all  of those troubles reported if they have had problems with issues of  fairness or constitutional protection; and if that officer is applying  at another law enforcement agency, that information should be readily  available.   There are two important ways to give people a sense of security. We  do that by recognizing that the majority of police in this country are  only not a problem, but they do an incredibly hard job, and they do it  in an incredible way. It is a job that we have to have. It has to be  conscientiously, professionally, and courageously done, and law  enforcement officers all over America do it. They get up and do a hard  job every day. They run to danger when others run away. It is a hard  job.   Frankly, I think the hardest job in America might be the spouse of a  law enforcement officer. Law enforcement officers generally have a  sense--there are occasions when this isn't the case--but generally have  a sense of whether they are in imminent danger or not. The person who  cares about them, the person who loves them, wonders all day: What, at  this exact moment, is that individual facing, and are they safe?   The problem in policing is there are very few officers and maybe even  fewer numbers of police departments where there is a systemic problem.  I think if there is a systemic problem in a department, it is hard for  that department to solve that problem. Some of Senator Scott's  legislation helps create the tools they might need to get that done or  the tools that we might need, as outside helpers, to say: Here is a  department that somebody needs to look at.   His legislation can assure us that for the small group of people in  law enforcement who aren't conducting themselves in the way that  everybody else in law enforcement does, there is transparency and there  is reporting. Things can't be just swept under the rug, and an officer  can't go from one department to another without the new department  knowing exactly what they are getting.   This legislation sets up more funding to make sure that body cameras  are widely available and have to be used if you have them. I think  there has been plenty of evidence since 2014, when we had the beginning  of the modern body-camera movement, that if you have those cameras on  your body and you  [[Page S3095]]  have them turned on, the escalation of violence, for whatever reason,  happens much less frequently. The police officer knows that camera is  on, and the person they are dealing with knows that camera is on, and  it seems to make a difference.   Reporting when there are deaths or serious injuries due to the use of  force--and those are investigated, I believe, in every department in  America, but there is no reason they shouldn't also be reported to see  if there is a pattern that involves either an individual or a pattern  that involves a department that needs to be looked at.   Sharing records, as I said before, is critically important so that  one bad officer doesn't get passed from one department to another.   There are things in the realm of training where this legislation  helps officers get training on tactics to deescalate a situation when  it gets out of control. Officers want this kind of training. Officers  want the kind of training that makes it easier for them to understand  that if they are in a situation where mental health is the problem or  opioid addiction is the problem or drug addiction is the problem, are  they dealing with a real criminal here or are they dealing with  somebody who has gotten themselves in a situation in which they need to  figure out how to get them in a different and better place   While we need to move quickly to take up this legislation, I think  there are some areas where the administration can act and is acting,  based on announcements that were made this week and things that weren't  announced this week.   I talked to Attorney General Barr a couple of weeks ago as these  incidents began to become more clear in the sense of problems that  could be within entire police departments and encouraged him to restore  more of the pattern and practice reviews that were part of what the  Justice Department used for about a decade. They were in place until  November of 2018. I think they need to be back in place.   We know from past usage that they don't have to be used on any  situation or every situation, but they can be used. We have seen them  used in my State in Ferguson, MO, in surrounding St. Louis County,  which had a much bigger department and asked for a voluntary review,  and the city of St. Louis, which has a big police department but not as  big as St. Louis County in 2014 and 2017. Whether that review was  voluntary or even if it involved a consent decree, I think that the  case can be made that things happened in those three departments that  might not have happened otherwise.   The Attorney General and I both agreed that if you don't have a tool  in the toolbox, you can't use it. It is important to see what you need  to do to put every tool in the toolbox, even if it is a tool that you  have previously taken out and said: Well, maybe we don't need that any  longer. If you don't need it, you don't have to use it. But you are  certainly not going to be able to use it if you don't have it.   President Trump took some additional steps that I was supportive of  and talked about earlier this week when the Presiding Officer and I  were at our leadership stakeout: officers with better tools to deal  with mental health, homelessness, addiction issues.   Missouri is one of the eight Excellence in Mental Health States. This  is legislation--bipartisan legislation--that I have worked on for  several years with Senator Stabenow from Michigan. It allows law  enforcement to connect people with the help they need and wind up  having them someplace more appropriate than either jail or court.   In fact, the Department of Health and Human Services, in monitoring  this program, says that it has led to a 60-percent decrease in jail  time. Part of that is, a lot of people don't wind up going to jail  because it makes it more possible for people in many of the departments  in my State and in others to have a constant contact with that mental  health professional. Maybe it is on the iPad that they are carrying  with them, where they can get that 24/7 connection with a healthcare  professional. It certainly benefits from the training that many  Missouri officers have had now in crisis intervention.   In Kansas City, in St. Louis County, in St. Louis city, in  Springfield, I have ridden with officers and talked to officers and  watched how this happens, and that builds confidence. Senator Scott's  bill builds the same kind of confidence.   I have heard some of our friends on the other side say: Well, I am  for 80 percent of what is in that bill. No, they don't even say that.  They say: I am for 80 percent of the bill. Now, what is the difference?  Being for 80 percent of the bill means that there are things in it you  don't want, but they also say more frequently: No, that bill has 80  percent of what I want in it already.   Well, let me remind our friends how you make a law. Under the  Constitution, the House passes a bill, and maybe you like that better.  The Senate passes a bill, and maybe the Senate has 80 percent of what  you would like to see in the final bill in Senate bill, and then you go  to conference. It was taught in every civic school book that every  Member of the Senate studied, and we don't do it much anymore.   You can't get to conference unless there is a Senate product. No  matter how much you love the House bill if you are a Member of the  Senate, you don't get to weigh in on the House bill unless you have a  Senate bill that allows you to go to that conference.   This would be the perfect time when Members of the Senate say--and  you and I should be listening carefully over the next few days when  they say ``80 percent of what I want is in that bill or 85 percent of  what I want is in that bill,'' particularly, if they--usually, they are  not saying ``There is nothing in the bill I don't want; it just doesn't  have everything I do want.'' Well, if 80 percent of what you want is in  the bill and the House passes another bill that you like better, maybe  you come out of that conference with 90 percent of what you want. If a  solution that gets you 90 percent of what you want or 80 percent of  what you want is the alternative to zero percent of what you want, if  you want to be a legislator, you have to figure out that that is a  better path for you to take than the zero-percent path.   It would be tragic next week if the result of the House deliberation  and, this month, if the result of the Senate deliberation is that there  is no further discussion because everybody has decided that if it  wasn't everything they wanted, they didn't want to have the process  that we used to call--and the Constitution calls and civic books call-- the legislative process.   These are not the first struggles we have faced together as a nation.  We have come a long way. We still have a long way to go.   Remember, the Constitution doesn't even promise a perfect Union. It  promises a more perfect Union. You get to a more perfect Union one step  at a time, not all at once. My guess is, we will always be on the  journey toward a more perfect Union.   Senator Scott has given us an opportunity to take some of the  important steps on that journey and make the Union more perfect than it  is right now.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be  in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak  therein for up to 10 minutes each.   