 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, first of  all, let me say to my dear friend from New Jersey, I fully agree with  the five nominees he has put in front of the Senate. Indeed, we had  good confirmation hearings on all five of those, and none of these  five--other than the one I am going to the talk about in a second--are  political appointments. These are career people who have had long and  distinguished service with the Secretary of State, and they are all  very legitimate appointees to the places they are appointed to, which I  am going to reiterate here in just a minute.   In any event, one was left off the list. I know Senator Booker had  some issues with that, but I think, in the spirit of cooperation and in  the spirit of bipartisanship, he offers five, and I will offer a  compromise of one more. I think that is absolutely fair--five for one.   But I object, and indeed I would ask unanimous consent that we do as  suggested by Senator Booker, and that is discharge from the committee  and approve the following six nominations: PN1938, Mr. Kevin  Blackstone, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be Ambassador to the  Democratic Republic of Timor-Leste; PN2024, Ms. Cynthia Kierscht, Class  of Counselor, to be Ambassador to the Islamic Republic of Mauritania;  PN2101, Mr. Brian D. McFeeters, Class of Minister-Counselor, to be  Ambassador to Malaysia; PN2025, the Honorable Geeta Pasi, Class of  Career Minister, to be Ambassador to the Federal Democratic Republic of  Ethiopia; PN2030, the Honorable David Reimer, Class of Counselor, to be  Ambassador to the Republic of Sierra Leone; and finally, William E.  Todd, PN1598, to be Ambassador to the Islamic Republic of Pakistan.   As I said, none of these are political. They have all had long and  distinguished careers with the State Department. They all have great  backgrounds to be Ambassadors, and I appreciate Senator Booker helping  me move all six of these forward.   With that, I ask unanimous consent that all six of those be  discharged and be considered and passed.    I would like to amend.    I object.    Mr. President, I thank Senator Booker for his kind words  about the committee. I want to commit that we will continue to work in  a  [[Page S7913]]  bipartisan fashion. On the other hand, we have a disagreement here  regarding this particular person. He is a well-qualified career State  Department nominee. He has been nominated, of course, to be Ambassador  of Pakistan. Ambassador Todd is a career member of senior executive  service. He is well qualified to serve as the Ambassador. He is  currently serving as the Deputy Under Secretary of State for  Management. He has a wealth of experience, having previously served as  Ambassador twice, to Cambodia and Brunei.   His qualifications notwithstanding, now is really not the time to  leave the ambassadorship and the mission in Islamabad vacant.   The others we have are also good. I don't think that it is unfair to  ask that we have a trade of five for one.   In any event, we respectfully disagree at this point. I have no  doubt, as we move forward, we will have other things we do agree on,  but at this time, I am going to continue to object to the five.   