 Mr. President, last night in California, an American was  diagnosed with the first reported case of coronavirus unrelated to any  travel to an infected area--a sign that coronavirus is here on our  shores and we must act swiftly and strongly to contain its spread.   Despite months of public warnings about the danger of this disease,  the President was caught completely flat-footed by the coronavirus. And  now, instead of quickly marshaling the resources of the Federal  Government to respond to this health crisis, President Trump is intent  on blaming everyone and everything instead of solving the problem.  Instead of stepping up to the plate, he is belittling the urgency of  this problem and telling people: Oh, it's not very much. The experts  say the opposite.   As for blame, the President is blaming the press for stoking concern  about the virus; the President is blaming social media for magnifying  those legitimate concerns; and the President, typically, is blaming  Democrats too.   But who fired the global health security team at the National  Security Council and Department of Homeland Security and decided not to  replace them? It wasn't the press. It wasn't the Democrats. It was  President Trump.   Who cut $35 million from the infectious disease rapid response fund?  President Trump.   Who cut $85 million from the emerging infectious disease account?  President Trump.   Who cut $120 million from public health preparedness and response  programs? President Trump.   And who just proposed cutting 16 percent of CDC's budget--the agency  in charge of fighting these kinds of viruses? Not the Democrats, not  the press--President Trump did that.   Of course Democrats want to work quickly with the President to get a  handle on this problem. Lives are at stake, but the President cannot  belittle the danger. It is real; it is looming; it is serious.   To hear the President last night, when most of his speech was not a  sober speech calling America to unite and fight this virus--it was  mainly name-calling, politics, blaming, and, in fact, belittling the  problem and the danger.   The President must stop trying to minimize the nature of the  coronavirus threat. His attempts at spinning the facts are just not  credible, and they are harmful to the Federal response.   In order to prevent overreaction by the public, it is essential that  the Federal officials--especially the President and Vice President-- level with the American people. Telling the American people the truth  and then coming up with solutions to solve it is the way to calm people  down--not simply saying ``Oh, don't worry about it'' and then spending  time blaming others. That is not going to calm people down; that is  going to make them more worried.   So let's let the science and the facts guide us. The American people  do not need or want uninformed opinions or spin from its leaders. They  want the truth.   Now, the first step the Congress must take is to ensure that the  government has the resources to combat this deadly virus and keep  Americans safe. I have made a request for $8.5 billion for this  purpose--far more than the administration's request of $2.5 billion,  only half of which is new funding. The rest of the President's proposed  funding is stolen from other accounts.   Any emergency funding supplemental the Congress approves must be  entirely new funding, not stolen from other accounts, and include, at  minimum, strong provisions that ensure, one, that the President cannot  transfer these new funds to anything other than coronavirus and  American and global preparedness to combat epidemics and infectious  diseases; two, vaccines that are affordable and available to all who  need them, not just to those who have a good deal of money; three,  interest-free loans be made available for small businesses impacted by  the outbreak; and four, State and local governments be reimbursed for  costs incurred while assisting the Federal response to the corona  outbreak.   Democrats in both Chambers will work closely with Republicans to pass  a supplemental appropriations package with these criteria in mind. But  in the meantime, President Trump must get his act together: Stop  blaming, stop belittling, roll up your sleeves, unite America, and  start proposing real solutions.   After months of dithering, after towering and dangerous incompetence,  it is time for President Trump to roll up his sleeves and do the right  thing.    I announce that the Senator from Maryland (Mr. Cardin),  the Senator from Illinois (Mr. Durbin), the Senator from New Mexico  (Mr. Heinrich), the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. Klobuchar), the Senator  from Massachusetts (Mr. Markey), the Senator from Vermont (Mr.  Sanders), the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. Schatz), and the Senator from  Massachusetts (Ms. Warren) are necessarily absent.   