 Mr. President, I am here today to talk about the death of  democracy, and I am here today to talk about how we can stand with  those who are fighting to preserve it.   In the United States, the death of democracy might seem like a  distant and unfamiliar thing. We study examples in the history books.  We read of nations and peoples who are forced, through no choice of  their own, to surrender their basic liberties. We remind ourselves of  the need always to stay vigilant, to stay aware, but we are seeing  today the death of democracy unfold in realtime, right before our eyes,  in the city of Hong Kong.   A diverse and global city, rich in culture and arts and commerce and  people, Hong Kong is an outpost of liberty. For decades, under a  special set of laws and protections, it has stood as a haven of  liberty--a beacon, a light--but I fear that light is fast dimming,  nearly overcome by darkness and by tyranny.   This body, along with all free peoples, has a special responsibility  to take a stand for the freedom-loving people of Hong Kong. We must  take a stand to ensure that the light of Hong Kong does not go out  forever. We must take a stand to ensure that this outpost of liberty  lives on. We must take  [[Page S3048]]  a stand so that the flame of freedom is not extinguished forever by the  Chinese Communist Party.   On May 28, Beijing announced that it would adopt legislation that  will essentially jettison the basic law under which Hong Kong has been  governed for decades. It is legislation that will trample upon  Beijing's own treaty commitments in the 1984 Sino-British Treaty,  legislation--they call it legislation, but, of course, what it really  is is just fiat, fiat by the Chinese Communist Party in Beijing--that  will strip Hong Kong of its basic liberties, strip Hongkongers of the  right to freedom of speech, strip Hongkongers of the right to  peacefully assemble, strip Hongkongers of their rights to redress in  fair and open courts with some process of law.   Beijing wants to deny the people of Hong Kong all of these things  because liberty is a threat to the authoritarian Communist regime in  Beijing. Oh, it fears that more than anything else. It fears the  people. It fears the will of the people, and it fears the liberty of  the people. It is trying to destroy the last outpost of liberty in its  nation--the great city of Hong Kong.   Now, we were promised that it would not come to this. We were told,  when China joined the World Trade Organization, when China was given  permanent normal trade relations, when China was ushered into this so- called community of nations, that it would liberalize China and that it  would make the Chinese Communist Party more moderate. Well, I think we  know how that has turned out.   After decades now of stealing our jobs, decades of ripping us off in  trade, decades of impoverishing our own workers here in this country  while stealing our intellectual property, decades of building its  military on the backs of our middle class and our working people, now  Beijing wants to dominate its region, snuff out Hong Kong, and then  turn to the rest of the world.    We have to send a clear message that we will not stand idly by. We  will not allow Beijing to erase the history of its misdeeds. We will  not allow it to erase the history of Tiananmen. We will not allow it to  erase the history of the concentration camps it is running at this very  moment, and we will not stand by while it destroys the liberties and  the rights of the people of Hong Kong.   It is time now for this body to stand and send a clear message that  will call the other free nations to stand in support of the values we  hold dear, in support of all that this country stands for, in support  of the liberty of the people of Hong Kong.   I yield to my colleague Senator Blackburn of Tennessee.    Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Tennessee for her  tremendous work on this issue. I thank her for her leadership and for  her strong stance in favor of the people of Hong Kong and their basic  liberties, guaranteed to them by the international treaty commitments  that Beijing has ascribed to, that Beijing has signed up for, and that  it now seeks to violate with impunity.   Let's be clear about what Beijing wants. It says that Hong Kong is  its plaything to do with as it chooses. That is not the case. Beijing  has undertaken internationally binding commitments, agreements, by  which it has agreed to protect and honor the basic liberties of the  people of Hong Kong, and it is those commitments that it is seeking to  violate today with impunity. It is those commitments Beijing is seeking  to wriggle out of just as it has, time and again, violated its  agreements with this country, just as it has, time and again, cheated  on its obligations to Americans.   That is another reason I am calling on the Senate today to pass a  resolution that makes it our position that China has gone too far. We  must go on record and tell the world that this new national security  law--this fiat that has been issued by Beijing--is a violation of what  Beijing has committed to. It is a violation of the fundamental  liberties of the people of Hong Kong, and nothing less than freedom is  at stake.   My resolution also calls on this administration to use every  diplomatic means available to stay Beijing's hand. The President has  already begun the process of downgrading Hong Kong's special trade  status. We must build on that effort now by rallying nations--the free  nations of the world--to pressure China to back down from their attempt  to strip away the basic liberties of the people of Hong Kong because,  in the end, Hong Kong's struggle is the struggle of all free people.    Do you know what I said when I had the chance to visit the city, see  the protests, and be out on the streets myself last fall? That  sometimes the fate of one city defines the struggle of a generation. In  the 1960s, that city was Berlin. Today, that city is Hong Kong, and it  is time for this body to take a stand.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, as if in legislative session, I now ask  unanimous consent that the Committee on Foreign Relations be discharged  from further consideration and the Senate now proceed to S. Res. 596. I  further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the  preamble be agreed to, and that the motions to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.    I do.   Is there objection to the request as modified?   