 Mr. Speaker, I reserve a point of order  against the motion to recommit.    Mr. Speaker, I withdraw my reservation of my  point of order.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the  motion to recommit.    Mr. Speaker, legislatively, this is a  terrible idea, to introduce a 13-page sanctions bill at the last  possible second and expect us to vote on it without knowing the true  impacts of it.   I absolutely agree that we should have tools to hold the Chinese, the  Russians, anyone accountable who does any of the things that the  gentleman said. Within current law, there are a ton of tools to do  precisely that. Putting in law brand-new sanctions legislation without  thinking about it is a bad idea.    And if this was so crucial and so important, why are we seeing it  just at this last second?   There was somewhere in the neighborhood of 2,000 ideas submitted to  be added to the defense bill all along the process. We would have had  time to work on it and think about it and actually craft a decent piece  of legislation. This clearly does not have that objective in mind or  they would have introduced it a long time ago. This is a bad way to  make law.   Mr. Speaker, I urge us to vote ``no'' and not to jeopardize all the  incredible work that Members on both sides of the aisle did in this  bill. There are a ton of Members, Republicans and Democrats alike;  those 2,000 provisions are roughly equal between Republicans and  Democrats. We have an incredibly bipartisan piece of legislation before  us in which individual Members decided something is important, worked  the issue, and got us a product that we could support.   Mr. Speaker, this puts us in the very risky position of passing  really bad legislation at the last second for no good reason, and I  would urge Members to vote ``no.''   Now, let me be clear. We absolutely need to hold accountable Russia,  China, whoever wants to interfere with our process of developing a  vaccine or cyber hack us in any other way, and there are an enormous  number of tools to do so.   I do want to point out and just simply make an urgent plea.   One of the gentleman's arguments was that China hid the true risk of  the virus from the American people, and, yes, that is terrible that  China did that. It is not actually their job to warn the American  people. It is the President's job to warn the American people. And talk  about someone who has done a horrible job of warning us of the true  dangers of the virus.   It was just, I think, last week, maybe a week and a half ago, when  the President said 99 percent of the cases will be completely harmless.  That is wrong.   The President said again, just a couple days ago, it is just going to  magically disappear. He cannot even bring himself to tell us to wear a  mask.   Some people don't like mandates. Okay. That is fine. Let's have the  leader of our country tell us what we ought to do to protect ourselves.   He is the one who is not warning the American people of the true  danger of this virus, because, sadly, we would kind of listen to him.  We are not going to listen to the Chinese. We don't trust them, for all  the reasons they said.   So, Mr. Speaker, I would implore Members on the other side of the  aisle, ask our President to do what they are now asking the Chinese to  do. The least that he ought to do for the American people is to warn us  of the danger we face.   This is incredibly frustrating. I want my kids back in school. I want  my constituents back to work. If we took the virus seriously, if we did  the work necessary to contain it, we could do it.   The President wants to stand up and say: Meh. It is not a problem.  Nothing to worry about it. It is all good.   We are paying an enormous price for that.  [[Page H3606]]    So, yes, let's hold Russia and China accountable. Let's also hold our  President and the executive branch accountable for the spectacular  failure in leadership that we are living and, yes, dying with today in  this country.   Let's also oppose this motion to recommit as bad legislation that  isn't going to make any difference whatsoever, and let's pass the  defense bill. This is an excellent piece of legislation, a bipartisan  piece of legislation that we have all worked on and produced an  excellent product.   Mr. Speaker, I ask Members to please vote ``yes.'' Please pass this  bill, keep the legislative process going forward.   And don't forget, what we are doing here is providing for the  national security, providing for the Department of Defense, providing  for the men and women whom we are asking to put their lives on the line  for the defense of this country, giving them the support they need and  they deserve.   Mr. Speaker, I ask Members to vote down the motion to recommit and  vote for the national defense authorization act.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and  nays.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that  the Clerk be authorized to make technical corrections in the  engrossment of H.R. 6395, including corrections in spelling,  punctuation, section and title numbering, cross-referencing, conforming  amendments to the table of contents and short titles, and the insertion  of appropriate headings.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that  the Committee on Foreign Affairs and Committee on House Administration  be discharged from further consideration of House Resolution 1055, and  ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the resolution.   