 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support  of my bill, the National Purple Heart Hall of Honor Commemorative Coin  Act, which will be voted on tonight, after many years of work.   I think it is important to note that it was the father of our  country, George Washington, who created the Purple Heart in the closing  days of the Revolutionary War. It happened right in my district, in the  heart of New York's Hudson Valley, at the New Windsor Cantonment, where  General Washington created and awarded something called the Badge of  Military Merit. We know that honor today as the Purple Heart, which is  how it appeared when it was originally created out of fabric.   The Purple Heart was revived in 1932, on the bicentennial of General  Washington's birth to honor veterans of World War I. Since then, this  great honor has been earned. It has been earned, often at great  personal cost, by nearly 2 million brave servicemen and servicewomen.   In 2006, as my colleague noted, the National Purple Heart Hall of  Honor, located in New Windsor, opened its doors and launched the first  comprehensive list of Purple Heart recipients. The Hall of Honor  collects and preserves the names and, more importantly, the deeds and  stories of the men and women wounded or killed in service of our  Nation.   It honors heroes like Rich Drago, my friend, who lives in the Hudson  Valley. Rich served in Vietnam. He continued to man his post under  fire, even after he had been hit by a mortar blast. It is heroes like  Rich who we honor tonight. He serves today on my Veterans Advisory  Board. He is the vice chair of the National Purple Heart Honor Mission  Board of Directors and is the commander of the Military Order of the  Purple Heart, Chapter 1782.   I thank so many others, including members of my staff--my legislative  staff: Ryan Lehman; Molly Carey; Shallum Atkinson; Laura Bart; and, of  course, Beverly Hart, who has personally worked for so long to make  this day a reality.    Of course, it is the National Purple Heart Hall of Honor that  deserves the credit and the Purple Heart Honor Mission and the  recipients who do such important work and who create such a powerful  example for all of us.   In addition to helping veterans receive their Purple Heart, they now  support veterans and their families, offer educational programs for  schools, host a 4-day honor mission to the Hudson Valley to see the  Hall of Honor.   My bill will authorize, importantly, the U.S. Treasury to mint $5  gold coins, $1 silver coins, and half-dollar clad coins. The proceeds  from these coins--and this is wonderful--which will be produced at the  West Point Mint, right down the road, outside the United States  Military Academy, will support the critical mission, along with other  programs to help veterans and their families at no cost to the  taxpayers, both in New York and, of course, across our country.   I thank my friend, Senator Schumer, for his partnership in passing  the bill through the Senate with broad bipartisan support. I thank my  colleagues here in House: The chairman of the Veterans' Affairs  Committee; my friends across the aisle, like   Mike Gallagher, himself  a Marine Corps veteran, for their partnership on this legislation.   The bill was really made possible, of course, by the extraordinary  work of the Military Order of the Purple Heart, the team at the  National Purple Heart Hall of Honor and the Honor Mission, including  Russ Vernon, Richie Lay, Richard Gerbeth, Jr., and William Nazario;  and, of course, volunteers like Stephanie Keegan, who helped us win  overwhelming bipartisan support from over 300 Members of Congress.   You know, today is particularly moving for me because of how long it  has taken to bring this bill to fruition. I can't help but think of two  men who inspired our work on this bill. One is my dad, Jim Maloney, a  Navy veteran who was banged up pretty bad on the USS Manchester on his  19th birthday, but who got himself well and was able to live his  American Dream because his country had his back and there were people  here who wanted to honor his service. He showed me firsthand the  incredible sacrifice of those who have served.   Another is a Republican friend of my mine, Senator Bill Larkin, a  dear friend who passed away just last year. Bill served our country in  World War II and Korea. When we did events together, he would have  trouble standing because his feet still hurt from the frostbite he  suffered in Korea. He served the Hudson Valley as a State senator for  40 years and worked closely with me to advance the mission of the Hall  of Honor on this bill. I could not be more proud to work with his  beloved wife, Pat, and others, to carry on this piece of his legacy,  and I can't wait to see this coin become a reality. I know my friend,  Bill Larkin, is smiling down from Heaven tonight.   Mr. Speaker, I thank you all for your support and the bipartisanship  it took to get us to this point.   