 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr.  David P. Roe) for yielding time.   This bill is, indeed, a blending of a bill that Governor DeSantis had  in the last Congress and a bill we had in the last Congress, and we now  have 321 cosponsors on this bill.   Mr. Speaker, as you know, our servicemembers returning from war  sometimes have invisible wounds. I served as a battalion commander in  Operation Iraqi Freedom, and soldiers under my command came back with  post-traumatic stress and, indeed, some even with traumatic brain  injury.   All too often, we see the links between military service and mental  health conditions, including post-traumatic stress, as well as  traumatic brain injury and even suicide.   Mr. Speaker, we lose 20 veterans a day to suicide. Congress has to  work to address that situation. Mental health and the suicide epidemic  that are facing veterans can't be solved with a single solution, but it  is important we look at this comprehensively and come up with as many  building blocks as we can to address this crisis. That is why I  introduced the PAWS for Veterans Therapy Act, which is based on  clinical evidence from Kaiser Permanente and Purdue University.   The PAWS for Veterans Therapy Act would establish a pilot program in  the Department of Veterans Affairs authorizing the Secretary to give  grants to local service dog training organizations so that they can  work with veterans, and veterans can receive training to train service  dogs and also end up with a service dog if it is appropriate for them.   This effort has been 10 years in the making, and it is time that we  actually bring it to a conclusion. I am grateful that so many of my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle support it.   Mr. Speaker, I want to give a special thanks to Representative  Kathleen Rice, my lead Democrat cosponsor, and the many other folks who  worked on this bill. I also want to thank the majority leader, Steny  Hoyer, for bringing it to the floor today.   Mr. Speaker, 321 Members of Congress don't agree on a lot, but they  agree we have got to address the problem of veteran suicide and give  access to veterans to service dogs if the veterans have post-traumatic  stress.   There is a Senate bill. This bill passed the House 2 years ago. My  version of the bill passed the House 2 years ago but died in the  Senate. There is now a Senate version with Senator Tillis, Senator  Sinema, Senator Fischer, and Senator Feinstein. It is bipartisan. I am  hopeful they will get that done in quick order here. We owe it to these  veterans to give creative solutions to treat their mental health and  their anxiety issues.   Since it was brought up, I do want to mention that this VA study was  authorized in the 2010 National Defense Authorization Act. It is 2020.  That is 10 years. In that time, it was started, studied for 4 years,  halted, then it began again. It has been delayed three times, and now  they say it may be out in June. I am hopeful that it is, but we can't  wait any longer. Our veterans can't wait any longer.   In the interim, this has been studied at Purdue University and Kaiser  Permanente, and the studies were conclusive: The efficacy of service  dogs works. The results are undisputed. There is less anxiety. These  veterans are on fewer drugs. There is a lower incidence of suicide.   We can't wait any longer to address this crisis. We must pass this  bill today.   Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. I  urge them to support H.R. 4305.   God bless our veterans. It is time we give them the help they need.   