 Madam President, this morning showed why we need the  Democratic approach to dealing with unemployment insurance and why the  pain that was reported this morning would get even worse under the  proposal offered by Senator Johnson.   This morning, Americans learned that our economy cratered in the  second quarter--essentially, GDP dropped by 9.5 percent from April  through June. That translates to a 33-percent annual contraction of the  American economy. So what you have with today's analysis is a gross  domestic product in free fall. If Republicans slash unemployment  benefits with this proposal, the gross domestic product is going to  fall faster, and the economy will collapse.   Folks, the economists, people who aren't political figures, told us  this morning--this is a five-alarm fire. It is the biggest and fastest  drop ever recorded, colleagues, wiping out years of economic gains in a  matter of weeks.   The fact is, when you take the kind of economic hammering that we  learned about this morning, and you have the Democratic approach with  respect to supercharged unemployment--what we wrote in the Finance  Committee, that Secretary Mnuchin signed off on, the $600 per week,  which finally included those people who nobody even talked about in the  1920s, gig workers and part-timers and independent contractors--they  got a fair shake.   The reason we thought it was so important to supercharge those  benefits and why we feel so strongly about doing it now, with an  additional $600 per week, is so that people can make rent and pay  groceries, while all these folks are out of work. And we learned again  about thousands and thousands of more workers in every part of the  country getting hit again with layoffs. When jobless Americans receive  unemployment benefits, it becomes one of the biggest booster shots for  the American economy. When jobless Americans receive unemployment  benefits, and they spend it on food, they spend it on car payments,  they spend it on rent, and they spend it on medical bills. It is part  of the gross domestic product. It makes no sense--it makes no sense,  colleagues--to take that support away, as the Senator from Wisconsin  seeks to do.   One point four million people have filed for unemployment benefits  this past week. Before the pandemic, unemployment claims had never  crossed 700,000 in a single week, not even during the great recession.  They have now been at 1.3 million or higher for 19 straight weeks.   So here the Senate is, a few hours after seeing the worst domestic  product report ever recorded, and what is the response of the Senate  Republicans? To slash unemployment even more than they originally  proposed, yanking an economic lifeline from 30 million Americans and  delivering an economic wrecking ball directly into our fragile economy.   The last point I want to make--and we have Senator Stabenow, my  seatmate on the Finance Committee, here--is to highlight the fact that  from the beginning, Senate Republicans were hostile to the idea of  trying to give a fair shake to these workers and these families who  were hit so hard.   Eugene Scalia--the first thing he said after we did that work in the  Finance Committee--the first thing he said was not ``Oh, we have to do  our job administering the benefits.'' The first thing he said was that  his big concern is that unemployed people are going to be dependent on  government. How preposterous.   I see my friend Senator Brown here, who spends a big chunk of his  waking hours talking about the dignity of work. So much for the dignity  of work when you hear about what Eugene Scalia said.   I hosted a nationwide townhall meeting just a couple of nights ago,  and there were workers from the Midwest, and they said: People are  saying we don't want to work. If I get a job offer at night, I will be  there the first thing in the morning, ready to go.   This is not about workers being unable to work; it is about scarcity  of jobs, just the way those figures this morning pointed out.   So I think that we are going to have further discussion on other  issues, but I just want to mention one last point before yielding.   Today we heard some remarkable comments about how Donald Trump--and I  guess this was his musing, but whenever he muses, it actually sometimes  is part of a strategy--he talked about putting off the election and  that  [[Page S4611]]  the problem being that people would be voting by mail. Now, there is  not a shred of evidence--not a shred of evidence--that this is a  problem.   The reason it is not a problem--and I don't say it just because I am  the Nation's first mail-in U.S. Senator; take the word of far-right  conservatives--the late Dennis Richardson in our State, about as  conservative as you get. One of the last things he did before he passed  was he pointed out that there is no voter fraud in our vote-by-mail  elections. He said it doesn't happen. A conservative. A rock-ribbed  conservative.   So we just heard that comment this morning, Leader Schumer. Of  course, the law says that he can't change the election, but it shows  again why it is so important to have the elections provision from the  Heroes Act--which I was honored to work with Speaker Pelosi on--be part  of the way in which people vote this fall because they shouldn't have  to choose between voting or their health. Most of the poll workers in  America are over the age of 60, they shouldn't be put at risk, which is  obviously what Donald Trump would be willing to do.   So the Heroes bill--we are now going to talk about, I believe, the  nutrition part, which Senator Stabenow has championed so eloquently.   But I wanted to take a moment to focus on the economic numbers that  came out this morning and how the Republican proposal would make our  ability to fight what was described a few hours ago worse and also talk  about the fiasco of Donald Trump's efforts every single day to chip  away at people's opportunities to vote-by-mail and in other ways.   I yield the floor.   