 Would my colleague from Vermont yield for some support  for his amendment?    I will speak briefly. And I thank my colleague.   I join my friend Senator Sanders to support his amendment to give  $1,200 in direct financial support to the American people in the  yearend emergency relief bill.   Now, this effort should not subtract from any other program already  in the bill, like enhanced unemployment, aid to small businesses,  education, healthcare, or any other provision. We don't need to offset  the cost or cut from elsewhere in the bill to make sure the stimulus  checks are $1,200 for each adult and then money for children and  others, as he will elaborate. Much of the money will go back into the  economy anyway.   The reason for the amendment is simple. Over the course of this  pandemic, working Americans have taken it on the chin. Millions have  lost their jobs through no fault of their own. Twenty-six million have  had trouble putting food on the table in the last 5 weeks, bread lines  stretching down American highways. Twelve million Americans will owe an  average of $6,000 in rent and mortgage payments. So we have an  opportunity in this emergency  [[Page S7697]]  relief bill to give financial aid directly--directly to those  Americans. It could mean the difference between Americans paying the  rent or not, affording groceries or not, the difference between hanging  on until the vaccine helps our country get back to normal.   Now, the only objection we have heard is that this will add too much  to the deficit. That is why a Republican Senator rejected a similar  request earlier today--to push a baseless agenda of austerity. Please.   By now, Republican objections over the debt and deficit are comical.  They added $2 trillion to the debt with a massive tax cut for  corporations and the wealthy, and that was during a steady economy. But  now the economy is on life support. Americans are queuing up on bread  lines and filing for unemployment. Just as a Democratic President is  about to take office, all of the sudden the deficit scolds are back   It is ludicrous. Chairman Powell--hardly a big liberal--of the  Federal Reserve insisted: ``The risk of overdoing it is less than the  risk of underdoing it.''   The quickest way to get money into the pockets of the American people  is to send some of their tax dollars right back where they came from.  So let's step up to the plate and deliver the $1,200 survival checks to  millions of Americans before the holidays.   I support Senator Sanders' request fully and hope the Senate will  consent.   I yield back.   