 Madam President, I call up amendment No. 2252, as  provided for under the previous order.    I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading.    Madam President, Senators Murkowski, Harris, Paul, and I  are offering a bipartisan amendment that proposes reasonable,  commonsense reforms to the 1033 Program. Groups on the left and the  right support it, including the NAACP, the National Urban League,  OurStreets, FreedomWorks, Concerned Veterans for America, the American  Conservative Union, Campaign for Liberty, Americans for Tax Reform, and  the Faith and Freedom Coalition.   People on the left and the right agree that it is time to start to  demilitarize the police.   Our amendment will permanently prohibit the transfer of lethal  military weapons to police departments. This includes heavy ammunition,  bayonets, grenade launchers, explosives, stripped-down tanks, tear gas,  and weaponized drones, among other things. Now, think about that list-- weaponized drones and bayonets. Is anybody under the impression that a  police department needs a weaponized drone or a bayonet?   Our amendment also ensures the police departments can still get  access to  [[Page S4317]]  the equipment that actually helps them to protect the public under the  1033 Program, like first-aid kits, cold-weather gear, flash lights, and  high-water vehicles to respond to flood disasters.   The last month has made clear that weapons of war don't belong in  police departments. Weapons of war have no place in police departments.  We saw the terrifying images of police in military gear storming the  streets, combat vehicles rumbling down city blocks, rounds and rounds  of tear gas shot at peaceful protesters, frequently without warning and  often unprovoked. None of this helps anyone deescalate a crisis.   Our communities are not battlefields. The American people are not  enemy combatants. If our troops can't use tear gas while overseas,  police departments shouldn't use it on American citizens. It is really  that simple.   Across the country, more than 8,000 police departments are  stockpiling weapons of war at no cost. The research plainly shows that  outfitting our police for war does not help to keep the peace.  Militarized equipment actually leads to more violence,  disproportionately impacting communities of color. More militarized law  enforcement is associated with more civilians killed each year by  police.   One study found that when a county goes from having no military  equipment to receiving about $2.5 million worth of weaponry, civilian  deaths at the hands of police are likely to double. To make matters  worse, some police departments are misusing this program by selling,  trading, or pawning equipment. Often, county and city officials don't  even know what weapons and equipment police departments are acquiring  because equipment like armored track vehicles are very expensive to  store and maintain. This program is actually blowing up local budgets  across the country because these tanks are tearing up the streets.   Today, we have an opportunity to fix it. It is not to repeal the 1033  Program outright, which, frankly, I would favor, but this amendment is  the result of a bipartisan compromise wherein we worked with each  Member who was willing to engage--former Governors who served in the  Senate, former prosecutors who served in the Senate, Members of both  parties--and they specifically came to our office and said: You know,  that specific item has an important civilian use, could you exempt it  from the list of prohibited transfers? We worked and we worked and we  worked, and this is the compromise measure. By passing this amendment,  we can prevent the abuse of a 1033 Program, and we can limit the amount  of dangerous weapons in local precincts.   To be clear, reforming this program is not the only thing we need to  do. No single amendment will end police brutality and violence, and  alleviating the deep mistrust between police and the communities they  are sworn to protect is not easy work, and it will not be solved by one  vote. This amendment is meaningful, and it is bipartisan.   There is simply no evidence to support the idea that police are  outgunned. Criminals are not rolling around with IEDs and armored  vehicles. This is an opportunity, given the failure of us to do  anything about the relationship between police and communities-- anything at all in this Congress, in this historic moment--this  amendment is an opportunity to actually get something done. We have  bipartisan cosponsors. This will be a bipartisan vote. We have  organizations, frankly, on the far left and the far right supporting  this amendment. This is an opportunity for the Senate to actually get  something done. So I urge my colleagues to vote yes.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, just by way of rebuttal to the Senator  from Wyoming, to make clear what the Schatz-Murkowski-Harris-Paul  amendment does, we were very thoughtful and deliberative and  collaborative with Members of the Senate to ensure that the problem he  is describing would not occur under this new statute. So let me just be  specific. Search-and-rescue equipment, boats, things like that which  clearly have a virtuous civilian use are not prohibited transfers under  my amendment.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that we start  the vote now.   