 Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend from Texas (Mr.  Castro) and my other good friend from Texas (Mr. McCaul) for their  leadership and generosity in allowing us to bring this bipartisan bill  before the floor.   Madam Speaker, I rise, of course, in support of H.R. 2166, the Global  Health Security Act, which reaffirms the United States' commitment in  promoting global health security.   I first introduced this bill in partnership with my colleague,    Steve Chabot of Ohio, 2 years ago, before the pandemic, when we  identified a dearth of leadership and strategy around U.S. planning for  a global health security emergency.   Tragically, the global COVID-19 pandemic has underscored not only the  need for a robust Federal response to such a crisis, but also the  importance of investing in global health security around the world  because viruses and diseases do not respect national borders. We are  truly in this together.   Amid concerns about the response to COVID-19, I welcome the fact that  the House Foreign Affairs Committee coalesced around a bipartisan  solution that addresses deficiencies in the current response as well as  to demonstrate a commitment to a comprehensive and sustainable approach  to global health security.   One of the critical lessons learned during the U.S. response to the  2014 Ebola outbreak in West Africa was the need for a permanent  designated official responsible for coordinating the interagency  response to a global health security emergency in the event of a  pandemic.   In fact, the primary recommendation of the recent CSIS report on  Strengthening America's Health Security is to restore the health  security leadership at the White House National Security Council by  naming a senior level leader in charge of coordinating U.S. efforts to  anticipate, to prevent, and to respond to biological crises.   Despite bipartisan support, sadly, the administration eliminated the  previous NSC position responsible for just such a crisis 2 years ago.   At a time when decisive leadership and robust Federal coordination is  sorely needed to combat the global COVID-19 pandemic, our Global Health  Security Act would reestablish the government-wide lead for pandemic  response by creating a U.S. coordinator.   This legislation also establishes an interagency review council, as  Mr. McCaul indicated, charged with implementing U.S. commitments around  a Global Health Security Agenda and sets important metrics for global  health security planning.   And the bill requires a global health security strategy that helps  other countries, as well as our own, to strengthen their healthcare  systems in order to detect, prevent and mitigate outbreaks early.   Republican and Democratic Presidents have recognized the critical  importance of global health security,  [[Page H4670]]  from President Obama's role in launching the Global Health Security  Agenda to President Trump's National Security Strategy and National  Biodefense Strategy.   Whether it is the current COVID-19 pandemic or the next crisis, it is  clear these threats are going to be ongoing and perhaps increasing.  Saving lives from the next global pandemic starts with investing in  preparedness before it strikes. As we have seen time and again,  diseases don't respect borders, and global health crises have immense  security, economic, and humanitarian consequences, as we are seeing  now.   Our Global Health Security Act recognizes the critical role of U.S.  leadership in international health security and enshrines U.S. global  health security policy in statute.   I am proud that this bill passed the House Foreign Affairs Committee  unanimously and was included in both the House-passed HEROES Act and  the House-passed National Defense Authorization Act.   The Global Health Security Act is endorsed by ChildFund  International, Global Health Council, International Medical Corps,  IntraHealth International, the Johns Hopkins Center for Health  Security, Nuclear Threat Initiative, the ONE Campaign, PATH, the  American Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene, Management Sciences  for Health, Sabin Vaccine Institute, The Borgen Project, and the  American Society for Microbiology, among others.   Madam Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues on a bipartisan basis,  my friend from Ohio,   Steve Chabot, Rick Larsen from Washington, Brian  Fitzpatrick from Pennsylvania, Ami Bera from California, and Ann Wagner  from Missouri, for serving as original cosponsors on this bipartisan  bill.    I urge my colleagues to adopt it as a prudent measure in response to  this pandemic.   