 Mr. President, let me tell you how the bailout has  worked. When COVID hit this country and people were dying from a  disease that we didn't have a vaccine for, as emergency rooms all over  the country were being overwhelmed, the Federal Government and the  Trump administration did nothing. They did nothing. They didn't stand  up a national testing program. They didn't stand up a national trace  and quarantine system. They didn't let the CDC do their job and issue  national guidelines around how to close businesses and schools. They  didn't lead proposing legislation before Congress to tackle the costs  of this response.   President Trump put in place a feckless travel restriction that still  allowed tens of thousands of people to get here from the countries that  were infected, and then the Federal Government gave up. It did nothing.  It left the entirety of the response to the States   Here is how the bailout works. The States have bailed out the Federal  Government by stepping up to the plate and being primary responders to  this epidemic. Hospitals and local public health systems have bailed  out the Federal Government, which did nothing to stop this virus. That  is how the bailout has worked.   All States are asking for is to help pay for the expense of  confronting this virus. If a bailout equals saving lives, then I am for  a bailout. Without help from the Federal Government, people are going  to die. States that have to balance their Federal budgets are not going  to be able to erect the kind of anti-pandemic infrastructure that will  save lives.   My colleague from Florida has left, but let's also just be honest  about the accounting here. He had a chart up about Florida bailing out  New York. If you want to do a deal in which Connecticut and New York  and New Jersey get to keep all of the revenue that we send to the  Federal Government, that we get a guarantee for every dollar we send to  Washington, we get a dollar back, we are all in.   I don't think my friend from Florida would take that deal because  every single year, on average, a Connecticut citizen gives $4,000 more  to the Federal Government than that Connecticut citizen gets back. The  average New York citizen gives on average $1,700 more to the Federal  Government than they get back. That is because we are wealthier States.   You know what, while we fight to try to get as much of that revenue  back to our State as possible, we understand that because citizens in  our States have done a little bit better, we should help pay for the  healthcare of people in Florida; we should help pay for the education  of poor kids in Florida.   We grouse about the amount of taxes we pay, but we understand the  deal in which, because we have done a little bit better, we are going  to help States that need a little bit more help. But on an average  year, the average Florida recipient gets $2,700 more in Federal  assistance than they give. That sounds like a bailout--on an annual  basis, repeating year after year.   What we are asking here is for some help to save lives. We are not  asking to give out surplus checks to our constituents; we are asking  for help to keep people alive all throughout this country. States and  municipalities are the ones that are conducting the response because  the Trump administration has refused to do it, and it is an expensive  response.   If you want to keep people alive, then you have to help us pay for  that expense. You have to help us pay for that expense. Our revenues  are cratering as the economy has been shut down. Our expenses are  spiraling as we have been left holding the bag. When that happens, you  can only do two things if you are a State that has to balance your  budget, as Connecticut is, every year. We can either raise taxes--think  about that: raising taxes in the middle of an economy in meltdown--or  we can lay people off.   Already across this country, 1.5 million State and local workers have  been laid off, and there are more to come. Many of them will be in the  public health field--the very people who we need to be able to identify  where the virus exists, trace the contacts, and quarantine people to  keep others safe. Those are the people who are going to be laid off.   It becomes this downward spiral in which, as the Federal Government  refuses to help States pay for the virus response and the States can no  longer effectively stand up a response effort, the virus wins. That is  one of the reasons you are seeing the virus spread in places like  Florida or Texas--because we don't have the infrastructure in place.  The Trump administration refused to build it, and now we are refusing  to help States build it.   It has been 45 days since the House passed their legislation helping  States to keep people alive. I was on this floor as my Republican  colleagues were literally jumping from their seats when Senate  Democrats were insisting that we take an extra day or two to pass the  CARES Act, to get it right--jumping out of their seats with a sense of  urgency.   The virus is back on the march again. The economy is in worse shape  today than it was in March. It has been 45 days since the House sent us  legislation to keep people alive, and we have done nothing.   My colleagues, I want to leave you with just one picture--really two  pictures side by side for my State. Just ask yourself after thinking  about this, visualizing this, if this is really the world you want to  choose to live in through your inaction.   We have our share of billionaires in Connecticut. They are important  to us. They pay a decent amount of taxes. They contribute  philanthropically. But they have done very well over the course of the  pandemic. A survey just came out that showed that over half of those  who count themselves as billionaires in Connecticut had dramatically  increased their net worth since this pandemic began. In fact, of all  the billionaires in Connecticut, they had increased their total wealth  by about $2 billion--$2 billion. That is driven in part by a stock  market that has priced in all of the Trump administration's support for  corporations. It is because of a stock market that has also priced in  the mass extinction of lots of small businesses that will accrue to the  benefit of those corporations.   I want you to think about the richest Americans over the course of  the last several months having seen their nest egg grow--grow. They can  afford more. They can pass down more wealth to their children, even  with 20 percent of Americans unemployed.   Put that next to this visual. Jen Sherman lives in my State and has a  14-year-old named Gavin. He is a special education student with a host  of learning challenges. He hasn't been in school since March. He needs  school because at school are his professionals--his counselors, his  therapists. School is where his routine is.   Jen says: My kid is falling apart in front of my eyes. It is making  me physically ill watching him be out of school for going on for 4  months. He is just deteriorating on me. His mental health is  concerning. It is the unknown. He has so many questions we can't  answer.   Jen is getting ready to send Gavin, who is already broken down, back  to school. As she is readying to send him back to school, school  districts across the State of Connecticut are talking about laying off  the very professionals who will help Gavin get back to that routine.   Surveys suggest that if we don't pass another emergency response  package for States, 10 percent of teachers could be laid off. You know  who is going to come first. It is going to be those paraprofessionals.  It will be those counselors who build support services around the most  vulnerable kids.   As corporations and billionaires have done better and better, kids  like Gavin--low-income families across this country, the masses of the  unemployed--are suffering and will not be able to get back to normal  unless we beat this virus. We can't beat it if we  [[Page S3649]]  don't help States and municipalities with the work that needs to be  done.   It has been some 45 days since we watched the House pass legislation  that could save lives and allow us to stand up a true national effort  to beat this virus once and for all. I would plead to my colleagues to  not go home for a 2-week vacation without passing legislation to help  us stand up a State and local response to COVID-19.   I yield the floor.   