 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.  [[Page S3133]]     Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that I speak  for 10 minutes, the Senator from New Jersey for 10 minutes, and then  the Senator from California for 10 minutes.    Madam President, the past few months have been amongst  the most wrenching and tumultuous in recent memory. The deaths of  George Floyd, Breonna Taylor, Ahmaud Arbery, as well as from the COVID- 19 pandemic, have forced our country to reckon with not only the  decades of long failure to reform our police departments and prevent  unwarranted brutality against Black Americans but also the centuries- long struggle against racial injustice.   Here in Congress, the Democrats have sought to turn the anger and  frustration in our country--and, yes, sometimes despair--into real and  meaningful action. The Democrats wish to seize the moment. Three weeks  ago, the Democrats announced a bill that would finally bring strong,  comprehensive, and lasting change to police departments across  America--the Justice in Policing Act, led by Senators Booker and  Harris. The House of Representatives will pass that bill this week, but  here in the Senate, we have a much different story.   Senate Republicans have responded to our comprehensive legislation by  proposing a bill that is so much weaker on nearly every single count  and, worse still, is completely silent on so many issues that scream  out for action. Should police officers be held to greater account if  they violate Americans' constitutional rights? The Republican bill is  silent. Should police departments continue to have easy access to  military-grade equipment? The Republican bill is silent. Should police  departments be forced to change their behavior when it comes to racial  profiling? Should they develop a better use of force standard? Should  the Justice Department be empowered and encouraged to investigate  police departments that have bad patterns and practices? Silent.  Silent. Silent.   In the place of real change and accountability for police officers  and departments, the Republican bill proposes a slew of studies and  commissions. We don't need to study the problem of police misconduct  and violence--we need to solve it. No doubt, these issues are complex,  multifaceted, and difficult, but the Republican legislation pretends as  if the cancer of police brutality is, in reality, little more than a  runny nose.   The national conversation about policing reform, which has been  ongoing for several years, was renewed by the terrible killing of  George Floyd--his windpipe crushed by an officer who kept his knee on  Floyd's neck for nearly 9 minutes. The bill my Republican friends have  drafted would not even completely ban the type of brutal tactics that  led to George Floyd's death. The Republican bill does not even fully  prevent the kind of tactics that sparked this whole debate in the first  place.   Breonna Taylor, a first responder, was asleep in her bed in  Louisville, KY, when she was killed by police who were executing a no- knock warrant. The Republican bill does not ban no-knock warrants. It  does not limit no-knock warrants or require police departments to  provide more information before obtaining them from a court. It calls  for more data on the use of no-knock warrants. After the tragic loss of  Breonna Taylor, how could the Republican bill not even attempt to  prevent the kind of events that led to her death?   Imagine if President Johnson, after the bus boycotts and the march in  Selma and the righteous movement for civil rights in America, had  proposed a bill that had called for more data on the effectiveness of  poll taxes and other voter intimidation techniques. Imagine if  President Johnson, instead of the Voting Rights Act, had proposed a  voting rights commission to have studied the issue a little bit more.   There is no escaping the fact that the Senate Republicans have  drafted a policing bill that is deeply, fundamentally, and irrevocably  flawed, and the Democrats are not the only ones to say so.   In this morning's Washington Post, the Floyd family lawyer, Reverend  Sharpton, and the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund urged  Senators to oppose the GOP reform bill. They called it a nonstarter.  That is what we believe as well.   Last night, the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund said that it  ``cannot support legislation that does not embody a strong  accountability framework for police officers and other law enforcement  who engage in misconduct.''   The lawyer for the families of George Floyd and Breonna Taylor, Ben  Crump--one of the Nation's most renowned civil rights attorneys--wrote  that the Republican legislation is ``in direct contrast to the demands  of the people'' who have been protesting, and ``the Black community is  tired of the lip service, and shocked that the [Republican proposal]  can be thought of as legislation.'' That is from the lawyer for the  families of Breonna Taylor and George Floyd.   Let me repeat: The attorney representing the families who are seeking  justice believe the Republican bill is completely inadequate, lip  service, and can hardly be thought of as legislation. How does Leader  McConnell respond to that charge? How does he respond when the  families' lawyer says his bill is a nonstarter?   Civil rights groups--the noble guardians of these issues for  generations that want nothing more than to see meaningful legislation-- are urging the Senate to reject the Republican proposal. They see this  bill for the futile and, maybe, cynical ploy that it is. Their  opposition speaks louder than almost any other.   Who does America believe when it comes to dealing with these issues-- Leader McConnell, who seems to be new to these issues, or the civil  rights groups, which have been fighting for change for decades? Who  does America believe?   We Democrats are certain the McConnell plan will not--indeed,  cannot--result in any passing of legislation. It is clear the  Republican bill, as is, will not get 60 votes. There is overwhelming  opposition to the bill in our caucus, and because the bill needs such  large-scale and fundamental change, there is no conceivable way that a  series of amendments strong enough to cure the defects in the bill  could garner 60 votes either. So no bill will pass as a result of this  ploy by Senator McConnell. The Republican majority has given the Senate  a bad bill and proposed no credible way to sufficiently improve it.   Simply put, Leader McConnell has created a cul-de-sac from which no  legislation can emerge. Leader McConnell's plan appears to be designed  to get the burden of dealing with policing reform off the Republicans'  shoulders by setting up a process which is guaranteed not to result in  successful legislation.   Again, Leader McConnell is leading the Senate into a cul-de-sac--a  process designed to fail. Yet there is a way out of this cul-de-sac.  Yes, there is a way out. It is the same process that has led to success  in the Senate time and again. It is a simple word--``bipartisanship.''   This morning, Senators Booker, Harris, and I are sending a letter to  Leader McConnell, stressing the need for bipartisan talks to get a  constructive starting point on policing reform. If our two parties  could get together to draft a bipartisan proposal--and even if we don't  agree on everything, we can agree to invoke a real amendment process-- then we might produce a bill that has a real shot of passing. If the  Republican leader would acknowledge the obvious need for these talks,  there is a real chance we could produce legislation that has a shot of  passing.   So we are pleading with Leader McConnell: Instead of pressing forward  with this partisan bill that is designed to make sure no bill passes,  Leader McConnell, pursue a path that is designed to produce real,  meaningful policing reform.   In the Senate, where 60 votes are required to achieve almost  anything, a bipartisan process is the only way to move forward.   My friends, this could be a moment for the Senate to rise to the  occasion. There is certainly something happening out there in America.  Hundreds  [[Page S3134]]  of thousands of protesters of every faith and color and age have taken  to the streets to demand change.   If Americans out in the country can together join in a righteous  chorus calling for change, we in the Senate can at least try to come to  deliver it, but it is going to take more than typical games here in the  Senate that Leader McConnell seems to be now playing.   We are going to have to rise above the take-it-or-leave-it  legislating that has trapped us in the status quo on so many issues.   We were able to negotiate a $3 trillion emergency aid package before  bringing it to the floor of the Senate. We have done it on budgets and  criminal justice reform, on the Great American Outdoors Act. A  bipartisan group put together an immigration bill that passed the  Senate with more than two-thirds votes on a very contentious issue  because it was bipartisan.   So on even thorny issues like police reform, we can--we can and we  must--work with each other, and we need to, in order to achieve a bill  that can actually pass the Senate.   So let me repeat my request to Leader McConnell: Let us not retreat  to partisan corners on such a vital issue. Let us appeal to the higher  instincts of this Chamber and try to find a bill together.   I yield to the Senator from New Jersey.   