 Madam President, today I come to the floor to talk about  the plight of America's small businesses, to talk about the plight of  their owners, to talk about the plight of their employees.   As a former small business owner myself, I am here to plead their  case and reiterate how important it is that Congress helps them and  helps them now.   Small businesses are an important part of our American economy that  help our country and its inhabitants to thrive, and they employ  millions of people.   Here is what Congress has done so far in response to the coronavirus  crisis: We had package No. 1. It was $8 billion. Around here, that used  to be a big number--$8 billion for healthcare.   Then we did package 2, and that beefed up the healthcare needs and  other things.   I should mention that that package was put together by the House  without input from the Senate. It was put together by Democrats without  Republican input. We in the Senate saw the crisis, and even though  Republicans saw things they did not want and things that were missing,  the bill passed in 1 day without amendments. We held our nose and  swallowed. We recognized the urgency of the situation.   Now a package has been put together through task groups with equal  representation from both sides of the aisle, and it is being decried as  a Republican bill. This package is to take care of the second wave of  disaster--the disaster of unemployment--massive unemployment--caused by  government caution. Government caution is saving lives, but it is  putting people out of work.   The virus has closed businesses which, in turn, lay off employees. It  has closed schools. It has changed every aspect of our daily lives, and  it has left people isolated. It has put a strain on healthcare workers  and first responders. It has done it in what was a strong and growing  economy   Why isn't there more concern for the employees out of work? Why  haven't we already done at least the parts of this bill that give  nongovernment employees some comfort and hope?   The main reason is government can't identify with the small  businessman. No one in Congress has to be concerned about how to pay  his or her employees. That is the first place government money goes,  even if government doesn't have any.   Government employees--our staffs--know they have a job and they will  be paid. Employees in the private sector don't have any confidence in  their next paycheck in this new turmoil.   Many have been laid off. They have lost their paycheck. They have  lost their health benefits. The schools and daycare have closed. Their  world has been upended. They went from a bright future to unemployed in  a couple of weeks. Congress can't even imagine their dilemma. Congress  is immune economically.   A small business doesn't exist for the government; it exists in spite  of the government. Someone with a lot of guts, determination, and what  they think is a good idea had the gumption to start a business. They  take risks without guarantees. Many folks, without any help from  Congress, launched  [[Page S1998]]  new businesses to sell their products or services and were successful  enough to hire employees.   At that point, they built a business family. Successful small  businesses work in that way. They know their employees and share a  sense of pride for helping to provide for them. They often know the  family of the employee. Usually, they work side by side with those  employees. They share their joys and their sorrows.   But in contrast to government, they have to sell something of value.  They have to make a profit or they have no money to pay employees.   None of them like to lay off employees, but we have built a backstop  of unemployment so that the employees can still get some money.  However, the owner of the business doesn't have that backstop. The  owner of the business would rather be employing his people.   But here is the dilemma we have for our small businesses, and it is  unprecedented: Government has effectively taken their customers away.  Government, to protect people from the virus, has virtually closed down  everything but grocery stores, hospitals, and clinics. Government has  even recommended curtailing nonessential medical services if they are  not for addressing the virus or some other life-or-death situation.   But the real sector that has been hurt is the employees in the small  business sector, through no fault of their own nor any fault of the  person managing the business. Government has taken their jobs away.   Answers are available and have been worked out by a group of equal  number from both parties, but we continue to be stopped in our efforts.   I sincerely hope this is not about bringing down the President or  someone trying to take advantage of a crisis in order to gain political  achievements otherwise not possible.   I gave a speech last Friday about the way to save the employees of  small businesses. The package was ready then. That employee retention  package is part of what has been held up since Sunday.   Yes, we stayed through the weekend to get a solution before the  markets opened on Monday, but it was voted down.   In record time, we accepted a Democratic bill written in the House  last week without any amendments. Now a bipartisan product has been  held up. For what? Some of the demands of those across the aisle have  nothing to do with the virus. There are demands for climate change. The  economic climate has changed and is changing daily, and they want to  wedge in some ideas they know would fail standing alone.   I have always said the best legislation is step-by-step legislation,  but we always try to be comprehensive. Maybe that is so that it is  incomprehensible and too big for anyone to understand or know.   Now, here is how the small business employee retention part works:  Businesses across America are shut down or considering shutting down.  Many businesses don't have any sales. No sales, no money--no money to  pay employees or other bills that come due.   Every truly small business owner has that experience of sitting  straight up in bed in the middle of the night and saying: Payroll is  coming. Payday is coming. Do I have enough cash to pay my employees?  That comes with a decrease in sales.   But this time many businesses are faced with no business--no  business--and not through a fault of their own. So the only  controllable variable is employees. They can lay off employees to cut  costs. If employees get laid off, they can file for unemployment, but  they lose their health insurance at a time health expenses could be  imminent.   Most people in government can't appreciate this dilemma. It is  happening in the business world. In fact, the lines at some  unemployment offices are so long, they discourage filing. And the rule  about keeping safe distance? Wow.   In this instance, the government has essentially shut down many  businesses, eliminating their sales and eliminating their cash to pay  employees. For small business, their bank says: I am sorry. I can't  loan you any money because you don't have any sales, and you can't pay  me back. Government doesn't have to file bankruptcy, but small  businesses do.   The owner probably also has to pay rent, heat, and utilities, to name  a few essentials.   But their main concern is with employees. They need employees. They  need trained employees. When they lay off their loyal, trusted  employees, they can't be sure they can get them back later.   So this bill has a solution, and I congratulate the people who worked  on it. One of them has joined me here on the floor, Senator Shaheen.  Senator Cardin worked on it. This bill has a solution.   While Congress continues to negotiate it, here is the direction it is  heading: The Federal Government will loan the businesses the money to  pay their employees, provided they don't lay them off and they rehire  the ones who have been laid off. The employees keep their jobs and  their health insurance, even if the business is closed down.   When things come back to more normal, if the owner has been keeping  all of his employees, that part of the money that they got is forgiven.  They are back in business. They have the skilled employees they had,  and business can continue to pay the employees.   That part of the bill alone generally takes care of employees of any  business with less than 500 employees--yes, even 1 employee, which  would be many businesses based in my home State of Wyoming. In Wyoming  there are a lot of communities that do not even have 500 residents. We  are a State made up of small towns, some of which have only one or two  businesses. And in my State, hundreds are or could be laid off each  day. Provisions to stop that are an important part of the bill.   Another part of the bill helps those whose business is gone. In cases  in which the pay retention for employees doesn't work, the unemployment  has been increased up to $600 a week in addition to the normal  unemployment benefits.   And to keep things intact during the transition, the bill provides  direct payment to every taxpayer of $1,200 if making less than $75,000  or $2,400 if filing jointly and making less than $150,000 combined.  Plus there will be $500 for each child in the family. That is to tide  people over while the other relief kicks in.   But it shouldn't take long for the employer retention part to kick  in, as all of the structure is in place now. Any community bank, any  lending institution, can give the loan to a small business without  having to check collateral or any of the other cumbersome steps to  normally getting a loan, and the lender is guaranteed by the Federal  Government.   Loans to others. You have heard about big businesses that have lost  their customers in response to the virus. Generally, if they have over  500 employees, they are ineligible for the employee retention piece,  but there are loans quickly available. There are no grants for big  companies, just loans, and the companies are prohibited from using the  money to buy back stock and are also prohibited from pay increases or  bonuses to managers. The loans are at market rate with no forgiveness.  They will have to be paid back. This is a lifeline to keep jobs.   There is money available to State and local governments--$186  billion. For hospitals there is another $75 billion; for veterans, $20  billion; another $11 billion for vaccines, therapeutics, and  diagnostics; $4.5 billion more for the Centers for Disease Control, in  addition to what was done before; $12 billion for K-12 education; $10  billion for airports; $20 billion for public transportation.   These and other solutions have been held up by the Democrats. Every  single Democrat has voted against cloture so far. They say they need  more time to negotiate. They promise an agreement is imminent.   My colleagues across the aisle have used Senate procedures to  unnecessarily drag this out. Let me describe the Senate process and how  long it can take to get a final product. It can be necessary to get  three clotures. That means a vote supported by at least 60 Senators.  Anyone absent counts as a no vote. Neither party has 60 Members. So the  minority has great power. Many votes from their side are necessary.  Anyone who is sick from the virus and cannot be here counts as a no  vote. If  [[Page S1999]]  the virus hits Congress harder, it will be harder for us to even  function. So we can't wait.   Back to how cloture works and why it takes so long, bills can be  delayed in the Senate almost a week if even one person doesn't like it.  That is what is happening now, except it is a lot more than one person.  A shell bill from the House has been put up to conform to a  constitutional rule that spending bills have to originate in the House.  What we have been voting on isn't even the real bill. It is a shell.   A motion to proceed to the bill has to be by unanimous consent or  have cloture filed. If 60 Senators vote for cloture, then there can be  30 hours of debate on whether we should take up the real issue.   To actually get to amend the bill takes another 60 votes, to allow  amendments and another 30 hours, unless everybody agrees. After  amendments are finished or if there is a feeling that we could be  moving on without unanimous consent, there would be a final vote to  close off debate. That would also take 60 votes. So the need to have  leverage before the first cloture vote on the shell in order to  negotiate just doesn't cut it, with the first vote or the second vote  and the expenditure of 30 hours between each vote. That is why we  stayed around and voted on Sunday, so maybe we could get the first 30  hours out of the way while negotiations went on and then get to the  bill and then get to the amendments.   My colleagues across the aisle are using this process to forward  their agenda even for issues unrelated to this crisis. We are not doing  climate change as part of this emergency bill. Everything should have a  direct connection to the coronavirus. Rome is burning and Congress is  fiddling. This bill should take care of our country's inhabitants and  communities. Protections for small businesses, their owners, and  employers are vital and an important piece of this response. I implore  everyone to vote for cloture.   I yield the floor.   