 Mr. Speaker, I rise to support William M. (Mac) Thornberry  National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021. It is a  fitting tribute to the years of dedication and work that Congressman  Thornberry has done in this body and, in particular, on national  security issues.   In particular, this legislation contains Section 3510 that addresses  and corrects a regulatory mismatch of the manner in which a small  passenger vessel that operates in Southeast Alaska is measured.  Specifically, the M/V Liseron (United States official number 971339), a  converted minesweeper that conducts overnight passenger cruises in the  eco-tourism trade in Southeast Alaska, should be classified as having  the same regulatory tonnage for licensing its crew as is used for its  safety inspection category (i.e., 100 gross tons), and the other  vessels in the same trade. For construction and safety, the vessel  meets all Coast Guard standards. This section in essence aligns and  makes licensing requirements consistent with all the other safety and  inspection regulations that apply to the M/V Liseron as a small  passenger vessel by deeming the M/V Liseron to be less than 100 gross  tons for the purposes of licensing and credentialing subject to some  conditions.   Operationally, the M/V Liseron has ten staterooms and is limited to  about 20 passengers. More critically, the vessel is currently inspected  by the Coast Guard as a small passenger vessel in the 100 gross  regulatory tonnage category. Notwithstanding that, the vessel has a  larger tonnage entered on its certificate of inspection due to the  arcane nature of the U.S. vessel admeasurement laws, rules that govern  the volumetric size of vessels. Larger competitor vessels can be nearly  100 feet longer and carry 5 times the number of passengers, yet they  are considered to be in the smaller 100 GT small passenger vessel  category for both licensing and inspection purposes.   Needless to say, the M/V Liseron suffers from the inequitable  situation as the vessel must compete with similar or larger vessels in  the eco-tourism trade that carry five times the number of passengers.  While the vessel is inspected and regulated for all safety purposes in  a lower tonnage category (i.e., 100 GT), due to the higher tonnage  rating entered on its certificate of inspection, the M/V Liseron must  source crew from seafarers with deep water credentials (i.e., 500 GT)  rather than for the shallower and protected waters of Southeast Alaska.  The inequity is underscored by the fact that the M/V Liseron physically  can fit within the volumetric profile of its competitors, yet the rules  say it should be assigned a measurement of being larger. This is a  classic example of the matryoshka principle. Further, the vessel  carries far fewer passengers than its competitors.   This legislation prohibits the M/V Liseron from undergoing any  alteration of its size. It also limits the operation while carrying  passenger to inland waters of the United States so it will not go on  deep sea oceangoing cruises. Further the section permits 100 GT  licensed crew members operate the vessel while allowing the Coast Guard  to add additional credentials in a justifiable case if the experience  and training of the individual warrant it. This does not mean  additional credentials must be required or are warranted in every  instance. My understanding is that the Coast Guard already has  authority to do this in existing regulation so no rulemaking is  required that would delay the implementation of this provision. If the  master and first mate can hold 100 GT licenses it should result in less  turnover and more appropriately experienced personnel that will  ultimately contribute to even safer and more consistent operation of  the vessel. Only two positions are affected by this legislation.   During the cruising season in Southeast Alaska this vessel brings  significant job opportunities and needed economic activity in local  businesses by the company and its customers. The vessel enables  tourists from around the world to come and enjoy the fishing and  unparalleled scenic and natural beauty that Alaska has to offer. This  year the vessel suffered the economic impact of the cancellations due  to the COVID-19. As a result, the M/V Liseron has lost an entire season  of revenue due to cancellations. Continuing an artificial barrier such  as having to hire crew in a mismatched licensing category will only add  to the vessel's difficulties to recover from this economic loss when  they are able to resume operations.  [[Page H6932]]    In summary, I urge all of my colleagues to join me to enact this  legislation. By adjusting the tonnage rating for licensing the M/V  Liseron's crew to be consistent with its safety inspection category,  the M/V Liseron would be able to hire and retain more appropriate  experienced crew familiar with Southeast Alaskan waterways and small  passenger vessel operations.   