 Madam Speaker, let me state a fact. FISA has been abused  by those who are trusted with authority, and we can't let it happen  again.   This is what we know are also facts: An opposing campaign paid a  foreign citizen to dig up dirt on President Trump and his campaign  associates. These allegations--produced, by the way, by a foreign  citizen--came to be known as the Steele dossier. The campaign then fed  these bogus allegations through the administration, to include  leadership at the FBI, the CIA, the Department of Justice, and even the  State Department. Then, the FBI shamefully used these bogus allegations  as the basis for a secret wiretap, of course, on the famous Mr. Carter  Page.   The FBI deliberately hid the fact that these allegations were both  known to be bogus and the fact that the campaign had paid for them. The  application on Mr. Page cited a news article corroborating these  allegations, but the FBI hid from the court the fact that they knew the  source of these articles was the author of the dossier.   We discovered that the FBI and DOJ investigators in this case  demonstrated enormous bias against the Trump campaign with such words  as: we will stop him; he won't become President; viva la resistance.   Finally, the inspector general revealed that an FBI attorney altered  a  [[Page H1635]]  document to deceive the court regarding Mr. Page's relationship with  another agency.   These are shocking abuses of power, and the reforms in this bill will  stop them from ever happening again.   I am proud to have been the author of the bill that is the basis for  some of these reforms.   It requires an amicus review for applications against U.S. citizens  when their First Amendment rights are in question.   It requires the court to maintain a transcript. I have read this FISA  application. It begs for questions to be asked. We don't know if the  judges were curious or asked obvious questions because we don't have a  transcript.   It requires the government to keep a log.   It enhances penalties for up to 8 years for those who improperly  surveil or deceive the court. It allows agencies to take immediate  action, including termination, of those who do.   Madam Speaker, it is incumbent on us, as an institution, to ensure  these abuses simply don't happen again. The USA FREEDOM Reauthorization  Act will accomplish this.   Let me end by saying this: To those who oppose this bill, if you vote  against this bill, you keep the status quo. FISA remains in place. The  ability to abuse FISA doesn't change.   Vote ``yes'' on this bill or accept future abuse. That is the choice  we have before us. I hope that we don't do that.    