 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my  strong support for H.R. 748, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic  Security Act.   Simply put, the challenges that the COVID-19 coronavirus pose to our  country are without precedent. As the President has said, we are at  war. But it is not a war against another country or a terrorist  network, it is a war against a silent enemy that is ravaging our people  and forcing us to sacrifice our economic wellbeing.   This is especially hurting us in rural America, where small  businesses, rural hospitals, barber shops, non-profits, and the like  are scrambling for answers and hope,   My people in Southern and Eastern Kentucky have responded to this  crisis with incredible courage and compassion. Without being prompted,  our people are filling in the gaps. I've heard story after story about  healthcare workers on the frontlines despite not having the protective  equipment they need; churches are shifting online and offering  assistance to local families; and neighbors, teachers and community  leaders are making sure our school children and seniors don't miss a  meal.   And this bill provides the necessary confidence they need to know a  plan is in place to get through this crisis together. I was proud to  work with House and Senate leadership to ensure that this bill protects  our small businesses, keeps our hospitals afloat, and provides  financial stability to our hardworking families. It also provides much  needed funding for medical supplies, and ensures our cities, counties,  and states have the resources necessary to ensure the safety of our  citizens.   As Ranking Member of the State, Foreign Operations, and Related  Programs Subcommittee, I would also like to note that this bill  provides critical funding for the State Department to respond to the  pandemic at United States diplomatic facilities around the globe, to  support continued consular services to Americans abroad, and for costs  associated with  [[Page H1860]]  bringing home Americans that have been stranded overseas. Funding is  also provided to ensure all Peace Corps volunteers get home safe.  Lastly, funds are included to support humanitarian assistance needs  related to the coronavirus internationally.   But above all else, the most important thing this bill does is bring  hope to Americans searching for a way to protect the health of their  families and their livelihood.   Mr. Speaker, since our country's birth nearly 250 years ago, the  American people have faced a myriad of challenges. And in every one of  these instances, we have pulled together and overcome. I have full  faith that we will do so again, and this bill helps ensure that we will  be victorious.   I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 748.   