 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, on January 24, tens of thousands of pro- life Americans filled the streets of Washington, DC, for the annual  March for Life. Unfortunately, I couldn't come down to the floor to  talk about the march because the Senate was tied up with the  impeachment trial, although I did get the opportunity to meet with some  marchers from Rapid City, SD. Now that the floor is open again, I  wanted to come down to recognize this year's marchers, including those  from my home State of South Dakota, and talk about why they march.   Every year in this country, hundreds of thousands of babies are  killed by abortion--hundreds of thousands. That is not some number the  pro-life movement has cooked up. That is straight from the pro-abortion  Guttmacher Institute, formerly affiliated with Planned Parenthood,  which reports that ``approximately 862,320 abortions were performed in  2017.'' That is 862,320. Most of us can't even fathom what a number  that big looks like, but that is a lot of babies, because, of course,  that is what we are talking about--babies, human beings.   Proponents of abortion try to deny the humanity of the unborn child,  but science and ultrasound and common sense all make it very clear that  when we talk about unborn children, we are talking about human beings,  with their own fingerprints and their own DNA. Human beings deserve to  be protected, even when they are small and weak and vulnerable-- especially when they are small and weak and vulnerable.   Stick around politics long enough and you are sure to hear someone  talking about the importance of being on the right side of history. It  is a common trope, but it is no less true for that. The truth is, we  should think about being on the right side of history. When people look  back at us, we want to be remembered for standing up for what is right,  not for going along with injustice.   Abortion repeats a tired pattern. One group of people or society  decides that another group of people is less valuable. They advance  plausible-sounding reasons why it is legitimate to deprive these people  of their human rights, and for various reasons people in that society  go along with it. It is a story that has been repeated too many times,  and the judgment of history never looks kindly on these societies.   The United States was founded to safeguard human rights. We haven't  always lived up to that promise, but we have never stopped trying. It  is time for America to start standing up for the rights of unborn  humans.   Last week, in his State of the Union Address, the President called  for a ban on late-term abortions. In 2016, somewhere around 11,000  babies were aborted at or after the 21-week mark in pregnancy--11,000  in 1 year. That is a lot of babies.   As neonatal science advances, we have been able to save babies born  at earlier and earlier stages of pregnancy. Babies have survived after  being born at 25 weeks, at 24 weeks, at 23 weeks, and, like Ellie  Schneider, who attended the State of the Union Address with her mom, at  21 weeks. Yet, in this country it is legal to kill babies at 40 weeks,  right up until the very last moment of pregnancy. That makes no sense.   How can a child born at 23 weeks be regarded as a human being,  deserving of care, and yet an unborn child who is that very same age be  regarded as less than human? The moment of birth does not magically  confer humanity, and yet our law acts like it does.   I would like to think that a bill to ban late-term abortions like the  President proposed would be a no-brainer in Congress. At the very, very  least, we should all be able to agree that we shouldn't be aborting  babies who can live outside their mothers. But, unfortunately, abortion  extremism has grown to such an extent that leading Democrats, including  a Democrat Presidential candidate, not only rule out banning late-term  abortions, but they actually refused to rule out infanticide.   Last year, after the Democrat Governor of Virginia implicitly  endorsed infanticide, the Senate took up legislation that simply stated  that a baby born alive in an abortion clinic is entitled to the same  protection and medical care that a baby born in a hospital is entitled  to, and 44 Democrats, almost the entire Democrat caucus here in the  Senate, voted against that legislation. It was a grim day for human  decency and for human rights.   Although we have a long way to go to protect unborn babies in this  country, I remain hopeful, and I am never more hopeful than when I see  tens of thousands of Americans--so many of them young people--descend  on our Nation's Capital every year to march for life. We may not win  this battle today or tomorrow, but we are turning the tide. The arc of  the moral universe is long, but I believe that it does bend toward  justice and in the end right will prevail. I look forward to the day  when every child born and unborn is protected in this country.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the remaining  votes in this series be 10 minutes in length.   