 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Today, I had the opportunity to attend the anniversary of the  liberation of the Auschwitz-Birkenau celebration that was held at the  United Nations.   It was a stirring program with testimony from two survivors who told  of the awful situation they had to survive, the loss of their parents,  the atrocious conduct of the Nazis, and a systematic attempt to destroy  the Jewish community.   There were survivors, a lady and a man, and the lady said: ``Hitler  did not win.'' She had her family with her, and she said that her  family is a sign that Hitler did not win. And he did not win.   But there is anti-Semitism in this world and in this country that is  in greater numbers and greater volume and greater threats than any time  since the Holocaust. We must stand up to it.   Many of the speakers talked about the importance of education and,  indeed, that is important.   In 1984, I passed a Holocaust education program in the Tennessee  Holocaust Commission, which exists to this day and is now a standing  program. We need those programs in States, and we also need education  in the classroom. The bill we passed today was important and good. But  we need to do more than just talk about it.   When the Klan raises its ugly head in Charlottesville, Virginia, and  other places, we have to condemn the Ku Klux Klan whose whole basis is  against African Americans and against Jews because of their race and  because of their religion.   Every person who is against anti-Semitism should be against racism,  should be against all kinds of intolerance and discrimination because  it starts with the Jews, but it never ends with the Jews. The Jews are,  indeed, a canary--African Americans have been, too--of other problems  in the society and the ugly head of racism and ethnic oppositions based  on xenophobic conduct, so we have to be concerned.   When the Klan speaks up, we can't say in any way at all that there  are fine people among the Klan's people. Nor can we do that with other  groups. And when David Duke speaks up, we have to realize that David  Duke hates Blacks and hates Jews and needs to be condemned by all  people on both sides.   I want to read a quote that I saw on social media. I am not a big fan  of social media. I use it to some extent, but much of it is hateful.   But this is from a man who goes by the name of Julius Goat. I think  his real name is A. R. Moxon:   ``Historians have a word for Germans who joined the Nazi party, not  because they hated Jews, but out of a hope for restored patriotism, or  a sense of economic anxiety, or a hope to preserve their religious  values, or dislike of their opponents, or raw political opportunism, or  convenience, or ignorance, or greed.   ``That word is `Nazi.' Nobody cares about their motives anymore.''   The motives which brought about the Nazi Party and the Holocaust need  to be confronted in its nascent stages, and we need to do it when the  Klan speaks, when David Duke speaks, and others.   So I want to thank everybody who has participated in this Special  Order and Mr. Weber for sponsoring it. It was an honor to be in New  York with so many distinguished speakers, and an emotional program  about the Holocaust. ``Never again.''   