 Mr. President, I am delighted to be here today with my  friend, the Senator from California, with whom I have worked so closely  on so many issues. We are both members of the Senate Committee on the  Judiciary and the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, and it is  always a pleasure to work with her and her staff.   Today is really an important day. It has been long in coming, but  finally the Senate has now passed legislation that requires the same  proof-of-age requirement that is needed for tobacco products to e- cigarettes and vaping products, particularly those that are sold over  the internet. That is what we are focused on.   Last December, I met a 16-year-old young woman named Anna Carey, who  is one of my personal heroes. She was one of the students at her high  school who became addicted to e-cigarettes.   E-cigarettes are nicotine delivery devices. The only difference  between it and smoking a cigarette is the fire, the products of  combustion, but it is just as addictive as cigarettes.   Anna started experiencing symptoms that are uncommon in an otherwise  healthy teenager. She became extremely lethargic. She experienced  random and severe chest pains. Two initial x rays came back clear, so  doctors released her, but her health struggles continued. Eventually,  she was admitted to the hospital and diagnosed with chemical-induced  pneumonia in both of her lungs.   While I am glad to report that she is fully recovered and is now  using her story to prevent more teens from going down the same path,  what she told me in Fort Worth not that long ago is that these e- cigarettes and vaping devices are everywhere. They are everywhere and  can be easily purchased even though you are not supposed to use tobacco  products or nicotine when you are under the age of 21.   So all this bill requires, and it is really rather modest--it is  unbelievable that it took us this long to get it here today, as modest  as it is. At the time of delivery, if you buy a product online, the  buyer has to sign and show an ID proving their age. It is the same  requirement you would have if you made a physical purchase at a retail  establishment or if you were buying tobacco online. For some reason, e- cigarettes and vaping devices have been operating on a different  playing field, but no longer. That is why I am so pleased to be here  with Senator Feinstein to pass the Preventing Online Sales of E- Cigarettes to Children Act.   To summarize, this legislation would put the same safeguards in place  for e-cigarettes as there are for traditional cigarettes purchased  online.   For those who think that we can never do anything on a bipartisan  basis, that we can't pass laws because we are hopelessly polarized and  dysfunctional, maybe this will provide some source of encouragement to  the American people, but it also demonstrates that we are doing our  best to try to protect children's health, particularly against  addictive substances that are delivered through e-cigarettes and vaping  devices.   Thank you, Senator Feinstein, for your leadership on this and for  your partnership.   I yield the floor.   