 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I want to start tonight by just making a  few remarks regarding what is ahead of us in the next few days, and  that is the debate about a Supreme Court Justice. I won't be able to  cover everything tonight that I want to cover, but I will just make  some preliminary comments about healthcare, which has been the driving  debate in this nomination or at least the issue that has dominated the  debate so far.   We made, in my judgment, great progress in 2010, when the Patient  Protection and Affordable Care Act was passed. Some refer to that  statute as ObamaCare, which isn't really the name of the statute and  doesn't adequately describe what it is about. The patient protection  part of the act--or the name of the statute--is the part that I think  involves most Americans, all the coverages that are provided, all the  protections, I should say, that are provided. One example of that, of  course, is the protection for preexisting conditions. The state of the  law prior to that was if an insurance company did not want to cover  someone because of a preexisting condition, they had the authority to  do that or they could cover the person but charge them more. That is no  longer permitted, and in a State like Pennsylvania, that number--the  number of people who are protected by that provision of the law because  they have a preexisting condition--that number is 5.5 million people.  Nationally, it is as high as 135 million. So we know what is at stake  in the debate, and it just so happens in this context that it is part  of the debate about the Supreme Court nominee, Judge Barrett.   I have a threshold, initial concern that is even before we get to the  debate about the Affordable Care Act and what might happen to it by  virtue of the lawsuit filed that is now before the Court with an  argument date of November 10. I think that is the primary reason for  the rush of her nomination--so that she can be a member of the Court  for that argument on November 10 and make that decision, which I think  is highly likely to be a decision against upholding the  constitutionality of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.   The threshold concern I have, though, is just the way this process  has unfolded, not just more recently but over time. The President, when  he was a candidate, said he would choose from a list that was developed  basically by  [[Page S6323]]  two groups: the Federalist Society and the Heritage Foundation. They  came up with a list, and that is the list he said he would choose from.  That list was expanded when he became President.   Judge Barrett was on that list, Justice Kavanaugh, Justice Gorsuch-- you can see the pattern there. I don't want a Supreme Court that is  chosen by those two groups, but, so far, that is what the President has  decided to do.   In this case, the rush is, I think, for that basic reason, that the  majority party here and Republicans in the House and a Republican  President want this statute struck down. They want to have that  majority, a six-to-three majority, to do that.   But I guess, as much as I can talk, as we all do, about some of the  policy--and I will--and the numbers, I think the most compelling parts  of this debate are the stories that come from people across  Pennsylvania and across the country who have come to us. I met some of  these families about 10 years ago when we were debating the act then. I  met them again when we were trying to stop the repeal in 2017 and 2018,  and now we are getting together again because of this new and, I think,  mortal threat to the law.   I will just mention two for tonight--Erin and Shannon. Erin, I know  better; I have met her over the years--Erin Gabriel. She has been very  public about the fight that she is waging on behalf of her three  children with disabilities: Collin, Bridget, and Abby. I have heard a  good bit about each of them and maybe the most about Abby.   Erin is from Beaver County, PA, right on the Ohio border, just north  of Pittsburgh, and she is very concerned about what happens to her  children because of their disabilities. Of course, under the old law-- the old way of approaching these issues--a child with a disability  could be denied coverage because of a preexisting condition, and, also,  a corresponding or related concern is the threat to Medicaid itself,  especially in budget debates here over time, and Medicaid expansion.   Erin Gabriel is one of the people who has made very clear to us the  adverse impact on the life of her children that could result if the  statute is overturned and declared unconstitutional.   A second person who has brought her story to our attention is Shannon  Striner. Shannon is a mom to two daughters: Haley and Sienna. Haley is  actually a second grader now, and Sienna is a young girl with Down  syndrome. Obviously, Sienna is a child who is going to need a lot of  care, and we have to make sure that our healthcare system is there to  meet the needs of those families.   We are going to be talking more about these challenges that these  families face, but for the life of me, I will never be able to  understand--if I lived 1,000 years, I will never be able to understand  why we would ever go backward on healthcare. Why would we go back to a  time when a child or an adult who has a preexisting condition would be  denied coverage? Why would we go back and erase by virtue of, in this  case, what would be a judicial fiat all the progress that has been made  because of the Affordable Care Act?   So many more people have the security of healthcare. In my home  State, it is 1 million people who gained coverage. The number now  nationally is about 23 million. That number keeps going up. Most of  them are getting their healthcare through the expansion of Medicaid.  The number on that keeps growing.   Part of the reason it is growing is because people lost their  insurance as a result of the adverse impact of COVID-19--people losing  their jobs and turning to programs like Medicaid for coverage. So that  number keeps going up.   In the State of Pennsylvania, just by way of example, the latest  number is 840,781 Pennsylvanians who have benefited from Medicaid  expansion. The benefit of it is one of the reasons you have States that  are not controlled by Democrats that are voting to expand coverage. So  that number keeps going up.   I want to make sure that we take every step necessary to protect  coverage, not just to uphold a statute and to, frankly, grow the number  of people with healthcare but to remember the impact it has on people's  lives and ensure that the people who gain coverage don't lose it.   We have a State--as the Presiding Officer knows because of his  family's roots--we have a State of a few big cities, but mostly it is a  State of a lot of small towns. We have 48 rural counties out of 67, and  in those small towns or rural communities, we have a lot of people who  have gained coverage because of the expansion of Medicaid.   As I said, you can see the number: 840,000 out of about 1 million who  gained coverage--gained coverage through Medicaid expansion, so that is  a big number. And even in a small county like Cameron County, one of  our smallest--it might be the smallest county in population--there are  350 people in that county who got Medicaid expansion. I want to make  sure all 350 or more can benefit from Medicaid expansion.   Big cities like Philadelphia have bigger numbers, obviously. When I  look at my home county, Lackawanna County, and look at the next county  next to it, the largest population county in the region, Luzerne  County, these are huge numbers of people who have gained coverage on  Medicaid expansion. In Lackawanna, it is more than 17,180 people and  more than 26,000 in Luzerne County. Now, that is not accounting for the  folks who got coverage because of the exchanges that were set up. So  the balance of those folks in Pennsylvania who got coverage, between  840 and 1 million, got their coverage because of the exchanges that  were set up by the Affordable Care Act.   One last point before I move to a second topic: Here are some of the  benefits of Medicaid expansion that don't get a lot of attention but  should warrant attention. I will just give you one example in 1 year  from one State.    In 2019, in Pennsylvania, over 135,000 people were able to receive  treatment for substance use disorder because they were covered through  Medicaid expansion. Now, most people may not think of that longer  category or that long phrase, ``substance use disorder,'' but a  subcategory to that and one of the largest parts of that challenge for  many families and many communities is the opioid crisis. So that means  tens of thousands of Pennsylvanians were getting covered by Medicaid  expansion and treatment therefrom just at the time the opioid crisis  was on the rise and causing death and devastation to so many families  and so many communities. So that is one benefit to the program that  doesn't get a lot of attention.   We know that on the larger question of the Affordable Care Act  itself, beyond Medicaid expansion and the exchanges, is the so-called  prescription drug doughnut hole, that coverage gap where the older  Pennsylvanian, at some point in the availability of prescription  medications, has to pay for a while before they get into a catastrophic  category where the Federal Government and the Medicare Program can pick  up the cost. But in that coverage gap--and ``doughnut hole'' is a very  benign way of describing a very burdensome problem for a lot of  seniors--if that were to go away, if the Affordable Care Act were  declared unconstitutional and that doughnut hole coverage or the  filling of the gap, so to speak, were not there the next year or the  year after or 5 years or 10 years from now, that could adversely impact  hundreds of thousands of Pennsylvanians. By one estimate, more than  293,000 people on Medicare would be forced to pay more for their  prescription drugs.   So that is a lot on the line when it comes to the Affordable Care  Act, and that is why this nomination is of such great consequence for  one big issue. I think the Affordable Care Act Supreme Court decision  will be the most significant decision that this Court will decide maybe  for 25 years because of the scope of the impact.   Even someone who is not threatened directly by the loss of coverage,  the loss of protection for a preexisting condition, or even someone who  can buy because of their wealth or their circumstances--that person  will also be affected because premiums will likely skyrocket. So there  are very few, if any, Americans not affected by this lawsuit that will  utterly destroy the Affordable Care Act.   