 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, Senator Durbin and I have worked for  months on an issue on rural healthcare. Whether it is in rural Illinois  or it is in rural Oklahoma, there is a challenge dealing with rural  hospitals and sustaining their viability.   So Senator Durbin and I partnered together to determine what is the  best way to get a solution that is a long-term solution to what they  are currently facing with COVID-19.   While COVID-19 has impacted all types of businesses, rural hospitals  have uniquely dealt with some very difficult challenges. Getting PPE  early on in the process was much more challenging for rural hospitals  than it was for urban--keeping doctors, managing separation, getting  airflow areas in hospitals to manage the flow of the virus through  areas, and also managing just patient count, where, for many rural  hospitals, they just shut down because all elective surgery was stopped  and such, and so they lost all of that income, though they still had  all the employees. It was an exceptionally challenging thing, but it is  challenging on top of the challenge that they have already faced for  decades in just surviving in rural America.   So what Senator Durbin and I have brought is a reasonable,  nonpartisan solution to how we can deal with not only COVID-19 but to  help rural hospitals long term.   Decades ago, Congress established something called the critical  access hospital and made sure that those hospitals that were designated  ``critical access hospitals'' would receive proper reimbursement from  the Federal Government for healthcare services.   Many individuals in rural areas--in fact, the dominant proportion in  many rural areas receiving healthcare are receiving it through Medicaid  or Medicare. We want to make sure that those providers providing those  high-need areas are reimbursed appropriately.   But, in 2006, Congress shifted the designation for critical access  hospitals and took away something called the necessary provider, giving  the flexibility to the States.   As a result of that action in 2006, we have seen the closure of 118  rural hospitals nationwide since that time period. The ``critical  access hospital'' designation was created because of a string of  hospital closures in the 1980s and early 1990s. Yet we have not  responded in the way that we should from the change in statute in 2006.   Simply what we are trying to do is to give that flexibility back to  States again. If they have a hospital in a rural area that is the only  provider in that community that is a Medicare-dependent hospital or is  a very small hospital  [[Page S4536]]  with fewer than 50 beds, that area has to be an area that is designated  as a rural area. It can't just be any suburban area or any other type  of hospital. It has to be a rural hospital in particular. It has to  have a high percentage relative to the national average of individuals  with income below the poverty line. Those hospitals in those locations  could be designated by their States as a necessary provider and be  treated as if they are a critical access hospital. What would that do?  That would be a lifeline for reimbursement because now we have some  rural hospitals designated as critical access and some hospitals that  meet all the other criteria, but they may be 34 miles away from another  hospital, so that hospital in that county dies while the other hospital  survives. In my State, we have a critical access hospital 34 miles away  from a hospital across the border in Texas, so the hospital in Oklahoma  can't get the critical access designation and can't survive because 34  miles away there is a hospital in another State that has the critical  access.    We need the flexibility in our States to be able to do this kind of  designation. Senator Durbin and I have run this through a lot of places  and a lot of people, and we have gotten a lot of technical input in it  to make sure this actually works for our rural hospitals and provides  not just a short-term survival through COVID-19 but also provides long- term stability for them. This is the kind of work we should do together  to make sure we stabilize those rural hospitals. They are a lifeline to  people in rural America. They are a lifeline of employment, and they  are a stable feature in every community. Without them, those  communities dry up because people need access to healthcare, and this  is the way that they can get it.   I am glad to partner with Senator Durbin on this issue, and it is our  hope to get this into the next bill dealing with COVID-19 in the days  ahead. Quite frankly, it was our hope to get it into the last one--we  didn't get it--and into the one before that. Surprisingly enough,  everyone seems to be nodding their heads on both sides of the aisle  saying: That is a good idea. That will be effective. We want to move it  from ``that is a good idea'' to ``done'' for the sake of rural  hospitals across the Nation.   With that, I yield the floor.    Madam President, reserving the right to object, Senator  Durbin knows extremely well that unanimous consent is trying to get all  100 Senators to agree on something.   Senator Durbin has done remarkable work for years advocating on the  issue of immigration, and he knows exceptionally well what a difficult  issue this is. He has been involved in countless debates and  negotiations dealing with this issue, and there is certainly not 100  percent agreement on a House bill that passed in 2019 on how to solve  immigration.   So it is not going to pass. I certainly will object in a moment to  this   This bill far exceeds just dealing with DACA. As this body knows very  well, there were four separate votes dealing with immigration in  February of 2018. At that time, three of those dealt with the issue of  DACA, and none of those actually were able to get 60 votes to be able  to pass.   The Trump administration was very engaged in those negotiations, and  the White House itself brought a proposal to deal with DACA and  multiple other issues with immigration. It failed to get 60 votes to  move it in 2018, and the Court at that time swooped it up and said they  wanted to be able to look at it.   Now 2 years later, the Court finally responded, putting it back into  the administration's hands and, quite frankly, back into Congress's  hands.   I will tell you, I wish the Court had not engaged in 2018 because  there was a lot of engagement from the Trump administration, from the  Senate, and from the House to be able to come to a point of resolution,  but that has to begin again with bipartisan negotiations through a very  complicated issue.   President Trump has stated numerous times in public interviews and in  private conversations that he wants to do something to take care of  those kids in DACA, but that is not what this particular bill does.  This particular bill far exceeds just the DACA population. In fact, the  DACA population is defined as the group that was 16 years old and in  the United States before June 15, 2017. This bill deals with 18-year- olds in the United States just 4 years ago and before, greatly  increasing the population in the conversation. So this is not just a  DACA conversation; this is a much larger bill than just a DACA bill in  that sense.   While I do agree we do need to continue bipartisan conversations--and  President Trump has expressed a desire to engage in that--I think this  is something the White House, the House, and the Senate should work out  and not try to have all 100 Senators agree on something that comes to  the floor today that has not gone through the proper debate and does  not have all three bodies engaged in the process.   With that, I would object.   