 Mr. Speaker, we just heard more of the same on the  other side of the aisle, denial and disinformation. And I find it  particularly ironic that my friend from North Carolina would cite the  unanimous decision of the Board of Governors.   Well, guess what? That same Board of Governors unanimously  recommended the $25 billion you are declining that is in this bill  today. It is interesting how we cherry-pick facts.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Delivering for America  Act.   There is an ongoing and concerted effort to disrupt the timeliness of  mail delivery and to erode public confidence in the Postal Service, all  leading, if successful, to the largest voter suppression in American  history since Jim Crow.   The effort is being directed by the new Postmaster General, Louis  DeJoy, a crony and major donor of the President. A President who  opposes mail-in voting for everyone apparently but himself and his  wife. A President who has called the Postal Service a joke and a scam,  and who threatened to veto the CARES Act with $2 trillion for  desperately needed assistance all over this country simply to block  this funding.   On August 18, the Postmaster General announced, finally, he put a  hold on some of the sweeping operational changes that were not only  misguided amid a pandemic, but actually eroded public confidence in  America's favorite government agency, the Postal Service.   All in a day's work for someone unqualified and unfit to begin with  for the office he now occupies.   By now we should all know better than to take the administration at  its word. And despite the Postmaster's reported retreat, the sabotage  continues. The Postmaster is still not advocating for additional  funding for the Postal Service, despite the recommendation by his own  Board of Governors. He is still not committed to using overtime as a  tool during the pandemic to compensate for 40,000 postal workers who  have had to quarantine or gotten sick.   The Postmaster's announcement didn't commit to reversing the cuts to  service and capacity, especially restoring sorting machines that  absolutely are critical tools in moving large volumes of mail,  especially on the eve of a consequential national election.   That is why this bill would restore the service delivery standards  and operations in place before Mr. DeJoy took office.   The Postmaster's announcement didn't include an agenda to support  election mail that demonstrates a commitment to helping the Postal  Service fulfill its historic role in this upcoming election in a  pandemic. That is why this bill will ensure that election mail is  prioritized for expedited delivery, as has been the practice in  previous years.   The Postmaster's announcement did not explain to the public, whom he  serves, how an executive could fail so spectacularly and still keep his  job. So we still have work to do because the sabotage continues.   We must restore public confidence in the Postal Service and its  ability to support voting by mail during the worst pandemic in 100  years. American democracy demands no less.   That is our history. That is the history Mr. DeJoy ignored, and that  is the awesome responsibility he betrayed.   