 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   I rise in support of H.R. 35, the Emmett Till Antilynching Act. This  act recalls a horrible period in our Nation's history. In fact, many  can claim this bill is a century too late. After all, the first  antilynching bill was introduced, as was just said by the chairman,  over 100 years ago, but it never became law.   Back then, lynchings were a popular atrocity committed by the Ku Klux  Klan against the Black community, Catholics, and Jews, among others.  Lynching, which is used to intimidate a certain populous, is the  practice of murder by a group of people by extrajudicial action.   Today, while not eliminated, and we are all striving for that, groups  on all sides need to understand that this kind of intimidation of  groups is not tolerated. That is why today these influences have been  diminished but they are not resolved, and we want to continue to fight  against this. This is why I support H.R. 35.   There is one thing I would like to make a little clearer and probably  more to the point, and that is that I believe H.R. 35, this measure,  will ensure that those who engage in mob violence that results in death  are dealt with appropriately in the Federal system. I think it would  have been more appropriate to actually place a certain penalty in this  bill as well, such as a defined number of years for committing this  offense since the justice for such a heinous act should be swift and  certain. They should know what they are getting.   I agree we can move forward with this, but I will disagree with my  Democratic colleagues that we chose not to put that in this bill. I  think that is something we can look forward to in the future. But this  is a good bill. It needs to move forward.   I am proud to support this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support  H.R. 35.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman  from Illinois (Mr. Rush) and his passion there with that speech.   It is my privilege now to introduce someone who has a similar passion  and also has worked on this bill and done a great deal for it.   Madam Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. Bacon).    Madam Speaker, I would inquire of the  gentlewoman, Ms. Bass, if she needs some more time.    Madam Speaker, I was going to give the  gentlewoman some of my time, but she is done. I just wanted to make  sure.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. Thompson).    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of  my time.   Madam Speaker, this is a bill that is long past due. It should have  been done many years ago, and it was not. It is now time to get this  done.   As was said by the majority leader and others, this was a heinous act  done by a mob for one purpose besides the killing: It is also to  intimidate and to put fear into others.   In my State of Georgia, it not only happened because of the color of  someone's skin, but by the creed of Catholic and Jews it had taken  place as well.   This should never happen again. This is a good step forward. I think  it is something that is long overdue. I urge all my colleagues to  support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Will the gentleman yield?    Madam Speaker, I want to just commend the  chairman for a moment on bringing this bill up. I think there have been  a lot of things that we have disagreed on and there have been many  places where we have seen that--we probably will do it again this  afternoon--but just to have this time, I think, to reflect and, I  think, from my State of Georgia and from New York and all over.   The gentleman made a statement, and I wanted to commend the gentleman  for that, that this was happening all over.    Madam Speaker, the gentleman has been saying  that for a year, so I will go slow.   I thank the gentleman for bringing this forward and thank him for  being a part, and also the discussion among many of the Members here.   This is a discussion not limited to one area. It was highlighted by  the Emmett Till death, but it was also something that America needed to  deal with. By bringing this forward today, I think that is a testament  to both of our committees being able to work together and both of us  being able to bring something together that Americans can understand.   Lynching was far beyond a murder. It was also an intimidation method  that we saw used in many States in many areas. So I just want to  commend Madam Speaker for that, and also commend the chairman.   