 Mr. Speaker, as Vice Chair of the Select  Committee on the Modernization of Congress, I want to express my strong  support for H. Res. 756, the Moving our Democracy and Congressional  Operations Towards Modernization Resolution.   This resolution is the result of bipartisan collaboration and hard  work by our committee members, who are committed to making Congress  work better for the American people.   H. Res. 756 marks the first time in recent history a select committee  like ours has turned recommendations into legislative action. This is a  testament to the hard work of our members, and the support from our  colleagues on both sides of the aisle has been instrumental throughout  this process.   In the last year, the Select Committee has passed nearly four dozen  recommendations crafted to make Congress more effective, efficient and  transparent. Through conversations with our colleagues and listening  sessions with congressional staff, we've worked to address everything  from staff retention and recruitment to boosting bipartisanship and  civility throughout the U.S. House of Representatives.   Today's resolution addresses five key sections of reform:  streamlining and reorganizing human resources; improving orientation  for Members-elect and providing improved continuing education  opportunities for Members; modernizing and revitalizing technology,  making the House accessible to all; and improving access to documents  and publications. These sections include 29 recommendations that were  unanimously passed by our committee on a rolling basis throughout last  year--another first for a committee like ours.   We're committed to pushing boundaries and breaking the mold with our  approach and the solutions we propose. Our chair, Rep. Derek Kilmer,  has been a strong leader and bipartisan partner throughout this  process. When the Select Committee first started, we chose to work  together and combine our resources as one team, instead of separating  the staff and office space by party line. This unique opportunity and  approach has created a bond of trust unlike anything I've experienced  in Congress.   We have more work to do before the year is over, and I can think of  no better capstone to my career in public service than to leave  Congress in better shape for the next generation of leaders. Together  we are giving the House a roadmap for a brighter future.   I look forward to continuing our work as a bipartisan team and am  grateful for the opportunity to help make a little history here in the  House.   