 Mr. President, today I introduced legislation that  provides $306 billion in additional resources to  [[Page S4497]]  fight the coronavirus and to mitigate its impact on American families,  schools, and businesses. I want to briefly highlight some of the main  provisions. They have probably been talked about already this  afternoon.   First, $6 billion goes for States to ramp up testing, with a  particular emphasis on schools, employers, childcare facilities, and  nursing homes.   Second, $26 billion goes for the development and distribution of  vaccines, therapeutics, and diagnostics. We have made meaningful  progress on each of these fronts, but we haven't gotten there yet, as  we all know.   Third, there is $105 billion for the Education Stabilization Fund to  help schools adapt to the circumstances they face, which are  extraordinary. The CDC has emphasized the importance of getting kids  back into school and has issued guidelines on how to do so safely. That  is why this legislation provides additional funding for K-12 schools to  get kids back into the classroom at least 50 percent of the time, which  would be a big start. We recognize they will incur additional expense  if they reopen safely, and we have to try to provide for that.   The fourth point I want to highlight briefly here is $20 billion in  additional assistance for our Nation's farmers and our ranchers.   The fifth and final point: nearly $30 billion to bolster the U.S.  defense industrial base, which is important to all of us. We must never  take our eyes off the ball there. These resources will prevent  furloughs of thousands of employees from across the country who help  Americans stay safe.   I can go on and on, but time is moving on here this afternoon. We  realize this is just the first step. We have to work together. We have  to work in a bipartisan fashion here and put America first.   We know the House has some high numbers. We have good numbers, I  believe. I look forward to some bipartisan help on this and moving  these bills along.   I yield the floor.   