 Mr. President, let me be abundantly  clear. I plan to support this legislation tonight, but I do want to fix  it first.   Our amendment is a very simple amendment. First, it is our  responsibility to every extent possible to take care of the American  people. I want to provide 100 percent of the salary while an American  is laid off because of COVID-19--100 percent of the salary of someone  laid off because of COVID-19.   My goal is to do it the right way. The right way is that you get your  income as if you are still working because you have been laid off  because of COVID-19. It is not a raise for not working. It is not 200  percent of your income while on unemployment. The goal is simply to  keep you whole while you are unemployed because of COVID-19.   I cannot stress enough, as a former employer, and, frankly, as a  former employee, the relationship between the employer and the employee  is critical. Our Nation is built on the dignity of work.   What this bill does, without fixing it, is simply say: You can earn  more money by being on unemployment than you can while working. That  isn't an incentive. That is perverse. We cannot have intended to  encourage people not to work and make more money than to go back to  work and receive their normal pay.   With that, I yield the floor.    Will the Senator yield?    I thank the Senator. The $600 a week, I  think, if I do the math quickly, times 16, is about $9,600. Add on top  of that the additional $1,200 per person, or $2,400 per family, and  $500 per kid is an important number that we should--I think you have  hit on the point that we should all be willing to agree upon that the  systems of unemployment throughout our country, perhaps, are working on  antiquated equipment that may need to be updated so that we can, in  fact, keep people whole during their unemployment. I would love for us  to work in a bipartisan fashion to try to figure out, through the  Department of  [[Page S2048]]  Labor, how to fix the problem so that those folks who deserve the  benefits get all that they deserve but that we actually have a system  that is nimble enough to actually meet the needs, State by State,  without exceeding the need so that when we are in a position again, if  we are looking at phase 4 or phase 5, we are not again having a  conversation about systems that are so antiquated or perhaps even  obsolete that we are doing something that was not intended.   I am not suggesting we can get that done tonight. I am not even  suggesting we can get that done over the next few months. I am,  however, concluding that we should work to get it done.    Absolutely.    I am happy to answer that question, if  the gentleman will yield.    Thank you, sir.   I would say that, on both sides of the aisle, would you not agree  that we are both trying to get to the place where we are, in fact,  keeping the average person, especially the working-class people, whole  as we ponder and discuss this amendment? Would you agree?    My final thought is that my goal isn't  to come down here and have a disagreement, as much as it is to  illuminate a very important part of the process that, if we can get it  fixed throughout our country as we tackle these issues in the future,  more folks on both sides of the aisle will have greater confidence in  giving these resources to the States so that our people can be whole.  That is all I wanted to say.    Thank you.   