 Madam President, I am honored today to join Senator  Booker, Senator Harris, and so many of my colleagues to work to take  this moment of national outcry and turn it into an opportunity, a  moment of national action.   For weeks now, in protests across our land, millions of fellow  Americans have been rising up and speaking out to demand justice,  accountability, opportunity, and, above all, the equality promised by  our Founders 244 years ago.   This latest movement may have been sparked by the senseless killing  of George Floyd, a Black man, at the hands of public safety officers.  One officer, sworn to protect and defend him, knelt on his neck for 9  minutes, extinguishing his life. But this movement is about so much  more. The pain and anger and the anguish that have burst forth from the  hearts of Black Americans everywhere run far deeper than a single  tragedy. It is a pain born of an endless string of tragedies, the  senseless killings of Breonna Taylor, Ahmaud Arbery, Eric Garner, Tamir  Rice, Sandra Bland, Freddie Gray, Michael Brown, Trayvon Martin, and  more--so many more Black men and women who should be alive today--of  Rayshard Brooks, shot in the back by a police officer, who died this  past Friday night. It is a pain borne even before we were yet a  country, when more than 400 years ago, traders kidnapped Africans from  their own lands, brought them here to these shores--American shores-- sold them, locked them into generations of brutal slavery, treated not  as people but as property, chained, sold, whipped, raped, treated as  something less than human.   Our Nation has never come to terms with this legacy. There is no  memorial on the National Mall. There is no Truth and Reconciliation  Commission. So, still today, America's gaping wound of racism bleeds  pain and injustice, and inequality continues to plague every system in  our country.   Too many Black men and women have lost their livelihoods, their  lives, and their dignity to a justice system rigged against them:  racial profiling, mandatory minimums, stop and frisk,  [[Page S2987]]  acts of racial profiling, and racially driven predatory actions.   We entrust to our public safety officers vast power to serve their  communities, but have we ensured that their vast power is exercised  equally on behalf of all citizens? We have not.   Too often, forces--public safety forces, police forces--treat White  citizens as clients and Black citizens as a threat. That is systemic  racism, and it must change. It is why I am so proud to stand here in  support of Senator Booker's and Senator Harris's sweeping Justice in  Policing Act reform bill. We need to hold officers accountable for  their actions. We need to change the culture of policing in America,  and this legislation is the right law at the right moment to begin to  do that.   No one should ever be profiled based on the color of their skin.  Choke holds, like the one that killed Eric Garner, must be a thing of  the past. No-knock warrants, like the one that ended with Breonna  Taylor being shot to death in her bed, should no longer exist. Under  the Justice in Policing Act, these will be gone.   When a public safety officer misuses the immense power of his or her  badge, that misuse must be investigated, must be documented, must be  penalized, and the record of that abuse must be public. That is the  essence of accountability that goes hand in hand with the  responsibility and the power that goes with wearing the badge.   Never again should an officer who has been fired for abusing their  power be able to go down the road and be hired by another department  and be able to continue abusive practices in a new setting. That is why  I have advocated for a national database of police misconduct, to  achieve this outcome. And it is why I am so pleased that Senator Booker  has included such a database in the Justice in Policing Act.   In 1968, the Kerner Commission, which was examining the source of the  demonstrations the year before concluded: ``Bad policing practices, a  flawed justice system, unscrupulous consumer credit practices, poor or  inadequate housing, high unemployment, voter suppression, and other  culturally embedded forms of racial discrimination all converged to  propel violent upheaval on the streets of African-American  neighborhoods in Americans cities, north and south, east and west.''  Doesn't that sound familiar--all too familiar--here, 52 years later,  half a century later?   One person testifying at the Commission said: I read the report of  the 1919 riot in Chicago, and it is as if I were reading the  investigative report on the Harlem riot of 1935, the reporting of the  investigating committee of the riot of 1943, the report of the McCone  Commission on the Watts riot. I must say in candor to members of this  Commission, it is a kind of ``Alice in Wonderland,'' with the same  moving picture shown over and over again, the same analysis, the same  recommendations, and the same inaction.   That is why I am standing on the floor in support of this act,  because inaction is not acceptable. Let the same not be said about this  moment years from now.   Today is a moment for a day of action, for greater investments in  affordable housing and decent communities and in schools and teachers  in minority communities, for greater investments in Black business  owners and early education programs like Head Start. It is a time to  ensure that every American truly has a right to vote and is free from  voter suppression and voter intimidation.   This Friday, our Nation will, once again, recognize and celebrate  Juneteenth, the day when slavery officially ended in this country 155  years ago. Let this Juneteenth stand as a day for all of us to reflect  on the calls for justice crying out across our land. Now is a time to  be agents of change--yes, to listen to the voices of the people, to  join with those who have taken to the streets, enduring rubber bullets  and the batons and the tear gas, to stand up for what is right. Now is  a moment to stand shoulder to shoulder with our fellow Americans who  have had enough of the suffering of inequality and of injustice, so  together we can help our Nation live up to the ideal of a land where  everyone, no matter the color of their skin, is treated with the  dignity and the respect and the opportunity and the equality equal to  all others.   