 Mr. President, over and over, we see the President and  Republicans in Congress trying to take healthcare away from people,  particularly women. We see it with the President's lawsuits, trying to  take away the consumer protections for preexisting conditions. We see  the vote in the Senate--defeated by one vote, but a vote in the  Senate--which would have scaled back the bipartisan Medicaid expansion  in Ohio that my Republican Governor--I am a Democrat--and we did  bipartisanly in Ohio. We have seen attempts by Republicans to take away  healthcare then, and now we--especially just this week--see that with  women's healthcare. That is what the bills we voted down this week were  all about. They are about politicians putting themselves in the middle  of the sacred doctor-patient relationship. It intimidates women, and it  intimidates medical professionals. Doctors aren't sure what might  happen to them in some cases. It takes away the freedom of women to  make their own decisions.    We defeated them earlier this week, but they are not letting up. They  tried again to pass yet another bill that has only one purpose:  stigmatizing women's healthcare.   Supporters of these bills, including the President of the United  States, have spread lies and misinformation. It is despicable. That is  why doctors and medical experts alike oppose these bills.   Think about these groups: the American College of Nurse-Midwives,  American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, the American  Medical Women's Association, the American Public Health Association--on  whom we rely so much now on the coronavirus--the American Society for  Reproductive Medicine, and the Association of Physician Assistants in  Obstetrics and Gynecology. All of these organizations oppose this bill  because they see it for what it is: a compromise of women's health. It  is politicians, it is elected officials in this body, it is Leader  McConnell from his office down the hall always playing to his interest  groups, always playing politics. It is Senator McConnell and his allies  getting between the patient--the woman--and her doctor, as if mostly  male politicians should be making these decisions about women's lives  and about the relationship between a woman and her doctor.   All of these groups that I mentioned, again, the American College of  Nurse-Midwives, American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists,  American Medical Women's Association, American Public Health  Association--all of these groups have written in to oppose politicians  interfering in the patient-provider relationship and the criminalizing  of patient care. Do we want a bunch of male politicians, do we want  people like President Trump and Vice President Pence from the Presiding  Officer's home State, and do we want a bunch of politicians like Mitch  McConnell--do we want them to be able to criminalize a doctor, get in  the middle of a patient-doctor relationship and criminalize that? There  is no question that is what this is about.   They act as though they know better than you--a woman--and your  doctor. It is nothing new. We have seen it over and over. We have seen  Washington politicians, we see Columbus politicians in my State, most  of them men, obsessed with trying to assert themselves into women's  healthcare decisions. They can't help themselves. They just keep doing  it. Those decisions should be and are between a woman and her doctor,  period.   It is time, if I can say this, that old men in Washington and in  courtrooms and in State legislatures stop trying to take away women's  healthcare, particularly when we have so much work to do in healthcare.   We could be working instead of a bunch of votes--I mean, I  understand; we know Senator McConnell is in his office down the hall,  and we know what he does. We know he brings forward legislation to get  his base excited, to make sure the most conservative voters in the  country come out to vote. We know he does legislation all the time to  help his big financial contributors--to help the drug companies, to  help the insurance companies, to help the gun lobby. We know that is  what Mitch McConnell does.   Instead of trying to compromise women's health, take healthcare away,  instead of eliminating consumer protections for preexisting conditions,  he could actually do something about drug prices. We could be working  to protect the millions of Americans with preexisting conditions.   In this country, 10 years ago, we passed a bill which said that if  you are sick--you are really sick--and you spend a lot of money on  healthcare, your health insurance company in the past would just cut  your insurance off and you were out of luck. You would then choose  between going to the doctor or not and all that can happen or you go  bankrupt. We changed that. The Affordable Care Act said: No, you can't.  Just because you are sick and you are expensive, an insurance company  can't take your insurance away. They can't cancel it.  [[Page S1177]]    President Trump has tried for 3 years now to change that and take  away those consumer protections. He has gotten support from Mitch  McConnell and from virtually almost every--except for John McCain and a  couple of other Senators from their side--almost every Republican in  this Senate to say that it is OK to take away consumer protections for  preexisting conditions.   Instead of doing that, we could work to keep drug prices down. We  could give tax credits to help people afford insurance. We could  protect the ability to stay on your parents' healthcare. If you are 25  years old, you could be on your parents' health insurance. They are  trying to take that away. They are trying to take Medicaid expansion  away.   They are trying to make limits on how much you pay out of pocket each  year. Those are the kinds of things we should be agreeing on.   Free preventive screening services--if you are a senior, if you are  on Medicare, you can get free screening for osteoporosis, free  screening for diabetes. The President and this Congress tried to take  those services away.   Five million Ohioans under 65 have preexisting conditions. Basically,  if you are over 50 in this country, the chances are overwhelming that  you have a preexisting condition. Do you want to lose those consumer  protections? Of course not.   Instead of making it harder for Ohio women to get the care they need,  instead of tearing down the Affordable Care Act, let's make it  stronger. Let's get drug prices under control. Let's tell American  women we trust them; we trust them to make their own decisions.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   