 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, yesterday afternoon, the Commerce  Subcommittee on Communications, Technology, Innovation, and the  Internet held our final hearing of the 116th Congress. The title of  yesterday's hearing was ``Betting on the Rest: Expanding American  Entrepreneurship Outside Traditional Hubs,'' and it focused on  examining where venture capital is being invested in this country and  where it is not, with an eye to exploring ways to expand investment to  other parts of the country.   Over the past 50 years, venture capital has come to play an essential  role in advancing American entrepreneurism. Venture capitalists have  provided key funding for startups that have gone on to become some of  America's most profitable companies. Many of the technologies and  services we rely on today would not be around if venture capitalists  hadn't been willing to take a risk on innovation   However, venture capital investment in the United States has  traditionally been highly concentrated in certain areas of the country.  In 2019, California-based companies received 50 percent of all venture- backed investment in the United States. Just three States--California,  New York, and Massachusetts--accounted for almost 75 percent of all  venture-backed investment in the country.   There are a lot of valid reasons for this investment concentration.  However, this geographic imbalance also means that a majority of  regions within the United States are often shut out from the kind of  investment that creates jobs, revitalizes communities, and enables the  pursuit of the American dream.   Without greater access to capital in underserved regions, the flow of  talent, wealth, and opportunity will continue to move to only a handful  of coastal cities, and the full reach and diversity of American  ingenuity will go unrealized. Fortunately, there are a lot of  individuals in the private sector who are already working to address  this issue and expand venture-backed investment to other areas of the  United States, and we had the opportunity to hear from some of them  yesterday. I was very grateful for their input. We were very pleased to  have a South Dakota entrepreneur among our panelists.   I am committed to making sure that the Federal Government serves as a  help, not a hindrance, to the expansion of venture capital investment.  I took the reins of the Commerce Committee's Subcommittee on  Communications, Technology, Innovation, and the Internet at the start  of the 116th Congress, and I am very proud of the work we have done  over the past 2 years. We have had a very active Congress, holding  eight hearings in Washington, DC, as well as a hearing in my home State  of South Dakota. These hearings have explored everything from broadband  investment in rural America to the way the social media companies  filter information on their platforms.   I have introduced several bills over the past 2 years that have been  informed by our work at the committee, including the PACT Act, the  TRACED Act, the Telecommunications Skilled Workforce Act, and the  STREAMLINE Small Cell Deployment Act.   A priority of mine over the past several years has been ensuring that  America stays at the head of the next wave of internet technology,  which is 5G. In addition to the tremendous technological benefits that  will result from 5G, staying at the forefront of the 5G revolution will  bring tremendous economic investment and create a lot of great American  jobs.   I spent a lot of time working on this issue when I was chairman of  the Commerce Committee, and heading up the Communications, Technology,  Innovation, and the Internet Subcommittee in this Congress has allowed  me to continue to focus on 5G.   Last year, I introduced the STREAMLINE Small Cell Deployment Act  along with the ranking member of the subcommittee, Senator Schatz. Our  legislation would help expedite the deployment of the small cells that  are a key part of 5G infrastructure.   This year, I introduced the Telecommunications Skilled Workforce Act  to address another part of the 5G equation, and that is ensuring that  we have the workforce in place to handle the demands of installing and  maintaining 5G technology.   As a resident of a rural State, ensuring access to broadband internet  in rural communities has long been a priority of mine. I introduced  legislation this year to direct funds from radio spectrum auctions to  expand rural broadband access. I am continuing my work to ensure that  rural communities get access to 5G technology.  [[Page S7514]]    Now, 5G has the potential to offer tremendous benefits to rural  communities, from expanded access to telehealth services to precision  agriculture technologies, and I am committed to ensuring that rural  communities are not left behind in the 5G revolution.   Pretty much every American has been forced to deal with annoying and  illegal robocalls. These calls are a major nuisance, and too often,  they are more than a nuisance. Every day, vulnerable Americans fall  prey to even more sophisticated scammers and have money or their  identities stolen.   I have worked on this issue for years, and in 2019 I introduced the  Telephone Robocall Abuse Criminal Enforcement and Deterrence Act, or  the TRACED Act, along with Senator Markey. While this legislation won't  stop every robocall, the TRACED Act provides tools to discourage  illegal robocalls, protect consumers, and crack down on offenders. I am  very proud that last December, the President signed our legislation  into law.   More and more, Americans get news and information from social media  sites, and particularly during this past election cycle, a lot of  questions have arisen about the ways that social media platforms are  filtering the information that we see. Internet platforms have actively  cultivated the notion that they are merely providing the technology for  people to communicate and to share their thoughts and ideas, but the  reality is somewhat different. Sites like Facebook and Twitter make use  of sophisticated content-moderation tools, algorithms, and  recommendation engines to shape the content that we see on these  platforms.   Now, content moderation can certainly improve the user experience.  Most of us would prefer that YouTube recommend videos that match our  interest. The problem is, the content moderation has been and largely  continues to be a black box, with consumers having little or no idea  how the information they see has been shaped by the sites they are  visiting.   Last year, I chaired a subcommittee hearing on this issue, and the  information we gathered helped inform two pieces of bipartisan  legislation that I introduced this Congress--the Filter Bubble  Transparency Act and the Platform Accountability and Consumer  Transparency Act, or the PACT Act. Both of these bills would increase  transparency around the content-moderation process so that users have a  better sense of how the information presented to them is being  filtered. The Filter Bubble Transparency Act and the PACT Act go a long  way toward making social media and other sites more accountable to  consumers, and I will continue to work to advance these legislative  efforts here in the Senate.   I am grateful to have had the opportunity to chair this subcommittee  over the past Congress and for the opportunity it has given me to work  on the important issues and the legislation that I have mentioned. I  want to thank the subcommittee's ranking member, Senator Schatz, for  all the work he has done to make our committee so effective. I look  forward to continuing to work with all my subcommittee colleagues to  advance the 5G revolution, address the challenges presented by the  internet age, and to make life better for the American people.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Wyoming (Mr. Enzi), the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. Fischer), the  Senator from Georgia (Mrs. Loeffler), and the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Perdue).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Wyoming (Mr. Enzi), the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. Fischer), the  Senator from Georgia (Mrs. Loeffler), and the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Perdue).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Wyoming (Mr. Enzi), the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. Fischer), the  Senator from Georgia (Mrs. Loeffler), and the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Perdue).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Wyoming (Mr. Enzi), the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. Fischer), the  Senator from Georgia (Mrs. Loeffler), and the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Perdue).   