 Madam President, it is the constitutional duty of  each Senator to weigh the evidence before us and render a final verdict  on the two Articles of Impeachment.   On the charge of abuse of power, the House managers have presented  overwhelming evidence, a ``mountain of it,'' as Senator Alexander has  conceded. For anyone with eyes to see or ears to hear, President Trump  undoubtedly used the power of the Presidency to withhold vital,  taxpayer-funded military aid from Ukraine to extort its government into  helping him in his reelection campaign. He did so even though fighting  Russian aggression is in our national interest. And make no mistake,  the fact that he got caught before his scheme succeeded is no defense.   The House has also proved its case on the charge of obstruction of  Congress. President Trump has engaged in unprecedented stonewalling, a  blanket coverup that makes President Nixon look like an amateur--not a  single document produced nor a single witness. Those who did testify  did so despite the President's order not to show up. They raised their  right hands and swore to tell the truth. They included Trump political  appointees and a major donor to his campaign, individuals who served  our country in war, dedicated public servants who took an oath to  defend the Constitution. Dismissing them as ``anti-Trumpers'' and  ``Democratic witnesses'' is wrong, as were the President's attempts to  bully and intimidate them.   With the facts proven, the Senate must now ask: Do these charges meet  the standard for impeachment? The President claims impeachment requires  charging him with a statutory crime, but that is a fringe view with  patently absurd results. Their lead lawyer making this argument, Alan  Dershowitz, did not hold this view during the Clinton impeachment; nor  does Trump's Attorney General, William Barr; nor does Jonathan Turley,  Trump's constitutional law expert at the House Judiciary Committee  hearing--nor does the authority cited by the President's own lawyers  here in the Senate and referenced nine times in their legal briefs.  That authority, entitled ``Impeachment: A Handbook'' states that ``the  limitation of impeachable offenses to those offenses made generally  criminal by statute is unwarranted--even absurd.''   This suggested standard has been roundly dismissed because it leads  to ridiculous conclusions--for example, that a President could withhold  taxpayer-funded disaster assistance to the people of a State until  their Governor endorsed the President for reelection.   Even Alan Dershowitz recognized the folly of his own argument, so he  switched to saying impeachment requires ``criminal-like'' conduct.  Well, the President's actions here have all the markings of criminal- like conduct, including what the Founders would consider bribery and  extortion. Moreover, as made clear by the nonpartisan legal opinion I  requested from the GAO, the President and his team broke the  impoundment control law as part of his overall extortion scheme.   In fact, the toxic mix of misconduct we find here--a President  corruptly using his office in a manner that compromises our national  security to get a foreign government to help him stay in power--is  exactly the kind of abuse of power our Founders most feared.   Yet the President shows no sign of remorse or regret. His refusal to  acknowledge any wrongdoing is an ongoing threat to our country and our  Constitution. Even as this impeachment process has proceeded, he has  continued to solicit other countries, including China, to help his  reelection efforts, as he says the Constitution gives him ``the right  to do whatever I want as President.''   Let's be honest. President Trump sees the Constitution not as a check  on his powers but as a blank check to abuse power, and he will not  change. His ongoing betrayal of the oath of office represents a clear  and present danger to our Constitution, our democracy, and the rule of  law.   Those who argue we must not remove the President before the next  election ignore the fact that the Founders included an impeachment  clause in the same Constitution that establishes 4-year terms for the  President. They wrote the impeachment clause for exactly this moment,  to prevent a corrupt President from enlisting a foreign power to help  him cheat in an election.   President Trump has committed high crimes and misdemeanors against  the Constitution, and we must use the Founders' remedy. We must find  him guilty and remove him from office. Failure to convict will send a  terrible signal that this President and any future President can commit  crimes against the Constitution and the American people and get away  with it.   But it is not only the President who has violated his duty under the  Constitution. So, too, has this Senate, not because of the ultimate  conclusion expected tomorrow but because of the flawed way the Senate  will reach that decision. While I strongly disagree with acquittal,  that verdict might be accepted by most Americans if reached through a  real and a fair trial. But this Senate did not hold a real trial. It  held the first impeachment proceeding in our history not to call a  single witness or seek a single document.   President Trump's former National Security Advisor, John Bolton,  offered us important information about the charges against the  President. The Senate voted not to hear from him. President Trump said  he wanted his Acting Chief of Staff, Mick Mulvaney, to testify at the  Senate trial, but then he changed his mind and Senate Republicans voted  not to hear from him. I offered to have the Chief Justice make  decisions about relevant witnesses and documents, just as impartial  judges do in trials every day across America. In fact, unlike in every  other courtroom, it preserved the right of the Senate to overturn the  Chief Justice's decision by a majority vote. That is obviously a fair  process for the President, but every Republican Senator voted  [[Page S821]]  against it. And why? Because they are afraid of getting to the truth,  the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. They know that, as more  incriminating facts come out, it becomes harder to acquit. By joining  the President's coverup, they have become his accomplices.   While the decision on the President will come tomorrow, the verdict  on this Senate is already in--guilty, guilty of dereliction of its  constitutional duty to conduct an impartial trial. And because the  trial was a farce, the final result will be seen by most of the country  as illegitimate, the product of a tainted trial.   President Trump must understand this: There is no exoneration, no  vindication, no real acquittal from a fake trial. In failing to adhere  to the principles of our Constitution and the values of our country, I  fear we have done grievous injury to the nature of our democracy. I  only hope America will find the resilience to repair the damage in the  years to come.   I yield the floor.   