 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of these en  bloc amendments, which includes a bipartisan amendment that I filed  with Representative Gallagher of Wisconsin.   Our amendment combats old practices like the performance metric now  known as ``level of service'' that provides faster, wider roads with  more lanes, rather than a holistic analysis that takes into account  increased traffic, induced demand, or alternatives like bike and  transit access.   Our amendment improves the existing travel demand study included in  H.R. 2 to examine ways we can prevent new projects from inadvertently  increasing traffic volume, time, or congestion, all of which are bad  for drivers and bad for the environment.   We can and must make smarter investments by using current data and  best practices, and that is what this bipartisan amendment is all  about.   It is endorsed by Transportation for America, the Natural Resources  Defense Council, Environmental Law and Policy Center, and the League of  Conservation Voters.   Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this en bloc.    Mr. Speaker, I give a special thanks to Chair  Waters for helping advance this amendment.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this en bloc which includes an  amendment that I filed with Congresswoman Pressley of Massachusetts,  amendment 343, directing the department of Housing and Urban  Development to find lead pipes in our Nation's public and federally  assisted housing and provide grants to remove them.   Frankly, it is a scandal that we have to bring this legislation to  the House floor in 2020, but we do. Chicago has more lead pipes than  any other city in the U.S. More than 350,000 homes in my city have lead  service lines.   But the problem is nationwide. According to the National Housing Law  Project, over 90,000 children nationwide in the Housing Choice Vouchers  program have lead poisoning, while another 340,000 living in federally  subsidized housing are at risk. These are children.   By now the dangers of lead poisoning are well-known. A 2015 study  determined that children in Chicago with lead in their blood were more  than 32 percent likely to fail standardized tests by the third grade.   We must remember, removing lead pipes is a racial justice issue.   White flight to the suburbs left some of our oldest municipalities  strapped for cash. Most jurisdictions require property owners to pay  for the replacement of lead pipes on their own property, and the burden  falls heavily on working class Black and Brown communities like mine.   After decades of disinvestment, our Nation's public housing  authorities simply do not have the resources to get rid of lead pipes  fast enough. It is past time for Congress to act to keep families in  this country safe and healthy in  [[Page H3021]]  their homes. Housing is infrastructure, and I believe that this  amendment is an important part of H.R. 2.    I would like to thank Congresswoman Pressley for joining me in  offering this amendment, as well as supporting organizations including  the Natural Resources Defense Council and the National Housing Trust.   Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this en bloc.   