 Madam Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, in 2013, the Connecticut General Assembly passed a law  which was enacted that tried to modify and did modify, at least at the  State level, the truck weight limits for agricultural producers, which,  again, is sort of caught in a bit of a geographic box, given the fact  that it is an 80,000 limit in Connecticut, 127,000 in Massachusetts for  interstates, and 143,000 in the State of New York.   This is a very densely concentrated part of the country, and almost  all of their feed, almost all of their silage, a lot of their fuel, and  a lot of their equipment comes in from out of State. So when you have  got trucks that can carry 120,000 going down the Mass Pike and then  enter Connecticut, you are suddenly having a very disruptive, expensive  proposition in terms of actually needing more trucks or having to have  the products offloaded.   That is why the general assembly passed this statute. They thought  they fixed it, but as, of course, we know here, in fact, Federal law  has to be modified in order to make it effective. And that really was  the purpose of this amendment.   I had the support of the Governor and all of the relevant agencies in  Washington.   Truck weights are complicated. We know that, and I think we have  really learned a lot in terms of this process.   Again, I will be making a motion which I think will bring this event  to a conclusion, but before I do that, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Connecticut (Mrs. Hayes), a great advocate for farms  in the State of Connecticut, a member of the House Agriculture  Committee, and someone who has been very involved in terms of trying to  help on this issue.    Madam Speaker, again, I think the gentlewoman described  very well the situation that is there. We obviously, as I said, learned  a lot in this process in terms of maybe trying to get more reassurance  about the precision of the definition of what are agricultural  products, as well as making sure that the regulations in Connecticut  are beefed up so that the maximum level of truck safety would be  incorporated into any such change. As I said, it needs more work.   I want to thank Mr. DeFazio for at least listening to us and Mr.  McGovern for making this amendment in order and Mr. Graves, again, for  the work that he does on the Transportation and Infrastructure  Committee.   As a friend of mine once said when he was redirected out of a seat in  the Connecticut Legislature: Don't send me flowers, because I am coming  back.   Don't send us flowers, because we want to really bring this issue,  sometime in the future, to Congress to try and help really great people  who work every day, get up early, and are doing wonderful things in  terms of food production and agriculture products.   I ask unanimous consent to withdraw this amendment.   