 Madam Speaker, it is not always that you  work together, being from Oklahoma, with somebody from Texas, but it  was really great to work with somebody on this particular bill.   I rise today in support of H.R. 5130, the Capturing All Small  Businesses Act.   I would like to thank my colleague, Representative Veasey from Texas,  on his leadership on this important legislation which will help small  business manufacturers gain a greater competitive edge in the open  marketplace.   This bill provides parity with another important small business bill  that the committee passed which was signed into law nearly a year ago.  The previous bill extended the runway for revenue-based small  businesses, allowing them to stay smaller for a longer period of time.   Rapid growth in small businesses can sometimes push them out of a  small business status before they are prepared to tackle the challenges  of a large corporation. While revenue-based and employee-based firms  differ in many respects, one thing remains constant: Competing in the  open marketplace when a firm is not ready to leave the small business  arena can have disastrous effects on a small business's growth  trajectory.   There is a reason why so many small businesses compare this  transition to jumping off a cliff. Oftentimes, small firms cannot  compete against the giants in their particular industries, eventually  fail, stay small, or become acquired into a large company's supply  chain.   None of these outcomes promote growth for small businesses, and none  of these options are good for competition. Therefore, it is critical  that we ensure our small manufacturers are capable of successfully and  smoothly transitioning out of the small business space and into the  open marketplace without falling off of this cliff. That is exactly  what this bill does for small manufacturers.   By extending the measurement of a small manufacturing concern's size  from a rolling 12-month average to a rolling 24-month average, we  provide these small businesses with more time to build their  competitive edge and infrastructure so they are better equipped to  handle the more robust competition once they graduate out of the small  business space.   In short, H.R. 5130 is a good, commonsense policy aimed at  encouraging small business growth and competition at the highest  levels.   I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   