 Mr. President, good morning to you. You stand watches  everywhere.   We are here, in part, because of a Supreme Court nomination, but we  are here also because of a Supreme Court process that has turned foul  in a considerable number of ways.   I would like to spend the time that I have with you this morning  walking through some of the history that got us there.   With respect to the now-standard Republican talking points that the  only reason that we are here today in this partisan wrangle is because  of Harry Reid, I would submit that the spectacle of procedural wreckage  that surrounds all three of the last Supreme Court nominees completely  belies any suggestion that Senator McConnell would have respected the  filibuster of a Supreme Court Justice. They have broken essentially  every rule that got in their way--it didn't matter what it was--over  and over again. And the idea that they would break every rule but that  one simply makes no sense.    So I can see that it is sort of a cute and clever argument to go back  and point out that Harry Reid broke the effort to stonewall all of  President Obama's appointees to the DC Circuit Court, which was what  was going on at the time, but the rest of the wreckage belies that this  would have been protected by Leader McConnell in the mad, headlong rush  to load up the Supreme Court with nominees who have been through this  very, very peculiar Supreme Court process.   To those who wonder why it is that we talk a lot about healthcare in  the context of this nominee, look no further than the Republican Party  platform that my colleagues supported, which says that Republican  Presidents will appoint judges to reverse the ObamaCare cases. That is  the language from their own party platform. So expect some skepticism  about the sincerity of Republican expressions that they are shocked-- shocked--that we would try to tie the fate of the Affordable Care Act  to this nominee when they have put that in their party platform.   One of the unpleasant aspects of the process that I am about to  describe has been that the handoff to special interests of control over  who gets appointed to the Supreme Court means that there is an audience  for auditioning. Over and over again, we have seen judges audition to  that audience in order to get onto that all-important Federalist  Society list or, in the case of Judge Kavanaugh, to get escorted by  Leonard Leo, the operative of that operation, right around the list and  onto its very top. Nobody auditioned like Brett Kavanaugh.   But Judge Barrett made her own effort, and that was to make it very  publicly clear that she disagreed with Justice Roberts, the swing vote  who protected ObamaCare. That mattered because the outrage in the  rightwing that their Supreme Court they thought they had claimed  actually made one decision against their political interests--a sense  of betrayal by Justice Roberts. That was very acute.   It was into that environment that Judge Barrett added her unsolicited  opinion--just threw it out there--that Roberts was wrong; that the  dissent had it right. Obviously that allows us--in fact, requires us-- to draw the logical conclusion that when she is the swing vote, she is  going to go with the minority. So she telegraphed how she would rule in  this matter. She became the nominee. It was on the Republican Party  platform that she should reverse the ObamaCare cases. How are we not  supposed to notice this when you say this in all caps?   So, please, let's not pretend that we are making up a connection  between this appointment and the persistent Republican attack on our  present healthcare system.   The first thing you have to understand in looking at the Republican  judicial selection process is that we are now looking at three--we are  now looking at three nominees who have come through this process. It  began when I was in Munich on a trip with Senator McCain and Judiciary  Chairman Graham. He wasn't the chairman then, I don't believe. But we  had gone to the Munich Security Conference together, and word came--in  fact, I believe Senator Barrasso was there as well, who is now  presiding. Word came that Justice Scalia had died on a hunting vacation  and that there was a vacancy.   It became quickly evident that Merrick Garland, the chief judge of  the DC Circuit Court of Appeals--a very widely respected judge, someone  about whom Republican members of the Senate Judiciary Committee had  said very good things in the past, presumably a consensus nominee--was  likely to be the nominee of President Obama, a man who very often tried  for consensus and very often was spurned.   In this case, it did not take long for someone to decide that was not  going to happen and, indeed, that no Obama nominee was going to be  brought forward. It happened quickly but not so quickly that a few  Members of the Senate said that they would, of course, meet with the  nominee. That would be standard practice; of course, they would.   In any event, my recollection is that no one did--no Republican  Senator did. That was a very sudden pivot by an entire body of people  to go from a normal process to something very new and abnormal. In my  experience, when a whole lot of people all pivot together to go from  what is normal to something that is new and abnormal, you look for a  reason.  [[Page S6540]]    If you see all the branches blowing in one direction on a tree, you  may be indoors. You may not actually be able to feel the wind blowing.  But when you see all the branches lean, you can draw the reasonable  conclusion--in fact, you can draw perhaps the only reasonable  conclusion--that there is a wind blowing those branches, which begs the  question: What was the wind blowing all those branches to so  immediately step out of the norms of the Senate--not just 1 or 2 or 10  but as an entire caucus--and pivot to this new abnormal response to a  Presidential nominee? To me, that is a sign. That is a sign that  political force is being applied, that a strong wind is blowing, and  that all the branches have to lean in the same direction.   On we went through that process with very, very strong statements  being made by judges about this newly found principle that, during an  election year, you don't confirm Supreme Court Justices. They invented  that new principle--highly convenient to that moment, but they  described it as a principle.   Here is Senator Daines in 2016: ``I don't think it's right to bring a  nominee forward in an election year.'' He put it in about the strongest  moral terms that one could use. He used terms of principle. He used the  distinction between right and wrong. ``I don't think it's right to  bring a nominee forward in an election year.'' Why? So that the  people's voice--the people who have already begun voting had their  voice reflected.    So that was probably--I don't know--maybe 8 months before the  election. Here we are closer to 8 days before the election, and we are  going through this process, and there has been this extraordinarily  abrupt reversal of that supposed principle from 2016. ``I don't think  it's right.'' If it is not right, why are we doing it right now?  Suddenly, it is right in 2020.   Senator Daines wasn't alone. Mitch McConnell was the Senate floor  orchestrator of all of this. He said: ``Of course, of course, the  American people should have a say in the court's direction.'' That is  why we can't take up Judge Garland now--because the American people  should have their say months before the election. Here we are days  before the election--flips-o, change-o. What could that mean?   Senator Grassley: ``The American people shouldn't be denied a  voice.'' That was then; this is now.   Lindsey Graham: ``Hold the tape.'' ``Hold my words against me,'' the  chairman said. If an opening--here was his rule: ``If an opening comes  in the last year of President Trump's term, we'll wait till the next  election.'' Could you get clearer than that? ``If an opening comes in  the last year of President Trump's term, we'll wait till the next  election.'' ``Hold the tape.''   Ted Cruz: ``You don't do this in an election year.''   So what does it signal when people take a stand assertively on  principle that it wouldn't be right--Steve Daines; that ``you don't do  this''--Ted Cruz; that ``of course, of course, the American people  should have their say''--Mitch McConnell and Chuck Grassley--what does  it say when people take a stand on principle on one occasion and then  on the very next occasion, in the very next election, at the first  opportunity, they completely reverse themselves on their supposed  principle?   Well, one possibility is that there has been a minipandemic in the  Senate of hypocrisy; that somehow there is a little germ here, and  somebody brought hypocrisy into the Republican caucus, and everybody  caught it, and they feel an unhealthy desire to go out and violate  principles that they espoused on the previous occasion. That doesn't  seem very credible to me.   What seems more credible is that something is blowing in the  branches; that there is a force--a political force--at work that causes  Republican Senators to take a firm stand on principle, albeit a novel  one, a peculiar one, an unprecedented one, but in their words, a firm  stand on principle in the 2016 election, and exactly in the very next  case, in the 2020 election, completely reverse that supposed principle.  My experience in politics is that when you see people forced to engage  in hypocrisy in broad daylight, look for power in the shadows.   So we began with the Garland-Gorsuch switcheroo based on this ``you  don't do this in an election year'' principle. Then we went on to Judge  Kavanaugh, and the narrative has developed on the Republican side that  Judge Kavanaugh was treated very unfairly, as if no witness came  forward to testify in the Senate Judiciary Committee that she had been  assaulted by a young Brett Kavanaugh. I don't know what we were  supposed to do with that information. Were we supposed to tell the good  professor: Go away. We don't want to hear from you. Sorry, it is a  little late. The chance that a person headed for the Supreme Court  might have committed sexual assault is something we don't take at all  seriously. We don't want to get to the bottom of it. We don't want to  know.   This was a woman who was willing to come and testify in front of all  of America, subject herself to the hostile questioning of a  professional prosecutor hired by the Republicans just for that  occasion. She stuck to her guns and, in my view, was credible. To this  day, I still believe her. The nature of her testimony was very  consistent with the testimony of sexual assault victims who have been  through that kind of an ordeal.   Do I know what happened? No. But she was a credible witness. She was  willing to come into the Senate Judiciary Committee and claim that  Brett Kavanaugh assaulted her. Of course, we had to hear from her.  Republicans want to blame Democrats for that, but seriously, would you  not have let her testify? Really? That does not seem very credible.   So she came. She testified. She was credible. Despite the rightwing  having launched their flying monkeys at her in such vehemence, she had  to leave her house, hire private security, go into hiding, she  nevertheless came; she nevertheless was credible.   All we asked for was an investigation to find out what had happened,  to do our best to get to the bottom of it. It was going to be difficult  because it happened years ago, but it would seem to me that we owed  this institution and the Supreme Court our best effort. Did we get a  best effort? No, we got a slipshod, truncated decision that, to this  day, the FBI refuses to answer questions about. Why? Why not give Dr.  Blasey Ford, why not give the American people, why not give the Supreme  Court a best effort from the FBI to get to the bottom of whatever  happened?    There is every indication that the tip line the FBI set up was never  reviewed and followed up on. I have been a prosecutor. I have run the  attorney general's office in Rhode Island, which is the lead  prosecutorial office for the State. I have been the U.S. attorney for  Rhode Island, running Federal prosecutions. The whole purpose of a tip  line is to bring in evidence from the public and sort through it  because every tip line has bonkers evidence in it. But you sort through  the chaff to see if there is any wheat there, if there is anything that  needs to be looked into.   It does not appear that the FBI looked into anything that came in  through the tip line. It looks like the tip line--if you could imagine  the comments box, it looks like they attached the comments box directly  to the dumpster so that the tips went straight into the waste bin. I  know of no ``tip'' that got followed up on.   Once again, why? Why would the FBI allow itself to be associated with  a truncated, incomplete investigation? Well, they said why. They said  it was because they are not operating like an FBI when they do this.  They are operating as an agent of the White House. They are operating  at the White House's bidding when they are doing these confirmation  investigations. They don't behave like the FBI then and follow their  procedures. They do as they are told. That is a pretty strong clue and,  once again, a signal of powerful political forces at work to try to  cram nominees, even very troubled ones, onto the Supreme Court.   Then we come to Judge Barrett, who had to be the subject of this  massive flips-o, change-o of what was right for our traditional  nominees in an election year and enumerable minor broken rules along  the way.   As I said, in all three of these recent nominations, there is a trail  of procedural wreckage through the Senate. I don't think my colleagues  hate Senate procedure. I don't think they get a form of malicious glee  out of smashing  [[Page S6541]]  Senate procedure. When you see a lot of procedural wreckage in the  Senate, look for a motive. Look for a force. Look for a force.   Three for three, we have seen powerful signals of a motive force at  work. Sure enough, when you look at the process itself, you see some  real peculiarities.   First of all, when these judges got selected, they had something in  common. They all went through a process hosted at the Federalist  Society and run by a person named Leonard Leo. The Wall Street Journal  editorial page editor described this relationship as a subcontractor.  The judicial selection got subcontracted out to this private  organization and its operative--subcontracted out. The White House  counsel said this organization was insourced to the White House.  Leonard Leo was put on temporary leave from the Federalist Society-- like that is a big deal--to supervise the process.   Can we just stop for a minute and accept that it is weird that any  private organization would be made the subcontractor for the selection  of Supreme Court Justices? I don't care if it is the Girl Scouts of  America. It is weird and it is wrong that a private organization should  be the subcontractor for selecting judges.   And it gets weirder and wronger when you see the big anonymous money  pouring into that organization. The Washington Post took a pretty good,  thorough look into this scheme, and they said that the whole scheme was  $250 million worth of dark money--$250 million. They described it as  ``a conservative activist's behind-the-scenes campaign to remake the  Nation's courts.'' On whose behalf, one wonders. But you don't know  because of the $250 million, most of it is anonymous money, what we  call around here ``dark money.''   You have the last three nominees selected by a private organization,  secretively, which is also taking huge donations from anonymous donors.  The whole scheme runs up to $250 million, according to the Washington  Post. That is a pretty big deal. If you can't see that that is a recipe  for corruption, you are wearing blinders, because the idea that a  private organization becomes designated to pick who is on the Supreme  Court and then takes big anonymous donations is a prescription for  disaster.   But it does produce nominees. At the end, you get your selection-- one, two, three. Then, those nominees get TV campaigns run for them.  There is a big PR effort, a political effort, and that is run by  something called the Judicial Crisis Network, which has as its  operative Carrie Severino. Judicial Crisis Network gets boatloads of  anonymous money also. You have the same problem--a private  organization, a secret organization that takes boatloads of anonymous  money having a central role in campaigning for these nominees. That is  also abnormal. This is new, this is peculiar, and this is wrong, in my  view.   By the way, when that Washington Post article came out, Leonard Leo  got blown like an agent in a covert operation. And to protect the  Federalist Society, he had to jump out, go do something else. So he  went out to go do dark money-funded voter suppression. Guess who jumped  into his role for Judge Barrett? Well, well, well, none other than Ms.  Severino.   The Judicial Crisis Network offices are next to the Federal Society's  offices--same building, same floor.   How big is the money? Well, here is a little filing from the Judicial  Crisis Network. This is from IRS Form 990. Look at this, a contribution  for $17.9 million--$17.9 million. Do we know who gave them $17.9  million to put on TV ads for a judicial nominee who had been selected  by the dark money group behind the Federalist Society? We do not. We do  not. But somebody wrote a $17 million check to support a PR campaign  for a Supreme Court nominee. How do we know they didn't have business  before the Supreme Court? How do we know that when they are anonymous?    By the way, they did it again. Somebody gave $17 million to push off  Garland and help Gorsuch. And then another 17-plus million dollars came  in for the troubled Kavanaugh nomination. Do we know that it is not the  same donor? No, we don't. It could be the same donor, in which case  somebody gave $35 million anonymously to influence the makeup of our  U.S. Supreme Court.   And they may have business before the Court. There is a case called  the Caperton case in which the Supreme Court said you had a due process  right not to have Judges who had big money spent on their behalf to get  the office rule in your case. This looks like a Caperton problem--$35  million spent by conceivably one donor who may very well have business  before the Court.   Why would you do this? Why would you do this? Why would you ever  allow judicial nominees to be selected this way, funded by dark money,  anonymously, controlled by private, secretive organizations? Why would  you do that? Why is that acceptable at all? I submit that were the shoe  on the other foot, the other side would have its hair on fire about  such a performance.   The fact that this seems OK is yet another indication of the branches  blowing in the wind here because it is not OK by any objective or  reasonable standard. The only thing that makes this OK is if that  political force makes this OK in the same way they made it OK to  reverse the 2016 principle on the very next occasion in 2020.   When you see hypocrisy in the daylight, look for power in the  shadows.   It doesn't end once their judges are selected and once the judges  have their campaigns paid for by $17-million check writers. When they  are on the Court, guess who shows up in orchestrated choruses. Groups  funded by dark money. In some cases, they are the litigating lawyer  group. In some cases, they come on afterward as what are called friends  of the court, amici curiae--friends of the court.   We had one case that I looked at about the Consumer Financial  Protection Bureau, where it turned out that a whole bunch of amici  curiae showed up--friends of the court, a whole bunch of them. So I did  this graphic in the brief that I filed. It showed 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7,  8, 9, 10, 11 briefs filed in that case by nominally separate groups,  all funded by the same organization, Donors Trust, 8 out of 11 funded  by the Bradley Foundation, and more overlapping donors throughout. This  was just my work.   The Center for Media and Democracy went back and did an even more  thorough drill down and came to even more astonishing conclusions about  the overlap between the funding of these groups showing up in these  orchestrated choruses.   By the way, they don't tell the Court that they are all funded by the  same groups. They don't tell the other parties that they are all funded  by the same groups. There is actually a disclosure in the briefing rule  that says you are supposed to disclose who paid for your briefing. They  use that to mean who paid for the printing of the brief.   So you can take a million-dollar contribution from somebody or, who  knows, a $17-million contribution from somebody, and then pay a couple  of thousand bucks yourself to have the brief published and disclose  nothing to the Court, nothing to the parties about who is really behind  these phony-baloney, trumped-up, front-group friends of the court. But  they do provide an educating chorus for the judges and tell them how to  rule.   By the way, the Center for Media and Democracy showed that not only  is the funding going to these groups, but the same funding is going  over there to the Federalist Society to support this judicial selection  operation. And from Judicial Crisis Network, you have the  interchangeable Leonard Leo and Carrie Severino. This looks like a  single scheme--a single scheme through which a small group of very  secretive, big money donors, donors capable of writing a $17-million  check to help influence who is on the Supreme Court, get together and  control the selection of Supreme Court Justices, fund the PR campaigns  and the TV advertisements for those Supreme Court Justices, and then  show up through front groups to pitch the Justices on what they want  from them.   That is about as unhealthy a situation for a Court as one could have.  Again, we are like the frog--the alleged frog in the pot. It has gotten  worse and worse. It has stunk more and more, but it happened kind of  gradually and we, for some reason, acted as if this is somehow normal.  There is nothing normal about this.  [[Page S6542]]    As a lawyer, I spent a good deal of my life in appellate courts. I  have argued in the U.S. Supreme Court. I have argued in several circuit  courts of appeals. I argued over and over before our State supreme  court. To the extent I had a specialty, it was appellate law. As the  Governor's legal counsel in Rhode Island, I was involved in picking  judges for the State courts on the Judiciary Committee. I have been  involved in picking judges for the Federal courts.   Folks, this is weird. This is not right. Nobody behaves this way.  Nobody farms out the selection of judges to private interest groups  that don't disclose their donors and take up to $250 million into the  scheme, which is according to the Washington Post. It is weird enough  that people feel the need to run TV ads for judicial nominees, but when  they are taking a check for $17 million or two checks for $17 million  from an anonymous donor or, maybe, two anonymous donors, if you think  that is weird, it is because it is. That shouldn't happen anywhere  around a court.   There are a lot of high-minded speeches about the importance of the  judiciary and its independence and all of that. The most important  standard that a court must meet is that it is not a pantomime court, a  pantomime court in which the rituals of adjudication get acted out.  People come to the bench, wearing their robes. They hear the arguments,  render decisions, read the briefs, but at the end of the day, the  decision is cooked by big special interest influence that has  insinuated its way into the Court by controlling the selection of  judges, by funding the PR campaigns for those judges, and by being the  orchestrating force behind the amicus curiae.   You might think that I am being a little aggressive in suggesting  that they are orchestrated. Well, do you remember this group, the  Bradley Foundation, that I showed you from my Supreme Court checklist  that funded 8 out of the 11 groups in that case? Here is a memo of a  grant it is giving to something called the Judicial Education Project,  which is a sister organization to that same Judicial Crisis Network.  This is a little bit of a pea in a shell game, so forgive me, but they  are directly related groups. The staff recommendation says that, at  this highest of legal levels, it is a request for funding for amicus  curiae in a case--in several cases--at the Supreme Court. It is very  important to orchestrate high-caliber amicus efforts--orchestrate.   For Pete's sake, the secret funders themselves use the word  ``orchestrate.'' So something is up. Something is not right. Something  is rotten in Denmark. If the American people are good enough to entrust  us with the ability to answer their questions about this mess, we will  answer their questions about this mess. I will tell you that I cannot  get my questions answered, not without gavels, not in this Senate, not  in these committees. Yet I think it matters if an individual wrote $35  million worth of checks to influence the makeup of our U.S. Supreme  Court to know whether they have business before the Court, to know who  they were, and to be able to even do the Caperton analysis of whether  somebody's due process rights have been infringed by influence.   So, in some respects, this is the end of things. This is the third of  three nominees who have all had the same characteristics. They have  been selected through this scheme. They have been campaigned for  through this scheme. They have generated bizarre procedural behavior in  this Senate--all three, three for three. It is like the triple  trifecta--three judges, three characteristics: selected, campaigned  for, bizarre procedural anomalies.   When you see that kind of behavior, that means there are a lot of  branches leaning the same way, and if that doesn't mean the wind is  blowing, then give me a better explanation. I think there is a foul  wind blowing, and we need to find out who is behind it, and we need to  find out what it means for our treasured Supreme Court.   I will close by saying that the results are already coming in. Even  before Judge Barrett gets to the Court, the results have already been  coming in from this effort.   I did an article some time ago that we had pretty thoroughly fact- checked, red-teamed, and reviewed that at the time said there were 72  decisions by the U.S. Supreme Court, under Chief Justice Roberts, that  had the following characteristics: One, they were 5-to-4 decisions--the  narrowest, barest majority. Ordinarily, a Supreme Court likes to see  bigger majorities than that because it is conducive to the integrity  and strength and credibility of the Court. There were 72 5-to-4  decisions.   They had an additional characteristic in that they were not just 5 to  4 but a partisan 5 to 4. No Democratic appointee joined the 5. So,  again, if you are an institutionalist, you look at that, and you think,  hmm, maybe that is not the Court putting its best foot forward. That is  an awful lot of partisan 5-to-4 decisions.   Then the third characteristic is that you can identify quite readily  in those cases a big Republican donor's interest--something that one  would want by way of an outcome. What we calculated at the time in that  article is that the score in those 72 5-to-4 partisan decisions with a  big Republican donor's interest implicated was 72 to 0--some pitching  balls and calling balls and strikes. It was 72 to 0. That is a route,  and we have been tracking it since then. I put the number now to 80 to  0 because the article was written some time ago. So now we are at 80  partisan 5-to-4 cases in which a big Republican donor's interest was  implicated and in which, by 80 to 0, the Big Interests won.   Now, some of these are pretty flagrant. I think Citizens United is  going to go down in history as a disgraceful decision of the U.S.  Supreme Court, sort of the political equivalent of Lochner.   Shelby County, in which the Court made up facts in order to strip a  section out of the Voting Rights Act, in turn, unleashed voter  suppression laws across the States that had been held back by the  preclearance provisions that the Court summarily decided 5 to 4 that it  didn't like any longer.   Janus, which is the case that took down a 40-year-old precedent  involving labor law in which legal groups had an astonishing role,  actually went through four cases along the way. It is a long saga, and  I won't burden this speech with that now. At the end of the day, the  lawyers for the labor movement, while walking up to the Supreme Court  for argument that day, knew perfectly well how the Court was going to  rule. That is not how courts should operate   Heller, the gun case, was 5 to 4. A former Supreme Court Justice had  described the theory that Heller had adopted as a fraud on the public,  but Heller turned a fraud on the public into the law of the land. Guess  what--the NRA is very active as a donor in these fights. The NRA was  all over the Kavanaugh nomination in particular.   So you had these flagrant decisions, and I just mentioned those 4,  but there are 80. That leaves 76 others. They are usually--often, I  should say--about power. They are often about moving power into  corporations, expanding corporate power, allowing unlimited money into  elections--allowing dark, anonymous, unlimited money to operate in  elections.   Who benefits from that? Entities with unlimited money and a motive to  spend it like, say, the fossil fuel industry.   As for intervening in elections and allowing bulk gerrymandering to  proceed, multiple courts have figured out how to stop that nefarious  practice. It is, actually, not complicated when you are dealing with  bulk gerrymandering and how to stop it and, over and over again, the  bulk gerrymandering efforts to take an entire delegation and try to  cook it so that it doesn't represent the popular vote in that State.   Over and over again, courts have seen through that. They figured out  how to respond to it until it got to the Supreme Court. Then, with 5 to  4, sorry, folks, we are not going to take an interest in that. Keep at  it. Voter suppression will tear down the preclearance provisions of the  Voting Rights Act. All of this election mischief that leans heavily to  supporting the Republican side has been supported.   With deregulation, if you are a big polluter and if you are a big  donor, you probably don't like regulatory agencies. You probably would  like to have some more freedom from regulatory agencies. Over and over  again, these decisions try to hurt the independence  [[Page S6543]]  and strength of regulatory agencies--over and over.   Then the last is the civil jury. My God, the civil jury is in the  Constitution, for Pete's sake. We fought so hard over the civil jury  that people didn't want to adopt the Constitution until there was a  Seventh Amendment that protected it in the Bill of Rights. Protecting  the civil jury was in the Declaration of Independence. Interference of  the civil jury by the Crown was a cause of war in the Revolutionary  Era.   The civil jury is an institution of governance in this country. It is  a big deal. Yet these supposed originalists on the Court keep tearing  down, whittling away, diminishing, and degrading the civil jury  because--guess what--if you are a big, powerful, well-funded lobbyist,  greased corporation, or interest group, you can march around this place  like a King, throwing your money around, getting everybody to bow and  scrape for you, with lobbyists smoothing the path for you. You can  wander into the executive branch if you have the right control and get  your stooges appointed to the regulatory agencies. You can be powerful.  You can get your way.   Then you have to suffer the indignity of showing up in a courtroom  where you have to be treated equally before the law, where what you say  has to be put to the test of perjury, where you have to turn over your  real documents and not phonied-up position papers, where, if you tamper  with the jury, it is a crime.   No wonder big special interests don't like civil juries, and no  wonder this Court, 5 to 4, over and over again, chops away at the  institution of the civil jury, but don't tell me that you are being an  institutionalist or an originalist when you are attacking an  institution in the Constitution--in the Seventh Amendment, the Bill of  Rights. That is the work that these 80 5-to-4 partisan decisions have  been doing. It has been to turn this Court, more and more, into the  servant of big corporations. Guess what. Americans are paying  attention.   There was a poll a little while ago that asked whether the Supreme  Court favors corporations more than people or people more than  corporations. The poll showed, 49 to 7, that 7 times as many Americans  think the Supreme Court views corporations more favorably than people  than say the Court views people more favorably than corporations. So  something is out. Something is up. A foul wind is blowing. There is way  too much anonymous money in and around this Court process.   It is, by the way, at the same time, the only Court that does not  have a code of ethics in the Federal system. When Judge Barrett is  elevated from her circuit court to the Supreme Court, she will go from  a court that has a judicial code of conduct to a Court that does not.  She will go from a court that requires the transparent disclosure of  gifts, travel, and hospitality to a Court that requires less disclosure  not only than circuit courts but less disclosure than Cabinet officials  and less disclosure than Members of Congress. The highest Court has the  lowest standards for ethics and transparency.   So, to all of my colleagues who have given speeches about the  integrity and value of the Supreme Court and our judicial branch, I  hope you will help us as we try to look at what on Earth is exactly  going on over there--why amici curiae show up in Court without  disclosing who they are really there for; why $17-plus million checks  are being written by anonymous individuals, what the relationship is  between the $250 million that poured into Leonard Leo's effort and who  got chosen, and what the expectations were of the people who spent $250  million to influence the makeup of the Supreme Court; and why the  highest Court has the lowest standards for ethics and for transparency.   We are not in a good place right now with this Court. The things that  are happening are truly bizarre, unprecedented. It is bad enough that  there should be dark money in elections--but dark money in judicial  selections? Please defend that if you think that is right. If you think  that big special interests should be able to write big, anonymous  checks and, thereby, gain a voice in the composition of the U.S.  Supreme Court, please come and defend that proposition, because I don't  think you can.   It has never been the case in the Supreme Court before. It has never  been the case in the circuit courts of appeal before. It has never been  the case in State supreme courts, in my experience.   The dark-money influence in and around the Court is unprecedented,  and it is wrong, and the American people are entitled to the truth  about it.   I see I have gone into my next speaker's time a bit. So I will yield  the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   