 Madam President, as we think back over these last  weeks, when we have sat together on the floor considering evidence and  sitting in judgment as jurors and judges, spending countless hours  deliberating, I often think about what I will remember from these days  on a very personal level.   It has been a historic event, but in some ways, the human element  strikes  [[Page S819]]  me as the most memorable. I will remember vividly the bravery of  dedicated public servants who had everything to lose and nothing to  gain by telling the American people the truth about Donald Trump and  his scheme to corruptly use power for his personal benefit. Their  courage, their grace under pressure, their dignity, and unshakeable  honesty should be a model for all of us.   I will remember, for example, LTC Alexander Vindman, whose video  appeared before us, a man who was brought to the United States at the  age of 3 and grew to love this country so much that he put his life at  risk in combat and then his career at risk by coming before the  Congress.   I will remember Fiona Hill, the daughter of a coal miner and nurse,  who proceeded to get a Ph.D., swear an oath to this country, serving in  both Republican and Democratic administrations, warning us not to  peddle the ``fictional narrative . . . perpetrated and propagated,'' as  she said, ``by the Russian security services themselves'' about this  supposed Ukrainian effort to meddle in our election. I will remember  very vividly Ambassador William Taylor, West Point graduate and  decorated Vietnam war veteran, who testified that he thought it was  ``crazy to withhold security assistance for help with a political  campaign.''   I will remember the whistleblower who came forward to express shock  and alarm that the President of the United States would attempt to  extort a vulnerable, fledgling democracy to help him cheat in the next  election in exchange for the foreign military aid they so desperately  needed to fight their adversary, Russia, and our adversary, Russia,  attacking and killing their young men and women.   I have met some of those young men and women who came to Connecticut  to the Burn Center at Bridgeport Hospital, so badly injured they could  barely talk, and the stories of their suffering and hardship came back  to me, as I sat on the floor here, and their courage and their bravery  and strength also will stay with me.   I will remember the moment that we raised our hands and took an oath  to be impartial, all 100 of us--99--at the same time, in a historic  moment when the weight of that responsibility shook me like a rock. I  will also remember the shame and sadness that I felt when this body-- supposedly, the greatest deliberative body in the history of the  world--voted to close its eyes, to put on blinders to evidence,  witnesses, and documents; firsthand knowledge, eyes and ears on the  President, black and white--documents don't lie--that were necessary to  understand the complete story and give the American people the complete  truth. That moment--unfortunately, a moment of dismay and  disappointment--will stay with me as well, after aspiring for so long  to be part of this body, which I respected and revered, so utterly  failing the American people at this moment of crisis.   And I will remember audible gasps, some laughs, and raised eyebrows  in this Chamber when Professor Alan Dershowitz made the incredible,  shocking argument that a President who believes that his own reelection  serves the public interest can do anything he wants, and his actions  are not impeachable. The implications of that argument for the future  of our democracy are simply indescribable.   I have been a trial lawyer. I have spent most of my career in and out  of the courtroom. So I can argue the legalities. But I am not here to  rehash the legal arguments, because culpability here seems pretty clear  to me. The President solicited a bribe when he sought a personal  benefit and investigation of his political opponent, a smear of his  rival, in exchange for an official act--in fact, two official acts: the  release of military funding for an ally and a White House meeting--in  return for that personal benefit. Those actions are a violation of  section 201, 18 United States Code, today. They were a violation of  criminal law at the time of the Framers, and that is why they put it in  the Constitution.   Bribery and treason are specifically mentioned. Bribery is included  as an abuse of power, as it was when Judge Porteous was convicted and  impeached. Many of the Members of this Chamber voted to impeach him,  although bribery was never mentioned in the articles charging him with  abuse of power.   The idea that bribery or any crime has to be mentioned for there to  be an abuse of power is clearly preposterous. In my view, the elements  of bribery have been proved beyond a reasonable doubt, and there is no  excuse for that criminal conduct. I am going to submit a detailed  statement for the Record that makes the legal case, but, clearly,  bribery has been committed by this President.   Looking beyond the legalities, what strikes me, perhaps, as most  telling here is the constant theme of secrecy--the fact that the  President kept his reasons for withholding aid a secret. Unlike other  suspensions of aid to other countries--like the Northern Triangle in  Central America or Egypt, where it was announced publicly and Congress  was notified--here, he kept it secret. He operated through his personal  attorney, Rudy Giuliani, in secret, not through the State Department,  not through the Department of Justice. Despite all of his claims of  corruption and wrongdoing by Hunter or Joe Biden, he either never went  to the Department of Justice or they declined to investigate because  there was no ``there'' there. Instead, he sought, secretly, the  investigation of a political rival through a foreign government,  targeting a U.S. citizen secretly.   His refusal to provide a single document to Congress, to allow a  single witness to testify, keeping their testimony and that evidence  secret, concealing it; his defiance of every subpoena in court,  effectively neutering Congress's oversight authority--our oversight  authority--to check any of these abuses, all of it is for the purpose  of secrecy.   His claim of absolute immunity is totally discredited and rejected by  the court because, as the court said in the McGahn case, he is not a  King.   His claim of executive privilege as the reason for keeping that  evidence secret--well, he never really invoked executive privilege, but  executive privilege cannot be invoked to conceal criminal conduct that  fits within the crime of a fraud exception.   And while the President's lawyers argued before this body that the  House should have gone to court to enforce those subpoenas instead of  resorting to the remedy of impeachment, they then had the audacity to,  simultaneously, at exactly the same time, argue in court that Congress  cannot seek a judicial remedy to enforce subpoenas because it has the  remedy of impeachment. They argued no jurisdiction because of  impeachment, and at the same time no access to evidence necessary for  impeachment because, supposedly, you can go to court. This duplicity is  absolutely stunning.   Again, I will say, just on a personal note as a prosecutor, it is a  dead giveaway. He is guilty. Regardless of what we do tomorrow, we know  for sure, in this great democracy, the truth will come out. It always  does. It is just a question of when. It comes out about all of us at  some point. And, for this President, the truth is coming out in  realtime, as we speak on this floor and as we vote tomorrow.   The revelations in the New York Times about what John Bolton has  written in his book indicate the truth is going to come out in mid- March with John Bolton's book, assuming the President doesn't try to  censor it and tie him up in court or exercise some prior restraint. It  will come out in congressional investigations when John Bolton and  others testify. It will come out because there are courageous men and  women, like Ambassador Taylor, Fiona Hill, Colonel Vindman, and others,  who are willing to put country ahead of their personal careers.   When my children grow up--and they are pretty well grown--I hope they  will be more like them than like the President. I never, ever thought I  would say that in the Senate of the United States, let alone anywhere,  because this President has shown that he will take advantage of every  opportunity for self-enrichment and self-aggrandizement. Whether it is  violating the emoluments clause--and I, along with 199 of my  colleagues, have sued him on that issue, making money from the  Presidency, profiting and putting profit ahead of his official duties,  or seeking to smear a political rival and soliciting a bribe. Even if  the aid went through and even if the investigation was never announced,  it is still a crime--putting that kind of self-benefit ahead of his  duty to the country and  [[Page S820]]  our national security, the welfare and fight of an ally at the tip of  the spear against a common adversary who is seeking to destroy Western  democracies. He is someone who has said: Show me the boundaries of the  law, and I will push them, and if I can successfully cross them, I will  do it again.   And he will do it again. Everyone in this Chamber knows it.   So, as we make this momentous decision, I implore each of my  colleagues to think about the gravity of what we will do if we fail to  convict this President, the message that we send to countries  struggling to overcome corruption, because America is more than just a  country. America is an idea and an ideal. When we implore them to fight  corruption, our credibility is shredded when we condone it at home.   The Framers, in their wisdom, knew that elections every 4 years were  an inadequate check against any President who corruptly abuses power  for personal gain. And this situation and this President are exactly  what they feared when our young infant country was struggling to avoid  foreign interference in our elections. It was their worst nightmare,  foreign interference, the threat of foreign meddling--exactly what this  President has invited.   It was delegate William Davie of North Carolina who said: ``If he be  not impeachable whilst in office, he will spare no effort or means  whatever to get himself re-elected.'' It was precisely cheating in a  future election, foreign interference in our domestic affairs, that the  Framers established impeachment to prevent. That is why the remedy  exists, and that is why we must use it now.   History will judge us harshly if we fail in this historic challenge.  History will haunt the colleagues who fail to meet this challenge, who  lack the courage that was demonstrated by those heroes: Taylor,  Vindman, Hill, Cooper, and others. And they will continue to serve our  country. The truth will come out.   The heroes of this darker era will be our independent judiciary and  our free press. They will continue uncovering the truth. They will  continue providing freedom of information material under the law. They  will continue to protect civil rights and civil liberties. They will  continue their vigilance, even if we fail in ours.   But we have this task now. History will sit in judgment of us, and  the future of our Republic will be in jeopardy if we fail tomorrow to  do the right thing.   I yield the floor.   