 Mr. Speaker, this body must advance urgently needed  coronavirus assistance.   Secretary of Health and Human Services Alex Azar said, ``Every death  we experience is a tragedy.'' When he said it, the United States had  just hit the grim milestone of 100,000 souls lost from the COVID  pandemic. That was mid-May, around the same time Democrats advanced the  HEROES Act in the House. In the 4 months that followed, 100,000 more  Americans have died as the epidemic has spiraled out of control, and  chaos has continued to reign from the White House.   We have reached the breaking point. Plain and simple, it is time for  the Senate to pass our comprehensive rescue package or offer a real  alternative of their own. No more waiting. No more excuses.   Throughout this crisis, the Senate majority has abdicated  responsibility to this President's insufficient leadership and papered  over his deadly shortcomings. For the lives and livelihood of every one  of my constituents, I beg my colleagues on the other side of the  Capitol to seize this moment to follow a new guide.    Let that guide be science. Let it be truth, because politics, really,  truly bad politics, has brought America low in the face of this crisis.  But it is not too late.   On January 22, President Trump tweeted ``China has been working very  hard to contain the coronavirus. The United States greatly appreciates  their efforts and transparency.'' He made similar remarks again on  January 30 and on February 7. The very same day President Trump was  privately admitting to journalist Bob Woodward that the coronavirus is  an airborne pathogen more deadly than the flu.   Despite his full awareness of the danger, he kept going, praising  China and publicly downplaying the coronavirus threat. Politico has  found at least 15 examples of President Trump publicly praising China's  coronavirus response during this period, including on February 10, 13,  18, 23, 26, 27, and 29. He said it over and over.   In the following weeks and months, he would repeatedly downplay the  danger and suggest, fully aware of his deception, that this virus was  comparable to a seasonal flu.   President Trump's deception on these matters is not opinion, he was  recorded. He is literally on the record saying that he intended to  downplay this disease and deny the American people the information we  would need to make vital decisions for ourselves, our families, our  communities, and indeed, our Nation.   Every death that resulted from this was a tragedy. In February,  President Trump said, ``It is going to disappear one day. It is like a  miracle, it will disappear.'' He knew better.   At this point the virus had been given nearly 2 months to circulate  unchecked. Americans were still going about our daily lives, flocking  to movie theaters, churches, synagogues, going to Mardi Gras, going on  spring break, unaware of the true extent of the threats spreading all  around us.   On March 11, President Trump took only his second major national  step, another travel ban. It was around this time that Congress stepped  up the scale of our response to this threat. We moved quickly to pass  the CARES Act, including delivering emergency funds for America's  hospital and staff, small business owners, laid off workers, and  everyday Americans facing unprecedented fear and uncertainty.   The CARES Act was a rescue plan. It wasn't perfect, but it was  America's first real effort to stem the tide. That rescue was powerful,  but it was no substitute for executive leadership. Sadly, we are still  waiting for executive leadership.   Between March and May, America saw its death toll skyrocket past  100,000. The Members of this Chamber again moved swiftly to advance  another rescue package, the HEROES Act. Since the House passed the  HEROES Act on May 15, more than 110,000 Americans have died of COVID- 19.   For comparison, this is the equivalent of losing every soul living in  Albany, New York, our State capital, that I represent. And that is just  the recorded death toll since mid-May.   Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell responded that States should  file for bankruptcy instead, and the Senate would wait and see. Wait  for what? Haven't we seen? We have waited 4 months and paid dearly for  it. Enough of this craven politics.   Senators, consider your oath to the people you serve. What will you  say when they ask what you did to stop this disease from stealing their  loved ones; from destroying their small business? What will you say to  the teachers that are being laid off as States and cities drastically  cut their budgets? From undermining America's standing in the world?   To my colleagues, I say this: We have a plan. Join us. Let's invest  heavily in research and follow science and public health guidance. They  are the fastest route to get us to the other side of this crisis. Our  HEROES Act gets it done.   Let's deliver emergency funding to sustain local essential services,  and the salaries of first responders, nurses, teachers, infrastructure  maintenance workers, and many more. The HEROES Act gets that done, too.  Let's save lives and turn the corner on this crisis with a coordinated  national plan for testing and tracing. The HEROES Act gets it done.   Let's deliver the financial support our essential workers, unemployed  workers, and financially strained Americans need to weather the storm.  The HEROES Act gets it done. Let's rescue our schools, our healthcare  providers, our first responders, our hungriest families. The Republican  skinny bill just doesn't get it done. I say pass the HEROES Act.   