 Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in support of H.R. 2246, a bill  to designate the United States Postal Service facility at 201 West  Cherokee Street in Brookhaven, Mississippi, as the Deputy Donald  William Durr, Corporal Zach Moak, and Patrolman James White Memorial  Post Office Building. These three men lost their lives in the line of  duty, and with the passage of this legislation, we will ensure that  their sacrifice is not forgotten.   Donald William Durr, age 36, died in the line of duty May 27, 2017.  William was a deputy with the Lincoln County Sheriff's Department where  he had been employed for 2 years after serving as a police officer with  the Brookhaven Police Department for 4 years. William is survived by  his wife, one son, his mother, and his sister.   James White, age 35, died in the line of duty September 29, 2018, by  gunfire. James was employed with the Brookhaven Police Department for 3  months and was previously employed with the Lawrence County Sheriff's  Department where he worked many years. He was a soldier in the Army  National Guard and served his country in Operation Iraqi Freedom. James  was also a Purple Heart recipient and was the father of two.   Zach Moak, age 31, died in the line of duty September 29, 2018, by  gunfire. Zach was employed with the Brookhaven Police Department for 3  years. He previously worked for Wesson and the Lincoln County Sheriff's  Departments. Zach enjoyed spending time working, helping people in his  community, and in the company of his family.   President Ronald Reagan once said there could be no more nobler  vocation than the protection of one's fellow citizens. No single group  is more fully committed to the well-being of their fellow Americans and  to the faithful discharge of duties than our law enforcement. Law  enforcement we know lives by creed. That creed is to serve and to  protect. In the performance of their duty, danger is a routine part of  their job, and we, on occasion, lose some valiant men and women.   Because of the sacrifice of these three officers, we want to make  sure that their valiant deeds will never be forgotten.   I hope you will join me in supporting this legislation to dedicate  this post office in the memory of three heroes who gave their lives in  honorable service to their community.   