 Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the Child  Care for Economic Recovery Act.   Even before the pandemic, childcare in Pennsylvania cost twice what  is considered affordable, and working families struggled with a  shortage of quality care. Now, Pennsylvania could lose half of its  childcare supply due to the pandemic.   This bill funds improvements to help childcare centers reopen and  operate safely and addresses longstanding barriers to help families  secure quality care.   We should invest now to upgrade childcare facilities of all sizes and  ensure children have a safe place to be.   We must act to protect children and the providers who care for them.   I would like to close by thanking all the childcare workers who  provide essential services to American families. Now, let's pass this  bill.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I rise to honor truly a great American, a real-life hero, who I was  fortunate enough to have as a colleague for 4 years, including the 2  years serving together on the Ways and Means Committee. Congressman  John Lewis has been an inspiration to me from a very young age.   I remember the first time I saw him on the Walter Cronkite evening  news. He was walking across the Pettus Bridge in Selma. I felt very  strongly about him and what he was doing. Madam Speaker, I was 10 years  old, and I found him to be inspiring. He was purposeful. He was driven  to make a difference. He was driven for ``good trouble.''   As a result of his action and because of the action of another  gentleman who was a part of the Big Six, Whitney Young, I worked at the  Urban League. I recall being elected to the Pennsylvania State House at  26 years of age, and it was John Lewis that inspired me, though I had  never been to Alabama, but I had seen him on television. I remember  that impression that he left upon me, because--although I had heard all  the words I have heard today--I had never seen such determination.   So you can imagine growing up in the city of Philadelphia in  Pennsylvania, him from Selma, Alabama, and the influence he was having.   I also honored him by welcoming Congressman Lewis to the southeast  part of Pennsylvania for a gun reform ceasefire. I recall introducing  him. I recall all of that.   But now, Madam Speaker, we must carry on his work of civil rights,  equal opportunity. Most of all, we must rededicate ourselves to  protecting the right to vote and making use of hard-won rights, a right  for which John Lewis and many others sacrificed for all of us.   So I say to you, Madam Speaker and Mr. Chairman, he should rest in  peace and power.   