 During our meeting, during our call on       September 8, Ambassador Sondland tried to explain to me that       President Trump is a businessman. When a businessman is about       to sign a check to someone who owes him something, the       businessman asks that person to pay up before signing the       check. Ambassador Volker used the same language several days       later while we were together at the Yalta European strategy       conference. I argued to both that the explanation made no       sense. Ukrainians did not owe President Trump anything.    Mr. Manager SCHIFF. This is very telling. Ambassador Taylor, a  Vietnam veteran, a West Point graduate, said that Ukrainians didn't owe  us anything. Clearly, Donald Trump felt Ukrainians owed him, right?   This is not about Ukraine's national security. It is not about our  national security. It is not about corruption. No, it is about what is  in it for me. Those Ukrainians owe me before I sign a check.   And, by the way, that is not his money. That is your money. That is  the American people's money for their defense.   But here we see Ambassador Sondland explain: No, President Trump is a  businessman. Before he even signs a check, he wants to get something,  and, of course, that something he was going to sign that check for or  he was going to make that payment for, with our tax dollars--that thing  that he was going to buy with those tax dollars--was a smear of his  opponent and an effort to lift whatever cloud he felt was over his  Presidency because of the Russian interference on his behalf in the  last election.   The President has offered an assortment of shifting explanations  after the fact for the hold on aid, including that he withheld the  money because of corruption in Ukraine or concerns about burden-sharing  with other European countries. But those arguments are completely  without merit.   First, the President's own administration had determined by the time  of the hold that Ukraine had undertaken all necessary anti-corruption  and defense reforms in order to receive the funds. The Defense  Department and State Department officials repeatedly made this clear as  the hold remained and threatened the ability of the agency to spend the  money before the end of the fiscal year.   Second, the evidence revealed that the President only asked about the  foreign contributions to Ukraine in September, nearly 2 months after  the President implemented the hold and as it became clear that the  public, Congress, and a whistleblower were becoming aware of the  President's scheme.   The after-the-fact effort to come up with a justification also belies  the truth. The European countries provide far more financial support to  Ukraine than the United States. Their support is largely economic. Ours  also includes a lot of military support, but Europe is a substantial  financial backer of Ukraine.   There is something else remarkable about this that I was struck by  yesterday as we were going through the importance of the witness  testimony and looking at some of those redacted emails in which the  administration sought to hide its misconduct.   In those redactions, when we got to see what was beneath them, there  was an indication that this is very close-hold. This is a need-to-know  basis only. Do you remember that? We will show you that again, but it  is one of those emails that only came to light, I believe, recently,  and it is not because the administration wanted you to see this  information. We see there is a desire not to let people know about this  hold.   If the President were fighting corruption, if he wanted Europeans to  pay more, why would he hide it from us? Why would he hide it from the  Ukrainians? Why would he hide it from the rest of the world? If this  were a desire for Europe to pay more, why wouldn't he charge Sondland  to go ask Europe for more? Why wouldn't he be proud to tell the  Congress of the United States: I am holding up this aid, and I am  holding it up because I am holding up corruption?   Why wouldn't he? Because, of course, it wasn't true. There is no  evidence of that.   And, once more, the White House admitted why the President held up  the money. The President's own Chief of Staff explained precisely why  during the October 17 press conference. Let's see, again, what he had  to say.   (Text of Videotape presentation.)         