 DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support  of this legislation that is long overdue. As a matter of fact, people  like me have been fighting these issues for years and years. Now, we  get an opportunity to actually vote.   I want to thank Chairman Nadler and Chairman Bass for giving us the  opportunity to vote on what might become and should be the most  important legislation we will pass this year, because it does say that  Black lives, and all lives, matter.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the George Floyd Justice in  Policing Act. I am an original co-sponsor of The Justice in Policing  Act which will for the first time ever under federal law:   1. establish national standard for the operation of police  departments;   2. mandate data collection on police encounters;   3. reprogram existing funds to invest in transformative community- based policing programs;   4. streamline federal law to prosecute excessive force and establish  independent prosecutors for police investigations;   5. make Lynching a federal crime to conspire to violate existing  federal hate crime laws.   Among other specifics it will: make it easier for the federal  government to successfully prosecute police misconduct cases, end  racial and religious profiling, and eliminate qualified immunity for  law enforcement.   The bill incentivizes the use of independent prosecutors for police  misconduct investigations, helps take equipment made for war off of our  streets, and requires the use of body and dashboard cameras. The  legislation bans the use of choke holds and no-knock warrants the  federal level and encourages states to do the same.   This bill contains no new federal funds for policing except where  constitutionally-mandated for data collection and conditions access to  federal grants based on a state's willingness to adopt the  transformative provisions in the bill. Instead it reprograms existing  grants to law enforcement and reinvests in our communities by  supporting critical community-based programs to change the culture of  law enforcement and empower our communities to reimagine public safety  in an equitable and just manner.   The ``Executive Order'' signed by President Trump recently was too  little, too late. Surrounded by bellicose declarations of ``law and  order'' in the face of persistent and on-going murder of Black men and  women, especially our youth, it was nothing less than an insult and an  attempt to deny the demands put forward by more than three weeks of  protest and calls for real change by hundreds of thousands in more than  100 cities, towns and villages in every state of the union.   I view the Justice in Policing Act as a long overdue minimum federal  action to address 400 years of terrorism against the African American  community and other oppressed communities and our responsibility as  Members of Congress to utilize the power of the voice of the people in  streets in every corner of our nation to take decisive and meaningful  steps to redress the centuries of brutalization of our people.   