 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, for the second Monday now in a row, we  have received tremendous news about the prospects for a COVID vaccine.   Last week, Pfizer announced that the initial results of its COVID  vaccine showed a greater than 90-percent rate of effectiveness. And  yesterday, Moderna announced its COVID vaccine is showing a similarly  high effectiveness rate, raising the possibility that not one but two  COVID vaccines may be available in the very near future.   This success is a tribute to the innovative power of the private  sector and the efforts of Congress and the Trump administration to  expedite development of COVID vaccines. Operation Warp Speed has helped  fund development of Moderna's vaccine and will help fund distribution  of both Moderna's and Pfizer's products.   While vaccine trials and development continue, so does research into  new COVID treatments. Drugmaker Eli Lilly just received emergency use  authorization for an antibody drug that will be used to treat COVID in  patients with mild or moderate illness. Another company, Regeneron, has  also filed for emergency use authorization for a potential antibody  treatment. And there are a lot of other clinical trials going on right  now for COVID vaccines and therapeutics, meaning there may be more good  news to come.   Meanwhile, we are also strengthening domestic production of personal  protective equipment for medical personnel and other essential workers.   And 3M, which manufactures N95 masks, received two contracts under  the Defense Production Act to expand N95 production. I recently visited  the 3M plant in Aberdeen, SD, to celebrate the opening of the plant's  new N95 manufacturing lines. These new lines will help 3M's N95  production increase from 22 million to more than 95 million respirators  per month. That is critical progress on the PPE front, not to mention  the jobs that are being created.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I request the yeas and nays.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from Iowa (Mr. Grassley),  and the Senator from Florida (Mr. Scott).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea,'' the Senator from Iowa (Mr.  Grassley) would have voted ``yea,'' and the Senator from Florida (Mr.  Scott) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from Iowa (Mr. Grassley),  and the Senator from Florida (Mr. Scott).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea,'' the Senator from Iowa (Mr.  Grassley) would have voted ``yea,'' and the Senator from Florida (Mr.  Scott) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from Iowa (Mr. Grassley),  and the Senator from Florida (Mr. Scott).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea'', the Senator from Iowa (Mr.  Grassley) would have voted ``yea'', and the Senator from Florida (Mr.  Scott) would have voted ``yea''.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  mandatory quorum call with respect to the Shelton nomination be waived.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from Iowa (Mr. Grassley),  and the Senator from Florida (Mr. Scott).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``nay,'' the Senator from Florida (Mr.  Scott) would have voted ``yea,'' and the Senator from Iowa (Mr.  Grassley) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from Iowa (Mr. Grassley),  and the Senator from Florida (Mr. Scott).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea,'' the Senator from Iowa (Mr.  Grassley) would have voted ``yea,'' and the Senator from Florida (Mr.  Scott) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr.  Graham), the Senator from Iowa (Mr. Grassley), and the Senator from  Florida (Mr. Scott).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea,'' and the Senator from Iowa (Mr.  Grassley) would have voted ``yea.''   