 Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairwoman and the ranking member  for their leadership. I really want to give a strong statement of  support and thanks to my colleague, Dean Phillips, for the way in which  our offices have worked together and in which he and I have worked  together on this. I have nothing but positive things to say about him,  and I look forward to working on other measures to get, frankly, this  body back to the work of the American people and to make Congress work  again, to use a phrase that might be interesting. But we need to make  Congress work again for the American people.   This is a simple bill. It is a seven-page bill. We need more of that,  more single-subject bills that we can wrap our hands around and move  through the Chamber in ways that will impact American people's lives  without things being decided by a handful of people in back rooms that  cost trillions of dollars and have 2,000 and 3,000 pages.   That is a statement, frankly, on both sides of the aisle. We need to  find a way to work together, to have simple approaches to do the work  of the American people.    This piece of legislation, in particular, is important to me because  I represent about 2,300 restaurants and about 53,000 employees who work  there in central Texas. It is the most in Texas. It has to be pretty  high up nationwide. Austin, Texas, and San Antonio, Texas, both have a  great number of live music venues, as they are famously known, and my  wife and I have availed ourselves of them over our lives.   In fact, my courtship of my wife began in a lot of these places. Our  first date was at Stubb's Bar-B-Q in Austin, Texas, a great institution  for a Willie Nelson concert. We were at Threadgill's for our rehearsal  dinner in South Austin, Texas, with live music.   I represent the Broken Spoke. I represent Luckenbach, Texas, if you  remember the famous song. I represent a number of great restaurants in  San Antonio. The Cortez family has a bunch of restaurants in San  Antonio. Many of you, if you have been on the River Walk or have been  in downtown San Antonio, would have experienced these places. They are  a part of the culture of our lives, our fabric of what we do every day  when we visit with our families and our communities.   We need to save these great institutions and not just restaurants. I  am talking about the barbershops, the hair salons, the live music  venues, and the hotels that are struggling.   I just talked to a hotel operator an hour ago, just before coming  down here to the floor, who is struggling and said: Look, I can't make  it 8 weeks. I can't stay alive. I don't have enough heads on the  pillows. We are working toward reopening.   These are real businesses with real employees and real lives tied up  into this who are struggling.   The thing is, the PPP program has been a great success in getting  $650 billion out the door in a matter of weeks to help almost 4 million  businesses, as has been noted on the floor, and that is awesome. That  is fantastic. We should be proud of that. But as we work to get America  open again, we have to be mindful of the fact that times are continuing  to move on. These businesses are struggling, and they can't meet some  of these restrictions and deadlines.   I will note a little moment of partisanship perhaps, in that I  believe the unemployment insurance provision that was adopted is  actually the root of the problem because you can't pay people more not  to work than to work and then expect businesses to go back and rehire  people to meet the requirements we put in the bill to meet and hold  people in employment in the businesses. We need to address that. I hope  that as a body we will not extend that when it expires in July. This is  something I think is fundamentally important.    Mr. Speaker, one thing I want to point out here is that the  ranking member and the chair have gone through the provisions in the  bill. This is an important vote because we have to do this to help  small businesses, but it is an important vote because I think it gets  back to the heart of simple legislating and working together to  accomplish things.   Let's provide the flexibility for businesses. Let's make sure that we  let America open. But let's work together to solve the problems of the  American people together, like Mr. Phillips and I did. I am proud to  cosponsor this with him.   Mr. Speaker, I hope the Senate will take this up and move it  expeditiously so that we can help businesses this week. There is no  reason to delay that.   