 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding, and  I want to congratulate him on a tremendous record of service to our  Nation and to our men and women in uniform. It seems fitting that this  piece of legislation would be named after him.   It should be no secret to anyone in this Congress about the threat  that the Chinese Communist Party poses to Unites States national  security interests and to the freedoms and values that Americans enjoy.   President Trump demonstrated tremendous leadership by preparing the  Nation for a new era of great power competition with the 2017 National  Security Strategy. This year's NDAA upholds the ideals of the National  Security Strategy more than ever and asserts U.S. leadership in the  face of CCP aggression domestically and around the world.   It is well documented that the Chinese Government's mismanagement of  the novel coronavirus spread the virus worldwide; that the Chinese  Government is engaging in human rights  [[Page H3327]]  abuses towards ethnic populations in China and politically suppressing  voices in Hong Kong; that the Chinese Government has a strategy to  consolidate manufacturing supply chains that hit all aspects of the  U.S. economy; and that the Chinese Government is seeking to dominate  next-generation communication hardware, steal United States technology  and research, and censor the real truth about the Chinese Community  Party's intentions and actions that run counter to American values of  freedom and democracy. This defense bill takes several positive steps  on China that both Republicans and Democrats support.   The base bill includes funding for an initiative for the Indo-Pacific  to deter China, similar to the European Deterrence Initiative to deter  Russia.   The bill also increases funding in emergent technologies, such as  artificial intelligence, to maintain a technical edge against China,  and starts taking financial actions to reduce China's role at the World  Bank.   However, there is a lot more that needs to be done, and there were a  number of amendments that were offered that were ultimately not ruled  in order for consideration that would have helped American  competitiveness and safeguarded U.S. interests against the threat of  China. I won't name all these amendments because there are many of  them.   It is imperative that we pass this bill and counter the China threat.   