 Mr. Speaker, more than two weeks ago, I called  for more funding for the Paycheck Protection Program, which has  provided more than 1.6 million loans to small businesses across the  country. I strongly support rapid passage of the Paycheck Protection  Program and Health Care Enhancement Act to support small businesses and  our nation's health care professionals.   With this fourth Coronavirus response package, we have secured an  additional $310 billion for the Paycheck Protection Program, and $60  billion for Economic Injury Disaster Loans, to help more small  businesses survive and continue to pay their employees.   In order to reopen our country, more testing must be made available  so Americans can safely return to their normal lives and jobs. There is  a dedicated $25 billion in this legislation to prepare and ramp up  necessary testing to equip state and local decision makers with  critical information to reopen our communities and reignite our  economy. Finally, the $75 billion in additional funds will help  hospitals and health care workers on the front lines continue to take  care of those that are battling this illness.   It is critical that Congress continue working in a bipartisan manner  to provide aid, relief, and economic security to the nation. With this  in mind, I oppose passage of a resolution to establish a select  subcommittee that is duplicative, unnecessary, and most likely a  politically motivated tool to attack the President during an election  year. Continuing to work across the aisle to provide our country the  resources it needs is the only way forward.   I remain grateful to the incredible health care professionals, first  responders, and essential service employees who are working tirelessly  to keep our nation healthy. I also salute Americans who are following  guidelines and doing their part to flatten the curve for not only their  own health but for their neighbors.   The past few weeks have seen our nation unite to fight the  Coronavirus. While these times have been challenging for all, I know  that we will get through this.   