 Mr. Chair, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R. 3621,  a bill that has been misnamed as the Comprehensive CREDIT Act of 2020.  A more appropriate title of the bill would be the ``Incomplete and  Inaccurate Credit Act,'' because the bill's core purpose is to remove  critically important predictive data from credit reports.   Even worse, the bill would give unprecedented authority to the  Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to control, micromanage, and  politicize the development of credit scoring models.   This bill and its authors trust in the abilities of unelected  Washington bureaucrats to price risk for millions of Americans, which  will result in higher cost and fewer choices for consumers and will  harm low- and middle-income borrowers who are trying to build a credit  profile.   The accurate pricing of risk is an essential element of a functioning  economy. Pricing a loan, underwriting an insurance policy, or tailoring  a line of credit for a borrower all require a reliance on risk-based  metrics. Credit scores allow for a holistic view of a consumer's  history with financial products and allow an institution to understand  that consumer's ability to honor his or her obligations.   This bill would upend our current system of pricing risk by turning  over the private sector's creditworthiness models to the government and  placing a wildly unrealistic confidence in central planning rather than  free enterprise.   My Democrat colleagues continue to believe that a centralized  bureaucratic agency is the best and only option to fully protect  consumers. The irony is that this bill would result in much less  accurate credit scoring and would harm the very people my colleagues  purport to help.   If you think that private credit scoring is flawed and disadvantages  the borrowing public, just wait until the government is in charge. We  continue to see the CFPB's incompetence on full display, and credit  scoring will not be any different.   We need a credit reporting system that relies on accurate, risk- based, predictive metrics. Our goal should be to allow people with good  credit to have access to financial products at a reasonable price and  to provide means for people with lower scores to rebuild their credit  on a path to a more prosperous future.   Putting credit reporting metrics in the hands of unelected  bureaucrats and boxing out the private sector will make financial  products more expensive and less available for all citizens and have  detrimental downstream effects on our credit-based economy. Worse, it  risks politicizing credit scores instead of assigning scores based on  an accurate and fulsome credit history.   We should not replace the accountability of market forces and free  enterprise with the unaccountability of government bureaucracy. This  bill will politicize credit reporting by empowering an inherently  political agency.   The question is not whether the CFPB will fail our constituents; it  is how badly it will fail them.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill.   