 Mr. President, I want to talk today for a few minutes  about something that I don't think has gotten the attention it  deserves, and that is the many successes in foreign policy over the  last 4 years.  [[Page S7407]]    I think at the top of my list of foreign policy successes in terms of  unanticipated accomplishments that we would not have thought would  happen would be the Abraham accords that were signed at the White House  in September. This agreement paves the way for normalized relations  between Israel and the United Arab Emirates and Israel and Bahrain and  I believe really establishes a way where the rest of the Middle East  could hopefully follow this step in the right direction. I think not  only is this one of the most significant moves in decades to promote  peace and understanding in the Middle East, but, frankly, it probably  wouldn't have happened if we hadn't had a President who hadn't spent  years hearing how something like this was impossible. The President  believed it was possible, and it was because of his strong leadership  that the countries involved made it a priority to bridge the gap that  everyone thought was unbridgeable, that really had separated these  neighbors for generations.    What we see when we look at this and other events in recent times is  that when our friends become friends with each other, we win. The  United States wins when our friends also become friends with each  other.   This agreement can be a model for future progress in the region. It  is the first time in four decades that any Arab country has recognized  Israel, and you can see it is already making a difference. We had  debate on the floor yesterday about our continued partnership--our  defense partnership--with the United Arab Emirates, and this was,  obviously, an element in that debate. That partnership, over three  different administrations, produced something that nobody would have  anticipated in any of the earlier decades.   The President started his Middle East efforts by acknowledging  Jerusalem as the capital of Israel in his first year in office. A few  months later, he moved the U.S. Embassy there. Now, was this a new  idea? Absolutely not a new idea. American Presidents have been saying  for years that this was a good idea. Party platforms have said for  years that Israel should be able to have their capital in Jerusalem  acknowledged, but nobody had done it before. Congress had said  repeatedly this should happen, but it hadn't happened and didn't happen  until the Trump administration decided to make it happen.   Critics actually said that moving our embassy would hurt our  credibility in the region, and, 3 years later, the Abraham accords  proved that that was 100 percent wrong.   Another reason American credibility has soared in the Middle East is  that President Trump took a strong stance against Iran. He did that by  dealing with the nuclear agreement that President Obama and the Obama  administration had struck with Iran as a bad idea. It was an idea that  actually allowed Iran to eventually get a nuclear weapon and reduced  sanctions on the country's leaders as they continued to sponsor  terrorism around the world. In fact, he even returned substantial  amounts of money that we now know went, in large part, into terror- building network efforts.   The agreement was badly handled from the start. It didn't work after  we entered into it. We didn't enter into it in any kind of binding way  because it was clear, at the time, that if this agreement would have  been presented as a treaty, it had no chance of being approved by the  Senate.   So it was entered into, thinking: This is such a great idea that the  next President will just have to do it, whether the country is bound to  it or not.   The hard work of doing our work the right way makes a difference,  and, in fact, that agreement would have been changed before a Senate  would have considered ever approving it. But it would have been either  approved or not approved rather than the process we went through, which  was a lot of Senate opposition but no response to that opposition.   President Trump put a spotlight on the deal's failure to protect our  national security. He took a strong new approach to applying maximum  pressure on the Iranian regime, and it has had impact. Eventually, that  new view led to eliminating Qasem Soleimani, who was clearly the  architect of Iran's terrorist activities and the attacks on Americans.  There has been no doubt about that for a long time. Iran was the No. 1  state sponsor of terrorism. General Soleimani was the No. 1 architect  of that state sponsorship of terrorism, and the President was willing  to do what needed to be done there. The world is a safer place with him  gone. Iran knows that we will not turn a blind eye on aggression or on  false promises or, often, even on things being said that, on the face  of them, are clearly not true and the world community is expected to  agree with them, and, frankly, in the case of Iran, often decides that  the best course is to agree to the things that you know are not true  which are presented as if they are true and accepted as if they are  true. This doesn't get you where you want. Accommodating or rewarding  our enemies doesn't advance peace in the Middle East or anywhere else.  Supporting our allies and building stronger alliances and holding  terrorists accountable does.   Stronger alliances are also a goal of the Trump administration's new  focus on the Indo-Pacific region. The President recognized that China  is the greatest threat to democracy and freedom in the world. He  understands that America cannot counter that threat alone, and because  of that, has reached out in meaningful ways. While other  administrations have said they would pivot to the Pacific, the Trump  administration actually oversaw a period of renewed engagement in the  area and renewed branding of the area that indicated that the Indo- Pacific is now that command and the Indo-Pacific is now that focus. We  have strengthened our alliances with India and with Australia and other  countries in the region. We began working to foster a multilateral  community--one that will protect the free and open nature of the region  from the threat of China.   I was just reading in the news today that China clearly is sending a  message in Hong Kong: If you don't want to be in jail and you are for  Hong Kong freedom, you just need to leave right now. And, apparently,  they are willing to help you get to where your thoughts don't impact  others who are willing to live under--and, maybe, have no choice but to  live under--the repression of China.   The President also took action to strengthen global security and  stability by asking our allies to pull their weight. For too many  years, other countries seemed content to let American taxpayers bear  the cost of defending freedom everywhere in the world. President Trump  challenged the other members of NATO to meet the organization's  guideline of spending 2 percent of their gross domestic product on  defense. Our allies stepped up in many cases and did better than they  had been doing.    In 2016, just 4 of the 28 countries in NATO met the 2 percent  guideline--4 out of 28. Today, that number is still not at 28, but it  is at 10 countries that now exceed the guideline. Remember, four  countries met the guideline 3 years and 10 months ago. Ten countries  have now exceeded the guideline, and every country in the alliance with  a military has increased its defense spending.   That is important progress, and it wouldn't have happened if the  President of the United States had not been willing to say the obvious,  and, frankly, be very direct about it and make himself an uncomfortable  partner at the negotiating table. But if what you are uncomfortable  about is that you are willing to say, ``Do what you have agreed to  do,'' it is about time somebody not only said, ``Do what you have  agreed to do,'' but said it in a way that other countries took it  seriously.   The President sought to address imbalances and protect U.S. interests  in the area of global trade. The Trump administration replaced the  NAFTA agreement with a new trade deal with Mexico and Canada. NAFTA was  great for all three countries, but it needed to be improved. It needed  to be updated, and now it has been.   In my State, Missouri, those two countries are our two biggest  trading partners, and that is the case for the United States. Mexico  and then Canada dwarf trade with almost every other country in the  world as they trade with the United States, and the new agreement will  lead to more jobs and bigger paychecks in all three countries. Our goal  in our neighborhood should be not  [[Page S7408]]  just to make ourselves stronger but to make our neighbors stronger,  because we are stronger when our neighbors are stronger.   Nationwide, exports are expected to grow by $2.2 billion under the  USMCA. And our trade relationship with Japan, the world's third largest  economy, is even stronger, thanks to a new agreement that went into  effect at the start of the year.   So it is clear that there has been lots of activity in America's  foreign policy over the past 4 years. There has been a lot of important  progress and a lot of success stories, and an awful lot of it was done  in a very unconventional way. So, frankly, it just doesn't get covered  by the traditional trade press or the traditional foreign policy press  or the traditional defense press in ways that really the results should  produce.   These are not areas that get the attention that they deserve. I  think, when people look back at the 4 years that we have just completed  in foreign policy, they are going to look at what has happened,  understand it in the context of what was happening, and I am sure they  will believe that these items I talked about today led to a stronger  and safer country as we approach the years ahead of us.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Thank you, Chairman Roberts. I was pleased the Rules  Committee favorably approved H.R. 2420, the National Museum of the  American Latino Act, earlier this month.   There is no doubt the stories of the American Latino are important  and must be told more fully than they have been in the past. I want to  commend Senators Cornyn and Menendez on their diligent efforts to get  here. I know it has been a long road.   In order to keep this legislation moving forward, I agree with  Chairman Roberts on the need to state for the record the importance of  the U.S. Department of Agriculture's historic main headquarters.   While that building is listed in the bill as a potential location for  the museum, the Senate recognizes the extreme imposition this would  place on the Department and the people it serves.   As a member of the Appropriations Subcommittee for Agriculture--and  that subcommittee's former ranking member--I couldn't agree more with  Chairman Roberts that the work of the USDA is crucially important to  Missouri, to Kansas, to the Nation, and the international community as  well. Clearly, that work would be disrupted if the USDA and its staff  were forced to relocate.   I join Chairman Roberts in encouraging the Smithsonian's board of  regents to recognize the role and expanse of the USDA when selecting a  location for the museum and to look for a more appropriate site for the  museum.   I now yield to the Senior Senator from Texas, an early champion of  this legislation, for his remarks.   