 Madam Speaker, I am worried that, once again, we are not  rising to the occasion as the American people continue to suffer from  both this health crisis and the subsequent economic disaster. As the  American people continue to call for justice for their fellow  Americans, we are back here in D.C., for the first time in 7 weeks, and  not one item on the Speaker's docket is to answer the American's people  call or provide them relief. I am disappointed because I know that we  can do better.   Madam Speaker, 2020 has been a tough year, but we have seen some  wonderful moments of bipartisanship. In the early months of this  pandemic, Republicans and Democrats came together to pass the CARES  Act, which created lifesaving programs for small businesses and helped  provide families financial relief.   Additionally, in response to calls for nationwide justice reform, I  introduced the bipartisan JUSTICE Act, legislation cosponsored by both  Republicans and Democrats that will improve our policing and  reestablish trust between our law enforcement officers and the  communities they serve.   Unfortunately, despite the JUSTICE Act's bipartisan nature, Democrat  leadership does not want to address this issue. Despite the CARES Act's  bipartisan nature, Democrat leadership continues to walk away from  relief package discussions. Partisanship has once again taken priority  over the needs of the American people.   Madam Speaker, if the previous question is defeated, we will take up  legislation that I introduced that will provide $850 million for better  training of police officers; $500 million to increase the number of  body cameras; and $1.2 billion in grants to police departments to  invest in community policing, which is the philosophy that you don't  police your community, you police with your community.   Madam Speaker, I said this on the House floor in August, and it is  unfortunate that I am saying this here once again in November: It is  time for this Congress to get back to work.   