 Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, since March, America's workers have faced  unprecedented volatility and uncertainty. Even before that, even before  the pandemic when unemployment rates were at record lows, there was  still a significant skills gap to close.   We have a responsibility here in Congress to create real solutions  for Americans, pathways and programs that will jump-start and enhance  their careers and allow them to provide for themselves and for their  families.   Knowing all this, I am dismayed that we would squander such an  opportunity as we have today to help Americans in need. We have a real  opportunity with this bill. There is strong bipartisan support for  apprenticeships in this body, and Republicans and Democrats both are  claiming they want to increase the number of apprenticeships available  in this country and expand apprenticeships into new industries.   Unfortunately, this bill falls woefully short in both of these  categories, but I have an amendment that would fix that. This amendment  would fix that. This amendment makes necessary improvements to achieve  the goals of modernization and reinvigoration of the national  apprenticeship system, changes that will increase opportunities for  workers and help bolster the Nation's economic recovery.   Unlike the many hollow claims put forward by my colleagues about  their proposal, this amendment expands the number of apprenticeship  opportunities in the registered model rather than permanently limiting  them by locking in the problems of a decade's-old system. My amendment  provides program sponsors with the necessary resources and freedom to  effectively instruct apprentices on the job.   While the underlying legislation piles on requirements that obstruct  first-time sponsors and small businesses from participating, this  substitute makes room for them so that the registered apprenticeship  program is ripe with opportunities for prospective apprentices from a  variety of employers. This amendment allows for innovation beyond the  traditional registered system, as well, to ensure that apprenticeship  offerings will be able to grow and change as quickly as our employment  market demands.   Work-based learning is one of the most promising paths forward for  workers seeking to find or enhance their careers. Such opportunities  meet workers where they are, place them in dynamic learning  environments, and develop their skills and competencies.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment that would transform  the registered apprenticeship program into a modern program generating  opportunities for American workers without the red tape and roadblocks  found in the underlying bill.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the  gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. Foxx), the ranking member of the  committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   