 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Oklahoma for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, our Founders used to ride days on horseback, on wagons,  and through unkind conditions to get to D.C. to do their jobs for all  of us at the time. We only have to brave TSA lines and occasionally  delayed flights.   The Constitution here did not catch the virus. Why are we voting on a  measure here to basically suspend it? These rules have been in place  since basically 1789.   Mr. Speaker, our constituents elected us to come to Congress and do  our job and be their voice in Washington, D.C. This would only mute  their voice.   Just as ballot harvesting in my State has led to some shady and even  fraudulent outcomes, Members of Congress should not have to be here to  be possibly coerced by certain other Members to how their votes should  be shaped. We need to be able to show up. It is not that hard, really,  at the end of the day.   We have a higher calling to come here and do our job and be present  to have these interactions, to have these conversations, especially  when we are talking about possibly $3 trillion of new spending that is  going to be debt for the grandkids that we are still trying to be  helpful to in our future generations.   I urge a ``no'' vote on this and we need to stop and think of what we  are doing here.    Mr. Speaker, this bill is a grab bag of Democrat  priorities that have nothing to do with abating this virus.   One of the most misplaced ones, however, is the addition of the SAFE  Banking Act, which, if enacted, would financially green light the  marijuana industry.   Think about that. Marijuana is still an illegal drug under the  Federal Schedule I, yet this bill attempts to legitimize this criminal  enterprise.   What is next? Shall we have safe banking for whale oil or shark fin  sales?   Again, what does this have to do with the supposed disaster relief  legislation?   As well, this bill contains H.R. 1 wish list items, including ballot  harvesting, a shady practice where campaign operatives go door to door  asking, or even coercing, people's private ballots.   How is this door-to-door practice supposed to mitigate spreading the  virus, the whole premise of this bill, supposedly, being included in a  $3 trillion emergency package?   Vote ``no'' on this. These are items that have nothing to do with  what we should be prioritizing in this time of crisis.   