 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise to further discuss the fiscal year  2021 national defense authorization bill.   Senator Inhofe will be speaking later today on the bill, and I again  want to thank him for his leadership and bipartisanship throughout the  drafting of this very important legislation.   As I noted last week, the Committee on Armed Services adopted this  bill with the strong bipartisan support of 25 to 2. I am hopeful that  we can have a productive consideration of this bill on the floor this  week, with votes on amendments and packages of cleared amendments, so  that we can conduct further efforts to improve and amend this  legislation.   The bill authorizes $662.3 billion in base funding for the Department  of Defense and Energy's nuclear programs  [[Page S3633]]  and an additional $69 billion for overseas contingency operations,  which align with the caps established in the Bipartisan Budget Act of  2019.   I want to applaud the chairman for providing the Department with the  resources it needs while remaining within the constraints we set under  the Budget Control Act. The bill before us will provide much needed  stability and predictability to the Department of Defense.   For the Army, the bill supports many modernization objectives,  including critical priorities such as Long Range Precision Fires and  the Future Vertical Lift Program. It also fully funds critical legacy  platforms such as the M1 Abrams tank that the Army needs until new  systems are fielded in the future. Further, the bill includes resources  for active protection systems for combat vehicles, as well as  additional funding for the Army's Multi-Domain Task Force, which is  critical to the Army's efforts in the Pacific.   For the Navy and Marine Corps, the bill would add roughly $900  million to authorize a number of unfunded priorities identified by the  Chief of Naval Operations and the Commandant.   I am disappointed that we could not, however, fully fund the CNO's  top unfunded priority--the 10th Virginia class submarine in the current  multiyear procurement program. However, I am pleased that this bill  provides sufficient funds to keep open the option for the 10th boat in  fiscal year 2022 or 2023.   It also mandates changes in the oversight and execution of  shipbuilding and unmanned systems development programs--changes that  should help instill more rigor and discipline within the Navy.   Turning to air power, the bill helps improve oversight of the  Department by requiring the Secretary of Defense to submit an annual  30-year plan for the procurement of the aircraft in the Department of  the Navy, the Department of the Air Force, and the Department of the  Army. This is similar to the 30-year shipbuilding report that is  already in statute.   The bill also supports the Department's efforts to achieve reduced  operating and support costs of the F-35 program and perhaps motivates  the Department to lower costs in other weapons systems overall, which  will be a critical factor going forward.   In the area of special operations, our forces remain heavily engaged  around the world, and I am pleased that the bill authorizes funding at  the requested level of $13 billion, including increased funding for  high-priority requirements identified by the commander of U.S. Special  Operations Command necessary to reconstitute capabilities lost in  combat over the past several years.   Further, the bill also includes provisions designed to enable the  Assistant Secretary for Special Operations and Low-Intensity Conflict  to more effectively fulfill advocacy and oversight responsibilities  with regard to the Special Operations Forces.   Turning to personnel matters, the bill authorizes the active and  reserve component end strengths necessary to meet national defense  objectives, provides a 3-percent pay raise for the troops, and  reauthorizes a number of bonus, special, and incentive pay authorities  necessary to recruit and retain the highest quality individuals for  military service.   Further, the bill includes a number of additional provisions that  support quality of life for our military personnel. It authorizes $75  million for the services to conduct better oversight of privatized  housing and hire more staff in the housing arena. It also requires the  Department of Defense inspector general to conduct an audit of the  medical conditions of servicemembers and their families who lived in  unhealthy military privatized housing.   I am particularly pleased that this bill authorizes $50 million for  supplemental impact aid and $20 million in impact aid for severely  disabled military children, and it rejects a proposal by the Department  to cut 172 teachers from DOD schools.   In addition, the bill includes a provision, sponsored by Senator  Gillibrand, which would allow victims of sexual assault to report  incidents without fear of being disciplined for minor misconduct that  was collateral to the sexual assault. It further includes a provision  to improve the tracking and response to child abuse on military  installations.   Turning to readiness, the bill authorizes an additional $79 million  in Army operations and maintenance to replace child development center  playground equipment, which will address safety issues and provides an  additional $47 million in Army operations and maintenance for six key  Child and Youth Services Program improvements across multiple  installations.   To help counter the effects of climate change, the bill authorizes  $50 million in planning and design for military installation resilience  for climate change adaptation projects. It also adds $8 million to the  Navy's direct air capture and seawater carbon capture program.   To reduce fuel use, the bill adds $65 million to the Operational  Energy Capability Improvement Fund to pursue promising innovations to  weapons platforms like hybrid electric drive for ships or improved  turbine engines for aircraft that improve combat capability with less  fuel. The bill also increases Air Force operational energy programs  which reduce fuel, such as using smaller fins and streamlining the C- 130 fuselage.   I am disappointed, however, that the committee did not accept an  amendment, offered by Senator Shaheen, which would have deemed the  chemicals PFAS and PFOA as hazardous and a pollutant under the DOD  Environmental Restoration Program. Elevated levels of PFAS, a class of  manmade chemicals that have been manufactured since the 1950s, may be  contaminating drinking water in 33 States nationwide, including my  State of Rhode Island. PFAS has been linked to a variety of cancers,  weakened immunity, and other serious health problems.   Senator Shaheen's amendment would have also codified Secretary  Esper's PFAS task force; required blood testing of PFAS in  servicemembers and their dependents as part of their existing annual  checkups; stopped incineration of PFAS substances by DOD until final  guidance following EPA rules are published; reported on remaining  installations not yet tested for PFAS and all DOD locations of PFAS  incineration; and also added $25 million in O&M for Air Force  environmental restoration.   I will continue to work with Senator Shaheen and other colleagues to  gain acceptance of this legislation. I think it is vitally important  that we do so as we debate this bill on the floor.   In the area of science and technology, I am pleased that the bill  increases funding for important research activities and includes  provisions to support Pentagon efforts to develop and deploy artificial  intelligence, quantum computing, and emerging biotechnologies to  protect our national security. It also includes several provisions that  continue our efforts to reform antiquated Pentagon procurement  practices and strengthen our domestic manufacturing and industrial  base, including in critical sectors such as microelectronics,  pharmaceuticals, and rare earth materials.    In the area of spectrum management, this bill includes a provision  sponsored by Senator Wicker, along with Chairman Inhofe, Senator  Cantwell, and myself. I am pleased by the provision's inclusion, which  would aid development of a common database to allow executive branch  agencies to share finite spectrum resources efficiently. This is an  example of bipartisan work between two important committees--the Armed  Services Committee and the Commerce Committee--and I hope we can  continue to build upon it.   Turning to cyber security, I am pleased that this bill adopts 11 of  the recommendations from the Cyberspace Solarium Commission, which was  cochaired by Senator King. I want to commend Senator King on  extraordinary work. His insight, his ability to work with others, his  grasp of not only the present situation but what is emerging quickly in  the future is extraordinary and commendable. He has done a remarkable  job.   The Commission took on a tough issue and did a very, very thorough  job. While we were able to include recommendations in the Armed  Services Committee's jurisdiction in our bill, the Commission has many  more thoughtful recommendations that span across many committee  jurisdictions, and I hope we can work together on the floor in this  bill to incorporate those provisions.   The bill also requires the Department to present a strategy to the  White  [[Page S3634]]  House and Congress to revive the manufacture of advanced  microelectronics in the United States.   This Defense authorization bill includes a number of provisions that  enhance the United States' ability to compete with near-peer  competitors, and we are actively seeking ways in which we can prevent  these competitors from undermining our national security and, indeed,  the international order.   With regard to Russia, this bill enhances our deterrence  capabilities, including by fully funding the request for the European  Deterrence Initiative.   In addition, the bill requires a report on Russian support to  racially or ethnically motivated violent extremist groups in Europe and  the United States. The problem of racially and ethnically motivated  violent extremist groups is an emerging national security threat, not  simply a law enforcement problem, as Russia and Russian agents or  entities are working to advance Russian strategic objectives by co- opting, supporting, and amplifying these groups to sow divisions and  threaten our democratic institutions.   The bill also maintains strong support for Ukraine through the  Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative and requires a 5-year plan for  helping Ukraine build the capabilities it needs to defend itself from  Russian aggression.   Turning to China, the bill establishes the Pacific Deterrence  Initiative, a new authority for the Department of Defense modeled after  the European Deterrence Initiative, and authorizes $200 million in  funding.   The bill also increases funding for the Indo-Pacific Maritime  Security Initiative to ensure that our partner countries in South and  Southeast Asia are able to respond effectively to Chinese coercion in  the South China Sea and beyond.   The bill also includes a provision that was adopted during markup,  expressing the sense of the Congress that the USS Mercy and the USS  Comfort should conduct port calls in Taiwan to collaborate on COVID-19  response and best practices.   While I applaud Taiwan's efforts on COVID-19, Taiwan is not a  sovereign state, and conducting port calls is a larger policy issue  that should be more fully discussed and debated. For those reasons, I  voted against the amendment.   With respect to countering the continued threat by ISIS, the bill  extends the Iraq and Syria Train and Equip Programs at the requested  funding levels, while ensuring appropriate congressional oversight of  the use of such funds. Specific to Iraq, the bill continues efforts to  normalize security assistance to Iraq by transitioning funding to  enduring authorities.   For Afghanistan, the bill extends the authority to train and equip  Afghan Security Forces at the requested funding level and enhances  congressional oversight of such funds. It requires an assessment of the  progress made on issues such as anti-corruption, recruitment and  retention of security forces, and commitments made by the Afghanistan  Government in support of peace negotiations. It also includes a  specific reporting requirement should the Department elect to withhold  any security assistance to Afghanistan.   In addition, the bill includes a sense of the Senate provision, which  I was proud to cosponsor, expressing concern that a precipitous  withdrawal of U.S. military, diplomatic, and intelligence personnel  from Afghanistan without effective, countervailing efforts to secure  gains in Afghanistan may allow violent extremist groups to regenerate.  These conditions would threaten the security of the Afghan people and  create a security vacuum that could destabilize the region and provide  ample safe haven for extremist groups seeking to conduct external  attacks.   It also requires a report on current and projected threats to the  United States homeland and that of our allies emanating from  Afghanistan.   Further, the bill includes a provision sponsored by Senator Shaheen  to refine and clarify expectations for the Department on the  implementation of the Women, Peace, and Security Act, which was adopted  by unanimous consent during the committee's markup.   Turning to nuclear testing, I have concerns about the addition of a  provision sponsored by Senator Cotton which holds $10 million to cover  costs of reducing the time to conduct nuclear tests if they are deemed  necessary.   The United States has not conducted a nuclear test since 1992. Each  year the three lab Directors of our National Laboratory give a written  assessment of the stockpile and whether it needs testing. For 22 years,  they have said that weapons do not need to be tested as long as we  continue the Stockpile Stewardship Program. In addition, it would  realistically take over 2 years and hundreds of millions of dollars to  actually be ready for a test. I don't believe we should be even  signaling that the Nation is considering doing this without a full and  lengthy debate of the issues by Congress, and that was one of the  reasons I opposed the amendment.    For 18 years, the Senate Armed Services Committee has honestly  struggled over the Defense Department's detainee policy, particularly  regarding the detainees at Guantanamo Bay. For many years, the policy  remained unchanged, but for the past several years, the committee has  adopted an amendment in markup that would allow detainees to be  transferred to the United States for emergency medical treatment and  then returned to the detention facility at Guantanamo.   This is an aging population of detainees, and there are certain  conditions that cannot be treated at Guantanamo, and moving all the  medical equipment and specialty doctors to Guantanamo would be cost- prohibitive. However, I was very disappointed that this year the  medical transfer amendment was defeated for the first time. Allowing  detainees to be transferred to the United States for medical treatment  is the most cost-effective and humane way forward to ensure we treat  detainees with dignity and in accordance with our obligations under the  Geneva Conventions. This is a problem that can only get more urgent as  time passes, and I hope we can find a way forward on this issue.   Finally, it is impossible to discuss this bill without discussing the  many crises facing our Nation. The crisis affecting every citizen is  the exponential spread of COVID-19, and our military is not immune. As  of today, 11,770 military personnel are infected. Adding in DOD  families and civilians, the number is closer to 17,000. That number  increased by over 1,500 individuals in the last 48 hours and continues  to trend upward. That is a startling growth in these cases. Our  National Guard members are most heavily impacted because they are on  the frontlines of the pandemic.   These infections affect the readiness of our force in their ability  to train and deploy and to do so without worrying about the health of  their families. The administration's response to the pandemic has been  woefully inadequate, and immediate steps must be taken to aid civilians  and military personnel alike.   Our Nation has also been engulfed by protests over the senseless  murders of George Floyd, Breonna Taylor, Rayshard Brooks, and others at  the hands of police officers and some civilians. These deaths magnify  centuries of injustice and brutality against African Americans.   These protests have been occurring across the country and have been  overwhelmingly peaceful, although there have been isolated exceptions.  Our Nation is in pain, but rather than call for unity and calm,  President Trump has threatened to bring military troops against  peaceful protesters. While the President does have the authority to  call up military personnel under the Insurrection Act, it does not mean  he should. It is used quite rarely as an exception to the broad  principle embedded deeply in American democracy and history that the  Active Armed Forces should not be used to enforce State laws or to  exercise police power reserved to the States unless absolutely  necessary and as the very last resort. Therefore, I am pleased that  this bill includes a provision that was overwhelmingly adopted during  the markup to prohibit the use of DOD funds to take actions against  U.S. citizens that would infringe on their First Amendment rights to  assemble peaceably and to petition the government for redress of  grievances.   Senator Kaine of Virginia was instrumental in that bill, and Senator  [[Page S3635]]  Blumenthal of Connecticut has additional legislation that is worthy of  consideration.   In addition, the bill includes an amendment adopted by voice vote  that requires the Defense Department within 3 years to implement the  recommendations of a commission on how to remove all names, symbols,  displays, monuments, and paraphernalia from DOD assets that honor or  commemorate the Confederacy. Such legislation is long overdue. Senior  Department officials have all indicated they are open to changing these  names. There is bipartisan cooperation on this issue. This is the right  thing to do, and DOD needs to lead the way.   To conclude, let me again commend Chairman Inhofe for his efforts in  getting us to this point. Let me thank my colleagues especially for all  of their hard work on getting this bill out of the committee.   I look forward to an open debate on the floor, voting on amendments,  and getting this legislation passed. I look forward--in fact, look back  at the days when that was a routine procedure, when our Defense bill  was a way in which many people from different committees and different  aspects of the Senate could come forward and offer legislation. We  could debate legislation, vote, move forward, and at the end have a  piece of legislation that this entire Senate was extraordinarily proud  of, and that is my hope for this year.   With that, I thank you.   I yield the floor   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   