 Madam President, I am reserving the right to object.  [[Page S3083]]    There is a single thread that runs through the Supreme Court's  decision in the Bostock case earlier this week and all the way through  the legislation now under discussion on the Senate floor, and that  principle deals with nondiscrimination. It is a principle that, as  Americans, we believe that people shouldn't be treated differently on  the basis of factors, characteristics, and traits that have nothing to  do with their job. I think most Americans can agree with that, and I  think most Americans can agree that an individual shouldn't face such  discrimination in the workplace based on his or her sexual orientation.   The important thing that we have to remember is that much of where  the law is found and much of what we can perceive from a position of  justice and equality and fairness relates to where the exceptions are  found. I have got two principal concerns with this legislation that are  also shared by the Bostock ruling. The first relates to exceptions  related to religious employers.   Neither the Bostock decision nor the Equality Act takes the care to  ensure that religious employers will be treated fairly under this  approach. We need to be mindful of the need of a religious employer to  maintain its doctrine and its teachings, not only in the hiring of its  ministers but also in the hiring of other people who worked toward  moving forward that religious institution's teachings in the way they  live their lives, in their beliefs, and in their willingness to teach  those things to others. This legislation doesn't do that. I think any  legislation that we move forward on this needs to have it.   Secondly, neither this legislation nor the Bostock decision takes  into account some significant distinctions between sexual orientation  on the one hand and gender identity on the other.   In the case of gender identity, the law needs to take into account  certain questions regarding what impact the law might have on girls and  women's restrooms and locker rooms, girls and women's athletics, and  single-sex safe places for people who are, for example, the victims of  domestic or sexual abuse. This law, like the Bostock decision, doesn't  operate with a lot of precision and sort of takes a meat cleaver to the  issue without taking into account exceptions for religious entities and  distinctions between sexual orientation and gender identity. On that  basis, I have concerns.   Knowing that I have some colleagues who want to speak to this issue,  I decline to object as of this moment.   