 Mr. President, it is an honor to join my colleagues from  Maryland, Senator Cardin and Senator Van Hollen, and my colleague from  Michigan, Senator Stabenow, to take a moment to recognize and remember  my esteemed former colleague and dear friend, Senator Paul Sarbanes,  who passed away last Sunday.  [[Page S7273]]    Paul Sarbanes spent 30 years in this Chamber doing what he knew was  right. In that time, he built a legacy most could not achieve in two  lifetimes.   Paul's work on banking, the economy, housing, transportation, and so  many other issues had a profound and significant impact on our country.  But, more importantly, his work had a direct impact on so many families  whose lives were made better because of his unsung efforts over three  decades.   I had the distinct honor of serving with Senator Sarbanes and working  directly with him on the Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee  and the Joint Economic Committee.   Senator Sarbanes was a constant and steady champion of commonsense  fiscal policies to help create jobs, expand our economy, and increase  consumer and investor protections. Indeed, he used his power and  influence to help those with the least power and influence in our  society, which is a hallmark of our finest public servants. And Paul  still remains one of our finest public servants--indeed, one of the  finest of the finest.   Many would agree that the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 stands among his  best work. Responding to a number of major corporate accounting  scandals, Senator Sarbanes' legislation began the process of trying to  restore investor confidence in corporate America and our securities  markets. Eighteen years later, this law continues to be a critical  pillar of our financial system.   During his tenure as chair of the Joint Economic Committee in the  late eighties and early nineties, Paul framed many of the important  economic issues and debates that the country was experiencing at the  time. He held timely hearings on income inequality, trade deficit, and  unemployment during a time at which the country was only beginning to  come to grips with the notion that there needed to be a different  direction in our economy.   Unfortunately, our Nation is now battling a pandemic that is  furthering economic inequalities, and both the Senate and the country  could use and greatly misses Senator Sarbanes' thoughtfulness,  incisiveness, and compassion during these difficult times.   Senator Sarbanes was also one of our Nation's greatest champions for  affordable housing. He fought his entire career for our Nation's  working families, trying to make it possible for more families in our  country to have decent, safe, and affordable housing.   Most notably, Paul was one of the original authors of the Home  Investment Partnerships Program, known as the HOME Program. This  program has provided critical funding to our Nation's States and  localities, helping them maintain or expand their supply of affordable  housing for many Americans.   Paul also fought aggressively for funding of the section 8 voucher  program and was one of the chief supporters of improvements to our  Nation's public housing programs during his Senate tenure.   Senator Sarbanes also recognized the essential role that public  transportation plays in bringing communities together, fostering  economic development, and promoting a cleaner environment. As ranking  member of the Banking Committee, he led the effort to reauthorize the  Nation's transit programs and the fight to ensure that transit received  its fair share of funding.   Time after time, Paul Sarbanes did the right things for the right  reasons. He could not care less whether he got the credit, the press,  or the fanfare. His primary motivation was simply knowing that he made  a meaningful difference in the lives of his constituents and the  American people, and, in this regard, there are few who are as  accomplished as Paul Sarbanes.   His keen intellect, his extensive knowledge of the issues, and his  concern for Americans across this great country all contributed to his  impressive body of legislative accomplishments.   Now, I had the occasion to speak with   John Sarbanes, Congressman  from Maryland, who is carrying on the proud tradition of the Sarbanes  family, and he said his dad was best described as a workhorse, not a  show horse, and that is right. Paul Sarbanes did the work of the  people. He did not try to garner the praise and the acclaim; he just  wanted to make sure the work was done and done well. And he did  throughout his entire career.   My best wishes go to Paul's family, including his sons Michael  Sarbanes and Representative   John Sarbanes; his daughter Janet  Sarbanes; and his grandchildren. They have lost a father and a  grandfather. The country has lost one of its greatest champions. And I  have lost a dear and precious friend.   May he rest in peace.   I yield the floor.   