 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.    Madam Speaker, as the majority leader well knows better than most of  us in the room, for a bill to become law, the President of the United  States must sign it, and he has made clear that he is not going to sign  this product. So, it is a complete waste of everyone's time to send  over a bill that has no chance to become law.   Rather than make this bill better, rather than make this bill  something that could become law, we are going to run out the clock on  more broken process. Why are we going to do that? We are going to do  that because the people who are working to preserve the broken status  quo of warrantless spying on American citizens want to keep that status  quo in place.   So, rather than allow real reform, we have had a process that  bypassed the Judiciary Committee. When Chairman Nadler realized he  didn't have the votes to move his own product through the committee, he  pulled the whole committee process. In a committee process, amendments  would be able to be offered, and because they knew the amendments would  be offered in accordance with the rules of the House and would be  adopted if they were given a chance to vote, they had to pull it.   So, they didn't run it through the committee. The people who are  represented by all 435 of us in this body had no chance to have their  voices heard in a regular process. Leadership jammed through this  broken bill to try to put some window dressing of reform on it.   Some of them are important; they are better than the status quo. But  they are just modest reforms. That is why they had so much support from  the people who want to preserve it. Then, when there was a real reform,  you saw that drop off. Then, when there was the Lofgren-Davidson  amendment that really would reform it and stop warrantless spying on  Americans' internet browser data, when it was spying on Americans, they  stopped it--not a single vote on an amendment in the people's House of  the United States of America to preserve and protect the freedoms  guaranteed in the Fourth Amendment.   Yes, we must make our Nation secure. But we must do it  constitutionally in full compliance with the  [[Page H2345]]  Bill of Rights. No one is exempt, Article I, Article II, or Article  III.   