 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, the United States is poised for  nationwide deployment of the next generation of internet technology-- 5G. 5G will mark a giant leap forward for internet technology,  delivering speeds that are up to 100 times faster than what today's  technology can deliver. It will be vastly more responsive than 4G  technology and will be able to connect 100 times the number of devices  that can be connected with 4G.   While that will make it even easier to do the things we do today,  like check our email or stream our favorite shows, the biggest benefits  of 5G lie in the other technologies that it will enable--precision  agriculture, medical and surgical innovations, safer vehicles, and  more.   5G is already being deployed. Cities across the country, including  Sioux Falls in my home State, are introducing 5G networks. There is  still work to be done before 5G can be fully implemented nationwide. A  big part of that work is freeing up adequate spectrum to support the  technology.   Like all internet technology, 5G relies on radio spectrum, or what we  commonly call the airwaves. In the United States, radio spectrum is  owned by the American taxpayer but is licensed to companies that make  use of the spectrum to broadcast TV and radio programs, connect cell  phone calls, and transmit internet data. Radio spectrum is divided into  bands--low-band, mid-band, and high-band--according to frequency and  wavelength. Current wireless technology mostly relies on low-band  spectrum, but 5G will require the full range of radio spectrum--low- band, mid-band, and high-band.   The United States has done a good job freeing up high-band spectrum  for 5G, but we need to free up more mid-band spectrum to see full-scale  5G deployment. Mid-band spectrum is crucial for 5G. It combines strong  data capacity with good geographical coverage and allows 5G signals to  penetrate buildings in more urban areas. Mid-band spectrum is  particularly crucial for rural 5G deployment, as it can provide the  coverage and capacity to reach less populated areas.   As past chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee and current  chairman of the Commerce Subcommittee on Communications, Technology,  Innovation, and the Internet, I have been working on 5G for a number of  years now. In 2018, Congress passed my MOBILE NOW Act, which laid the  groundwork for freeing up more spectrum for 5G.   This past November, Senator Wicker and I introduced the 5G Spectrum  Act to require the Federal Communications Commission to free up a  critical portion of mid-band spectrum, commonly referred to as C band,  for 5G use. While Congress did not enact our legislation, at the end of  February, the Federal Communications Commission announced it would  adopt a framework similar to that outlined in our bill to make 280  megahertz of C band spectrum available for 5G.   Currently, C band spectrum is licensed by satellite companies that  use the spectrum to deliver programming for television and radio  broadcasters, among other things. Under the FCC's new rules, the  majority of this mid-band spectrum will be made available to wireless  companies for 5G. Satellite companies will still be able to provide all  the services they are currently providing by launching new satellites  and investing in new technologies to make more efficient use of the C  band. The licensees for the remaining portion of the C band spectrum  will be returned to the government, which will then offer the spectrum  to wireless companies in a public auction. Satellite companies will be  reimbursed for the cost of relocating their operations to the upper  range of the band, and they will be offered incentives for moving their  operations quickly so that space for 5G can be freed up as soon as  possible. I was very pleased by the FCC's decision, which I think  provides the most expeditious and efficient way to free up the  necessary mid-band spectrum for 5G.   Some have argued that rather than reimbursing satellite companies,  the government should just pull the satellite companies' licenses, but  there are a number of problems with that approach.   First of all, while it is true that radio spectrum is owned by the  taxpayers, satellite companies have invested a lot of money to put the  spectrum into service. While they will still have enough C-band  spectrum to provide current services, shifting their operations to the  upper band of the spectrum will require a substantial investment. It is  fair that they be reimbursed for this government-required shift.   Furthermore, reimbursing companies and providing incentives for them  to quickly free up spectrum is the fastest way to make that spectrum  available. Simply demanding that companies relinquish their control of  a substantial portion of the C band could tie the government up in  litigation for years, while countries like China take the lead on 5G.   Finally, setting a precedent for the government to simply seize  spectrum licenses would create a significant disincentive for  technological investment. Why should companies invest major sums of  money in bringing next-generation technologies to market if they are  likely to have the licenses on which those technologies depend seized  without warning?   The truth is that the taxpayers will see a bigger return--for deficit  reduction, rural broadband, and other priorities--if companies are  incentivized to invest. The United States was at the head of the 4G  revolution, and we need to ensure that we are at the head of the 5G  revolution as well. Winning the race to 5G will provide huge economic  benefits for American businesses and American workers, and it will  allow the United States to set security standards for  telecommunications networks worldwide.   I am very pleased that the FCC has acted to free up mid-band spectrum  needed for full-scale deployment of 5G around the country. I will  continue to work to ensure that American companies and American workers  have the resources they need to bring us into the 5G future.   I yield the floor.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Texas (Mr. Cruz) and the Senator from Mississippi (Mrs. Hyde- Smith).   