 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we continue to move closer to a final  [[Page S7567]]  agreement on an omnibus appropriations bill and a package of emergency  Federal aid to provide the country relief from the continuing impact  from the COVID-19 pandemic.   Yesterday, House and Senate leadership worked well into the night. We  resumed first thing this morning. While many, if not all, of the  difficult topics are behind us, a few final issues must be hammered  out. We are very close to an agreement, but the details really matter.  When it comes to unemployment benefits, stimulus checks, aid to small  businesses, and so much else, we have a responsibility to get this  right. People's lives depend upon it.   I would note that had the Republican majority joined in negotiations  anytime in the last 6 months, as we had requested, we would not be in  the unfortunate position of negotiating against the government funding  deadline. Leader McConnell kept calling for a pause, and here we are. I  also note that we would have a much larger bill that met crucial needs  of so many Americans if Republicans had not been so intransigent.   But we are all eager to conclude our work and deliver the relief that  the American people have been waiting for. Everyone wants to see this  get done, and soon. It is not an easy feat or process. We are talking  about providing relief to a country that is hurting from coast to  coast; a country with tens of millions of unemployed workers and more  slipping into poverty every day; a country with businesses of all sizes  and varieties struggling in different ways and more in danger of  closing for good every week; a country that just yesterday suffered the  worst day of the entire pandemic--the most cases, the most  hospitalizations, the most deaths, more than 3,600 American lives.   Already, we know that the size of this emergency relief bill would be  the largest stimulus in the history of our country if not for the other  COVID relief bill, the CARES bill, which I negotiated with Secretary  Mnuchin and we passed earlier this year.   Let me say that again. We are putting the final touches on what would  be the largest stimulus in the history of the country with the  exception of the CARES Act--larger even than ARRA, the stimulus bill  Congress passed in the wake of the financial crisis in 2009.   None of the remaining hurdles cannot be overcome. Everyone is  committed to achieving a result, and we will not leave until we get the  job done.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   