 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition,  although I am not opposed to the amendment.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding. It is nice working with the gentleman. This has been a couple  of years in the making, and it is way over time.   First, let's understand one thing: name and date of birth just isn't  cutting it anymore, so this ban on HHS promulgating a unique patient  identifier has resulted in a lot of American lives lost.   Madam Speaker, Mr. Foster already referenced a Johns Hopkins study  that said up to 250,000 deaths per year--and I want you to think about  that number--250,000 deaths per year are due to medical error. When we  are talking today about the number of deaths from the coronavirus, and  saying now it has  [[Page H4172]]  gone over 145,000, these are deaths caused by a virus. And then here,  we have another opportunity, if we are using the right data, we could  possibly wipe out medical errors just by having access to that data and  being able to cross-reference. Mr. Foster also referenced about opiates  that sometimes patients are prescribed as a way to handle the pain.   Madam Speaker, I sat in the emergency room with one of my children.  And a doctor said to him: We found out what you have; you do have MRSA.  It is on your hip, and we are going to have to operate on you, and we  are going to have to be able to try and scrape that off. Although it  won't be gone forever, it will take care of the problem right now. This  is what I am going to do. And he went through the procedure.   He also talked about the anesthesia that he was going to use. And he  said to him: Do you have any problem with anything I have told you?   And my son said: No, none at all.   Well, luckily, I was sitting there. I said: Well, Doctor, the fact  that he is a heroin addict, would that have any effect?   The doctor looked up and said: Oh, my God. Thank God you said  something about it, because that would absolutely be fatal for him.   Madam Speaker, it is not just happening in studies. We are seeing it  on the floor all the time in our hospitals. We are seeing that somehow  data that is available is not being made available because of some  archaic ban. Somebody says: No, we shouldn't have access because it  just doesn't make sense.   It does make sense. It makes all the sense in the world.   In the year 2020, and what we are looking at right now, and we are  talking about finding a cure for the coronavirus and doing it in a safe  and smart way, why wouldn't we be able to look at all the data that is  available? Why wouldn't we be able to cross-reference it? Why would we  sit in the dark and say, this is my best guess? It doesn't have to be  that way.   Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Foster). This  has been over 2 years trying to get this, and I feel very certain we  will get it done, but this just makes sense.   Quite frankly, the stuff we have been using for the last several  decades it just--maybe back in 1999, when it was an issue for somebody,  it made sense. Not today; not in 2020; not in the world we live in; not  in the danger that we are putting people in just because we don't  always have the right data in front of us. And we can do that. We have  the ability to do that.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   