 Madam President.    Madam President, I rise to speak in opposition to the Cruz  amendment.   The Cruz amendment is contrary to the purpose of the resolution  before the body. The resolution before the body is to make sure that  Congress is involved in decisions about war. The Cruz amendment is  contrary to that purpose by praising the President for a military  action taken not only without congressional approval but without  notification to Congress.   Second, we are all glad General Soleimani is dead. That is good for  the world. But there are legitimate questions about the mission-- particularly, should it have been taken out on Iraqi soil over the  objection of the Iraqi Government? That has now led the Iraqi  Parliament to ask U.S. troops to withdraw from the region, which would  empower Iran and empower ISIS.   Finally, the Cruz amendment talks about President Trump. This  resolution is not about President Trump. I had an original version of  it that referenced activities of the administration, but my Republican  colleagues----    Asked me to remove those.   I ask for a vote against the amendment.    Mr. President, I rise in opposition to the amendment and  will be making a motion to table it following Senator Cotton's  presentation.   The Cotton amendment would establish a very dangerous precedent. I  say that with all respect. It would basically allow military action  against actors on the designated list of foreign terrorist  organizations without there being a declaration of war against them.   There are currently 69 FTOs on the list, including the Basque  Fatherland and Liberty, the Kurdistan Workers' Party, the Irish  Republican Army, and the Communist Party of the Philippines.   The FTO list has never been a war authorization. The FTO list is  created by the administration. It adds the names to it. This would  suggest that, by being on the FTO, the U.S. military could take action  against you even without there being congressional authorization. The  list is so long, and it can be added to by a President. This would  basically destroy the underlying bill by allowing a President to add to  the FTO list rather than coming to Congress and then taking military  action.   I know the speaker's intention is that this goes to the IRGC. If we  need to defend ourselves under article II, we can or we can declare  war.    Mr. President, I move to table Cotton amendment No. 1305,  and I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, though my friend from Idaho opposes my  resolution, I do not oppose his amendment. I view the Risch amendment  as a basic restatement of constitutional law, and it is essentially the  same concept as the rules of construction in the resolution, so I do  not oppose it.    Madam President, I ask my colleagues to vote to table the  Rubio amendment No. 1320. Let me explain why. The gist of the amendment  is basically to say that we are not in hostilities with Iran. If you  read the newspaper, we now see that 100 American troops are suffering  from concussions--closed-head injuries--that could potentially lead to  other significant consequences because of the Iranian attack on the Al- Asad Air Base.   The United States sent the military strike that killed Iran's key  military leader and Iraqi militia leader. The United States took a  previous strike a week before that killed 25 Iranian-connected militia  members in 5 sites in Iraq and Syria. The War Powers Act has a  definition of what armed conflict and hostilities are, and it is clear  that Congress was meant to be able to file this exact motion either  during armed conflict or even before armed conflict if it were  imminent.   I would argue that the 100 servicemembers who are suffering from head  injuries and the American contractor who was killed is definitely proof  that there are hostilities. I ask to table.   I now move that Rubio amendment No. 1320 be tabled, and I ask for the  yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I rise to speak with respect to final  passage of S.J. Res. 68, which will be the next item of business before  us. I will speak briefly because I have been on the floor about this a  few times in the last week or two.   First, I want to thank my colleagues for this process, including the  President. It has been a very collaborative process, with a lot of  dialogue, a lot of listening, a lot of changes in amendments, and back  and forth since early January. My colleagues, however they voted on  things that I hoped they might support me on, were very willing to  dialogue and ask hard questions. I understood why people were where  they were. I just want to thank the body for it.   I also note what a cool thing it is to actually have a bunch of  amendment votes on the floor. I hope we might do more on other items.   This is an issue that is extremely important to this body, and it is  extremely important to me. Of the variety of issues--I didn't serve in  the military--why would it be important to me? Having a child in the  military and coming from a State that is so connected to the military,  I have been nearly obsessed with this issue since about 2002.   I never knew I would have an opportunity to work on it as a U.S.  Senator, but when I came here in 2012, I started to look for colleagues  on both sides of the aisle and in both Houses who would stand for the  proposition that war is the most solemn responsibility we have, and it  cannot be outsourced to anyone.   I was willing to stand up to a friend--a Democratic President--and  challenge him when he was undertaking military action without coming to  Congress. I have done the same with President Trump, but with no  disrespect to the office. I want an article II President who will  inhabit fully the article II powers of the office of Commander in  Chief. But what I have hoped for since I came is an article I branch  that would fully inhabit the article I powers that are vested only in  Congress.   For that reason, I put the resolution forward and worked with you and  others to make sure the resolution was bipartisan. It is not only  bipartisan, but folks from different parts of the political spectrum  and from different parts of the country and new Members and veteran  Members have come together to say--after many decades of abdicating  responsibility, under Presidents of both parties and under majorities  of both parties in both Houses--it is time for Congress to take this  very seriously. That is why I will be voting in favor of the resolution  and encouraging other colleagues to do the same.   The last thing I want to say is this. I talked about these two young  men briefly yesterday on the floor. I am struck by their stories. The  last two men who were killed in combat for the United States in the 19- yearlong war against terrorists that was sparked by America's righteous  outrage over the attack of 9/11 were two sergeants first class, Javier  Gutierrez and Antonio Rodriguez. They are both from the Southwest, one  from San Antonio and one from Las Cruces, NM.   They were both killed last week in Afghanistan by an insider attack.  It was somebody who was wearing a uniform--potentially, a member of the  Afghan National Security Forces or posing as one. These are the  security forces that we have invested billions and billions of dollars  in training and equipping--$45 billion this year alone. Someone wearing  that uniform of an ally of the United States turned a weapon on these  two gentlemen and killed them.   I read their bios, and I was just so struck by their stories. They  were 28 years old, which means they were 9 years old when 9/11 happened  and when Congress passed the war authorization under whose terms they  were then serving when they lost their lives in Afghanistan. They  really never knew in their life anything but war.   By the time they were 9 years old the Nation was at war. Nineteen  years later, we are still in the same war, and that authorization has  been used now all over the globe to engage in military activity  virtually in so many countries and so many continents. They never knew  anything but war.    I just want to say a word about each of them.   Sergeant Gutierrez was a young man, a 28-year-old from San Antonio.  Sergeant Gutierrez's grandfather was an aviator in World War II who was  shot down and imprisoned in a POW camp in Germany. His name was Mr.  Ortiz. He was then liberated when the Russians liberated that POW camp.  That was the grandfather. Sergeant Gutierrez's dad was a marine during  the Vietnam era.   Sergeant Gutierrez was born in Jacksonville, NC, near the Lejeune  base in North Carolina. All he wanted to do was serve his country. He  joined the Junior ROTC Program at his local high school because, he  said, ``I want to be like my grandfather and I want to be like my  dad.'' By all accounts, he served in such a wonderful way.   This was his third deployment. He had one in Iraq and one in  Afghanistan previously. This was his third deployment.   He leaves behind a wife, Gabby, and four children ages 2 to 7.   Sergeant Rodriguez was from Las Cruces, NM. He also leaves behind a  wife, Ronaleen, no children, but a lot of devoted family.   When I read this in the news, I thought it was a misprint. This was  Sergeant Rodriguez's 11th deployment to Afghanistan. He was only 28  years old. He probably didn't go into the military until he was 18, but  he was Special Forces. Those deployments tend to be often, more  frequent and maybe not as long in duration. But think about it--10  times in Afghanistan, and on the 11th deployment, he gave his life. The  sacrifices are just kind of staggering for me to contemplate.   I will just conclude and say this: I know that everybody in this  Chamber goes to VA hospitals to visit. I have three VA hospitals in  Virginia. I was in one in Hampton last Friday. We do this because we  want to see our great care providers. We talk to our veterans. We get  inspired by stories of resilience and see cutting-edge treatments and  technologies.   Often, those visits are empowering and inspiring. One thing you will  always feel when you leave after a visit to a VA hospital--and I felt  this way when I left the VA in Hampton last Friday afternoon--is the  enduring consequences of war. When I was visiting a mental health unit,  when I was visiting the women's clinic that now deals with the  increasing number of women veterans, what you grapple with are the  enduring consequences of war.   Under the best of circumstances, when we get it right and we win,  there are still horrible consequences of war--people's health and  people's lives and then the lives and health of the caregivers and  friends of those who serve. Because those consequences are so momentous  and so enduring, those of us in this body--and maybe especially those  of us in this body who didn't wear the uniform and didn't serve--we  have a special obligation to make sure that we deliberate and  deliberate carefully before we send troops into harm's way.   The President of the United States--this President and every  President--always needs the ability to defend the United States against  imminent attack without asking for anybody's permission. I think the  world knows we will do that. This body, though, is a body  [[Page S1060]]  that needs to decide if we go on offense and engage in military action.  Guess what. The world knows we will do that too.   We took that vote on the war authorization in 2001, and 18 years  later, we have tens of thousands of troops deployed and people still  losing their lives. We are spending $45 billion a year in Afghanistan  to preserve the gains that we won. No one can question America's  resolve. But this resolution is about a level of deliberation to match  the sacrifice that we expect. The sacrifice is momentous, so our  deliberation should be careful. That is what this bill is designed to  do. That is why I am so proud to have worked on it with my colleagues.   I yield the floor.   