 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend from Oklahoma for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, we are here talking about Speaker Pelosi's $3 trillion  socialist giveaway plan. If you look at this bill--we have talked about  what is in the bill. We should also be talking about what is not in the  bill. And, of course, they have $500 billion in this package for  States, including many that already wrecked their economy and had  billion-dollar deficits prior to COVID-19--$500 billion to bail them  out.   Keep in mind, Mr. Speaker, we already gave, working together, $150  billion to those States, and they haven't even spent all of that money.  They haven't spent all of that money, but in this bill there is $500  billion to bail out States that were failing prior to COVID-19.   What is not in this bill, Mr. Speaker? Money to hold China  accountable for this whole mess. There is no money in this bill to hold  China accountable.   But, again, what is in this bill? Billions of dollars for people who  are here illegally. Just look at this one page in the bill, a two-word  change that makes accessible hundreds of billions of taxpayer dollars  to people here illegally. It is in the bill.   Just what happened the other day, let's talk about American companies  that they are going after right now. Just a few days ago, the Democrat  majority sent a target letter to a number of businesses that employ  blue-collar workers all around America, steel companies right here in  Pennsylvania, in  [[Page H2242]]  Ohio, and New York--steelworkers-- and they demanded in the letter: We  ask you return these funds immediately. So hundreds of steelworkers  will go out of work based on the letter the Democrat majority sent out.  And today, they are saying illegals can get that money.    So you are taking it away from steelworkers, shipbuilders, truck  drivers, and you are turning around and giving it to people here  illegally. What kind of set of priorities is that in the middle of a  pandemic?   Again, what is in the bill, you have got hundreds of billions of  dollars for all of these other things, billions for taxpayer funding of  abortions in the bill.   What is not in the bill? Money to bring jobs back from China, PPE.   You just saw the President, yesterday, in Pennsylvania celebrating a  company that is making PPE. So much of that is made right now in China.  We are trying to bring that back because China is using their leverage  to hold us hostage, not sending PPE, not sending lifesaving drugs. How  about we make that in America? But, no, there is no money in this bill  for that.   But then this bill mandates that States do things that would wreck  their election laws, things like: forced mail-out ballots, again, to  people here illegally; telling States they can't have integrity laws  that would require a picture ID, Mr. Speaker.   To get into the Democratic National Convention, you will need to show  a picture ID, but if your State says you have to show a picture ID to  vote, they knocked that off the books. What set of priorities is that  and, by the way, what does that have to do with COVID-19?   My goodness, we worked together to pass a bill to help families, to  help small businesses and hospitals. Let's work together to solve this  problem.    Mr. Speaker, again, I want to look at what is not in  this bill and what is in this bill.   We worked together, Republicans and Democrats alike, to come up with  a package of bills that will help families, small businesses,  hospitals, and frontline workers. We did that together, working with  President Trump. And then all of a sudden, not when we were here, but  when everybody was forced to work remotely, we see this package of  1,800 pages dumped on us by dark of night that does all of these things  that have nothing to do with this outbreak.   We should be working together to help safely reopen, like 36 States  have already done successfully. Congress should be here working,  leading, not working remotely. We have proven today, and we proved a  few weeks ago, we can be here safely doing our job like all of the  frontline workers are safely doing their job.   Let's get this country back open safely. Let's work together to get  it done. Drop this wish list.   Thank goodness this will not become law, but it shows you the  misguided priorities when you see a bill with so much garbage like  this.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   A couple of questions, but first, I want to ask: It is my  understanding that on May 19, next week, we are supposed to be swearing  in the new Members of Congress who were elected this week. You didn't  mention that. Is that still going to move forward here on the House  floor?    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for that  clarification.   Obviously, we had a full debate on the floor today about this change  in the proxy voting. There still were many constitutional questions  raised, especially as it relates to Article I, Section 5, which states  that a majority of each House shall constitute a quorum. I would hope,  although the rule is clearly passed and your side was able to pass  that, doesn't mean it needs to be exercised because the Senate is going  to be in next week.   Because we proved today that we can come back safely and conduct our  business, I would just hope and urge that while it is now an  opportunity, an option for the majority to use that, we still would  continue to do business with a majority of Members being present.  Because if a major piece of legislation were to come to this floor and  to pass with a proxy--meaning 20 people holding proxies, clearly, under  your bill, would be what your side would claim to be a majority--it  would be challenged. It definitely would be eligible for being  challenged in court under Article I, Section 5, the constitutional  requirement of a quorum.   I would just hope that would be considered that, while it is there in  the rule now, doesn't mean it has to be the way the House conducts  business.    Madam Speaker, I think today our total number of Members  that showed up, out of 435, were 406. Of course, we didn't have the  full 435. We will have a few more sworn in next week. But with over 400  Members of Congress able to get here safely to do our business--and  again, we know the Senate is going to be in next week; we know the  President is at the White House working, as well, with his team--I  would just hope that we would continue to lead by example as we are  encouraging others to safely reopen.   My home State of Louisiana today started entering into phase 1 of the  reopening of our economy, and we saw so many new establishments. Of  course, we have got our frontline workers, hospitals, and grocery  stores that have already been opened and other establishments, but  today we were able to have a full entering of phase 1, and from all  accounts, it went very smoothly.   I know the gentleman's State of Maryland is doing the same thing, and  36 different States are already entering phase 1 of reopening. I would  just hope that we would lead by example by showing here in the House  that we, too, can do the people's business safely in person.   And do we know when that next time that the House would be convening?  If it is not going to be next week, do we have a date when?    And is there any formal legislation or even committee  hearings?    And then for committees like Armed Services that are  going to be, hopefully, starting their negotiations on the National  Defense Authorization Act, obviously, those are things that have an  opportunity to be bipartisan. Hopefully, they will be bipartisan.  Historically, they have been. And that would be, hopefully, some more  work that the House would do here in Washington, here at the Capitol.   And we would just push to make sure that that is the case, that we do  as much of our work here, not remotely, not through Zoom and Skype and  Webex and other things, but actually here in the Capitol where we can,  again, show the country, as we are asking them to safely reopen and  start getting our economy back on track, that we would do the same  thing.    I would just share the gentleman's hope that that  happens. I know there was a lot of concern expressed with the  resolution that authorized pro forma sessions until July 21, and I sure  hope that is not the approach that the House would be taking, that  instead of pro forma, we would actually be here in person doing the  work of the people.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman.  [[Page H2257]]        