 Mr. President, ``Freedom is the freedom to say that two  plus two makes four. If that is granted, all else follows''--so wrote  novelist George Orwell.   In the late 1980s, I traveled to the former Soviet Union as part of a  youth soccer program. Now, decades have passed since that trip, of  course, but the memories to me are still vivid. The shelves were  barren. Citizens drank from communal water fountains. The items most in  demand and hardest to find were American items: blue jeans--Levi  Strauss--and bubble gum.   Of course, those weren't the only things common in Indiana that were  contraband behind the Iron Curtain. For decades, news, literature, art,  or entertainment that was not broadcast or approved by the state was  scarce and available only by bootleg.   The monuments towering over Russia were built to honor those who  controlled it, the same men who regularly erased parts of Russia's  history to suit their own political purposes, not to serve others.   This was a society where ideas and dialogue existed only underground,  where watching American movies was a jailable offense, where free  thinkers weren't found in newspapers or airwaves but locked away in  labor camps, where information protected the State instead of  empowering the individuals, where history was constantly purged and  revised.   By the time I visited, though, Soviet leadership, in self- preservation mode, had gradually allowed citizens access to information  and media as new technologies emerged. It was only a ray of sunlight  through a very small crack, but through it, people all across the  former Soviet Union and the Eastern Bloc could finally see and hear  what had long been hidden from them: jazz, rock `n' roll, Star Wars,  Chuck Norris, Dr. Zhivago, and Robinson Crusoe. History once erased was  restored. The truth of Stalin's murders was revealed.   Inevitably, the fatal conceit of a centrally planned Communist  economy was exposed, and large numbers of Russians realized just how  poorly their quality of life compared to the free, Western alternative.  They were even permitted rights to express dissatisfaction with their  circumstances.   A totalitarian regime's greatest ally is darkness and silence.  Keeping a people in the dark is the surest way to guarantee they never  demand their God-given rights. But just a trickle of information, just  a hint of truth, a small offering of differing perspectives, and a  touch of freedom of expression helped lead to the Soviet Union's  demise--``the freedom to say that two plus two make four.''   Free people become and stay free through open dialogue because of the  free exchange of information and ideas--even ones we disagree with;  because of patience with perspectives that are not our own; because we  study our history, celebrate its highs, and learn from its lows.   That is why--that is why--it was painful to read recently that over  60 percent of Americans are now scared to admit their beliefs or air  their opinions for fear of offending others and the consequences that  will come with it. It is painful to learn but easy to understand.   This is the logical reaction when Americans are regularly canceled,  as we say today, for things said or written decades ago, with no chance  of grace or allowance for growth. It is not just people who are being  canceled. It is words. It is music. Classrooms and libraries are  banning ``Huckleberry Finn'' and ``To Kill A Mockingbird'' rather than  encouraging students to examine or understand their authors' words and  messages. ``Hamilton'' is falling from grace now for the ``sin'' of  acknowledging America was created in 1776. Whole parts of our American  story are being wiped away.   Communities have a right to lawfully determine who and what adorns  their  [[Page S4890]]  squares and streets, but that is a world away from toppling statues of  George Washington and U.S. Grant in the same manner those of Lenin and  Stalin were once removed at the end of the Cold War.   Our entertainment industry is getting in on the act too. American  movies once inspired freedom seekers. Today, they are self-censored to  appease another totalitarian regime in Beijing.   America is a good nation. Those who call it home are decent and kind.  We are not perfect, but our imperfections are not irredeemable.   The year 2020 has made it clear, though, that much work remains in  the task of building a more perfect union. That effort is ongoing.  Every generation since our founding has worked toward it. Every  generation has made hard-earned progress, and our own work to create a  more just future will be no less difficult--certainly more so than  knocking down bronze and marble men or waging war on books or on each  other across social media.   Every time our Nation has moved closer to better realizing the  promise at the heart of our Declaration of Independence ``that all men  are created equal . . . endowed by their Creator with certain  inalienable Rights,'' it has been because the Founders dared to dream  that was possible and left us the means to do so: the freedom to raise  our voices and state our opinions, to disagree and respectfully debate;  the gift of free inquiry; the right to challenge our country on toward  what Martin Luther King, Jr., memorably called its noble dream through  words, music, art, or expression--all free from censorship and  recrimination.   These liberties--unparalleled in human history--were won, preserved,  and handed down to us by many of those whose memorials are falling. Out  of gratitude, we must remember the men and women who came before us. We  must see their faults but not lose sight of their virtues and aspire to  the high ideals they set for us, even if they often fell short of  realizing them. What will we have without these freedoms, without  memory and understanding of our past? Desolate public spaces, empty  bookshelves, silenced citizens with nothing to strive for other than  self-preservation. But with these freedoms and inspired by our history,  valuable debate and dialogue will flourish; daring ideas will be  welcome; and great ideas will live. And the work we are in--the work of  building a more perfect union and a freer and fairer nation--will be  possible. Let this be the path we choose.   It would be natural to close with a quote by one of our several  generations of Founding Fathers: Washington, Lincoln, King. But today I  feel it is more appropriate to remember another nation's founder and a  good American friend--a man who lived behind the Iron Curtain and knew  well the dangers of censorship and the power of free expression. As a  playwright and a musician, he suffered under censorship. As a public  leader, he helped his nation gain the power of free expression. It was  exactly 30 years ago today that Vaclav Havel, then the President of  Czechoslovakia, spoke in this building. ``You have thousands of  problems of all kinds, as other countries do,'' he observed of America.  ``But you have one great advantage,'' he reminded us. ``You have been  approaching democracy . . . for more than 200 years, and your journey  toward that horizon has never been disrupted by a totalitarian  system.''   Fellow Americans, our journey continues on toward that horizon, and  only we have the power to disrupt it. In this Nation, two plus two must  always equal four.   We can take a positive step forward in one respect. Here is how.  Beginning today, I will be regularly recognizing notable pieces of  Indiana's history. It may be through a floor speech or a resolution or  a social media posting. The purpose will be to celebrate and better  understand my State's part of America's story and to remember the  Hoosiers who--through and because of freedom of action, speech, and  expression--wrote that story. They will not be erased.   I yield the floor.   