 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arizona for  yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this bill. And when you  think about where we are as a country, we are in the middle of a global  pandemic. And at the beginning of this, after China lied--and let's be  very clear--China lied, not only to the United States, but to the  entire world about this disease that started in Wuhan.   And what they did, while they were lying, they corrupted the World  Health Organization, that entity that typically we all would look to  for guidance, and WHO literally was regurgitating the Chinese Communist  Party's talking points, saying it wasn't spread from human-to-human  contact, which was a lie. And we now have evidence to show that they  manipulated and deceived the rest of the world.   While they were doing that, Madam Speaker, they were hoarding PPE.  They were not only buying it up around the world, they make most of it  in China. We need to change that, by the way.   We should be spending our time here on the House floor, not limiting  the President's ability to keep Americans safe, which, fortunately,  President Trump was able to do. He did so effectively, properly; he  stopped flights coming in from China when we knew the disease was  coming from China, for goodness sake.   Why would you want to stop the President from being able to keep  Americans safe?   What we should be spending our time on right now, Madam Speaker, is  bringing more manufacturing back to America so we don't need to rely on  China, because they told even American companies like 3M that were  making PPE, you can't ship it back to the United States when our nurses  and doctors need it.   So President Trump said, we are going to use the Defense Production  Act. We are going to start making more of that here in America.   We need to put incentives to bring more of that back from China, so  we are not relying on them.   But no, we are not spending our time on that today, Madam Speaker. We  are spending our time with this bill that would limit and make it more  difficult for the President of the United States, any President--just  because some people don't like this President, they are going to make  it harder for any President to keep Americans safe, whether it is from  terrorists abroad, or whether it is for health pandemics that might  break out again in the future.   This is lunacy that we would be trying to make it harder for a  President to keep Americans safe. Thank goodness President Trump used  his executive powers to act like he did to stop the disease from  spreading more into this country. He saved thousands of lives.   If China wouldn't have lied to him, we would have had a few more  weeks. There is data that shows scientifically that tens of thousands  of lives would have been saved in America.   But at least the President was able to act when he had the proper  information. I know people like Joe Biden said it was xenophobic, for  goodness sake; criticized the President stopping people from coming in  from the place where the disease started. And others criticized him for  doing it as well. But it was the right thing to do. I am glad he took  that action.   The last thing we need to be doing in the middle of this pandemic is  making it harder for the President to keep Americans safe. I urge  everybody to vote ``no'' on this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague, the  gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Walker), for yielding.   I join with my colleagues, both Republican and Democrat, who mourn  the loss of John Lewis.   We have so many honors to be able to serve in a job like this where  we get to represent the people of this Nation, especially here in the  people's House where we truly do bring all of the different elements of  what makes America great into one body with people who represent every  different type of background and every different kind of community, the  kinds of people we get to serve with.   There are giants among the people we have the honor of serving with.  John Lewis was at the top of that list, and you knew it when you served  with him.   I remember telling colleagues years ago that, while we have our  differences, it is really important to go get to know especially some  of the legends, the giants we serve with in this body.   I remember talking about two Members in particular: it was John Lewis  and Sam Johnson, one Democrat, one Republican, two people who were just  giants. Unfortunately, we have now lost both of them in the last year.   Our institution is better because John Lewis was a part of this great  body, but it is what John fought for his whole life.   I know my colleague from North Carolina as well as my colleagues in  the Congressional Black Caucus talked about, earlier, his mantra of  ``good trouble.'' What John experienced in his life, there are so many  people who have freedoms today they would never have if John hadn't  gone through that.   I had an honor, like so many of my colleagues, to go with John, he  invited Members from both parties to go to Selma to be a part of  reliving that history, which was a dark side of our history, Bloody  Sunday, but one that John used as a teachable moment to bring people  from all parts of this country to walk across that Edmund Pettus  Bridge. I got to walk arm in arm with John. It was one of the great  honors I have had as a Member of Congress to be able to do that.   The whole time we were walking with him--this could be a moment that  John wanted to just leave in his past because he was so brutally  beaten, but he wanted to share the experiences. And as we were walking,  we would round the corner, and he would point to different buildings.  And he said: That is where we gathered. That is where some of the  people who were trying to stop us would be.   He helped organize the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee,  SNCC. He started at a young age in the civil rights movement, at a time  when it was not only difficult, but it was possibly life-threatening.  And for many, they did lose their life in that battle.   And John lost blood. He shed blood for the cause. But he never took  it as a moment to get down. He never took it as a moment to be bitter.   He wanted to continue fighting to make America a more perfect Union,  and he did. And that is what we will remember about John. We will  remember his warm-hearted spirit.   John was one of those very few people in a body like this where, when  he stood at the podium to speak, no matter what side you were on on  that issue, you stopped, you sat down, and you listened, because you  knew you were listening to somebody who was larger than life.   John is in a better place right now, but America is a better place  because John was here.   God bless John Lewis and his family.   