 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the following  amendments be called up en bloc and the Senate vote on adoption of the  amendments en bloc with no intervening action or debate.   Before I read the names, which I will do, I make that request: I ask  unanimous consent for the following amendments to be called up en bloc  and the Senate vote on adoption of the amendments en bloc with no  intervening action. I am going to list all of the amendments so there  is no misunderstanding.   The reason we are going to do this--we talked about this last night.  These have been hotlined. There are a total of about 28 amendments. I  will be naming in the Record those that I am asking the consent for:  Sullivan, No. 2127; Toomey, No. 2180; Rubio, No. 2305; Cruz, No. 2308,  as modified; Grassley, No. 2399; Fischer, No. 2431; Perdue, No. 2449;  Perdue, No. 2459; Tillis, No. 2484, refile of No. 2421; Portman, No.  2486, which is a refile of No. 2330; Peters, No. 1752; Cardin, No.  1876; Heinrich, No. 2221; Klobuchar, No. 2295; Udall, No. 2407;  Schumer, No. 2410; Booker, No. 2412; Duckworth, No. 2432; King, No.  2438; King, No. 2439; Grassley, No. 2436; Moran, No. 2446, as modified;  Cassidy, No. 2453; Crapo, No. 2430; Reed, No. 2461, as modified;  Klobuchar, No. 2437; Warner, No. 2471; and Bennet, No. 2429.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, this is an  issue that we have talked about for some time, and we have spent a  whole year on this bill. We have covered these issues before. I do  object to that modification.    Mr. Chairman, I would agree it is hard to find anything  with more merit than this. It is something I want to work very hard to  accomplish. However, we do have an agreement that this would violate.   For that reason, I object.    Reserving the right to object.   We have a President who has put this plan together. We spent a lot of  time on this. The Senate has been heard. We actually discussed this as  we put together our bill.   For that reason, I do object to the modification.    We are at the point now where I would like to make a few  comments, and I would like to ask our ranking member to make some  comments. This has been a long time in the making.   I have said several times on the floor that this, in my opinion, is  the most important bill of the year. It is something we have done every  year. This will be the 60th consecutive year that we have actually done  this bill.   It is never easy. One reason it is not easy is because everybody  knows it is going to pass, so people want to be a part of it and put  their many amendments that aren't even germane on this bill. We are now  to the point where, in just a few minutes, we are going to be voting on  the final passage of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal  Year 2021.   When Senator Reed and I introduced this bill, we thought we had a  good bill. The bill was really led by the Members. This never happened  before. We started off with over 700 requests and amendments so that  the Members themselves have drawn this bill together. It is not as if  it is put together by a committee; it was put together by all of us  here in the Chamber. The committee approved it 25 to 2. That is  overwhelming. I think everyone understands that.   We filed it with the hopes of adding a few more amendments on the  Senate floor. We did that. We added more than 140 amendments  altogether. We even had some debates and rollcall votes on amendments,  something we haven't done probably in the last 5 years or so.   Now we are voting on a great bill, a bill that every Senator had the  chance to make his or her remark on. Once the Senate passes this bill,  we will still have more work to do. We still have to go over to the  House and pass their bill. We have to go to conference with the House.  We will do that. We have done that every year for many, many years. Our  next step would be, of course, to do the conference.   Then we will work to make sure, once again, this is a bipartisan  conference report that both parties can support and the President can  sign.   It has been bipartisan. All these amendments--each group amendment  that the ranking member, Senator Reed, yesterday talked about--were  equally divided between Democrats and Republicans. I have not seen it  this way in the past. We will make sure, once again, that we have the  same bipartisan effort.   I have said it many times over the past several days and several  weeks that the NDAA is one of our most important responsibilities.  There is a document I refer to now and then that nobody reads anymore  called the Constitution. In that Constitution, it tells us what we are  supposed to be doing here. What we are supposed to be doing here is  exactly what we are doing today.   The National Defense Authorization Act is how we fulfill that  responsibility, and we have done this every year for 60 years in a row  now. It is a sacred responsibility we all have to all Americans,  especially our troops and their families--those in harm's way. Every  day they wake up, lay their lives on the line to defend our Nation and  our values and freedom, democracy, and peace.   Right now, the main challenge to our security comes from  authoritarian regimes that stand against all of our values. I am  talking about China and Russia and others--primarily China and Russia.   The way we win against our adversaries is by making sure our fights  never start by sending a strong message that ``you can't win; don't  even try.'' That is what we are doing with this bill.   The National Defense Strategy Commission report is significant  because this is the second time now we have done this. This is a book  that was put together by six leading Democrats, six leading  Republicans--all very knowledgeable on this issue. It is called the  ``Common Defense.'' This is what we have used as our blueprint. We  stayed pure with that all the way through.   The NDAA makes sure that we have the personnel, the equipment, the  training, and the organization needed to support the strategy that is  found in this book. If we get it right, we will be set on a steady  course toward a peaceful, free, and prosperous world--not just for us  but for our children and our grandchildren as well. Kay and I have been  married for 60 years. We have 20 kids and grandkids. We know something  about this and the significance of this.   The backbone of all of this is our men and women in uniform, so this  bill is for them. The bill provides for a 3-percent pay raise, the  largest one in over a decade. It also takes care of the families and  makes sure their spouses have employment opportunities, children have  access to good schools and childcare, and they are all living with a  quality roof over their heads.  [[Page S4448]]    These are priorities that go beyond party. That is why this bill has  passed for the last 59 years in a row with bipartisan support, and that  is why we are going to do it again today.   There is talk out there that people in Washington don't really work  that hard. Let me assure you, they do in this case. We have been  blessed with a couple of leaders, this great committee we have that put  this together. Those leaders include John Bonsell. John Bonsell has  been working in this effort with me for well over 20 years, and he was  a great leader of this group. On the Democratic side, the minority  side, Liz King has worked hand in hand with John Bonsell. The whole  team has worked together.   Developing a bill that comes out of committee with only two  dissenting votes is not something that is done every day. I want to  personally thank those individuals on our side, and we will ask Senator  Reed to do the same on the minority side.   We want to thank not just John Bonsell but John Wason, Tom Goffus,  Stephanie Barna, Greg Lilly, Marta Hernandez, Rick Berger, Jennie  Wright, Adam Barker, Augusta BinnsBerkey, Al Edwards, Sean O'Keefe,  Brad Patout, Jason Potter, Katie Sutton, Eric Trager, Dustin Walker,  T.C. Williams, Otis Winkler, Gwyneth Woolwine, Katie Magnus, Arthur  Tellis, Leah Brewer, Debbie Chiarello, Gary Howard, Tyler Wilkinson,  John Bryant, Griffin Cannon, Keri-Lyn Michalke, Soleil Sykes, Brittany  Amador, Jillian Schofield.   We will cover those from the minority side in just a moment.   From my personal office: Luke Holland, Andrew Forbes, Leacy Burke,  Don Archer, Travis Tarbox--who just got his promotion to major  yesterday--Brian Brody, Dan Hillenbrand, Jake Hinch, Devin Barrett,  Laurie Fitch, and Whitney Fulluo.   Lastly, from the floor staff: Robert Duncan, Chris Tuck, Megan  Mercer, Tony Hanagan, Katherine Foster, Brian Canfield, Abigail Baker,  Anna Carmack, and Maddie Sanborn.   It is because of the tireless work of all these fine people--we are  talking about the members of the committee, the personal staff, and we  are talking about the staff in the cloakrooms--I want to thank them  all. This is our only opportunity to do that.   We are going to hear now from the ranking member, Senator Reed, and  then, after that, we will vote and look forward to this year's NDAA  passing with a strong bipartisan majority.   Senator Reed    Mr. President, I know of no further debate.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   