 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to be recognized  for such time as I may consume.    Madam President, for the next week, the Senate is going  to be debating what I consider to be and what I think most people  consider to be the most important bill of the year--the National  Defense Authorization Act. It is an act that we passed and have passed  every year for 60 years.   In just a few days, American families across the country will  celebrate the Fourth of July, Independence Day--the day that honors our  blessings of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Not all  countries share these values; in fact, they reject them. China and  Russia would rather have an authoritarian world, one where democracy  doesn't exist, where the rest of the world yields to them.   The national defense strategy is a document that I refer to all the  time. It was put together a few years ago when actually 12 really  expert Democrats and 12 expert Republicans came to an agreement as to  what our defense should look like in the future. According to this  book, China and Russia are our greatest threats right now. They are  building up their militaries and expanding their influence around the  world.   The fiscal year 2021 National Defense Authorization Act is about  sending a message to China and Russia that there is no way you can  defeat us, so don't try. That is a pretty blunt message. We couldn't  have sent that message 2 years ago. We have been building up, but we  are still not where we should be.   We know the way we preserve peace is by demonstrating our strength.  We have the best military in the world, and our enemies need to know  that. We can't rest on our laurels. We have to implement the national  defense strategy because our comparative military advantage is at risk  right now. China and Russia are actually catching up and have surpassed  us in some areas. Here is one big reason: China and Russia have  invested in their military.   This is a shocker when you talk to people because they don't expect  it. I learned many years ago--or at least I believed--that we had the  best of everything ever since World War II, and it was true for a long  period of time. Yet, during the period of time between 2009 and 2018,  China increased its military spending by 83 percent. That is just  remarkable. Russia has grown its budget by 35 percent. During that same  period of time, from 2010 to 2015, for that 5-year period during the  Obama administration, we reduced our military by 25 percent. Think  about that. China increased theirs by 83 percent, and we reduced ours  by 25 percent during that same time period.   Don't forget that these countries willfully mislead on many things,  including on the actual sizes of their defense budgets. Russia's is  almost three times larger than most people think it is. They look at it  and think, well, ours is larger than theirs. It is just that we don't  get accurate information, and we know the threats that are out there.   Because of these investments, China and Russia have grown not just  the sizes of their militaries but their capabilities as well. Last  October, China paraded a hypersonic weapon. I remember that so well  because it was live on TV. I saw it on television. This was state-of- the-art for both offense and defense, and China had it. Some people  said China was maybe faking it, but I believe it had it. It was in a  parade, and China showed us that it had something we don't even have.  We don't have it yet.   Their investments aren't restricted by their borders, and I have seen  their buildup, actually, across the world. One prime example is that  China recently built its first overseas military base. It was in  Djibouti. Now, prior to this time in Djibouti and throughout Africa,  there was nothing. There was a lot of Chinese presence but not a  military operation. In fact, historically, military operations from  China have always started in and were evident within its own city  limits. I mean, this is where China worked--not in Djibouti, not in  northern Africa. In fact, I actually flew over the area. It was  supposed to be a restricted area.   So there is China over there in Africa, where they have never been  before, and in Djibouti, and not just in Djibouti but all the way into  southern Tanzania.   And so that is what is going on right now. It wasn't going on before.  Now we see China and Russia grow more and more aggressive and  antagonistic.   China, in particular, has used the pandemic to lash out in every  direction. They have antagonized and harassed the Taiwanese, the  Vietnamese, the Indonesian vessels in the South China Sea, and they  have used every tool that they could to harass them.   Do you know what they are doing in the South China Sea? And I did  witness this. They did something that most people don't know is going  on. China has actually built seven islands, and when you see what they  have on these islands--they don't hide it--it is as if they are  preparing for World War III.   Now, we saw 20 Indian soldiers dead, killed by what are essentially  baseball bats with spikes when the Chinese conducted a military  incursion in territory claimed by China. That just happened.   I called and talked to their Ambassador and gave them our  condolences, but that is what China is capable of doing.   Meanwhile, Russia continues to prop up the murderous Assad regime.  Putin has sent mercenaries to Libya and throughout Africa.   Both countries have been supporting the corrupt Maduro regime in  Venezuela.   We have seen warning signs of this for at least a decade. Meanwhile,  the previous administration let our military advantage erode. For 8  years, we had a President for whom the military was not a top priority.  I respected him because he had other areas that he thought were more  significant. Of course, he was President of the United States, and he  did it.   But I have to remind you of what I just said a minute ago. We went  down by 25 percent between the 5-year period of 2010 and 2015. At the  same time, Russia was increasing by 35 percent. We were reducing 25  percent, and they were increasing. China was increasing by 83 percent.  Defending America wasn't his top priority, but he was honest about it,  and we learned that there were areas where we were falling behind.   Now we have started turning around. Now we have a President whose  priority is keeping American families secure, and over the past few  years, we began rebuilding our military. Thanks to President Trump--the  guy that everyone criticizes--we are restoring our military might with  new planes, new ships, and new weapons.   Take what we are doing at Fort Sill, as an example. Fort Sill is in  my State of Oklahoma. Right now, we are outranged and outgunned by  Russia and China. Fort Sill is leading the Army's modernization efforts  on the long-range precision fire to restore our combat advantage. That  is what is happening all over the country too. So we are pulling out of  this thing.   Restoring our might is important, but it is not the only thing that  matters. We have to make sure that the planes, the ships, and the  weapons are in the right places at the right time, and that is what the  NDAA does. That is what we are talking about right now.   The NDAA, as I stated before, I think is the most significant bill  that we have all year round, and this will be the 60th year that we  have passed it. It makes sure that we have a credible military  deterrent that signals to any potential adversaries that they don't  stand a chance against us. That is what we are in the process of doing.  That is what this bill is all about.   We introduced it and started talking about it yesterday. We probably  should have this finished prior to the 4th of July recess. We should  have it passed, although that may be a little bit ambitious.   So we are implementing the National Defense Strategy. That is this  book that we are all so proud of. It is bipartisan. It is saying what  we need to do to defend America, and this document is one that we are  following to the letter right now. It is our roadmap.   The bill establishes the Pacific Deterrence Initiative. That is kind  of patterned after the European Deterrence Initiative. It focuses  resources on the Indo-Pacific, addressing key military capabilities and  gaps. That is the area that we are concentrating on right now, and that  is what our document says we should be doing. That is what we are doing  with the Defense authorization bill.  [[Page S3281]]    The bill ensures that we have a combat-credible forward posture, and  it helps us develop and field the joint capabilities needed to take on  the conflicts envisioned by this NDS report.   We push back on China's and Russia's attempts to expand their  influence by building new alliances and partnerships and strengthening  existing ones. They are busy. They are out there.   We protect against intrusion from China and Russia in space and  beyond. That is what we have in the bill. That is what we are  envisioning we will be able to do.   We safeguard proprietary technology and intellectual property from  being infiltrated by the Government of China.   We also reduce our reliance on foreign countries like China as a  source for a variety of materials and technologies, including some of  the microelectronics and rare earth minerals, but also medical devices.   Last but not least, we accelerate investment in research and  development into technology that would help us catch up with China and  Russia--hypersonic weapons, artificial intelligence, quantum computing,  and more.   We are not leading in all areas, as most people in America think we  are, but we are making such great progress. Our Defense authorization  bill last year put us way ahead of where we were before, and this bill  does the same thing. So the bill sends a message--a strong message--to  China and Russia and anyone else who would try it: We know what you are  up to. We know how to stop you. You simply can't win against us.   So I encourage my colleagues, first of all, to get all of their  amendments in. We are trying to get our amendments in by Friday. If we  can do that, we will probably get this thing done possibly even by a  week from today.   So we have been working on it all year long, and this is one of the  bills that we work on all year long, and we have a whole team working,  including Liz King and John Bonsell. John Bonsell is the Republican  staff director, and Liz is with the Democratic staff group, working  with my partner in this. They have worked very well together, and we  should have this bill done and ready to take out.   Of course, let's keep in mind what we want to accomplish. We want to  put our country ahead of China and Russia and get us out of this  problem area that we have--an area where our allies believe they are  preparing for World War III. So that is what the bill is all about.  Hopefully, we will get this thing done and have the necessary  ingredients in there. This should be the year that we actually go ahead  of China and Russia. We want to make it happen, and this is the only  way to do it.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   