 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, thank you to my colleagues last night  for an incredibly strong vote, 80 to 17, on the motion to proceed to  this debate on the Great American Outdoors Act. We have a lot of work  ahead of us this week and obviously a lot more debate to take place.  But one thing is certain, we have taken the first step toward a  historic bill that protects our public lands, that enhances the  incredible work that our national parks do and the policies and goals  and ideas they represent around this great Nation.   The Great American Outdoors Act combines two long-held values of both  our national parks and the Nation's crown jewel conservation program,  the Land and Water Conservation Fund. The Restore Our Parks Act, of  course, establishes a fund to set aside dollars to catch up with our  backlog of projects that needs to be done, the deferred maintenance  backlog in our national parks. It sets up about a $1.9 billion a year  fund to work on roads and visitor centers and the resources that are  being loved to death at parks across the country.   It is beyond just parks, of course. It also funds our Forest Service,  the Bureau of Land Management, now headquartered in Grand Junction, CO,  and our Fish and Wildlife Service properties, as well as the Bureau of  Indian Education.   This act will create jobs; it will create opportunities; but most  importantly, it will enhance the resources that this country loves for  generations to come.   The second part, of course, of the Great American Outdoors Act is the  Land and Water Conservation Fund. You can see here, the monument, the  Great Sand Dunes National Park. This one right here shows the Land and  Water Conservation Fund along the scenic San Juan Byway.   This is an incredible opportunity for us to preserve the Land and  Water Conservation Fund, make it permanently authorized, as we have  done through the John D. Dingell Conservation Act, but also permanently  fund it through the Great American Outdoors Act. This is a great  opportunity for us to fully fund the Land and Water Conservation Fund.   That bill that permanently authorized the Land and Water Conservation  Fund passed 92 to 8. Last night, the cloture on the motion to proceed  passed 80 to 17. This is not a red or blue issue. This is not a left or  right issue. This is not a Republican or Democratic issue. This is an  American people issue, an idea the American people instituted in this  country centuries ago and, in the case of our Forest Service, a century  ago--over a century ago. The opportunities to protect our public lands  is significant this week, historic this week, one of the greatest  conservation achievements that this Congress will have had in decades.   I want to turn to a little bit of the work that we have done in  Colorado with the Land and Water Conservation Fund. This is an  incredibly important opportunity for us because not only will it help  with our most precious places, but it also helps provide access to land  that we already have, owned by the American people, public lands that  are already held by the American people, but we have no way to access  them.   In fact, it is estimated that we have an area the size of Rocky  Mountain National Park. Rocky Mountain National Park is the third most  heavily visited park in the country. We have an area of land the size  of Rocky Mountain National Park that is held by the public. It is owned  by the public, but they can't get to it. They have no access to it.   So the Land and Water Conservation Fund is a tool that can be used to  provide access to those lands for hunting, for fishing, for hiking, for  recreating. And if you look at that economy, if you look at what it  means to our State, it is billions and billions of dollars in economic  activity. It is hundreds of thousands of jobs in the great State of  Colorado. Across this Nation, it is over 5 million jobs. That is the  importance of having new access to places to hunt, to fish, to hike, to  recreate--those opportunities.   If you go back to the picture of the sand dunes here--I talked a  little bit about it last night--we were able to purchase the Baca  National Wildlife Refuge, which is a key part of the Great Sand Dunes  National Park. It preserved an ecosystem that helps keep the sand dunes  in place.   It is important to recognize that this isn't just about protecting  the sand dunes. This isn't just about saying ``All right, the sand  dunes go from point A to point B, and we are going to protect  everything in between'' because the entire ecosystem in the San Luis  Valley plays a role in the formation of the Great Sand Dunes in this  particular area, and the way the water is underground creates a charge,  basically, that gives into the sand the particulates, and it is what  holds the sand in place. Without that water that is underneath the sand  dunes, the sand dunes simply blow away because they don't have the  static charge, basically, to keep them in place.   So we are able to use the Land and Water Conservation Fund to  preserve areas around the sand dunes that preserve that precious  resource for the San Luis Valley that keeps the sand from blowing away.  As a result, hundreds of thousands of people visit this area of  Colorado. They spend money at hotels; they spend money at restaurants;  they spend money at the sporting goods shops; and it helps grow the  economy.   While it has been closed for a while, it is back open again. People  are starting to get back out and to travel and to spend those dollars.   Colorado has benefited from 38 LWCF projects totaling $281.2 million  over the last 50 years at the Great Sand Dunes, the Uncompahgre, over  at the Arapaho and Roosevelt, the Gunnison, the Rio Grande, Canyon of  the Ancients National Monument, and beyond.   If you look at the list of LWCF projects that have benefited our  local communities, it is page after page of ballfields and parks and  water projects and recreation opportunities in counties from corner to  corner across our great State.   If you dial in a little bit closer to Rocky Mountain National Park-- as I mentioned, the third busiest park in the country--Rocky Mountain  National Park has about $84 million--a little over $84 million--in  deferred maintenance backlog. This bill will help overcome that.   We need to rehabilitate the Alpine Visitor Center developed area. The  highest paved road in North America is  [[Page S2778]]  Trail Ridge Road, going through Rocky Mountain National Park and up to  the Alpine Visitor Center, where you have an amazing, expansive  opportunity to learn and to recreate. We need to resurface Beaver  Meadows Road, to improve the visitor safety and visitor access at  several trail heads, to rehabilitate the East Water System and Moraine  Park Campground, to construct an emergency operations center--those are  the kinds of things that we continue to work on at Rocky Mountain  National Park.   At Mesa Verde--now, not everybody has been to Mesa Verde National  Park, but think about this: It was established in 1906, well over 100  years ago, to preserve and interpret the archeological heritage of the  ancestral Pueblo people, who made it their home for over 700 years-- from 600 to 1,300 current events.   Today, the park protects nearly 5,000 known archeological sites-- 5,000 archeological sites--and 600 cliff dwellings, some of the most  notable and best preserved dwellings in the United States. We have to  continue our work. There is $76 million in backlog at Mesa Verde Park  alone; Black Canyon of the Gunnison, nearly $8 million in backlog;  Great Sand Dunes National Park, over $8 million in backlog. We know we  have additional Land and Water Conservation Fund efforts that we could  protect, preserve, and promote with the passage of this bill.   I am just going to--and I know we are going to have more  conversations today--talk about the economic benefit of this. In March,  as the first waves of coronavirus started to pose the economic impact  that we are dealing with today, some of the very first places hit in  terms of economic impact were the Western Slope areas of Colorado-- areas that had their ski season shut down months early, areas that had  hotels empty and restaurants closed months earlier than they otherwise  would have.   Of course, now we are into the summer season, and the summer  recreation season has expanded dramatically, thanks to the bipartisan  work the Congress has done over the past several years. Now those  restaurants see fewer numbers and hotels see fewer numbers because it  is now affecting the summer recreation season.   This bill--the Great American Outdoors Act--comes at a time to  provide new jobs to those communities that have lost jobs. In fact, it  is estimated that we will create over 100,000 jobs in just the parks  part of this legislation alone; that for every $1 million we spend in  Land and Water Conservation Fund and outdoor recreation, we are going  to create between 16 and 30 jobs; that it supports the creation of  between 16 and 30 jobs for every $1 million spent, at a time when  America needs it most.   We have a chance to pass a bill--the Great American Outdoors Act--to  create jobs, to create economic opportunity, to create the hope we need  in communities across this country that have spent the last 3 months  not in the great outdoors but in the great indoors, and they are ready  to get back to life. There is no greater life than the opportunity to  get out and enjoy the blessings of God's labor.   I want to thank my colleague Joe Manchin of West Virginia, my  colleague Steve Daines from Montana for the great work they have done  to get this bill to the floor this week.   Obviously, Senator Portman and Senator Warner and Senators Alexander  and King and Senators Heinrich and Cantwell have played an incredible  role.   We have a lot more votes this week, and I hope my colleagues will  continue to support this opportunity to grow our economy, protect the  outdoors, and make this beautiful part of our country last for  generations more   I yield the floor.   