 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I speak on the House floor tonight, not as somebody who  has ever served on the House Energy and Commerce Committee, but as  someone who was a freshman in the 115th Congress with a very, very  specific and very direct link to a piece of legislation we were  advocating known as the right-to-try bill.   When I got sworn in, one of the first people I sought out was  Chairman   Greg Walden. I went to his office, and I was initially taken  aback by the photography he had throughout his office of his district,  which is an incredibly beautiful district in Oregon.   We have all had many meetings in our time in Congress here, but one  of my memories is, when I met with Chairman Walden, I have to  acknowledge I was very intimidated. I was a freshman Member speaking to  a committee chairperson of a very, very significant committee.   The time, the attention, and the respect that he showed me and the  issue that I cared about I will never forget. It is one of those  memories that I have of my freshman term that I will never forget.   We have all heard many definitions of character being spoken  throughout our lives. My favorite definition is character being defined  as the things that we do and the decisions that we make when nobody  else is watching.   Having worked with Chairman Walden on the right-to-try bill, his  honesty, his integrity, and his commitment to doing the right thing-- not the politically popular thing, not what any interest group was  advocating for, but trying to get the specifics and the details of a  piece of very important legislation right--was very, very instructive  to me. It was probably the greatest experience and the greatest  learning experience I had as a freshman Member of Congress.   For Greg to walk away having accomplished all that he has on his own  is reminiscent of my favorite President, George Washington. Everybody  wanted him to continue serving, and all he wanted to do was go back  home to his farm in Mount Vernon, live under the laws he helped pass,  and make way for a new generation of leadership, which is one of the  reasons he is so revered throughout history.   Likewise, we ought to respect Chairman Walden, our friend, Greg, for  doing the same thing: for understanding the important things in life,  for valuing his family the way he does, knowing that as much as he  enjoys this job and how humbled he is to serve in the capacity he has,  he is going back home to his family because they are the most important  things to him.   So, Chairman Walden, Godspeed to you. We love you. Thank you for all  you have done, not just for this Chamber, but for the United States.   