 Madam President, I think it is important to point out that  as we discuss the issue of coronavirus relief, that Senate Republicans  have now not once but twice brought a bill to the floor of the U.S.  Senate that enjoyed the support of a majority of U.S. Senators. There  were 52 Senators who voted for coronavirus relief not once but twice-- once in September and once in October. Not a single Democrat voted for  it.   The Democratic leader was just talking about the House of  Representatives, where they passed a bill. Yes, they passed a bill. It  didn't have a single Republican on it. It was a massive multitrillion- dollar bill, liberal wish list, that included all kinds of things like  bailouts for blue States the taxpayers would have to finance, including  tax cuts for millionaires in places like New York and California, and  left a lot of the American people who are really suffering from the  coronavirus holding the bag.   We believe that there are things that need to be done, and just  because we can't do everything that the Democrats want to do on their  liberal wish list, that we should do something, and Republicans came  together behind a bill. They increased the support above and beyond  what unemployed workers would normally get through unemployment  insurance--increased that benefit by $300 a week. It also provided a  significant amount of funding for schools as they continue to deal with  the cost of trying to stay open safely. It put significant investments  into vaccines, testings, therapeutics, support for providers, and all  the things that will help on the healthcare front to defeat this virus.  And, of course, it provided infusion of additional dollars for the  Paycheck Protection Program, which has been so successful in assisting  our small businesses as they weather and survive this crisis to try and  keep their workers employed and keep their businesses up and operating  and keep our economy operating in this country.   Those are all things--all things--for which there is bipartisan  support and on which there should be votes, not just among Republicans  in the Senate but among Democrats as well, but unfortunately the  Democrats have opted not to sit down in a reasonable way and come up  with a reasonable proposal.   The bill that came over from the House of Representatives that they  continue to tout is something that would never pass in the Senate, and  it would never get signed into law.   The bill that Senate Republicans passed--I shouldn't say passed but  got majority support for here in the Senate not once but twice--would,  in fact, get signed into law and is something that could pass here in  the Senate and I believe in the House of Representatives, too, because  they are all things that enjoy broad bipartisan support.   The difference is that our bill was targeted to those areas which  need the support the most. It was fiscally responsible, recognizing  that we have a $26 trillion debt growing by the day and that every  dollar we spend is a borrowed dollar from our children and  grandchildren.  [[Page S7050]]    It is so important that when we do this, we do this in a way that is  thoughtful, deliberative, reasonable, and with an eye toward making  sure we are getting a good return for the American taxpayer and  delivering assistance in a targeted way to those folks who need it the  most--unemployed workers; those who are employed; the small businesses  that employ them; the healthcare frontline workers who are out there  every day fighting this fight against this virus, making sure they have  the PPE to protect them--and then, of course, the important investments  we are making in vaccines and therapeutics and testing and all the  things that will help defeat this; money for schools, colleges,  universities, elementary and high school students and faculty and  administration--those who are trying to keep our kids in school, keep  them educated by dealing with a lot of additional costs related to  providing that education in a safe way.   Those are all things on which there is broad bipartisan agreement. We  could pass it today. We could pass it today in the Senate, but the  Democrats insist on a liberal wish list, which includes a  multitrillion-dollar proposal--multitrillion-dollar proposal--with a  liberal wish list, an agenda that in many cases has nothing to do with  combating or fighting the coronavirus but simply is an attempt to  deliver on a liberal agenda for their political base. So let's just  make that point very clearly here when we talk about what we should be  doing.   I believe what we should be doing is sitting down and working on a  reasonable bill, a targeted bill, a fiscally responsible bill.  Republicans have been more than willing to do that and more than  willing to compromise, but the Democrats both in the House and the  Senate continue to insist upon a multitrillion-dollar bill that  consists, again, of a bunch of liberal wish list items--taxpayer  bailouts for blue States, tax cuts for millionaires across this  country, putting money into diversity studies on cannabis--instead of  the targeted things, the things that are really going to be necessary  to help the American people and our economy recover from the  coronavirus.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from Colorado (Mr.  Gardner), the Senator from Iowa (Mr. Grassley), and the Senator from  Florida (Mr. Scott).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea,'' the Senator from Iowa (Mr.  Grassley) would have voted ``yea,'' and the Senator from Florida (Mr.  Scott) would have voted ''yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from Colorado (Mr.  Gardner), the Senator from Iowa (Mr. Grassley), and the Senator from  Florida (Mr. Scott).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea,'' the Senator from Iowa (Mr.  Grassley) would have voted ``yea,'' and the Senator from Florida (Mr.  Scott) would have voted ``yea.''    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion  to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the  President be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  mandatory quorum call with respect to the Mizelle nomination be waived.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from Colorado (Mr.  Gardner), the Senator from Iowa (Mr. Grassley), and the Senator from  Florida (Mr. Scott).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea,'' the Senator from Iowa (Mr.  Grassley) would have voted ``yea,'' and the Senator from Florida (Mr.  Scott) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from Colorado (Mr.  Gardner), the Senator from Iowa (Mr. Grassley), and the Senator from  Florida (Mr. Scott).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea,'' the Senator from Iowa (Mr.  Grassley) would have voted ``yea,'' and the Senator from Florida (Mr.  Scott) would have voted ``yea.''   