 Madam Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R.  5332, the Protecting Your Credit Score Act.   I would like to thank the ranking member for his leadership, but also  my colleague from New Jersey. Not only is he a friend, but I respect  him very much, and I do applaud his efforts on this legislation.   I share his interest in ensuring credit reports are complete,  accurate, and transparent, but I believe this bill fails to achieve  that goal.   The passage of H.R. 5332 will have harmful and unintended  consequences for consumers. It is, simply put, yet another veiled  attempt to socialize the credit reporting and scoring industry that  will cause harm to hardworking Americans.    This bill is disguised as pro-consumer, but H.R. 5332 will decrease  competition, increase the cost of credit for consumers, provide  opportunities for trial attorneys to exploit the litigation system, and  expand the authority of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.   It undermines the Fair Credit Reporting Act and our ability to  maintain a nationwide credit reporting system that benefits businesses  and consumers. This bill would create a conflicting patchwork of  interpretations of the Fair Credit Reporting Act that will lead to  confusion among financial institutions and raise costs for all  consumers.   While my colleague named this bill the Protecting Your Credit Score  Act of 2019, it does little to protect consumers and their data. Quite  to the contrary, it expands and increases the risk of harm to consumers  affected by a data breach.   This bill mandates the three nationwide credit reporting agencies  create a shared online portal and would create significant  cybersecurity vulnerabilities for consumers and companies, all while  creating opportunities for bad actors to manipulate and take advantage  of our consumer data.   I know a little bit about this because I have done this for about 22  years.   Creating a one-stop-shop for the credit report, personal information,  and Social Security number of every individual would be disastrous in  the event of a cyber hack or data breach.   We need to find targeted solutions that focus on increasing the  cybersecurity capability at credit reporting agencies, increase  competition, and increase access to credit for consumers and  businesses, rather than put forward proposals that undermine the  consumer reporting system and further empower unelected bureaucrats at  the expense of the free market.   