 Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning in opposition to H.R.  7617.   I do appreciate the efforts of the majority in producing the FY 2021  appropriations package that we are considering on the floor today. This  bill addresses many priorities and concerns that Members on both sides  of the aisle have.   There are a lot of things in this bill that we all agree on,  particularly in division B of the Commerce, Justice, Science, and  Related Agencies Appropriations Act.   I do want to thank Chairman Serrano for including the resources  necessary to work toward completion of the Space Launch System, or, as  it is commonly called, the SLS, including no less than $400 million for  the Block 1B version of the Space Launch System.   With its powerful Exploration Upper Stage and the 8.4-meter payload  fairing, the Block 1B represents a transformational strategic  capability for the United States and deep-space exploration.   NASA must increase the pace of SLS production to ensure that a Space  Launch System is available for the Europa missions and other future  science missions, in addition to meeting all human exploration needs.   I also want to thank Chairman Serrano. Of course, as has been said,  he is going to be retiring after this term. We certainly will miss him  around here in the House Chamber and the Capitol complex.   I want to thank him also for including $110 million for the nuclear  thermal propulsion, a level necessary to work toward the design of a  flight demonstration by 2024.   In addition to some key space priorities, the bill also addresses  issues impacting all of our communities. It increases funding for  critical drug court programs and other vital initiatives that address  the opioid epidemic, as well as the DNA analysis programs  [[Page H4114]]  that are helping to solve cold cases and eliminate the backlog of  sexual assault cases.    The bill also rightly directs the Department of Justice to undertake  novel approaches to addressing online child exploitation, obscenity,  and human trafficking.   In addition, the bill includes strong funding for the agencies to  ensure compliance with trade laws and agreements. I am especially  pleased that it funds the aluminum import monitoring program.   The bill also supports the administration's Industries of the Future  initiative with new investments in quantum information science,  artificial intelligence, 5G research, and advanced manufacturing.   Finally, I want to thank Chairman Serrano and his staff for including  $10 million for the VORTEX Southeast program. The number of killer  tornadoes in the southeastern part of the United States is really  disproportionate to the overall number of tornadoes throughout the  country. VORTEX Southeast is doing critical work to better understand  environmental factors and improve weather forecast communications in my  home region of the South and Southeast.   However, with all of this being said, the strong funding that is in  some areas of this bill, unfortunately, it makes the deficiencies in  this bill even more glaring.   For example, we all saw for ourselves several weeks ago, when the  Nation witnessed the first U.S.-based launch of astronauts in 10 years,  the passion of the American people at that time for a renewed era of  space exploration and a recognition of the strategic value of U.S.  space supremacy.   Yet, this bill that we are debating today rejects America's Moon-to- Mars Artemis initiative and the capabilities needed to land the first  woman on the Moon by 2024.   Worse still, this bill caters to the radical demands of defunding so  many of our law enforcement agencies across the board. None of the  Federal law enforcement agencies in this bill, including the FBI, the  ATF, the DEA, or the U.S. Marshals Service, are fully funded in this  legislation.   The Attorney General has made fighting gun crime one of his  priorities, yet none of his initiatives received the requested  increase. Even bipartisan requests to address violent gun crime, along  with the request to increase resources for the investigation and  prosecution of human trafficking, child exploitation, and high-tech  organized crime at the Federal level, have been marginalized in this  bill.   The bill includes so many new unauthorized conditions on the Byrne  JAG and COPS programs, it seems these grants will basically be halted  indefinitely.   I have no doubt that our side of the aisle could have supported some  bipartisan police training reforms and other policy initiatives, had  the majority not bowed to the pressure of defunding so many of these  programs.   The bill also sets a terrible precedent by proposing to use hard- earned taxpayer dollars to defend people crossing the border illegally.  Sadly, it will only serve to further entice people to make that  dangerous journey as they head north.   This bill eliminates several longstanding Second Amendment  protections that have enjoyed historical bipartisan support. The  elimination of freedoms that are not even associated with firearms is  an unfortunate outgrowth of the gun control agenda with no basis in the  science of criminal justice.   In closing, I want to thank Chairwoman Lowey and Chairman Serrano and  all of their staff for their hard work. They both have great careers,  and we will certainly miss them.   Just in closing, I do want to say thanks to the minority staff:  Stephanie Gadbois, Darren Benjamin, and Kristin Clarkson, along with  the majority staff, Bob Bonner, Jeff Ashford, Trisha Castaneda, Faye  Cobb, T.J. Lowdermilk, Shannon McCully, and B.G. Wright.    I continue to be committed to working with the majority  in good faith as we proceed through the legislative process, and I look  forward to the debate that we will have today.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bipartisan en  bloc amendment. This amendment includes various provisions that make  improvements to division B of this bill.   Among other things, it increases funding to study the root cause of  school violence.   It also provides additional support for child advocacy centers, which  will work to hold child abusers accountable  [[Page H4132]]  and help children heal through this process.   This amendment also highlights the work of the International Trade  Administration and its important role in the enforcement of the  antidumping and countervailing duty laws. I agree with the amendment's  sponsors that it is critical that the ITA allocates sufficient  resources to protect American jobs from illegal foreign trade  practices.   Finally, the amendment also includes a strong bipartisan provision  advancing university research on artificial intelligence.   Mr. Speaker, in closing this is a good amendment, and I would  recommend a ``yes'' vote.    Mr. Speaker, I do rise in support of this amendment.  The amendment improves the bill by including addressing several  important Republican priorities, especially in division B.   For example, it increases the funding for school hardening measures  under the STOP School Violence Act. It offsets this cost with a  reduction of unauthorized appropriations for a new program that is  included in the bill that will provide lawyers for undocumented  immigrants arriving at our southern border.   The amendment also strikes a provision in the bill that would  restrict the data of the Census Bureau that it can provide to the  American people. The American people deserve more information when it  comes to the Census, not less. The Trump administration has rightly  made developing complete and accurate data on the U.S. population a top  priority.   In addition, this amendment highlights the important work of the  Department of Commerce in advancing U.S. leadership in space.   Finally, the amendment would increase funding for NOAA's Weather and  Climate Operational Supercomputing System.   In closing, Mr. Speaker, I would like to commend the sponsors of this  amendment for their efforts to highlight important, yet sometimes  overlooked, priorities that very much improve this bill, and I  recommend a ``yes'' on the amendment.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this amendment.    Mr. Speaker, this proposal that is being referred to  here would prevent Federal law enforcement from enforcing current law,  protecting public health, and ensuring community safety.   Under the Controlled Substances Act, the Drug Enforcement  Administration defines Schedule I drugs as ``having no currently  accepted medical use and a high potential for abuse.'' And according to  the National Institute on Drug Abuse, there is scientifically ``no  recognized medical benefit from smoking or eating marijuana plants.''   Claims of benefits from smoked or ingested marijuana are very  unreliable and generally outright fabrication. However, it is an  established fact that marijuana use has real health and social harms.  This is true especially in children; young people with developing  brains and those with impaired physical or psychological conditions.  And new data shows crime and health problems from marijuana use and  trafficking, in particular, in States that have criminalized its use.   Mr. Speaker, this amendment sends the wrong message about the most  widely abused drug in the United States. It should be noted--and this  is very important--according to the DEA, more young people receive  treatment for marijuana dependency than for alcohol or all other  illegal drugs combined. This amendment ignores the problems of abuse  and sends the false message to youth that smoking marijuana is healthy.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge the rejection of this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, let me just say, I know the gentleman from  Oregon is very passionate, and I respect the gentleman very much, but I  do want to say that this amendment ignores the problems of abuse. It  sends a false message to our young people across this country that  smoking marijuana is healthy. And I strongly urge the rejection of the  amendment.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, ObamaCare has been an unlawful failure.  Fortunately, this administration remains committed to providing more  affordable healthcare options to all Americans.   Debating the prospects of future judicial action will not help us  deliver on our promise to bring better healthcare to our constituents.  Congress needs to work, rather, on a bipartisan basis, with the  administration, to ensure quality, affordable care.   In addition, it is not appropriate for Congress to tell the executive  branch what positions it should take in court. Litigation strategy is  the responsibility and the prerogative of the Department of Justice.   The Attorney General, as the litigator for the United States, should  be able to advance what he believes are defensible and reasonable legal  positions. The Attorney General has concluded that the position of the  States challenging the ACA and the district court is a defensible and  reasonable legal position for the department to take.   Questions of the constitutionality should be determined by the  courts, not through a partisan debate on a funding limitation to an  appropriations bill, which we are doing this afternoon.   Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I would urge a ``no'' vote on this amendment,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I would oppose this amendment, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I am opposing the amendment.    Mr. Speaker, I rise to oppose this amendment.   While I greatly respect the gentleman from Michigan and I know that  he feels very strongly about this issue, this amendment would reverse  the July 2017 order from the Attorney General, Jeff Sessions, which  included safeguards to ensure adoptive seizures that are legal and  conform to the Department of Justice policy.   Adoptive seizures allow the Federal Government to recover funds that  are proceeds of or connected to Federal crimes, but where property  happens to be discovered by local law enforcement. Moreover, this type  of Federal and local cooperation fosters important collaboration  between agents and officers.   We should not return hastily to the Obama administration policy but,  rather, continue to review carefully the practice of forfeiture  adoption as part of the broader discussion of asset forfeiture reform.   Violent crime, gangs, and drug trafficking are a growing and  continuing problem across this Nation. We should not take away from law  enforcement a tool they need to combat criminal groups and to make our  streets safer.   So, again, we would love to work with the gentleman on this, but I  would have to recommend a ``no'' on this amendment.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I again want to oppose this amendment, and I firmly  believe we should not take away from law enforcement a tool that they  need to combat criminal groups and make our streets safer.   Mr. Speaker, I recommend a ``no'' vote, and I yield back the balance  of my time.   