 Madam President, on Friday, we learned that trailblazing  Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg had died at the age of 87  from pancreatic cancer.   Justice Ginsburg embraced the law at a time when being a woman in the  field meant a constant uphill battle. She had to fight for  opportunities that were available to men as a matter of course.   Her work as a lawyer eventually came to focus around women's rights-- or as Ruth Bader Ginsburg put it, ``the constitutional principle of the  equal citizenship stature of men and women.''   Before joining the Court, she argued six gender discrimination cases  before it, and as a Justice, she continued to advance this cause. She  served with distinction on the Supreme Court for more than 25 years-- and engaged in some of the Court's most memorable exchanges over that  period.   She was known for her work ethic and tenacity, as well as her  kindness and good humor, and, of course, for her love of opera and her  56-year romance with her beloved husband, Marty.   She disagreed often with her good friend Justice Scalia, but they  never allowed their strong disagreements to ruin their enduring  friendship and mutual respect. She could dissent on the most  fundamental questions, without indicting the character of those with  whom she disagreed.   Her work to secure equal treatment for women has earned her a place  in American history, and her courage and perseverance in overcoming  significant obstacles will continue to inspire many.   My thoughts and prayers are with Justice Ginsburg's family.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from West Virginia (Mrs. Capito), the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr.  Johnson), the Senator from Alaska (Mr. Sullivan), and the Senator from  North Carolina (Mr. Tillis).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr.  Johnson) would have voted yea.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from West Virginia (Mrs. Capito), the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr.  Johnson), the Senator from Alaska (Mr. Sullivan), and the Senator from  North Carolina (Mr. Tillis).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from West Virginia (Mrs. Capito), the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr.  Johnson), the Senator from Alaska (Mr. Sullivan), and the Senator from  North Carolina (Mr. Tillis).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr.  Johnson) would have voted yea.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from West Virginia (Mrs. Capito), the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr.  Johnson), the Senator from Alaska (Mr. Sullivan), and the Senator from  North Carolina (Mr. Tillis).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from West Virginia (Mrs. Capito), the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr.  Johnson), the Senator from Alaska (Mr. Sullivan), and the Senator from  North Carolina (Mr. Tillis).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr.  Johnson) would have voted yea.   