 Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for his hard work  bringing us this bipartisan, bicameral compromise that will get things  done for our Nation's veterans.   Madam Speaker, my contributions to today's bill are sort of a mix of  old and new. We are dramatically increasing the investments and  availability of age-old practices like acupuncture, meditation, yoga,  nutritional counseling, things that, when you talk to the veterans  themselves, whether younger millennial-age veterans or grizzled Vietnam  war veterans, they will tell you these are some of their favorite  offerings at the local VA and some of the practices that make the  biggest differences for people with chronic pain, stress, and anxiety.   I have heard my Republican colleagues make the point many times that  we have increased the VA's budget without seeing much progress on the  suicide rate. I agree. That is unacceptable.   These are some of the least costly offerings that the VA has to make:  acupuncture and chiropractor. They come up again and again, and they  are a minuscule part of the VA's budget. We can make a small increase  and make an enormous difference.   We are also investing in another great opportunity to do research for  biomarkers, precision medicine that will tell us how we can better  treat the invisible wounds of war with new technologies; again, a small  down payment today for the possibility of much more effective and much  more cost-effective treatment going forward.   The other important mix of old and new that we see today, Madam  Speaker, is that we are making new investments--investing in new  technology, offering new services to veterans--but we have done it in  an old-fashioned way, which is that both sides work together.   This will probably be my last chance to recognize our ranking member,  Dr. Roe, before he leaves us at the end of this Congress. I just want  to say, when I came to this Congress 2\1/2\ years ago, my first  committee assignment was on the Veterans' Affairs Committee when he was  chairman. Dr. Roe was kind to me from beginning to end, taught me a lot  about the needs of our Nation's veterans from the standpoint of a  practicing physician, always with an eye on cost, but, above all, on  veterans' well-being.  [[Page H4751]]    We thank Dr. Roe for his service, and our Nation's veterans are  better off for it.    Madam Speaker, I want to thank the chairwoman for bringing  this bill to the floor.   Madam Speaker, I come from western Pennsylvania, home of the first  oil well, home of coal and steel, home of the first nuclear power  plant, home of the fracking revolution, and most importantly, home of  the people who built all of these things.   And it is as a western Pennsylvanian today, not as a Democrat or  Republican, but as a western Pennsylvanian that I am proud to have  supported and contributed provisions to this bill. Both Democrats and  Republicans will vote for this bill tomorrow--they will. And that is  how it should be.   Somehow people got the idea that energy was one more topic that  should be politicized in America, and they are wrong. The future of  energy is about jobs, not red jobs, not blue jobs, just jobs. And we  know how to create jobs in America when we use our government to win  the race to new technologies. That is why I have never thought the best  analogy here is the New Deal, it is the Manhattan Project.    Back then, when we had a threat from outside our country, it required  us to double down on all the nuclear science and then get it out of the  lab and into the factories, into the power plants, into the  construction camps. We created jobs.   And just like that was a competition against Germany, and just like  today, we still thank the Greatest Generation for refusing to tolerate  Germany beating us to the bomb. Today, we should refuse to tolerate  China beating us to those jobs.   Someone will get these jobs. Someone will build the next advanced  nuclear reactor. Someone will figure out how to build a gas-fired power  plant with carbon storage, and someone will win the race on batteries.  It should be us. And this bill will give us a leg up in each one of  those technologies. There is no more time to waste.   My colleagues across the aisle have raised fair points about their  own ideas and legislation, but make no mistake, this bill is a  blueprint for more jobs, less carbon, more science, less partisanship,  and we should all pass it without delay.   