 Mr. President, today I rise to commemorate the  International Day of Democracy. Since 2007, September 15 has offered an  opportunity each year to reflect on the democratic values that we  cherish and to recommit ourselves to promoting them around the world.   The democratic project is especially important at this moment.  Although some communities are experiencing greater rights and freedoms  than ever before, there is also an alarming trend of democratic  backsliding in many corners of the globe.   Countries that were becoming increasingly open and egalitarian are  moving back toward authoritarianism under unlawful, oppressive leaders.   Meanwhile, countries that were already unfree are suffering even more  disturbing civil and human rights abuses.   If we turn a blind eye to these developments, it will embolden bad  actors to continue undermining freedom, peace, and equality. The United  States must lead all democracy-loving people in calling out subversions  of democratic rights wherever they exist and holding those responsible  to account.   One country that requires our urgent attention is China. The  Government of China has not adhered to democratic norms for a long  time, but we should never allow that failure to normalize ongoing human  rights abuses such as the vicious opposition to the Uighurs.   International nongovernmental organizations have documented China's  mass surveillance, arbitrary detention, torture, and political  indoctrination of these communities for no reason other than their  religious and cultural differences.   We must do everything possible to fight for the freedom and equality  of the Uighurs to help end this atrocity.   We also need to stand up for the rights of the people of Hong Kong.  Beijing's attempt to circumvent Hong Kong's independent legal system  with a far-reaching, oppressive national security law is dangerous and  in complete disregard of the one-country, two-system principle. I am  likewise disturbed that the Hong Kong government inexplicably postponed  the September regional elections for another year. The people of Hong  Kong deserve to see their democratic aspirations realized and  protected. I am pleased that there is bipartisan, strong support in the  U.S. Senate and in the House for the people of Hong Kong, and I joined  with Senator Rubio in introducing legislation to make that clear.    China is certainly not the only place where democratic rights are  threatened. We need to look closer to home, as well, to countries like  Venezuela. In Venezuela, Nicolas Maduro's illegal regime has produced  one of the worst humanitarian crises by plundering the country's  resources for personal gain and using the distribution of food as a  tool for social control. Maduro has completely ignored the Venezuelan  people's call to return to democracy and is using the current global  pandemic as an opportunity to consolidate his own power.   In addition to addressing quasi-dictatorships in the Western  Hemisphere, we must maintain pressure on the so-called ``last  dictator'' of Europe, Belarusian President Aleksandr Lukashenko. While  Lukashenko's near three-decade rule has been full of corrupt power  grabs and crackdowns and dissent, his behavior surrounding the recent  Presidential election demonstrates a new level of lawlessness.  Lukashenko refused to certify opposing candidates and then imprisoned  them. He claimed victory through clearly fraudulent election results.  He restricted the free flow of information by shutting down the  internet and targeting journalists. And he oversaw the brutal  repression of protesters, including many instances of Belarusian  security forces repeatedly torturing detained civilians. Lukashenko  knows that the Belarusian people are ready for a new democratic chapter  that does not include him. Instead of stepping aside to serve the  interests of his country, he has abandoned the rule of law in order to  protect his own power.   It is no surprise that Lukashenko has appealed to Vladimir Putin to  endorse this tyrannical approach. President Putin is, after all, a  veteran when it comes to destabilizing democracies. He has done so not  only in his own country of Russia, where he overcomes dissent by  changing the constitution to secure his rule and poisoning political  opponents, but also in other parts of the world. That includes his  continuous attempts to undermine our democracy here in the United  States.   President Trump has completely failed to hold Vladimir Putin  accountable for abusing his own people's human rights and attacking the  United States. Even worse, President Trump appears to have taken a page  out of Putin's book, suggesting that if he were not reelected this  November, he may not accept the results of that election. It is a sad  commentary on the state of our domestic affairs that we have to take  such a ludicrous statement seriously. We know that global democracy is  in trouble when the leader of the United States is copying undemocratic  heads of state instead of condemning them.   These are but a few snapshots of what is happening in many countries  around the world. If there is anything that I have learned in my many  years of public service, it is that we can never take democracy--and  all the freedoms, rights, and opportunities it entails--for granted. My  work in the House and the Senate on the Helsinki Commission really  embodies that commitment to stand up for human rights. The Helsinki  Final Act made it clear that all States in Europe, the former Soviet  Union, United States, and Canada embraced not only democratic  principles and human rights of good governance but also the principle  that we have a right to challenge the compliance with those commitments  in any other member state. It is not interfering in their internal  matters; it is holding them to the commitments they made in the  Helsinki Final Act.   Democracy is fragile. It must be constantly tended to and protected  to survive and flourish. Therefore, while we have a responsibility to  monitor the status of democracy in other parts of the world, we have a  parallel duty to safeguard and tend to our democracy here at home. I  cannot remember a more dangerous time for American democracy since the  Civil War.   To protect our democracy, we must protect the ability of every  individual to exercise her or his right to vote. In the middle of a  pandemic, that means expanding the ability to vote by mail so that we  do not force people to choose between participating in our democracy or  protecting their health.   We need to make sure that State and local election boards get the  resources they need to cover the costs of mail-in voting, and we need  to defend the strength, integrity, and impartiality of the U.S. Postal  Service.   Our President also openly invites foreign powers to interfere in our  election, and his encouragement has been effective. The same external  factors that we know influenced the elections in 2016 are once again  actively planning to interfere in the upcoming election. Regardless of  party affiliation, we should all be able to unite in pursuit of a  healthy, functioning democracy. That requires us to take action against  the foreign actors seeking to spread misinformation and divide  Americans for their own benefit.   When we fail to protect democracy in the United States, it has  consequences all over the world. After he was confronted about his  recent brutal crackdown on protesters, journalists, and opposition  members, Belarus President Lukashenko said that the United States  ``should sort out their own affairs'' before attempting to interfere in  Belarus. His statements made clear that President Trump and his  administration and supporters' undemocratic behavior is eroding our  credibility on the global stage as a voice for human rights. Let today,  International Day for Democracy, be a reminder for us to stand up in  defense of democracy, whether we are talking about China, Venezuela,  Belarus, or here in our own backyard. The world is counting on us.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   