 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to engage in  colloquy with my colleague from Michigan.    Senator Stabenow, it is a pleasure to be here with you  in this fight for something as fundamental as hunger. As I was  listening to the conversation, your words and our colleague's from  Ohio, Sherrod Brown, who was speaking, and our colleague from Minnesota  and partner from Oregon, I thought: How many Senators have experienced  hunger this last week, the inability to have a meal? What is your sense  of that?    No one in this Chamber is missing a meal.    I am pretty sure, down the hall in the House of  Representatives, nobody is missing a meal; yet so many people in each  of our States are missing meals. In my State of Oregon, hunger has  doubled since March. I imagine hunger has increased in your home State  of Michigan.    It is being driven by massive unemployment. The estimate  in April was for families who earn less than $40,000 a year, 40 percent  had lost their job. I think that was April. Now, maybe it is well over  50 percent. Half of working America of modest incomes lost their jobs,  and it wasn't that easy to sign up for unemployment benefits.   We still have a couple hundred thousand people in Oregon who are  waiting for unemployment benefits. I can guarantee you they are very  hungry. I know there are those in Michigan as well.   The majority leader has decided to send the Senate on vacation for 2  weeks. I guess my question to you is: Does hunger take a vacation? Do  those who are hungry in Oregon and hungry in Pennsylvania, is it going  to take a vacation for 2 weeks?    We might think of hunger as kind of a temporary  discomfort, something you get through, but my understanding is, when  children are hungry, when they don't have the basic nutrients on a  regular basis, it damages the development of the mind.   Is that something you heard?    We are talking about millions of American children who  are suffering not just discomfort but damage to their minds because  they don't have enough to eat. The majority leader is sending us on  vacation rather than addressing it.   Thank you to my colleague for coming to the floor, organizing,  carrying this forward, the work you do, and authorizing the work the  Appropriations Committee does and the funding.   We have got to address this. We have to recognize how bad the  situation is, how bad things are nationally. More than 40 million  people have lost their jobs; 120,000 people have died. The rate of  infections are exploding across the country--and how bad things are in  my home State--243,000 people are out of work. We have an unemployment  rate of over 14 percent, higher than it was any point in the great  recession. Food insecurity and hunger have doubled since March. Food is  at the top of the hierarchy of needs for human life.    All we have done is come to the floor and say: Let's help in a pretty  modest way with a 15-percent increase--the $4 and change that the  Senator talked about--60 cents? We probably should be doubling it.   But that 15-percent increase in the maximum benefits does make a  difference. It makes a difference. Hunger doesn't take a vacation and  neither should we.   As Senator Stabenow proposed, we should debate a bill now--pass now a  bill. We should effect these changes at this moment and not leave this  Chamber until we have gotten the work of the American people done for  the most important need any human being has, and that is basic  nutrition.   When Martin Luther King was accepting his Nobel Peace Prize, he said  that he had ``the audacity to believe that people everywhere could have  three meals a day for their bodies, education and culture for their  minds, and dignity, equality and freedom for their spirits.'' Let this  Chamber have the audacity not just to believe that people can have  three meals a day but to make it happen.   I am fully in support of your efforts, a full partner on behalf of  all those who suffer hunger in the United States, on behalf of every  child who wants a basic foundation to thrive here in the United States  of America. We are failing in our job. Hunger doesn't take a vacation  and neither should the Senate. Let's get the act passed now.   