 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I have no  problem with asking unanimous consent at this point to pass the  legislation with a few amendments. Since this will not be going through  committee, we ought to, like you say, examine the legislation and think  about what it involves. I think having a few commonsense amendments  would make sense.   It is about 200,000 or 270,000 Venezuelans. I think we can  accommodate them. We are a big, great country, and America has room for  them. We should make sure, though, that they don't overburden the  welfare system, and there should be rules that people, as part of this  program, do not come to the country to receive welfare. That is my  first amendment.   My second amendment would say that at the end of the 18-month period,  Congress should vote on whether or not to extend the period. In the  past, we have granted this temporary status, and it has been renewed  decade after decade and become just sort of this lost zone for people  for whom we can't figure out a permanent solution.   My third amendment would actually create an ability to absorb more  people in our country and would be more of a permanent solution. My  third amendment is called the BELIEVE Act, and it is a bill that I have  had out there for several years. What it would do is to take the merit- based employment in our country, employment-based visas, and double  these visas. So, if you want to accommodate the 200-some-odd thousand  Venezuelans, we need more green cards, ultimately, for permanent  status. This would be increased employment-based visas.   So, my unanimous consent request would be to pass your bill with  these three amendments: One, to prohibit welfare; two, to make it  Congress's prerogative to decide that this term needs to be extended  and it would have to be a vote by this body; and then the third thing  would be that we expand our employment-based visas in order to  accommodate folks like this in our country.   I would ask unanimous consent that your bill be passed, and, also,  including my three amendments to the bill, and at this point, I ask  unanimous consent for that.    Mr. President, I voice my objection to the original motion  of Senator Menendez.   