 Mr. President, I have a unanimous consent request.   ``We hope they die.'' ``We hope they die.'' ``We hope they die.''   These are the vile words that anti-police protesters yelled on  Saturday night, outside St. Francis Medical Center, in Los Angeles  County, CA. They were yelling that about two deputy sheriffs, who, at  the time, were clinging to life inside the hospital. They were clinging  to life, just barely, because, earlier that night, those two deputy  sheriffs were brutally ambushed by a gunman, who shot them multiple  times as they sat in their patrol car while they were simply doing  their jobs of patrolling the local train station.   One of the deputies is a 31-year-old mother of a 6-year-old boy. The  other deputy is a 24-year-old man. Both joined the force about 14  months ago. The female deputy was shot through the jaw, but,  heroically, she still managed to radio for help and apply a tourniquet  to her partner's wounds.   What happened to these deputies in Los Angeles was horrific and  dangerous. It is a reminder that, every single day, law enforcement  officers put on a badge and then risk their lives to protect all of  us--and I mean every single day.   Just this past Sunday, a police officer in Lancaster, PA, responded  to a domestic violence call. It came from a home in the city. His body  cam video captured what happened next. When the officer arrived, a  full-grown man, wielding a huge carving knife and waving it over his  head, came charging out of the house and charged straight at the  officer. The man who did this, as it happens, is scheduled to go on  trial in October on charges of stabbing four people last year.   What happened to the deputies in Los Angeles is not only horrific but  is part of a disturbing trend of violence against police. According to  the FBI, 37 law enforcement officials have been intentionally killed in  the line of duty so far this year. That is a 23-percent increase from  the same period last year. Rioters have attacked law enforcement. We  have seen them hurling bricks and rocks and other dangerous objects. We  have seen them ram them with their vehicles and set police cars on  fire.   This violence against police is not happening in a vacuum. It is not.  In recent months, the Nation has been engaged in an important,  substantive debate about the relationship between law enforcement and  the communities they serve and protect. I happen to think the debate is  important. It is one of the reasons I supported Senator Tim Scott's  bill--to provide more accountability and transparency with respect to  law enforcement.   Unfortunately, our Democratic colleagues blocked us from even being  able to hold a debate on that bill. Senator Scott and the Republicans  were willing to allow votes on any Democratic amendments. They could  have changed the bill in any way they had seen fit if they could have  made the case with their amendments, but they refused to even have a  process--they refused to even allow anyone, including themselves, to  offer amendments. They refused to let us even consider the bill.   The police reform debate has exposed some radical voices.  Unfortunately, that sometimes includes government officials who spew  anti-police rhetoric. They call for defunding--sometimes even for  abolishing--the police, and they want to bail out rioters in  Minneapolis.   For example, after the two Los Angeles deputy sheriffs were shot on  Saturday, not only did anti-police protesters yell ``We hope they die''  and other vile things outside the hospital, but the city manager of  Lynwood, CA--the very city where the deputies were clinging to their  lives in the hospital--the city manager responded to the shooting by  posting on social media a message saying ``Chickens come home to  roost.'' Can you imagine?   Well, protesters feed off the failure of elected officials to support  and defend the police. In Lancaster, after that knife-wielding man was  shot by an officer who was just protecting his own life, which was  obviously under serious risk, protesters came out and started rioting-- throwing bricks, rocks, and bottles at police, smashing windows at a  police station and a post office, setting a dumpster on fire--despite  the fact that the video clearly shows that the officer was being  attacked. He was simply defending his life. I have no idea why anyone  would protest a police officer defending his own life.   In my own State of Pennsylvania, a local Democratic elected official  in Delaware County recently posted an image--unbelievable--on social  media of two Black men holding guns to the head of a White police  officer with a caption that said ``Does it have to come to this to make  them stop murdering and terrorizing us?'' What kind of message is that?   As the Los Angeles County sheriff noted on Saturday--after his  officers were shot, he said: ``Words have consequences.'' They do.   You know, instead of defunding the police, we should be defending the  police--defending them against this kind of violence both in word and  especially in deed. That is why I am here today, calling on the Senate  to pass my Thin Blue Line Act today.   My bill sends a very simple and clear message: Anyone who murders a  law enforcement official should be prepared to pay the ultimate price.  Under Federal law, killing a Federal law enforcement official is an  aggravating factor for the Federal jury to weigh when considering  whether to impose the death penalty on a cop killer, but that  consideration does not apply when a State or local law enforcement  officer is killed. So the Thin Blue Line Act provides that same level  of justice to State and local law enforcement officers that we already  apply to Federal law enforcement officers by also making the killing of  a local law enforcement officer an aggravating factor in determining  whether to impose the death penalty in a Federal case.   In 2017, the House passed this bill with bipartisan support,  including support of liberals like Adam Schiff and Beto O'Rourke. The  bill has very broad support from law enforcement groups, as you might  imagine, including from the Fraternal Order of Police, the National  Sheriffs' Association, the National Association of Police  Organizations, and others.   The Thin Blue Line Act is commonsense, bipartisan legislation that  the Senate should pass now. Our law enforcement officers put themselves  in harm's way every day, and we are reminded of that every day. They  are out there protecting us, and I am not sure that has ever been more  dangerous for law enforcement than it is today. We need to do our part  to support them, to send a message to them that we support them but to  send a message to criminals and potential assassins that they will pay  the ultimate price.   In the tragic event that a police officer is killed in the line of  duty, we owe that officer justice, and I am going to keep fighting for  them to receive it.   So, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the  Judiciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. 1508  and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration; further, that  the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, first of all, let me just say that  bringing up VAWA can't be anything other than an attempt to obfuscate  from the case that is in front of us. I would be happy to talk about  VAWA. I happen to agree that violence against women is a serious issue.  It is a serious problem. All the programs in VAWA are still fully  funded. They continue.   I don't think anybody in this body or the other body has done as much  as I have done to make sure that the resources in the Crime Victims  Fund go to the victims of crime--very much including women who are  victims of violent crime and children and the groups who serve those  victims.   As a matter of fact, I have supported previous versions of VAWA.  There has been a bipartisan effort to get a new reauthorization of  VAWA. Senator Ernst and Senator Feinstein have spent months developing  that. But that is not the version that has been under consideration  here.   No, there is nothing incompatible about passing my legislation, the  Thin Blue Line Act, standing up to protect local law enforcement, and  having a separate consideration on VAWA. They are not mutually  exclusive. They are not in any way related to each other. But,  unfortunately, our Democratic colleagues are not willing to simply  extend the same protection we extend to Federal law enforcement  officials to the local law enforcement officials who are at risk every  single day.   I am very disappointed that my colleague from New Mexico would object  to a very simple and sensible bill that has bipartisan support.    Mr. President, for the reasons that I mentioned earlier  in my comments, I object to this version of VAWA.   