 Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague from Washington for  yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to be able to highlight the importance of  modernizing the Endangered Species Act.   The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service states that it implements the  Endangered Species Act by working with others to conserve the  ecosystems upon which the Endangered Species Act and threatened species  depend upon and by developing and maintaining conservation programs for  these species to improve their status to the point that the protection  of the ESA is no longer necessary.   I wholeheartedly agree with that mission, and we should do everything  possible to be able to grant the Fish and Wildlife Service the ability  to be able to better protect at-risk or endangered species. I believe  this can be done by utilizing local and State officials in a greater  capacity.   Much of that legwork doesn't have to be done at the Federal level and  can instead be taken over by landowners who are out on the ground every  day, working their land for farming, ranching, and for other purposes.  They know the challenges that the threatened and endangered species  face. They are in a unique position to be able to provide input on the  best conservation strategies.   That is why, with this concept in mind, I have introduced the LOCAL  Act, to be able to incorporate that hands-on local experience, to make  sure that we are achieving what the ultimate goal is: to actually  rehabilitate the species, to be able to take it off the endangered  species list, and to be able to protect others from being added.   In the past 46 years of the law's existence, there is one glaring  statistic that points to reforms being necessary. Since the ESA was  first signed into law, there have been over 1,660 species listed. Of  those, only 54 species have fully recovered, or an underwhelming 3  percent.   These numbers speak volumes that a one-size-fits-all mentality does  not always result in the way that it is intended to. Not only that, but  the red tape, timeframe, and expense to be able to recover a species is  astronomical.   It is important to note that the goal of the ESA is to be able to  keep species off the list in the first place, not keep them on for  undetermined lengths of time.   Madam Speaker, I am glad to join my colleagues in the Congressional  Western Caucus to be able to highlight the necessity of ESA reform.   In Colorado, we are proud to be able to have an abundance of  wildlife, wildlife that resides on our public lands and, in many cases,  in our own backyards. As residents of the State, we self-promote taking  extra caution in our lands so that they may be preserved for future  generations to enjoy.   After almost 50 years of lackluster results of recovering endangered  species, I believe it is time that we rethink our strategy and place  more trust in the local stewards of the land, not just bureaucrats in  Washington.   If the goal is truly to recover species and to be able to protect  species, let's make sure that we have programs in place that are going  to achieve those results that we can all embrace.   