 Just 5 months ago, we had the hottest economy in 37 years.  Running a business--starting it from Main Street as a little company-- it was lucky enough to grow over those 37 years. Three of my four kids  run it now.   The reason I ran for the Senate was to make sure we had that kind of  atmosphere in place for the productive economy, the enterprising, the  hard-working Americans who work at companies on Main Street.   Since COVID arrived, of course, it shocked us all. We know it is a  tricky foe. It has peculiarities. Yet the one thing that is certain is  that we need to get back to the economy that was raising wages for  those most in need, was doing it in a real way, and not through  government.   Yes, government needs to get involved now and then, and this was the  case. Like the Senator from Wisconsin stated, we moved quickly, and we  did something.   What I see on the other side of the aisle, with this monstrosity of  $3.5 trillion, is an effort beyond just addressing the displacement  from COVID-19. I see it as an effort to try to replace Main Street and  the productive economy. It doesn't work through here, and we should  have never, back in late March, had something that would have  incentivized not working. Of course, we tried to fix it, but friends on  the other side of the aisle did not agree with us. If we want to get  back to some form of a new normal--sooner or later, when we whip this  foe, COVID-19--and back to what it was before, we can't do it through  government.    When you look at not only this bill they have but at the other stuff  that we need to keep in mind in leading up to the election, we cannot  afford it, and it doesn't make sense. It is replacing enterprisers,  Main Street--everything that makes this country great--with a bloated  Federal Government.   When I heard that this bill was out there--coming from a quick-footed  entrepreneur now here in the Senate--I didn't hesitate at all to get on  it. We need to do this because we need to cut to the chase. We have  hard-working Americans who are still unemployed. They have gotten  displaced out of that great economy. This takes care of that without  putting into place something that is so broad, so expansive, and that  does not address the essence of what is at issue here. It makes sure  there is a pathway so that we can get back to that Trump economy--that  economy which was working more for everyone than at any time ever  before. Don't ask people who have been here in the business of  government. Why don't you ask people who have been running businesses,  who have been on Main Street, who have been doing it?   That is why we need to get this across the finish line. It addresses  the key thing that we need to do transitionally so that we may get back  to where Main Street and the real economy are running things and where  there is not an attempt by the other side to replace what has been  making the economy work.   I yield the floor.   