 Mr. Speaker, let me start by thanking Chairwoman  Lowey and Ranking Member Granger for their leadership.   A lot has been said about Chairwoman Lowey, and I don't want to  repeat myself, but the bottom line is: You are one class act, and you  will be sorely missed by this institution.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Price for his friendship, his  transparency, and his openness in this process. I strongly support so  many aspects of the T-HUD portion of this bill. I am particularly  pleased with the inclusion of funding and language requests from  Members on both sides of the aisle in a nonpartisan way.   I appreciate, for example, the $300 million for port infrastructure  grants. It is important, obviously, for coastal States like Florida,  but also for our entire country's freight network, and our economy. It  is clear that ports are crucial for our economy.   The bill also includes $389 million for a Maritime Academy Training  Ship program--something that had been, frankly, ignored for too many  years. This bill supports the training ship in Texas, which will double  as a disaster response asset for the region.   The bill continues investments in our Nation's highways, rail,  transit and airport infrastructure. It builds on progress we have made  in recent years through, again, this bill creating jobs, improving the  quality of life, and spurring innovation. The bill makes important  progress to enhance safety on our roads and railways.   Now, these are programs championed for years by Chairwoman Lowey,  and, obviously, Chairman Price. And I share her support in these areas,  but, again, this has been her driving force.   Funding for FAA will modernize air traffic technologies, improve the  safety of our skies, and address noise concerns from our colleagues in  our communities.   The bill renews housing assistance for millions of Americans in need.  It is our duty. It is our duty to meet this commitment, especially for  our elderly, for our disabled, for our heroes, for our veterans. These  housing assistance programs are not just a safety net for millions of  Americans, but they are a path for opportunity and self-sufficiency to  so many.   Chairman Price has included new innovative programs to support our  efforts to end homelessness in America, including a focus on families  at risk of becoming homeless, victims of domestic violence, and  veterans.   Again, Chairman Price has made so many smart and, by the way, tough  decisions, but smart, good policy decisions that I, unfortunately, like  my colleagues, find it unfortunate that I cannot support this bill in  its current form right now.   A major portion of this T-HUD bill division is based on, frankly, a  funding gimmick--$75 billion in new infrastructure spending is  designated as an emergency. This violates last year's bipartisan  agreement. It puts our entire appropriations process at risk. The bill  also includes controversial DOT and HUD policy riders. Some of these  were dropped last year, again, consistent with the budget agreement  that we all--most of us--voted for. And they have to be dropped again.   Despite these concerns and, obviously, despite the fact that at this  moment I can't support the bill, I need to thank Chairman Price for  making, again, as I mentioned, some really, really good important  decisions. He had to make some tough decisions. That is what this job  entails when you are an appropriator and you are a cardinal, but he has  done so.   Mr. Speaker, I am confident--no, I am certain--that we will be able  to address these concerns as this process moves forward. Chairman Price  knows how to reach across the aisle and how to strike a deal, as does  our committee leadership, Chairwoman Lowey, and our ranking member, as  well.   The question is not ``if,'' but ``when'' we will be able to get a  bill that can be sent to the President and will be able to get his  signature. Again, this bill isn't that right now, but I am confident  that we will be able to move forward.    Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume  to the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Young), the dean of the House of  Representatives of the United States.    Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   