 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5912, the Expedited  Delivery of Airport Infrastructure Act of 2020.   This bill, which I am very proud to have introduced, gives airports  the option to use some of their Airport Improvement Program, or AIP,  money to expedite early completion of airport projects.   Incentives such as these are commonly used in the surface  transportation area, as encouraging early completion of road projects  obviously can spare drivers additional weeks or months of congestion  and sitting in traffic.   An airfield is no different. Taking a runway or taxiway out of  commission can impair airport efficiency and capacity, and it results  in flight delays, upset travelers, you name it.   Additionally, some airports, particularly in cold weather States, are  racing against the clock to complete projects during a limited  construction season. Even if a project is on schedule, an early winter  or late spring can grind construction to a halt, costing the airport  time and money.   This bill is going help ensure that airports have the tools necessary  to avoid these situations and get runways back into service faster.   This bill allows airports to achieve cost savings. Projects completed  early means a greater chance of avoiding construction price increases  due to inflation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5912, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4470.   By adding the words ``Great Lakes'' to the name of the Saint Lawrence  Seaway Development Corporation, the corporation will better reflect its  geographic location and its economic importance to this significant  region of the Nation.   Located within the Department of Transportation, the corporation is  charged with operating and maintaining all U.S. infrastructure and  waters of the Saint Lawrence Seaway. The corporation is also tasked  with developing trade focused on driving economic activity for the  entire Great Lakes-Saint Lawrence Seaway system.   I urge support of the bipartisan legislation to better represent what  this federally owned corporation means to the Great Lakes.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I don't have any speakers.   I urge support of H.R. 4470, and I yield back the balance of my time  and.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased today that S. 1982, the Save Our Seas  2.0, or SOS 2.0, Act is scheduled for consideration today.   Last Congress, we passed the Save Our Seas Act building upon the work  of the Marine Debris Act, which combats ocean-based solid waste  pollution.   Save Our Seas 2.0 develops these existing programs by establishing a  Marine Debris Foundation to enhance Federal and private efforts to  combat marine debris and authorizing a genius award to promote improved  ocean cleanup technology.   The bill also authorizes studies, grant programs, and international  negotiations to better understand the causes of ocean pollution and  improve how we prevent and eliminate this pollution.   Mr. Speaker, I commend Representative   Don Young for his work and  leadership on the House companion to this bill. His district was hit  particularly hard by marine debris arriving from Japan after the 2011  tsunami.   That tsunami drove one ghost fishing boat all the way from the coast  of Japan to the Gulf of Alaska before being sunk by the U.S. Coast  Guard; just one example of how far debris can travel.   Mr. Speaker, I also thank Chairman DeFazio for working with us on  minor changes to this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support for this legislation, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may  consume to the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Young), the dean of the  House.    Mr. Speaker, I don't have anyone else to  speak, so with that, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   