 Mr. President, on Friday, I flew with President Trump  to Tennessee to visit with the Tennesseans who were hurt by the  tornadoes last week.   There were four tornadoes. They hit primarily Benton, Davidson,  Wilson, and Putnam Counties. They left 24 dead, and about 150 injured.  There were more than 1,500 structures that were damaged. The winds were  up to 175 miles per hour in the tornado that reached Putnam County.   We visited western Putnam County not far from Baxter. I talked to  Matt and Angela Struggs there. She told me that at about 2 a.m., I  guess it was early Wednesday morning, she heard what sounded like a  freight train and then a whistle. All the people I talked with heard a  freight train and a whistle.   She said--of course, they were all asleep, as it was 2 a.m. in the  morning, and they didn't have any warning. So she ran upstairs as the  windows were being blown out of the house, grabbed her youngest child,  and came downstairs where her other two children and her husband were,  and the sound was gone. They opened the door and looked across the  street, and her son said: ``It's gone.'' What was gone were all the  homes, all the neighbors. Eight died in that neighborhood alone.   The first heroes of this tragedy were those neighbors and other  neighbors in Nashville, and Benton County, and Mount Juliet in Wilson  County. Matt Struggs, the husband of the young woman I was talking  with, is a worship leader in their church. This was obviously a very  close-knit community. He said: We knew who was left by the sounds of  their voices. So we set about finding them and digging them out and  getting them to the hospital.   This is certainly not what anyone would describe as an area of rich  Americans, but they would not want to be described either as middle- income or low-income Americans, either. They are what I would call  ``salt of the earth'' people, really good people--a very close-knit  community whose first reaction and whose reaction the day we were  there, 3 days later, was how can we help each other.   After the neighbors, the next heroes were the first responders. We  met with many of them in Cookeville. Next were the volunteers. They  turned out by the hundreds. Rick Gilbert, who is disaster coordinator  for the Church of Christ in downtown Cookeville, talked with me about  what they had there, but he didn't have to tell me. I could see it.  There were stockpiles of boxes with everything imaginable that someone  would want. Whatever they need, is what we try to give people who come  here.   These Tennesseans were grateful for the visit by President Trump. It  was  [[Page S1618]]  more than the fact that this was the first time any President of the  United States had visited Cookeville, TN. This is an important town,  but it is a town between Nashville and Knoxville about nearly halfway,  and Presidents come to Nashville or Knoxville or Memphis or Chattanooga  or our bigger cities when they come to Tennessee. But not only did the  President go to Cookeville--that was a 40-minute helicopter flight--he  drove another 30 or 40 minutes to this neighborhood where the Struggs  and their neighbors live--the ones who opened the door and looked  across the street and saw that everything was gone. The President  stayed, and he talked for a long time. He listened, and they  appreciated it very much.   He and the other Federal officials announced a major disaster  declaration in, what I believe to be record time. So by the time we  were there on Friday, there were 75 Federal Emergency Management Agency  personnel on the ground in Tennessee, and there were three shelters  already open.   I just talked with Congressman   Jim Cooper from Nashville who has  been deeply involved with this since the beginning, and he talked about  the shelters being opened and the devastation at the Tennessee State  University's Agriculture Center there in Nashville.   Governor Lee and his wife Maria were there, and he did, as usual, a  remarkably good job. He, like the President, has an easy way of dealing  with people. Congressman   John Rose was there. His hometown is  Cookeville, the community where we were visiting. Senator Blackburn was  there. She had gone with Congressman Rose on Wednesday and Thursday as  soon as she heard about it. So she went back on Friday with us.   Of course, the mayors of all those communities hadn't gotten much  sleep since Tuesday night when the tragedy occurred. They know--and the  President and the Governor and I and Senator Blackburn, we all said to  them: We know we can't resolve this. We can't make things like they  used to be. We know we can't give you all the help you need, but we are  here. That is really all they expected or all they wanted.   This is not our first tornado in Tennessee. According to The  Tennessean newspaper, we have had 18 in the last 25 years, and several  of them have been strong tornadoes like this one. But the people of  Tennessee would want me to express our heartfelt appreciation to the  President and to the Federal officials who, in the midst of everything  else they had to do, jumped on this tragedy immediately, got the  declaration out quickly, had the FEMA personnel on site, and had the  shelters opened in what seemed to me to be a record amount of time.  They then joined with the Tennessee volunteers and the neighbors and  the first responders who set out to help the Tennesseans who were hurt.   There was a beautiful article written this morning that appeared in  the New York Times by Margaret Renkl from Nashville about the meaning  of hashtag ``NashvilleStrong,'' in which she talks about in her last  sentence that ``while we understand we have not been singled out by God  for survival, we also understand that we can be God's hands here in the  rubble, helping our neighbors dig out.''   That is what is happening in Tennessee, and the President, the  Federal officials, and the others who went to help, we greatly  appreciate what they did, and I wanted to come to the floor to say  that.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   