 Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to  the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania.    Mr. Speaker, I am the only speaker, so I will  be closing when I speak.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my  time.   Mr. Speaker, this amendment undermines the core premise behind the  National Apprenticeship Act of 2020, which is to create 1 million more  registered apprenticeship, pre-apprenticeship, and youth apprenticeship  opportunities over the next 5 years.   Registered apprenticeships are a proven earn-and-learn program.  Ninety-four percent of those who complete their apprenticeships are  employed upon completion, with an average salary of $70,000.    This amendment is nothing less than an attack on the successful  registered apprenticeship program. It makes deep cuts in funding, which  will result in sparse growth of the new registered apprenticeships,  while diverting scarce funds to untested, unproven programs run by  third parties. Instead, it gives the Secretary of Labor a blank check  to implement unregistered apprenticeship programs that are untested and  unaccountable. It does this in several ways.   First, it allows the Secretary of Labor to divert funds to unproven,  untested industry-recognized apprenticeship programs, or IRAPs. Unlike  registered apprenticeships, there is no evaluation of IRAPs--none.   When DOL proposed the creation of this untested program, it received  over 300,000 comments in opposition. Many of those comments noted that  the registered apprenticeship program provides valuable credentials  which are nationally recognized. IRAPs provide neither.   Furthermore, the Trump administration's own apprenticeship expansion  task force recommended the DOL only conduct a pilot program for IRAPs  to see if they could be effective and accountable. Let's be clear: The  administration's own task force did not embrace a full-scale rollout of  this untested idea, yet this substitute amendment opens the floodgates.   Democrats do support innovation. An amendment offered by the  gentleman from New Hampshire (Mr. Pappas) in the en bloc package allows  the Secretary of Labor to fund innovation and apprenticeships. His  amendment authorizes demonstration projects governing nontraditional  sectors subject to the recommendations of the National Advisory  Committee on Apprenticeships appointed by the Secretary. These projects  could even help COVID-19 responses.   Second, the substitute amendment cuts funding for apprenticeship  grants and cuts State apprenticeship formula grants. States have asked  for funding certainty so that they can scale up their apprenticeship  efforts and have been documented as the engine of success for  apprenticeship growth.  [[Page H6005]]    The major reform in this amendment is the fact that there is a 77  percent reduction in funding, resulting in only 219 new apprenticeship  opportunities rather than the 1 million new opportunities that the  National Apprenticeship Act provides.   We all agree that apprenticeships are the pathway to the middle  class, so why would we want to eliminate the rungs of opportunity for  hundreds of thousands of potential apprentices?   Third, this amendment eliminates an interagency agreement with the  Department of Education to create stronger alignment between the  education system and the national apprenticeship system. My colleagues  on the other side often talk about wanting to create pathways for  students to pursue alternatives to 4-year degrees, but this amendment  eliminates the provisions in the National Apprenticeship Act that do  just that.   Some say we are creating a one-size-fits-all approach in this bill,  but that isn't true either. We include new apprenticeship models, such  as competency-based hybrid models, expand youth apprenticeships and  pre-apprenticeships, and that is something that employers have  consistently requested. We open the doors to apprenticeships and  industries where apprenticeship programs have never been utilized.   This amendment is a step in the wrong direction. At a time when  millions are losing their jobs permanently due to the pandemic, the  economy is facing a deep recession, and we have other problems, the  underlying bill is focused, without this amendment, on getting people  back to work with the best skills possible.   So I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this amendment and pass the  bill to create 1 million new, good apprenticeship opportunities.   I yield back the balance of my time.   