 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be  allowed to use, during my remarks, two  [[Page S5699]]  exhibits of the Federal aid application form.    Mr. President, I am here this morning to talk about a  hearing that we had in the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions  Committee this morning that affects 20 million families who have to  fill this out every year. This is called the FAFSA. Usually, there is  an adjective ahead of it. It is called the ``dreaded'' FAFSA.   There are 400,000 Tennessee families who fill it out every year. If  you want to go to college and you need a Pell grant or a student loan,  you have to fill this out--108 questions. And then after you fill it  out, the way it has been working and still works today, you have to  send in the information on 22 of the questions to two different  agencies: one to the IRS and one to the Education Department. And then  they go through an elaborate process to check to see whether you have  made any mistake.   So let's say you are a homeless student or a student in foster care  or you are not able to identify your parents or you are living with  your grandparents or any of those people have an aversion to filling  out 108-question Federal forms or giving their information to the  government twice, then you don't go to college. That is what happens.   In Tennessee, we have had a Governor named Bill Haslam in the  legislature that said everybody in Tennessee without a degree, that you  can have 2 more years of college free, but first you have to fill out  this Federal form. They say this is the single biggest impediment to  having the opportunity to have those 2 free years of higher education  in our State.   So you would think somebody would do something about that, right?  Well, somebody has or at least has been trying to. Here is what it  could be. This is 33 questions. Almost everybody agrees that this is  better than this--the State counselors, the Governors, the teachers,  the students, the families. You could fill it out more easily. It keeps  many fewer students from walking away from the opportunity to go to  college.   So you would ask: Why don't you pass it? Well, Mr. President, that is  exactly what Senator Michael Bennet, the Democratic Senator from  Colorado, and I said 7 years ago in a hearing before the Senate  Education Committee when we had four witnesses and we talked about  this. And I said at the end: There seems to be a lot of agreement about  this. Why don't the four of you experts--and these are people who work  in financial aid who try to help students and who try to help minority  students. I mean, this is the kind of stuff we are talking about all  over America today. What do we do about racial justice? What do we do  to help low-income students? How do we help people who are especially  hurt by a pandemic?   Well, 7 years ago, I said: Would you be willing to write us a letter,  each of you, and tell us exactly what to do to eliminate the complexity  of this FAFSA? What they said was that most of these questions are  unnecessary and that the Federal Government doesn't need to know the  answer to these questions to decide whether you are eligible for a Pell  grant or eligible for a student loan. That is what they all said. So  the four witnesses who had testified looked at each other and said: We  don't need to write you separate letters. We will write you one letter  because we all agree on what to do. So they did.   Senator Bennet and I introduced legislation called the FAST Act that  would reduce this to the size of a postcard. It only had two questions  on it. Well, that was too simplified. What we found out, for example,  was that the State of Indiana and the State of Tennessee have their  student aid, and they rely on some of this information to decide what  aid to give in addition to the Federal aid. So we took the questions  off this, and then they would have to ask the questions, so we really  hadn't solved any problems.   So we kept working. Senator Murray, the Democratic leader of our  committee, and I worked together on this during these 7 years, and we  began to make some progress. The progress we made first was with the  Obama administration, and they agreed to what sounded like a simple  change. They just administratively allowed you to use your previous  year's tax returns rather than your current year's tax returns to fill  out the 22 tax questions on this form. You can imagine how hard it  would be to use this year's tax returns, so that was a big help.    Then the Trump administration put this 108-questionnaire on an app so  you can use your iPhone to fill it out. Now, that would be pretty hard  for me, but I have seen a lot of the youngsters in Tennessee in the  Sevier County High School, for example, who went right to work. They  did a pretty quick job of doing this. That helped a lot.   Then, Senator Murray and I, Senator Jones from Alabama and Senator  Scott from South Carolina--last year we introduced a bill called the  FUTURE Act, and the FUTURE Act did two things. It said that for 22 of  the questions here, the ones that you have to give to the government  twice--you give it to the Education Department and you give it to the  IRS, and then they check to see if you made a mistake, and if they do,  they slow down your aid. We said: Let's simplify that. Let's just say  all you have to do is check a box, and the IRS will answer those 22  questions for you. That is a law now, and it will take a couple of  years to implement because, again, we are talking about 20 million  families a year. So we saved them that trouble.   Now, guess what else we saved. We saved enough money to permanently  fund historically Black colleges. How about that? Filling out all this  form didn't save the government money; it cost the government money. So  we were able, in one act, to save 20 million families--many of them  minority families and most of them low income--the trouble of filling  out those 22 questions and permanently fund Black colleges. So now we  have legislation, Senator Jones and I and others--and there are many  Senators who have been involved in this, in addition to Senator Murray.  Senator Booker has had an interest, and Senator Collins, Senator King,  Senator Burr. Again, I mentioned Senator Bennet earlier. You can see  Republicans and Democrats all see the wisdom of this, as well as every  witness we have ever had who comes before us. So we have a new bill  that says: Let's get rid of 53 questions and turn this into this. That  is what the hearing was about today.   Now, why wouldn't we do that? Almost everyone says we should. Should  we deliberately require 20 million families to answer 53 unnecessary  questions that discourage many low-income students from going to  college? Should we insist on that? I don't think so.   According to the Congressional Budget Office, this would probably  mean that about 400,000 more students would apply for Pell grants. That  is what the Pell grant is for. It is to encourage low-income students  who want a ticket to the head of the line, a ticket called higher  education, a ticket that the college board said increases your earnings  by $1 million over your lifetime if you get a 4-year degree, and this  is our effort to help low-income students get that ticket to a better  life and a better education and more money.   So why wouldn't we do it and why wouldn't we do it during this  pandemic? This has to be the strangest year of college in a century--at  least a century. Students are stressed out, families are stressed out,  and then we are going to add to the stress by saying: And in addition,  your friendly Federal Government, in order for you to get a Pell grant,  is going to insist that you answer 53 questions that everybody says are  unnecessary for the government to determine whether you are eligible  for the loan or for the grant.   And then there is one final reason we should do it. The act that  Senator Murray and Senator Jones and Senator Scott and I introduced and  became law last year with President Trump's signature, the one that  saved enough money to permanently fund historically Black colleges,  that is going to take a couple of years to implement. So if we go ahead  and pass the law that turns this into this before the end of this year,  we can do both of them at the same time.   I think the American people would feel pretty good about the U.S.  Congress that, in the midst of a pandemic, finished its work on such an  important piece of legislation.  [[Page S5700]]    Our hearing today was well attended. We had four of the same  witnesses who came 7 years ago and said: There is no need to ask all  these questions. Nobody needs them. Nobody needs the answers. All it  does is turn away from college students whom we want to encourage to  go.   Now, think about that. That is a deliberate act by the Federal  Government not to change that. It doesn't save any money. It doesn't  eliminate any fraud. All it does is turn away from college the people  whom we want to encourage to have a chance to go.   I am hopeful that the hearing today and our repeated efforts will  help us create approval of this before the end of the year. Since  nobody tells me they are against it, you would think we would do it.  Sometimes people say: Well, we need to agree on everything before we  pass anything. Sometimes that is true. But when something is this  important, when it affects this many families, and when it comes at a  time when families are under stress anyway, let's turn a 108-question  FAFSA into a 33-question FAFSA. Let's allow that to be implemented by  the Federal Government at the same time last year's law is implemented,  and let's make it simpler and easier for deserving Americans to go to  college.   There are lots of other things we need to do about higher education.  We need more accountability. We need to deal with student loans. There  are many things we need to do. We have had a lot of discussions about  those. We are not going to get agreement on that this year, but just as  we were able to do for the historically Black colleges last year and  the first step of the FAFSA, I think it would be wise to finish the  job.   I was very pleased with our hearing. I am grateful to Senator Murray  for her kind comments this morning that she made and for her friendship  and her willingness to work with me on this, and I would hope that, for  the benefit of those 20 million families, we would have some success.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   