 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   As ranking member of the Military Personnel Subcommittee, I stand  before you today in proud support of the National Defense Authorization  Act for fiscal year 2021. The conference report reflects bipartisan  compromise that has been a hallmark of this committee for 59  consecutive years.   The National Defense Authorization Act has always been about ensuring  the national defense of the United States, which would be impossible  without appropriate focus on the men and women who tirelessly serve  this country; and appropriate focus on their families who serve this  great Nation by supporting their loved ones time and again; through the  deployments, the training periods and all the challenges of day-to-day  living. We owe them a great debt of gratitude. The NDAA also preserves  a number of robust TRICARE and retirement benefits for our retirees.   To this end, we addressed a number of significant and overdue policy  issues that would directly improve the quality of life of our  servicemembers and their families.   The NDAA authorizes a 3 percent increase in basic pay for  servicemembers. It also standardizes the payment of hazardous duty  incentive pay and increases hazardous duty pay from $250 to $275 a  month for members of the uniformed services.   The NDAA reinforces the committee's longstanding commitment to the  military family by requiring the Department of Defense to redefine  military family readiness and military personnel resiliency, and it  provides for significant reforms in the Exceptional Family Member  Program.   Of course, the NDAA also addresses COVID-19.   This is an outstanding bipartisan NDAA dedicated to our  servicemembers, military families, and retirees, and gives them the  care and support they need, deserve, and have earned.   I thank my staff, Sergeant Major Jeremy Barton, my Army Fellow;  Rodney Hall, my MLA; and our MILPER staff, Glen Diehl and Paul Golden.  I thank Chairwoman Speier for working together with me to do a great  Military Personnel mark. Finally, I thank Mac Thornberry, a mentor,  leader, and friend.   