 ROE of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, today, I rise in  support of H.R. 2468, the School-Based Allergies and Asthma Management  Program Act, a bill I have been proud to work on with my friend, Leader  Hoyer, that will help students with asthma excel in an asthma-friendly  learning environment.   Madam Speaker, I will say that I had the privilege of visiting Mr.  Walden's district a few years ago when we were working on the VA  MISSION Act, and he explained to me that his congressional district had  more square miles than the State of Tennessee. I didn't believe that,  but it happens to be true. It has more square miles. And that one  statement really helped me in composing that bill.   I also thank Leader Hoyer--when he mentioned that in 2013, we didn't  know each other very well then, but we got to know each other. And that  bill, the EpiPen bill it is called, passed. And in my own community,  just a community about 20 miles north of me, not 2, 3 years ago, a  middle school student, who didn't know she had allergies, had  anaphylaxis, and because the EpiPen was available, because of Mr.  Hoyer's work and others, that child survived.   I also thank Mr. Pallone and Mr. Walden. Remember the incredible  arguments we had about the cost of the EpiPen? I travel with one all  the time because I am more concerned about an allergy of some kind when  I travel. They always ask on airplanes: ``Is there a doctor here?'' I  am always with one. And you all helped push the price of that down-- your work on that did--from $600, which was absurd for an EpiPen.   And you know, Mr. Hoyer, with your daughter, I don't care how much  money you have, that is a lot of money to pay. And you have to have two  of them, not one. So that price has dropped dramatically because I  think a lot of the work this Congress has done.   Last week marked the beginning of fall, as we all know. And for many  of us, the cooler weather means the return to football and a new school  year--different school year, but back. For millions of other Americans  living with asthma, seasonal allergies, and other respiratory diseases,  these changes of temperature mean difficulty breathing.   There are roughly 6 million school-aged children in the U.S.  currently living with asthma. This is one of the leading causes of  absenteeism. In fact, according to the National Asthma Education and  Prevention Program, parents have reported that students collectively  miss 14 million days of school every year due to asthma alone. While  asthma poses serious health risks, it can be effectively managed with  proper education, planning, and treatment, and does not have to  negatively impact a child's access to education.   The Department of Education and the Department of Health and Human  Services both recommend that schools have comprehensive management  programs in place to support children with lower airway disorders like  asthma and keep these disorders under control while they are at school.  Unfortunately, most schools do not have such programs in place. And  that is why our bill, the School-Based Allergies and Asthma Management  Program uses a proven model to encourage States to ensure schools are  prepared to help children suffering from asthma.   The two most important strategies for preparing schools are  implementing management plans and ensuring that school staff members  are prepared to assist children experiencing an attack. Our bill  encourages States to do just that. This type of preparation and  management in schools will not only improve a child's health but also  ensure that students are able to focus on learning. No student should  be at risk in a school because of a failure for them to manage a  respiratory disorder. The good news is that together, we can fix this.   The start of the new school year serves as a valuable reminder of the  work that still needs to be done, and I look forward to passing this  bipartisan legislation today and getting it one step closer to the  President's desk so that students with asthma and allergies can focus  on their education.   Madam Speaker, I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for  their very, very kind comments, and I encourage support of this bill.   