 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to address the  Senate for 1 minute in morning business.    Madam President, today is a very important day that we  recognize once a year--National Religious Freedom Day. It is a day when  we celebrate America's longstanding commitment to religious freedom.   The First Amendment to the Constitution protects that right for  Americans. Unfortunately, this fundamental right we have great respect  for in the United States is under attack internationally in many  autocratic countries.   Around the world, people are being persecuted for their faith by  authoritarian dictatorships and terrorist groups. Countries like China,  North Korea, and Russia restrict their citizens' rights to practice  their own religion.   China, for example, plans to enforce additional restrictions on  religious groups starting February 1. That is already on top of a very  bad record they have for religious freedom. That is in regard to China,  but it would apply to all countries.   I have legislation to require the United States to work to block  World Bank projects in wealthy countries like China and Russia that  abuse religious freedoms.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, this is a very serious claim being  made by Senator Toomey, and I don't take this lightly because the  privilege afforded by the trade promotion authority is a very important  matter.   The appropriations language that Senator Toomey takes issue with is,  indeed, trade promotion authority-compliant. The appropriations ensure  that the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement's commitments are  fulfilled and enforceable by providing adequate resources to do so. The  commitments cover bipartisan priorities, including the monitoring,  enforcement, and recapitalization of the North American Development  Bank.   If funds were only authorized, as Senator Toomey has suggested, there  would be no guarantee that we would be able to fulfill the commitments  made in the USMCA, and the credibility of our good-faith negotiations  with Mexico and Canada is the presumption that we will carry out this  agreement and carry it out year after year after year. Besides,  historically, all trade bills result in changes to Federal spending and  revenue.   This bill has the benefit of reducing the deficit even with the funds  discussed by Senator Toomey. Striking the emergency designations could  lead to a sequestration of discretionary funding as regular  appropriations for fiscal year 2020 have already been enacted. The  emergency designation is, in this precise context--and in a very  precise context--considered strictly necessary or appropriate under  section 103 of the trade promotion authority 2015.   Here is the oddity of the Senator's argument: If Senator Toomey is  suggesting funds be authorized, I think he inherently agrees that  enforcement funding is either strictly necessary or appropriate to  implement the USMCA. This is a very important clarification to make;  that the trade promotion authority language is ``strictly necessary or  appropriate.''   It is for Congress, then, to decide what is strictly necessary or  appropriate. The Committee on Finance, with jurisdiction over the  entire bill, and the Committees on the Budget and Appropriations, with  jurisdiction over the language at issue, voted overwhelmingly to  support the bill. It is important to note that the final appropriation  was significantly reduced in consideration of concerns about spending,  including my own concerns.   Finally, I emphasize this was a negotiated outcome, which was  necessary in order to achieve the broad bipartisan support that this  bill is going to get--particularly to get it through the House of  Representatives.   I am satisfied with the final outcome, so I will make a motion to  waive the point of order, if it is made, and I urge my colleagues to  support waiving the point of order and to vote yes for the USMCA so we  can deliver a victory to the American people.    Madam President, I object.    Madam President, pursuant to section 904 of the  Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and the waiver provisions of  applicable budget resolutions, I move to waive all applicable sections  of that act and applicable budget resolutions for purposes of H.R.  5430, and I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for 30 seconds  for me and 1 minute for Senator Wyden for closing remarks.    Mr. President, the United States-Mexico-Canada  Agreement is a major achievement for President Trump and a very big  bipartisan win for the American people. We should all take care,  Republican or Democrat, that this is good. I look forward to signing  this bill and sending it to the President's desk.   I yield the floor.   