 Madam President, I will vote against each of the House  Democrats' Articles of Impeachment, and I would like to explain why.   The House Democrats' impeachment proceedings and their Articles of  Impeachment were and are fatally flawed. My friends, the House  Democrats, say that the President is out of control. What they really  mean is that the President is out of their control. And that is not  grounds for impeachment.   First, the process. The House Democrats' impeachment proceedings were  rigged. Speaker Pelosi and the House Democratic leadership decided  before they even began to give President Trump a fair and impartial  firing squad. Speaker Pelosi and the House Democrats' judicial  philosophy from the very beginning was guilty. That is why much of the  proceedings were held in secret.   Democracy, they say, dies in darkness, and I believe it. That is why  the House Democrats hid the identity of the original accuser, the so- called whistleblower, thus prohibiting the American people from being  able to judge the accuser's motives. That is also why the House  Democrats prevented the President and his counsel from cross-examining  the House Democrats' witnesses, from offering his own witnesses, from  offering rebuttal evidence, and even from being able to challenge the  House Democrats' evidence. The House Democrats wouldn't even allow the  President or his counsel to attend critical parts of the impeachment  proceedings.   The U.S. Senate cannot and should not consider an impeachment based  on such a deficient record. It is true that in America no one is above  the law, but no one is beneath it either. Fairness matters in our  country.   The House Democrats' impeachment is also flawed because it is a  partisan impeachment. Its genesis is partisan rage. Not a single,  solitary House Republican voted for the Articles of Impeachment--not  one.   The House Democrats made a conscious decision to turn impeachment  into a routine Washington, DC, political weapon, to normalize it. Our  country's Founders were concerned about impeachments based on partisan  rage and our country's Founders were adamantly opposed. That is why in  the Constitution they required a two-thirds vote of the Senate to  impeach.   Now, a word about the substance of the House Democrats' Articles of  Impeachment. The House Democrats accused the President of obstruction  of justice. Why? Because he chose to assert executive privilege and  testimonial immunity when the House Democrats sought testimony and  documents from some of the President's closest aides. Anyone who knows  a lawbook from a J. Crew catalog does not take this charge seriously.  Executive privilege and testimonial immunity are well-established,  constitutionally based Presidential and executive branch privileges  that every President at one time or another has asserted. The proper  course by the House Democrats in the face of the assertion of these  privileges was to seek judicial review--go see a judge to seek judicial  review from our third branch of government, which then would have  balanced the policies underlining the privileges against the public  interest of overriding the privileges. But House Democrats chose not to  do that. They cannot now complain.   The House Democrats also accused President Trump of abuse of power.  If you listen carefully to their allegations, you will see that they  don't really argue that the President of the United States did not and  does not have the inherent authority to pause U.S. foreign aid to  Ukraine until Ukraine agreed to investigate corruption. That is clearly  within the authority of the President of the United States.   Instead, the House Democrats, claiming to be able to read the  President's mind, say that the President did it with a corrupt motive  because the investigation of corruption was against former Vice  President Joe Biden, a political rival. But the President didn't get  Joe Biden's name out of a phonebook. Why did the President ask for an  investigation involving former Vice President Biden? Four words: Hunter  Biden and Burisma.   Now, these are the facts. President Obama put Vice President Biden in  charge of the foreign affairs of our country for two other countries,  Ukraine and China. And in both instances, the former Vice President's  son, Hunter Biden, promptly walked away with millions of dollars in  contracts from politically connected companies in those two countries,  including Burisma Holdings. The message that this behavior sent to the  world was that America's foreign policy can be bought like a sack of  potatoes. No fairminded person can argue that an investigation of this  possible corruption was not in the national interest.   The House Democrats' impeachment proceedings and their Articles of  Impeachment are an example of swamped-up Washington, DC, both  procedurally and substantively. On the basis of partisan rage--partisan  rage coursing through their veins--the House Democrats seek to annul  the 134 million Americans who voted in the 2016 Presidential election,  which resulted in the Trump Presidency, and to do so when a new  Presidential election is just 10 months away. No one in the Milky Way  who is fairminded can believe this is good for America. A nation as  great as ours deserves better.  [[Page S834]]    So to my Democratic friends, here is what I say. The 2016  Presidential election is over. Let it go. Put aside your partisan rage.  Stop regretting yesterday, and instead, let's try working together and  creating tomorrow, because, after all, the future is just a bunch of  things we do right now strung together.   I yield the floor.   