 Madam Speaker, the COVID pandemic has changed almost  every aspect of American life. While it may be difficult to measure at  this stage, we know the impact on medical health of Americans across  the country is significant and it is alarming.   In the age of technology and instant gratification, more and more  people were already feeling less connected. But once the pandemic  struck, the negative effects of isolation and uncertainty were only  compounded into a sense of hopelessness nationwide. If you don't have  hope, you have very little reason to follow a moral code or fear the  results of your actions.   Hopelessness and desperation can be a dangerous trigger and it can  lead to acts of violence. Unfortunately, victims of violence are often  caught in a vicious cycle of violence, as one of the main risk factors  for violent injury is a previous violent injury.   My colleague, Congressman Ruppersberger, and I introduced legislation  to try and put a stop to this horrific cycle of violence, the  Bipartisan Solution to Cyclical Violence Act. Our legislation  establishes a grant program at the Department of Health and Human  Services to award grants to existing and aspiring violence intervention  programs.   These programs intervene while a victim is still in the hospital  recovering from their injuries, and provide a wide range of services  like counseling, substance abuse treatment, job training, or even  assistance finding affordable housing. And it doesn't stop when the  victim walks out of the hospital. The intervention continues for  several months, and sometimes even up to a year following the initial  incident.   The successes of these programs have been astounding. At the  University of Maryland Medical System, participants showed an 83  percent decrease in rehospitalization due to intentional violent  injury, and a 75 percent reduction in criminal activity, and an 82  percent increase in employment. These programs really work.   By supporting victims with the resources and education to pursue a  different path, we can stop the vicious cycle of violence and give  people hope for a better tomorrow. It is more important than ever that  we work together to help and heal those who are struggling.   I remain committed to finding commonsense and bipartisan solutions to  problems facing our country, and the Bipartisan Solution to Cyclical  Violence Act is a perfect example of how we can work together to enact  policies that will have real and lasting impact in our communities.   Madam Speaker, I thank Congressman Dutch Ruppersberger for working on  this important bipartisan legislation. I also thank the chairman and  the ranking member for bringing this up and your help with that.   