 Madam Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 2339.   I want to be clear from the outset, we need to find ways to keep  vaping and tobacco products out of the hands of children and teenagers,  including legal products that contain nicotine, as well as the black  market products that contain THC and which have contributed to an  alarming number of health concerns and deaths, including two in my home  State of Kansas.   In recent months, these deaths have rightly attracted national  attention and scrutiny, but the bill before us today is not the right  solution to address this troubling situation.   Instead of following regular order, the tax title of this legislation  did not have a hearing prior to markup in the Ways and Means Committee.  I believe our constituents deserve to know about the impacts of vaping  and the direct causes of recent deaths before we consider a $10 billion  tax hike.   In addition, the substance of this legislation is technically flawed.  While the bill is titled the ``Protecting American Lungs and Reversing  the Youth Tobacco Epidemic Act,'' it does nothing to address youth  access to tobacco.   Congress has already raised the legal age of tobacco and nicotine  consumption to 21 in December of last year. Because of this action, it  seems that the only purpose of this legislation is to eliminate choice  of millions of law-abiding adults.   The tax chapter of this legislation defines ``taxable nicotine,'' not  vaping. This targets other legal nicotine products that are unrelated  to vaping. A better solution would have been to use the FDA's  definition of Electronic Nicotine Delivery Systems, or ENDS.   Additionally, this legislation taxes nicotine on the basis of weight.  It would have been more appropriate and technically easier to tax  vaping on the basis of milliliters, just as Kansas has done, as vaping  products are sold as liquids.   Instead of targeting black market products, the bill levies a nearly  $10 billion tax on American consumers of these legal products, which  medical journals have found to be 95 percent safer than cigarettes.   This nicotine tax does not reflect the harm of vapor products related  to traditional tobacco products. Instead it taxes vaping at a higher  level per unit than traditional combustible tobacco products, which may  encourage adults to transition back to cigarettes.   Both the CDC and the FDA have acknowledged that the outbreak of lung  illnesses and deaths are mostly attributable to illicit marijuana and  THC in vaping, which are not addressed at all in this bill.   The bill appears to be primarily a massive money grab and another  step towards an outright tobacco ban rather than a solution to a very  real health crisis.   I look forward to working to address the crisis, but I urge my  colleagues today to vote against this bill.   