 Madam President, I am here this evening to discuss a  tragic issue that is affecting way too many Americans across the  country. This tragedy is mental health and suicide. A majority of  Americans are encountering an unprecedented amount of stress due to  COVID-19, and resources previously used to help individuals cope are  even more limited. What is more concerning is that compounding  stressors and depleted resources increase the likelihood of public  health disparities like the one I am discussing today. If there ever  were a time to invest in mental health, it is now.   In a recent article from the Journal of the American Medical  Association, researchers discussed several risk factors that put our  Nation collectively at a higher risk for suicide. These risk factors  include economic stress, decreased access to community and religious  support systems, lack of access to adequate mental health and suicide  prevention services, and social isolation. This has unfortunately  caused a severe lack of personal and social connection, which we know  to be a protective factor against suicide.   This evening I want to specifically highlight veterans as they face  unique risk factors for suicide, in addition to the increased stress  around COVID-19. Research illustrates that veterans have a higher rate  of suicide and certain mental health conditions than their civilian  peers. We know there is not one single explanation or reason for  suicide, and there is no one single treatment or prevention strategy.   While post-traumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain injuries are  prominent among veterans and are known as an invisible wound of war, we  now realize other conditions, such as depression, anxiety, and  substance use disorder, also contribute to suicide among veterans and  all Americans.   Our veterans are fighting new battles, and the stress caused by  COVID-19 has only exacerbated these issues. Just recently, two veterans  from different generations, who lived on different coasts and fought in  different wars decades apart, died by suicide. One was a 74-year-old  veteran who died on the campus of a VA facility in San Diego, and the  other was a former Green Beret in Washington, DC. They are two of the  20 veterans who are lost each day to suicide--a number we know as far  too great.   The Army recently lost a respected soldier known as ``Captain  America.'' Master Sergeant Marckesano fought in Afghanistan, and  according to news reports, 30 soldiers from his former unit have died  by suicide since their 2009 deployment. Until the end, Master Sergeant  Marckesano was encouraging members of his old unit to reach out and  talk if they found themselves struggling, telling them ``Don't let the  valley win.'' Even soldiers who try to be strong for others find  themselves in a circumstance where they don't see another option, and  they lose their battle.   Another veteran I want to highlight today who fought a battle with  his mental health was Commander John Scott Hannon. Commander Hannon's  DD-214 illustrates that he was a decorated Navy SEAL, but he was much  more than his service history and the wounds he bore as a result. His  family and friends remember him as a passionate mental health advocate  for veterans with a gentle heart and a fierce  [[Page S4340]]  belief in taking tangible actions to tackle big challenges.   Sadly, Commander Hannon lost his courageous fight with post-traumatic  stress, bipolar disorder, and the effects of a traumatic brain injury  in February 2018. However, he lives on in the memories of his friends  and family and as the namesake of pivotal legislation in the Senate  that I am pleased to lead with the Senator from Montana, Mr. Tester.   For several months now, our committee has been working closely with  the VA and the White House to improve upon and advance the Commander  John Scott Hannon Veterans Mental Health Care Improvement Act, S. 785,  which will make necessary investments in suicide prevention services,  innovative research, and improvements to mental healthcare.   This bill will establish a grant program that requires the VA and the  Department of Veterans Affairs to better collaborate with community  organizations across the country already serving veterans. This  collaboration will result in earlier identification of veterans who are  at risk of suicide and will provide the ability to intervene with  preventive services. This is a provision championed by my colleague  from Arkansas, Senator Boozman. Additionally, this legislation requires  the VA to bolster research efforts around brain and mental health  conditions, expand upon telehealth partnerships to deliver better care  to our veterans in rural areas, allow veterans to take advantage of  emerging complimentary and integrative treatments, and so much more.   This bipartisan legislation received a unanimous 17-to-0 vote in the  Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs earlier this year, and the time  to act by the full Senate is now. We should not wait.   The increased risk factors coupled with the negative effects of the  pandemic could be a perfect storm for our veterans, as researchers from  the American Psychological Association noted in a recent article. With  this in mind, I am calling on my colleagues to do our part to make  certain that every veteran has access to the lifesaving care and  support they need. We need to ensure that every VA medical center is  equipped with the proper personnel, evidence-based treatment options,  and best research-informed care to fit the needs of each veteran who  walks through that hospital door.   For veterans and servicemembers like Commander John Scott Hannon and  Master Sergeant Marckesano, we in Congress have the opportunity to take  action to let them know they don't have to struggle alone. This  legislation will help connect these veterans and our servicemembers to  more resources and provide them tools to address challenges related to  their service. To my colleagues, we have a significant role and  responsibility to combat this struggle, and here, today, we can do our  part to make certain that in the end the valley does not win.   In the spirit of this bill's namesake, we must take real and urgent  action to tackle this challenge together. As we seek swift action on S.  785 on the Senate floor, I ask my colleagues to join us in our fight  against suicide.   Lastly, to the veterans across the country who may hear this message  today, who are experiencing thoughts of suicide, I ask you to reach out  for help. Call a trusted friend, family member, or reach out to the  Veterans Crisis Line. That number is 1-800-273-8255, and then press 1.  Again, 1-800-273-8255, followed by pressing 1.   I am pleased to know that in the future, this crisis line will be  updated to 9-8-8. This is because the Senate acted on my legislation,  along with Senator Gardner, to designate 9-8-8 as the new national  suicide and mental health crisis hotline earlier this year. Last week,  the FCC announced they will make this designation operational by July  16, 2022.   Suicide is preventable, and now is the time we take the stand  necessary to protect the lives of people who have given so much for our  Nation. They have protected us; we need to protect them.   I yield the floor.   