 Mr. Speaker, I always appreciate coming to the floor to  talk about the good bipartisan work that we do in the Small Business  Committee. It truly has been an honor serving on that committee this  term.   I rise today in support of H.R. 6133, the STEP Improvement Act of  2020, which reauthorizes the SBA's State Trade Expansion Program, or  STEP, for the next 4 years.   The program helps small exporters expand their markets, grow their  businesses, and create new American jobs.   In fiscal year 2019, STEP helped small businesses export over $974  million in goods and services, which yielded a 54-to-1 return on  investment.   The program enhances State and Federal export efforts, facilitates  coordination of services, and expands the resources available to our  Nation's small businesses.   Last year, the committee held a series of hearings to evaluate the  STEP program.   In March 2019, representatives from the U.S. Government  Accountability Office and the SBA's Office of Inspector General  identified program management weaknesses and recommended reforms.   In June 2019, we received testimony from State administrators and  small businesses that have successfully utilized STEP funds.   Our committee has carefully reviewed oversight reports and  stakeholder feedback to determine the appropriate path in this  reauthorization.   With these recommendations in mind, H.R. 6133 streamlines the  program's administration from the application process to the reporting  requirements.   Thousands of our small businesses are competing in the global economy  through the STEP program. Now more than ever, we need to support small  businesses as our economy is recovering.   In my home State of Florida, more than 55,000 small businesses export  their goods and services, and this program will help them and their  employees.   In passing H.R. 6133, we maximize the potential of our small  exporters.   Thank you to the gentlewoman from Iowa (Ms. Finkenauer) for working  with me on this piece of legislation and her commitment to bipartisan  cooperation.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   