 Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and  include extraneous material on the subject of this Special Order.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, tonight we are going to spend the next hour paying  tribute to a special man who has served here in this Congress since  1997, our dear friend, Congressman   John Shimkus.   John came to Congress back at a time when you saw a lot more  collegiality. In fact, Madam Speaker, tonight we have Republicans and  Democrats on this floor who are going to be talking about   John  Shimkus, the man;   John Shimkus, our friend;   John Shimkus, the  legislator, somebody who, when he retires, will have a proud record of  achievement showing how he made his mark on this great Nation.   We are joined in this House Chamber tonight by John's lovely wife,  Karen, who is here tonight. His son, Josh, is not far from the Chamber.  We have many friends, and I know we have a limited amount of time.   First, Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Alaska (Mr.  Young), the dean of the House.    Thank you, Dean Young. We are going to check that  record. I know I am glad I never went up against you, although you have  taken a few of us to the woodshed.   Madam Speaker, keeping with the bipartisan tradition, I yield to the  gentleman from California (Mr. McNerney), our friend on the Energy and  Commerce Committee.    With that warm tribute, Madam Speaker, clearly, we work  well together. We have a comity with each other. You have to keep your  sanity around here by keeping things lighthearted in the middle of a  lot of heated battles sometimes. But in the meantime, when you think  about the friendships--and I will share my story about John shortly.   There is a townhouse that   John Shimkus owns here in Washington,  D.C., and it is a four-bedroom townhouse. There are four Members of  Congress who live in that townhouse. We each have our own bedrooms and  bathrooms, but we come together. It has been, I think, a special part  of all of our times up here in Congress to get to know each other so  well.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Brady), the  Member of Congress who has lived in the townhouse with John the  longest, probably going back to when he purchased it, our dear friend,  colleague, and roommate.    As you can see, Madam Speaker, these are tough jobs,  these are tough times, but when you come up to Congress, you don't just  come up here to fight for the things you believe in. That is clearly  why you run. We all have a deep love for this country. We all have a  deep set of beliefs that we come to try to advocate for. But we all  know, in a job like this, you can't do it alone. You need to work with  other people. You need to find allies, people who want to help join you  in that cause to advance the things you believe in. And along that way,  Madam Speaker, you truly do make deep friendships.   I remember, I was a new Member in a special election. I came in  towards the tail end of a Congress in 2008 with only 6 months left in  the term. I didn't really know anybody here. I was trying to find my  way, in fact, trying to find a place to live. I was living with one of  my college roommates who works up here in D.C. They had a baby on the  way, and I was staying in the baby's room, so I knew I had a few weeks  left before I had to find another place to live.   So I asked my colleague right over there, I asked Jim McCrery, the  Congressman from Louisiana, I said: Jim, I am looking for a place. What  do you do to find a place around here?   He said: Well, you know,   John Shimkus has an opening at his town  house.   I said: Who is   John Shimkus?   I didn't know John. And he literally pointed, and John was right  there in the well of the House during a vote series. So all the Members  of Congress were joined together, and he points John out.   I walked down, and I introduced myself to John. I said: I heard you  have an opening at your town house. I just came here, and I am looking  for a place to stay.   He said: Why don't you come by later tonight.   And that, Madam Speaker, started an incredible friendship.   That next day, I called my wife, Jennifer, that night and I said: I  think I found a place to live.''   That next day I moved in. I didn't really know Kevin Brady, and next  thing you know, I am rooming with these gentlemen and getting to know  people who became dear friends.   And again, in a job like this, you work really hard advocating for  the things that you ran on back home. You are fighting for the people  in your district. I am honored to represent southeast Louisiana. But  you are also working with some incredible people, and you get to meet  incredible people along the way.   John Shimkus is truly, as Kevin  said, one of those true, genuine people, somebody you can entrust the  things that you want to share with only a few people.   Close friendships do form up here. You don't hear about that a lot,  yet we were able to form such a deep friendship, somebody you can  trust.   As Kevin said, John went to West Point. He is an Army guy, so he was  the drill sergeant in the town house. And when John says something, you  back your brother's play.   In fact, the second day I was in the town house, John said: Steve,  tomorrow you have got to get up at 6 in the morning, and we are going  out to play baseball.   I didn't know about the tradition between the Democrats and  Republicans. I guess I have John to blame.   John said: You have got to come out for the baseball team.   I hadn't played baseball in over 25 years. I didn't even have a  glove, and yet, next thing you know, the next morning I am up playing  baseball. And, boy, what a start of, again, an ability to generate even  more friendships, to forge friendships with people on both sides of the  aisle, some that you work with on a regular basis, some that you are  not always working with, but people you get to form a deep friendship  with.   And that is really what makes Congress work. It is not the things  that you see on the nightly news, the big fights that go on between the  parties and sometimes within the parties, but it is the day-to-day  grind where people do come together and find common ground to advance  the things that they believe in to make this a greater nation. And    John Shimkus has done that on so many fronts. I got to see it.   Yes, he is the first one up. He is reading his Bible. He is writing  down verses. But when it is time to leave, he starts to whistle. And  you don't need an alarm clock. When John starts to whistle, that means  it is time to go to work.   And, again, he is just a person who wakes up and goes to work for the  people of southern Illinois and the United States of America, just like  he served our country in the military. For 24 years, he served this  great Nation.   We are a better nation because   John Shimkus has been a Member of  this wonderful body, the people's House. This is really where people  come together.   I started this morning in Philadelphia. I had some meetings there,  and I actually, on my way out, passed by Independence Hall. You never  can see that enough. I got to see the Liberty Bell this morning. I got  to go see the chamber where George Washington sat as they signed the  Declaration of Independence, where they wrote the Constitution of the  United States, right next door, the chamber where Congress met for 10  years when they were building this beautiful building, where they  actually passed the Bill of Rights.   We are all honored to be a part of this special place where people of  all walks of life come together. And you meet people of different  backgrounds, you work with people of different backgrounds, and you  work to make this a better country. And you just hope, you just pray,  as you are praying to God for strength, for wisdom, for guidance, as we  all do, that whenever you leave--we all leave this job; hopefully, you  leave on your own terms--if you look back, you can say that you left  your mark, you made this a better country.      John Shimkus, you left your mark. You get to leave on your own  terms. You get to go home with Karen and enjoy your life in southern  Illinois. You have earned this opportunity to have a new chapter in  your life because you can look back and say, for 24 years, you served  here in this great body and made this a better institution and made  this a better country because of your service.   Thank you, John, for this opportunity to get to know you so well.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   