 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding.  And I agree. I wish we could have come here with a bill that we all can  agree upon. Unfortunately, instead, I have to say I oppose the bill  that we are discussing today.   This is particularly important because, over the past few months, we  see the impact that the pandemic has had on our workforce. All of us  standing here today are fortunate to be in positions where we can learn  to do our jobs differently. We can do them differently whether it is  remotely, or we can implement new safety measures, or some combination  of the two.   But there are millions of Americans who don't get that opportunity to  work remotely. Instead, they have lost their jobs.   We all know that the workforce will not look the same once this  public health emergency is over. So it is more imperative than ever  that we take actions to help job-displaced individuals learn new skill  sets to be competitive and to fit these new jobs that will be  available.   Expanding apprenticeships is one tool to help accomplish that goal.  The bill before us today presented a real opportunity for Congress to  make smart reforms to our apprenticeship system when it is needed most,  but unfortunately, H.R. 8294 comes up short in achieving this.   Now, I will say as well that throughout my past 2 years serving as  the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Higher Education and  Workforce Investment, I have enjoyed working alongside Chairwoman  Davis.   As we looked at other models, we studied both U.S. models and  international models of apprenticeship as well. We held hearings and  received testimony from officials from countries like Switzerland,  Australia, Germany, and Belgium.   What struck us most was that each of those nations has  apprenticeships in nearly every single industry, not just a few like we  have here in the U.S. From banking to positions in the healthcare  [[Page H5969]]  industry, these nations have managed to find a structure, a system that  can respond to labor market demands while preparing the next generation  with valuable skill sets.   While we do agree in a bipartisan fashion that these are models that  we could learn from as we reauthorize our own system, my colleagues on  the other side of the aisle have chosen to steamroll over proposals for  flexibility and double down on a registered system that places much of  the decisionmaking authority into the hands of labor unions.   The majority leader was correct when he said just a little while ago  on the floor that that is the fundamental difference of the two sides  on this bill.   This bill as written strips the Department of Labor's authority to  pursue more flexible partnerships for work-based learning models. This  legislation would prevent the Department from moving forward with the  Industry-Recognized Apprenticeship Programs, or IRAPs.    Mr. Speaker, even though IRAPs are in the early stages,  we are already seeing many new stakeholders getting involved. The  program is showing tremendous promise, and we are finally starting to  grow apprenticeship programs in industries that have never used them  before.   We believe in allowing businesses to make the decisions they believe  are best for their employees to learn the skills that they need. That  is the fundamental difference in the approach to apprenticeship.   I will be offering an amendment that will allow the law to reach the  full potential of apprenticeships to help fill in-demand jobs by  addressing some of these issues.   