 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, the coronavirus has already spread to  30 countries, including South Korea, Italy, Iran, and 53 confirmed  cases here in the United States. Officials at the World Health  Organization are now warning world governments to begin preparing for a  pandemic--a pandemic.   Here in the United States, the Trump administration has been caught  flatfooted. The administration has no plan to deal with the  coronavirus--no plan--and seemingly no urgency to develop one. Even  now, after the virus has already become a worldwide health crisis, with  rapidly growing economic risks, the Trump administration is scrambling  to respond. We have a crisis, and the Trump administration is trying to  build an airplane while already in midflight. The harsh fact of the  matter is, the Trump administration has shown towering and dangerous  incompetence when it comes to the coronavirus.   Coronavirus testing kits have not been widely distributed to our  hospitals and public health labs. Those without these kits must send  samples all the way to Atlanta rather than testing them on site,  wasting precious time as the virus spreads.   The administration has eliminated--eliminated--the global health  security teams. That is global health security, just what we need now.  They have eliminated the teams from both the National Security Council  and the Department of Homeland Security. And thanks to years of cuts to  the global health division at the Centers for Disease Control by the  Trump administration, the CDC has been forced to reduce the number of  countries it operates in from 49 to 10.   These are our frontlines. If we can deal with these diseases before  they get to the United States, we are a lot safer, and the  administration has mercilessly and thoughtlessly cut, cut, cut these  teams. And then, only a month ago, even as we began to hear about the  coronavirus in China, the administration sent us a budget that proposed  cutting the CDC budget by 16 percent. The CDC is the agency on the  frontlines that keeps us safe, keeps us healthy, and prevents American  lives from being lost.   Four words describe the administration's response to the coronavirus:  towering and dangerous incompetence. When officials at the CDC  recommended that infected passengers from a cruise ship not be flown to  the United States alongside the noninfected passengers, the State  Department overruled them. Shockingly, they put infected and  noninfected on the same plane. Was this because of politics? Did  somebody call President Trump or someone else? There are rumors to that  effect. We don't know if they are true. They should be checked out.   Typical of the administration, though, or certainly typical in so  many different instances, decisions were made based on politics and  optics rather than on the informed opinion of our scientists and  doctors. It is like the Soviet apparatchiks overruling the nuclear  scientists at Chernobyl to avoid embarrassment to the regime.   Federal agencies have been so hollowed out that one of the key  figures in responding to the coronavirus in our government is Ken  Cuccinelli, an immigration hard-liner ideologue with no public health  expertise. Yesterday, Mr. Cuccinelli posted a tweet actually asking for  information about the spread of the coronavirus. The one person the  administration can come up with to help deal with the issue then emails  and asks for information. This is, of course, because he has no  knowledge. He is not a scientist. He is not a disease preventer. This  is towering and dangerous incompetence.   President Trump, meanwhile, has said that the coronavirus might  ``miraculously'' fade once the weather gets warmer--towering and  dangerous incompetence. With no plan to deal with this potential health  crisis, the administration last night issued an emergency budget  request. It was too little and too late. It asked Congress to reprogram  funding dedicated to fighting Ebola--still considered an epidemic in  the Democratic Republic of the Congo--to deal with coronavirus. That is  robbing Peter to pay Paul. It is further evidence that the  administration is not taking the coronavirus as seriously as it should.  I said as much last night here on the floor.   The President seemed upset about my criticism of the budget proposal  this morning. I am glad he has noticed. Maybe he will start taking this  issue more seriously. Now that I have gotten the President's attention,  I want to lay out five things the Trump administration must do to get a  handle on the coronavirus.   The administration must, at a minimum, restore the cuts to the CDC  budget. Trump's cuts to the CDC budget have had dramatic effects,  shrinking the agency's footprint abroad to help combat pandemics. The  administration must commit now to reverse it.   The Trump administration must appoint a point person--a czar--to  implement a real plan to manage the coronavirus: an independent,  nonpartisan, global health expert with real expertise, not a political  appointee like Cuccinelli--somebody who is a scientist who knows these  issues and can coordinate the myriad Federal agencies to fight the  fight and prevent American lives from being lost.   The administration must increase its emergency budget request to at  least $3.1 billion with no cuts--no cuts--for Ebola funding, which is  still raging in Africa. The $3.1 billion is the amount our public  health organizations say is necessary. The funding must also include a  commitment to reimburse States and localities for all expenses related  to addressing the outbreak.   The Trump administration must expedite delivery of diagnostic testing  kits to all 50 States and public health laboratories so the tests don't  have to be sent--these samples don't have to be sent to Atlanta and  people wait, wait, and wait for a result as the disease spreads.   And finally, the administration must stop the proliferation of junk  insurance plans that do not even cover coronavirus tests and other  related healthcare services. This is typical of why we have opposed  these junk plans. They cover hardly anything. Now that we have this  crisis--the coronavirus--so many people who have these junk plans will  not get tested because they can't afford it and because their plans  don't cover it, a glaring example of why junk health plans--the  administration's solution, it seems, to the health crisis--are totally  inadequate and dangerous.   These are five basic steps that any competent administration would  have already taken in preparation for the pandemic. There may be others  as well, but this is what happens when you have an administration and a  President so skeptical of science, so contemptuous of expertise, so  practiced in obscuring inconvenient facts, and so disdainful of  organization and preparation.   Madam President, you need to get your act together now. This is a  crisis. We need you to act. We need this administration to finally do  the right thing after weeks of dithering and exhibiting towering and  dangerous incompetence.   