 Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   I rise today in support of my legislation, H.R. 6096, the READI Act.   The emergency alerting system and the wireless emergency alerting  system provide safe, lifesaving tools to disseminate information during  emergencies.   In recent years, we have seen devastating fires in my home State of  California, including the Tubbs fire; the Camp fire, which was the  deadliest wildfire our Nation has faced in the last century; and the  Kincade fire.   This year, we have seen some of the largest and most devastating  fires in  [[Page H5823]]  the State's history, with a record of more than 4 million acres burned  and more than 8,100 fires across the State. Nearly every part of the  great State of California has been touched by wildfires this season.  These events demonstrate that we must improve the reliability of  emergency alerts.   As we continue to battle COVID-19, this year's wildfire season has  also presented unprecedented challenges for firefighters, emergency  managers, and the public, particularly when it comes to evacuations.  This makes it even more crucial that we have emergency alerting systems  in place that are both robust and reliable.   This legislation will improve the current wireless emergency alerting  system, and emergency alerting systems more broadly, so that my  constituents and Americans across the country can count on receiving  these alerts when faced with emergencies, including wildfires.   H.R. 6096 will ensure that more people receive critical emergency  alerts on their mobile devices, televisions, and radios, and will pave  the way for examining the feasibility of issuing alerts through online  audio and video streaming services.   Additionally, this legislation will help States improve their plans  for emergency alerting, and it will establish a reporting system for  false alerts.   Madam Speaker, I thank my colleagues, including Representative  Bilirakis, Mr. Olson, and Ms. Gabbard, for working with me on the READI  Act, as well as Senators Schatz and Thune for their leadership on this  legislation in the Senate.   Madam Speaker, I also thank Chairman Pallone and Ranking Member  Walden, and Chairman Doyle and Ranking Member Latta, for their working  with me to move this legislation through the committee.   Madam Speaker, I strongly urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on H.R.  6096.   