 Madam President, as I begin my remarks, let me thank  my friend Senator Lankford for his eloquent comments about our veterans  and those who have served and given their lives for us.   I am here with my trusty and battered ``Time to Wake up'' graphic  because, after 4 dark years on climate, there is at last a glimmer of  light on the horizon.   President-Elect Biden has promised to redirect the executive branch  to address climate change in the clear light of real science, out of  the dark swamp of fossil fuel denial and obstruction, trying--trying-- to head off a climate catastrophe while there is still time, if there  is still time.   There is a lot the executive branch can do. The President can lead  diplomatic and international trade initiatives. The environmental  regulatory agencies of government can be freed from corrupting  influence to do their duty with vigor based on science and the law.  Securities regulators can put climate risk to the economy at the  forefront, as the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has just done.  Purchasing decisions can be directed toward a clean energy future.  Permitting decisions can be made with the social cost of carbon  pollution in mind, as courts have already begun to demand even in the  corrupt Trump era.   On the investigative side, the administration can begin a hard look  at the forces of corruption that have blockaded action on climate  change: Who did this and how? Did their political spending violate  campaign finance, conflict of interest, or other laws? Did their toxic  propaganda violate laws against fraud, as the tobacco industry's did?  Was their occupation of regulatory agencies a rolling conspiracy to  violate the Administrative Procedures Act, and if so, how and for whom  was it organized? Has their interference in the judiciary compromised  the rights of parties or the integrity of courts?   American citizens deserve a full and fearless exposition of why  Congress has thwarted the public will to do something--anything-- meaningful to address this climate crisis and at whose behest.   What were the forces of corruption, and how did they accomplish their  nefarious purpose? There is a lesson in democracy here for the citizens  of this great Republic--a lesson that is now hidden behind phony front  groups and subterranean rivers of anonymous money. There is every  reason to believe that the biggest covert op in history has been run in  and against our own government. That is no way for a ``city on a hill''  to be governed.   But with all the executive branch policy work and all the  investigations that are due and overdue, there is no pathway to climate  safety that does not go through Congress. Action by Congress is a  necessity, not a luxury. I have seen no study showing any pathway to  safety without action by Congress.    To make that pathway to safety possible, we will have to change a few  things. One is, as I said, to investigate the denial and obstruction  campaign run by the fossil fuel industry, how it used its dark weaponry  of political spending--much of it anonymous--and political propaganda.  The executive branch can do this, but so can the House. Sadly, here in  the Senate, the power of the fossil fuel industry assures no such  investigation will happen in our committees if Republicans keep control  of the Senate. But the House or a high-level Presidential commission or  our Department of Justice all have tools to bring the light of  transparency into these dark and slimy corners.   Separately, we can display to the American people what corporate  America says about climate change versus what it does in Congress. It  may even surprise some CEOs what their corporate lobbying posture  actually is. If you are a CEO who is sincere about this, you ought to  commission an audit of your corporate lobbying and electioneering on  climate. Here is what you will find, unless you are maybe Patagonia or  Ben & Jerry's: Most every major American corporation does nothing in  Congress on climate--zip, zero, nada.   TechNet lobbies for the supposedly climate-friendly Silicon Valley  giants like Apple, Google, Facebook, and Microsoft. It even represents  green energy companies. Yet this year its glossy, 13-page menu of  priorities for Congress never even mentioned climate change or green  energy.   Coke and Pepsi lobby Congress through an American Beverage  Association that doesn't lift a finger on climate. That corporate  behemoth, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce--three times the lobbying muscle  of its next nearest rival, sometimes the biggest dark-money spender in  elections, a persistent voice in our courts and regulatory agencies-- that chamber is in a statistical tie for America's worst climate  obstructer--worst.   Representing Ford and GM, Abbott Labs and Johnson & Johnson, Citibank  and Bank of America, Delta and United, Target and Home Depot, Intel and  AT&T, and dozens of other big businesses is a worst climate obstructer  in America. That deserves some explaining.   Don't just blame Congress. By doing nothing, Congress is exactly  following what corporate America actually asks of Congress: Do nothing.  Do nothing. We don't care.   Want to open a pathway for a safe climate through Congress?  Republicans in Congress are going to have to hear that their corporate  benefactors demand climate action. They aren't hearing that now. They  are hearing the opposite. They are hearing: We don't care.   Democrats are ready. We have been ready for a decade. Republicans, at  least since Citizens United--it was quite bipartisan before that  decision--won't touch the issue, and by an amazing coincidence, that  party is almost entirely funded by the unlimited and often anonymous  donations of the fossil fuel industry. The money is often hidden, of  course, behind donor trusts and shell corporations and 501(c)(4) tax  organizations, but it is there, and it is billions.   The rest of corporate America has not pushed back. They have their  own tax breaks to protect and their own industry priorities to pursue,  and climate change just doesn't make it into their corporate political  agenda. Getting the so-called good guys off the bench and onto the  field could make a big difference, but they are not there now--not yet.   If corporations are going to fail this moral test so  catastrophically, it is fair to ask what good it does to give  corporations any role in our politics, let alone the commanding role  they now assert in the U.S. Congress. The Founding Fathers, for one,  would be astonished to see these monsters loose in our politics at all,  let alone so large and in charge.  [[Page S6634]]    But that is for another day. Right now, there is a lot President- Elect Biden can do to break the political logjam fossil fuel money has  built: Investigate it, expose it, and then overwhelm it. Recruit allies  to help push back hard. Give no audience or corner to corporations  funding climate obstruction. Make lobbying groups disclose who their  big donors are so the American citizen isn't played for a chump--the  mark in a giant con game.   If you don't think big American industries are capable of committing  massive fraud, read the decision of the Federal judge in the fraud case  the United States won against Big Tobacco for that scheme of lies or  read the decision of the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals upholding her  verdict. It took investigation to get to the truth, not politics.  Indeed, investigation had to pierce through a fog of industry politics  and lies. But at the end of the day and, more specifically, at the end  of the investigation, the truth was out, and the truth was massive  industry fraud   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   