 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, look,  there are nuggets in the Senator's resolution--certainly recognizing  that, overwhelmingly, law enforcement does an honorable and valuable  job in our society. It is a tough job. The bad ones make it difficult  for all the good ones. I would agree with that. But I have to be honest  with you. There are also elements of this resolution that are not as  straightforward as the gentleman would have you believe.   First of all, the very first paragraph says that we were founded on  universal principles of freedom, justice, and human equality. Of  course, slavery existed at the time. There is no mention of America's  original sin, which is slavery. Certainly we cannot think of slavery as  human equality.   Then, to go on to suggest in his third paragraph that we are morally  committed to justice ``across all such differences, and protecting the  God-given rights of all Americans under the law,'' well, I can tell  you, in my home State of New Jersey and across the Nation, there are  many Americans who clearly do not believe that we are morally committed  to justice across all such differences. As a matter of fact, we saw  that in how the majority responded to the George Floyd death and others  across the Nation--a lot of rhetoric; very little reform. So we would  be hard-pressed to believe that paragraph has legitimacy as well.   Then the resolution reeks of supremacy, self-righteous illiberalism,  manifest ignorance, and historical illiteracy. It reeks of a  supremacist view: We know better.   Even with all of those problems and even with the fact that it has  come at the last moment, there was no effort to work with anybody to  offer maybe a bipartisan resolution that would capture all of this.  Even though it seeks to mischaracterize overwhelmingly what has been  the peaceful protests of people in the Nation, I would consider not  objecting to the Senator's request if he also recognized and added to  his resolution the fact that we have a President of the United States  who ultimately provokes inciteful language and inciteful violence.   I mean, we have a President who retweets a video of people saying  ``White power. White power.''   We have a President who retweets a video of White citizens with arms,  pointing them at peaceful protesters who--at the end of the day, it is  their right to peacefully protest.   We have a President who said that there were good people on all  sides, including the White supremacists, in Charleston.   We have a President who used violence--the armed force of the State  and violence against peaceful protesters in Lafayette Park, who were  doing none of what the Senator suggests in his resolution.   Despite all of that, if the Senator would modify his request to  include the following language: Insert at the end of his last line,  line 15, section--make a new section (5): ``Our elected officials,  especially the President of the United States, should not incite  violence or legitimize those who engage in hate-fueled acts,'' I would  consider allowing the Senator's resolution to move forward and not  objecting to it.    Mr. President, it is especially the President of the  United States--the person who leads our Nation--who should be a  unifying force, not one who incites violence; therefore, I object.    Mr. President, parliamentary inquiry. Is this line not  in direct violation of rule XIX?    Mr. President, further parliamentary inquiry. There is  not a question of mob violence. The question is that imputing to  Members who did not agree with the framework and language of this  resolution that they are supporting mob violence--that must be in  violation of rule XIX if this is going to be a deliberative body.    Mr. President, we have learned something today. We have  learned that my colleagues are unwilling to call out the President of  the United States when the President of the United States uses language  that incites violence; says that White supremacists in Charleston are  as good as everybody else; retweets a video of White Americans saying  ``White power;'' retweets a video of two individuals with guns pointed  at peaceful protesters; uses the force of the State to clear out  peaceful protesters in Lafayette Park; goes and says, in fact, ``when  the looting starts, the shooting starts.'' That has a historical  context to it, and the ``liberate Virginia. It is under siege,'' and  so, so much more.   So, yes, I look forward to that debate because I have legislation to  deal with the rising tide of White supremacists' actions that, at the  end of the day, have even been recognized by some of our law  enforcement entities as a growing national threat. So I look forward to  having that debate, look forward to having that legislation on the  floor, and we will see how our colleagues act then.   But it is totally unacceptable to cast aspersions that do not equal  those of the person who leads our country, and we should recognize  that. What it shows me is that I guess President Trump is right--he  could shoot someone on Fifth Avenue and get away with it, and certainly  my colleagues here would not hold him responsible.   