 ROE of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3010, the Honoring All  Veterans Act, which is sponsored by my friend, Congresswoman Kathleen  Rice from New York.   This bill would establish a mission statement in the statute for the  Department of Veterans Affairs. That mission statement would read: ``To  fulfill President Lincoln's promise to care for those `who shall have  borne the battle' and for their families, caregivers, and survivors.''   This is in homage to President Lincoln's immortal words in his second  inaugural address, which state, in full: ``With malice toward none;  with charity for all; with firmness in the right, as God gives us to  see the right, let us strive on to finish the work we are in; to bind  up the Nation's wounds; to care for him who shall have borne the  battle, and for his widow, and his orphan,  [[Page H4678]]  to do all which may achieve and cherish a just and lasting peace among  ourselves and with all nations.''   Those words, which were delivered in 1865, remain some of the most  important in our country's history, and they continue to reverberate  even now.   For one, they inspired the creation of the Department of Veterans  Affairs as we know it. That is why VA has been using them as a motto  since 1959. However, in the last several years, veterans service  organizations and others have rightly noted that the use of the male  pronoun in President Lincoln's statement can inadvertently ostracize  the increasing number of women in the military and veteran communities.   Women are the fastest growing cohort of servicemembers and veterans.  They play critical roles in the battlefield and in the VA healthcare  system where their numbers have tripled in the last two decades alone.  VA has made great strides in the last few years with respect to  improving care for women and, as a result, women veterans now express  greater trust in VA than ever before.   Enacting the Honoring All Veterans Act would go one step further in  making VA a more inclusive and welcoming place of care for them and  future generations of veterans, whoever they may be, while preserving  in statute the spirit of President Lincoln's charge to forever honor  and care for those who have served.   The bill would also be more inclusive of many caregivers, survivors,  and family members of veterans who are vitally important sources of  ongoing love and support of veterans in need across the country.   Madam Speaker, I appreciate Congresswoman Rice's leadership on this  bill. I am proud to sponsor it and support it today, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    ROE of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, in closing, I  appreciate the opportunity to be here, and I appreciate Congresswoman  Rice's and the chairman's leadership on this.   It seems to me it is past time to do this. It is the right thing to  do. I encourage my colleagues to support that, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    ROE of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4908, the Native  American Veteran Parity in Access to Care Today Act, or PACT Act.   The care that the Department of Veterans Affairs provides to veterans  for conditions that are related to military service are always provided  at no cost to the veteran. Veterans being cared for by VA for  conditions that are unrelated to their military service may be charged  a copayment to offset the cost of care and encourage appropriate use of  the VA healthcare system.   According to the Government Accountability Office and the National  Council of American Indians, approximately one-third of American Indian  and Alaska Native veterans were charged copayments from VA in fiscal  year 2017. Those copayments averaged just under $300 per veteran.   However, almost a century ago, Congress passed the Snyder Act, which  guaranteed healthcare to Native Americans free of charge. In  recognition of that, the Native American PACT Act would prohibit VA  from charging copayments to Native American veterans regardless of  whether the care they receive from the VA is for a service-connected  condition or not.   There is no ethnic group that volunteers to defend the United States  in uniform at a higher rate than Native Americans whose history of  service to this country dates back to the Revolutionary War. This bill  would increase access to care for those brave veterans and create  parity between the care provided to them through the VA, the Centers  for Medicare and Medicaid Services, and the Indian Health Service. It  would also uphold the United States Government's longstanding trust and  treaty responsibilities to the Native American community.   The Native American PACT Act is sponsored by my colleague and fellow  veteran, Congressman Ruben Gallego from Arizona. I am glad to stand  with him in support of its passage today.   Madam Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to support this bill,  and I yield back the balance of my time.    ROE of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such  time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6589, the VA Chief  Financial Officer Authority and Collaboration Act.   Each year, the Department of Veterans Affairs manages to pass its  financial statement audit despite a number of persistent material  weaknesses in what appears to be a stalemate. VA never quite loses its  unqualified audit opinion but never materially improves either. We  should expect more, especially with VA's budget approaching $250  billion and its total liabilities reaching near $3.3 trillion.   Madam Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Susie Lee from Nevada and  General Jack Bergman from Michigan for sponsoring this bill to address  the root cause of the problem, the VA's Chief Financial Officer's lack  of operational authority over the dozens of lower level chief financial  officers throughout VA.   This bill would direct VA to develop a detailed action plan to  resolve material weaknesses and require VA's Chief Financial Officer to  attest to the Department's financial projections and internal controls  in VA's annual budget submission.   It would also strengthen VA's Chief Financial Officer's operational  authority by involving them or their designee in the hiring and  performance evaluations of subordinate chief financial officers.   All of these reforms are consistent with the Chief Financial Officer  Act of 1990.   I support this legislation because it is a carefully crafted solution  to an old problem with escalating consequences.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to support this bill,  and I yield back the balance of my time.    ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3228, the Department of  Veterans Affairs Mission Telehealth Clarification Act.   The VA healthcare system is our country's largest integrated  healthcare system, with responsibility for delivering care to  approximately 7 million veteran patients. The VA healthcare system is  also the country's largest provider of healthcare education, with  responsibility for supporting the training of approximately 45,000  medical and dental residents and thousands more healthcare professional  trainees every year. I happened to be one of them many years ago.   The VA Mission Telehealth Clarification Act would authorize VA  residents and trainees to provide care to veteran patients virtually  using telehealth, regardless of that resident or trainee's State  licensure, so long as they are working under the clinical supervision  of a VA healthcare professional.   While face-to-face visits between patients and providers are  irreplaceable in many respects, telehealth is an increasingly important  tool in the delivery of modern healthcare. That was true even before  the COVID-19 pandemic created a skyrocketing demand for telehealth  services.   In the MISSION Act passed last Congress, we authorized VA providers  to provide telehealth across State lines in an effort to increase  access to telehealth to veteran patients, particularly those in rural  or remote areas or for those whose travel to a medical facility is  otherwise difficult. However, the law inadvertently exempted VA  residents, trainees, and certain others from that authority. This bill  would fix that oversight.   In doing so, it would further expand veteran access to telehealth,  which has been critical to ensuring continuity of care throughout the  last several months. It would also ensure that the medical education VA  provides to the next generation of healthcare professionals includes  valuable training and needed experience in the delivery of care via  telephone, video, and other virtual modalities.   This bill is sponsored by my good friend, Congressman Buddy Carter  from Georgia. I am grateful to him for recognizing early on the  benefits that a well-rounded medical education will have on access and  quality of care for veterans and all Americans and working so hard to  give aspiring providers and others working within the VA the ability to  practice telehealth across State lines, within appropriate parameters.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting  this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.    ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the  gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Carter), my good friend.   I have had the privilege of visiting his beautiful district, and I  really appreciate his work on this extremely important issue.    ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the  balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Carter),  my good friend who serves on the Doctors Caucus with me, for bringing  this important piece of legislation up.   Mr. Speaker, this pandemic actually has done one good thing, and that  is to advance telehealth. Just to give you some scope of this, the VA  went from tens of thousands of mental health visits--and we know that  people have been isolated. Certainly, many of our elderly have been  confined; they can't visit people. They have gone from tens of  thousands of mental health visits per month to hundreds of thousands of  visits. So we are able to stay in touch with patients in need.   I know in my own medical practice in Tennessee, it has been extremely  helpful for patients to access their physicians through telehealth. I  think we are going to continue this, and I think the next Congress is  going to have to address how Medicare and Medicaid funds these  telehealth visits outside the VA, it is that important for care.   If you live in a rural area in rural Appalachia like I do, the only  way we are going to get specialty care for our patients in need--and in  many cases, in our cities--is via telehealth, because these specialists  are so hard to find and there are so few of them. And especially in  cases like neurology and pediatrics, these are very difficult people to  see.   So I really am appreciative of this. I appreciate Dr. Carter bringing  it up, and I certainly thank the chairman for putting this on the  agenda.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to support this, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6092, the Veteran's  Prostate Cancer Treatment and Research Act. This bill is sponsored by  my good friend and ranking member of the Subcommittee on Health,  Congressman Neal Dunn of Florida.   Like me, Dr. Dunn is an Army veteran and a physician. During his many  years in private practice, he helped to found the Advanced Urology  Institute and the Bay Regional Cancer Center, where he specialized in  treating advanced prostate cancer.   Suffice it to say, improving care for prostate cancer is a personal  one for him. It is also a personal one for me.   A few years ago, when I was chairman of the Veterans' Affairs  Committee, I was diagnosed with prostate cancer. Early detection and  effective treatment helped save my life, and I know that it will do the  same for many of my fellow veterans.   Veterans are diagnosed with prostate cancer, as the chairman said, at  twice the rate of the general population, making prostate cancer the  most commonly diagnosed cancer in male veterans. An estimated one in  five male veterans is expected to be diagnosed with prostate cancer in  their lifetime, compared to one in nine American men, generally.   The Veteran's Prostate Cancer Treatment and Research Act would  require the VA to establish a national clinical pathway for prostate  cancer and to update that clinical pathway every year to reflect the  latest and greatest and best practices for, and the medical  understanding of, this deadly disease. It would also require the VA to  establish a comprehensive prostate cancer program and a national  prostate cancer registry.   Together, these provisions would make the VA a national leader with  respect to prostate cancer.   Most importantly, it would give veterans with prostate cancer the  very best chance of making a full recovery and going on to lead long,  healthy lives after their diagnosis.   Mr. Speaker, it is fitting that the House advance this important bill  today in the final week of Prostate Cancer Month. I urge all of my  colleagues to join me in supporting it, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, Dr. Dunn, because of  travel restrictions, couldn't make it to this debate.  [[Page H4684]]    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina  (Mr. Murphy), with whom I serve on the Education and Labor Committee  and the Doctors Caucus.    ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the  balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support this very  important bill. I am surprised, over the years, that the VA hasn't had  an active registry.   I want to thank Dr. Dunn and the other sponsors of this bill. I think  it will help save lives in the VA.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance  of my time.    ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 7795, the Veterans  Benefits  [[Page H4686]]  Fairness and Transparency Act of 2020, which was introduced by my good  friend,   Andy Barr, from Kentucky.   This bill would streamline the process for veterans to submit medical  evidence from their private provider to support their Department of  Veterans Affairs compensation claim.   As you may know, VA has recently resumed certain in-person disability  exams after suspending them at the start of the COVID-19 national  emergency.   During those uncertain times, some veterans may have requested that  their private physician conduct their disability exam in order to avoid  a claims processing delay.   Unfortunately, in April of 2020, VA stopped publishing the disability  benefits questionnaires, or DBQs, on its website. Those forms are used  to ensure that VA receives all the medical information the department  needs to adjudicate the veteran's disability claim.   However, if a veteran's physician does not have access to the  appropriate DBQ, the provider may not include all the medical  information needed to support the veteran's claim. H.R. 7795 would  address this issue by requiring the VA to reinstate the public-facing  DBQs on its website.   As an OB/GYN physician who managed my own private practice for three  decades, I believe that a physician or other healthcare provider who  has had the opportunity to develop a relationship with a veteran  patient over several years is the most qualified to assess the  veteran's disability.   If that provider is willing to perform a disability exam, they should  have the same access to the DBQ that a VA examiner would have. I have  heard VA's concerns about this bill, and I understand the department  would like to improve the process for veterans to develop and obtain  supportive evidence from their private providers.   However, I am not persuaded that the veterans are well-served by  eliminating the public access to DBQs right now. Instead, I believe  veterans should be able to obtain these forms until VA can implement a  better process.   Veterans should not be penalized for seeking out a medical opinion  from their private medical provider, especially when there is a backlog  of over 350,000 pending disability exams caused by the pandemic that VA  must address.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Congressman Barr and Congresswoman  Elaine Luria of Virginia for their leadership on this issue.   And, Mr. Speaker, let me explain how it is. Let's say I am seeing a  patient for a disability in my office, and I have put down exactly what  I think is appropriate, but it is not all the information the VA needs.  I don't know what they need. They need to just send me the form so I  will know what to fill out so they will have adequate information.   So in your office, your staff back home are not getting these  complaints about, Well, they turned my claim down because they didn't  have adequate information. This is a simple solution to a simple  problem.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage all Members to support H.R. 7795, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Barr), my good friend and fellow member of  the Veterans' Affairs Committee.    ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, this is a commonsense solution to a problem that  shouldn't have occurred in the first place. And I think that it is--I  appreciate both Congresswoman Luria and Congressman Barr for their  leadership on this. I encourage my colleagues to support this.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   