 I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum  call be rescinded.    Madam President, the bill before us today, the Great  American Outdoors Act, is landmark legislation. It would fulfill a  longstanding promise to the American people to fully fund the Land and  Water Conservation Fund.   This measure will also make a downpayment on deferred maintenance  plans of our Nation's beloved public lands, which includes over 400  national parks. It also includes more than 500 national wildlife  refuges that are under the jurisdiction of the Senate Environment and  Public Works Committee on which I serve as ranking member.   While I am proud to support the Great American Outdoors Act, we would  be remiss if we did not put the Senate's consideration of this  legislation in the context of everything else that is happening in our  country today. As we have learned in the 15 days since the death of  George Floyd, we also have other longstanding promises to fulfill. Let  me mention four of them. The first is a promise of an end to racial  violence in this country and a new beginning in the pursuit of racial  justice. The second would be the promise of equality. The third would  be the promise of a more perfect Union called for in our Constitution's  preamble. The fourth, and last, would be the promise of a dream  articulated nearly 57 years ago on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial,  not far from where we are gathered here today, by the late Martin  Luther King.   Our national and State parks have always been places that bring  people from all backgrounds together. Our national historic sites and  monuments commemorate the events that have forged and tested us as a  nation, as well as the sacrifices that we have made in our quest to  become that more perfect Union.   They are also places from which people have called on their  government, our government, for change and for equality. Yes, our  national parks have served as places of protest, protected under the  Constitution that Delaware was the first State to ratify on December 7,  1787. In fact, Delaware's national park, one of the newest in the  Nation, was created, in large part, to celebrate that history.   The recent murders of George Floyd in Minneapolis and Breonna Taylor  in Louisville have sparked, as we know, widespread civil unrest. From  coast to coast, millions of Americans have come together to protest the  deaths of unarmed Black Americans and to call for change, to call for  justice, and to call for racial equality. In Washington, DC, some of  those demonstrations have taken place in our National Park System.   Lafayette Square, the site of gassing and the troubling use of crowd  dispersion devices last week in response to a peaceful demonstration,  has seen its share of protests and turmoil. In its history, before the  marble monuments  [[Page S2776]]  it now contains, the square served as a slave market, and it housed  troops during the War of 1812 when the White House and the U.S.  Capitol--this Capitol--were burned.   Today, and nearly every day, people are gathered in Lafayette Square  in front of the White House, calling for action, as we debate the bill  before us. But in January and February of 1917, women staged 2 months  of protests out of a row house located on Lafayette Square in the  pursuit of women's suffrage--the right to vote, one of our most sacred  privileges.   Other national park sites in Washington have been front and center of  the calls for racial justice in the last several days: the National  Mall, the Lincoln Memorial, and one of our newest national historic  sites, the memorial to Martin Luther King, who taught our country about  the power of peaceful protests.   These places inspire us. They allow our voices to be heard, but they  also give us strength; they give us solace; and they give us the  opportunity to heal. The bill before us today helps us to ensure that  our public lands remain places where we can remember, where we can  reflect, and we can recharge.   Sometimes when I speak on the Senate floor, I share anecdotes from my  morning runs. A number of them over the years have been on the National  Mall as I run from the Capitol to the Lincoln Memorial and then past  the Vietnam Veterans Memorial, etched with the names of over 58,000 men  and women with whom I served in Southeast Asia. No matter how tired I  might be when I get up in the morning, when I begin those runs, as I  pass and pause at each of these places, I feel inspired, I feel  rejuvenated, and I feel more determined than ever to take up our work  in service to the American people who sent us here.   Interestingly, I have heard a similar sentiment from the hundreds of  Delawareans who have asked me to support this legislation before us  today. Many of our parks provide visitors a place to reflect, to  reconnect, and to enjoy the beauties of nature. That is, in no small  part, because of the Land and Water Conservation Fund.   Many of our colleagues know that Delaware has a proud history as the  First State--the First State National Historical Park, which we worked  for a decade to create not long ago, tells the story of the role  Delaware played in the establishment of our country. Our national park  is unique, with historical sites in all three of Delaware's counties  that connect our communities, much like our State parks do   What you may not know, though, is that the first land acquisition  through the State side of the Land and Water Conservation Program in  this country occurred in Delaware. Brandywine Creek State Park, located  just north of Wilmington, DE--my hometown--was established in 1965. At  the time of this monumental acquisition, there was not much of a State  park system in Delaware and certainly not in New Castle County, our  northernmost county.   Since that time, the Land and Water Conservation Fund has enabled the  purchase and development of many additional State parks that are crown  jewels in all three counties of the First State. I will mention a few  of them: White Clay Creek, Cape Henlopen, Fox Point, Bellevue, Killens  Pond, and many more.   For us in Delaware, these spaces are places of community. People from  all walks of life come to these parks for many different reasons. Some  come to fish, others to bike, others to hike, play sports, fly kites,  swim, go birding, learn, enjoy picnics, and enjoy concerts. Those are  just some of the reasons why people come to our national parks--not  just from Delaware, not just from America but from all over the world.   Some of the parks I have just mentioned might exist without the Land  and Water Conservation Fund, but without it, they would not be the  community cornerstones that they are today. When a park is revitalized,  it can become the nerve center of a community and create new  opportunities to bring us together. In many cases, we have seen just  that happen in our State. For example, Bellevue State Park--located not  far from our home--has been home to a community garden program for  decades, providing a place for families like my own when our sons were  young who may not have a lot of land on which to grow their own fruits  and vegetables.   In 2017, just 3 years ago, the city of Wilmington was awarded an LWCF  grant to improve Father Tucker Park, which had been in disrepair for  decades. The park is vital for play, for cultural gatherings, and  sports activities. It is now a valuable hub of that community.   Further, the Land and Water Conservation Fund enabled the first  public pool in Kent County at the Killens Pond State Park, 10 miles  south of Dover. It is now the Killens Pond Water Park, and it has grown  quite popular with residents from across Kent County and well beyond  Kent County's borders.   This legislation also helps us to bring economic activity to our  communities, something that people might not think of at first blush.  In Delaware, the Land and Water Conservation Fund has enabled an  incredible network of greenways and trails that connect community  facilities and institutions with businesses. People come from all over  the country to ride, to run, and to walk on them.   Basic investment in preservation of land and investment in paths and  trails is a tangible community building enterprise. People can get on  their bicycle in downtown Wilmington, ride through the city and out  into the suburbs and to the Delaware River in Fox Point State Park,  just 3 miles from our home. I might add, there is another one, too,  from the train station where I caught the train this morning to come  down here. There is the Jack Markell Trail that links the riverfront in  Wilmington, DE, to New Castle, DE, where Ben Franklin first landed and  brought with him the deeds to Delaware and Pennsylvania. Those paths  that I just mentioned expand horizons; they connect people to each  other; and they create common ground in our communities.   The Delaware State Parks Youth Conservation Corps even provides jobs  and environmental restoration opportunities throughout our parks for  young people from all backgrounds.   What is more, our Delaware State parks offer free summer concerts.  These concert series attract different generations and diverse  audiences. While the 2020 summer concert series was, unfortunately,  canceled due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, Delaware State parks  have remained open, and, get this, our State has waived entrance fees.   As it became clear that physical location was key to preventing the  spread of the novel coronavirus, Delawareans, especially those in urban  areas, sought solitude in our parks. For many, connecting with nature  was critical for mental wellness, and, now, making that connection has  grown more popular than ever. One example of that is Brandywine Creek  State Park. Located just a few miles south of our border with  Pennsylvania, it has seen record visitation this year.   As I mentioned earlier in my remarks, I have heard from hundreds of  constituents in support of the Great American Outdoors Act. Many of  them have shared stories about their treasured moments in State and  national parks, particularly during troubled times.   I want to close my remarks today by sharing one of those stories from  a friend, as it turns out, the executive director of Delaware Wild  Lands, and her name is Kate Hackett. About a year and a half ago, Kate,  along with her family and another family, traveled to a place called  Big Bend National Park in the State of Texas. This park is on the U.S.- Mexican border, as some of you know. These two families were distressed  by what was happening along our borders and wanted to visit border  towns to experience their humanity themselves.   As the two families hiked along the Rio Grande River, Kate's friend  sang her favorite lullaby, not in English but in Spanish. Her song  echoed in the canyon. When she paused, an unknown voice from across the  border emerged with the next verse of the same song. These two  strangers--divided by the depths of a canyon--alternated verses,  savoring a shared experience, regardless of borders, regardless of  race, regardless of languages.   I was moved at the time to hear how Kate was able to use her family's  outdoor experience that day. I am still  [[Page S2777]]  moved today to hear about how that day taught her children a lesson in  compassion, a lesson in humanity, and a lesson in acceptance of us all.   As the soul of our Nation continues to be tested, I hope the  legislation before us--the Great American Outdoors Act--might somehow  provide similar opportunities for others. In fact, I challenge all of  us to make sure that it does just that.   Most importantly, I also sincerely hope we will soon fulfill at least  two other longstanding promises--for equality and justice--that are  critical for the future of this country and our democracy. Our public  lands can be part of a greater, multifaceted solution that brings  equity and opportunity to all of our committees from sea to shining  sea.   In the midst of all the turmoil we face in America today lies  opportunity. It is our job to find that opportunity and to work  together to move this country, which we love and revere, as imperfect  as we are, forward. That is our challenge, and that is our opportunity   I don't know a lot of Latin, but I do know two words, maybe a few  more. My two favorites are these: Carpe diem, seize the day. This week  we have the opportunity on this floor to seize the day. Right over your  head where you are sitting are some other Latin words: e pluribus  unum--from many, one. That is what this country is all about. I think  this legislation--maybe not something we would have thought of--can  actually help make those words not just Latin words carved in stone but  a reality.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   