 Madam President, reserving the right to object.   You know, someone watching this at home might think that Senate  Democrats want to actually enact amnesty for the so-called DACA  recipients. Of course, they could have done so earlier.   President Trump offered Senate Democrats a deal that would have  granted permanent amnesty for all the DACA recipients, and the  Democrats turned it down. They didn't want the deal. They hoped,  instead, to have an issue in November.   You know, we are right now in a time of crisis in our country. We  have a global pandemic, and we have 44 million Americans out of work.  This is, on the economic side, the greatest crisis our country has seen  since the Great Depression.   Yet what we are seeing in the Senate is a continuation of something  we have seen for several years, which is that today's Democratic Party  doesn't value working men and women--American working men and women.   Last week, we saw a decision from the Supreme Court of the United  States on amnesty. It was a particularly disgraceful opinion.  Unfortunately, it was authored by Chief Justice Roberts; it was joined  by the four liberals; and it concerned President Obama's illegal  amnesty.   DACA, when it was issued, was illegal. Actually, for years, President  Obama admitted that. When activists asked him: Will you decree amnesty  unilaterally, as an executive, he told them over and over again: I  can't do that. I am bound by Federal immigration laws. I am not a King.  I am not an Emperor. That is what President Obama said repeatedly.   But then as the election approached, I guess they reassessed and  decided that being a King or Emperor sounded pretty good, and so DACA,  the day it was issued, was directly contrary to law.  [[Page S4088]]    Federal immigration law says in the statute books that if you are  here illegally, it is illegal for you to stay, to get work permits, and  the Obama administration ignored Federal immigration law and simply  printed what were called work authorizations.   My friend from Illinois has a picture of a lovely young lady whom he  has spoken about.   What he doesn't have a picture of is what happened after Executive  amnesty was granted for those who came illegally as kids, which is that  the number of unaccompanied children skyrocketed.   In the State of Texas I have been down to the border many, many  times. I have visited with the Border Patrol many, many times. You  know, when you go online, you see cages with children in them. What  many of the people online don't tell you is that it was the Barack  Obama administration that built those cages, and it was Executive  amnesty that resulted in tens of thousands of little boys and little  girls being sent alone with violent drug traffickers, with coyotes. Far  too many of those kids were physically assaulted and sexually  assaulted. You are not helping children by incentivizing little boys  and little girls being in the hands of violent traffickers. That is not  humane. I have seen child after child after child abused by this  system, and every time the Democrats offer more amnesty, the  predictable result is that more children are going to be physically and  sexually assaulted. Amnesty is wrong.   It is also the wrong priority of today's Democratic Party. Their  priority is on people here illegally and not on American workers, not  on keeping American workers safe.   What we should be doing--and in just a moment, I am going to ask  unanimous consent for this body to take up and pass Kate's Law. I am  the author of Kate's Law in the Senate. Kate's Law is named for Kate  Steinle, a beautiful young woman in California who was murdered on a  California pier by an illegal immigrant who had come into this country  illegally over and over and over again. He had multiple violent  criminal convictions over and over and over again, but our revolving- door system kept letting him out.   As Kate Steinle died on that California pier, her father held his  daughter in his arms, and her last words were ``Daddy, please help  me.''   I have had the opportunity to visit with Kate Steinle's family. What  happened to her was wrong. It shouldn't happen, and the reason it  happens is that our broken system keeps letting go violent criminal  illegal aliens. What does Kate's Law provide? Commonsense legislation  that says aggravated felons--people with serious felony convictions-- who repeatedly enter the country illegally face a mandatory minimum  prison sentence; in other words, we are not going to let them out and  allow them out to commit murders, rapes, and assaults. We are not going  to let them out to abuse and threaten children.   Kate's Law is overwhelmingly bipartisan common sense. If you go into  the great State of Illinois and ask the voters of Illinois ``Does  Kate's Law make sense?'' overwhelmingly, they say yes. That is true in  every State in the country.   By the way, it is true of voters who aren't just Republicans. It is  true of Democrats, and it is true of Independents. It is true of  everyone except the 47 elected Democrats in this Chamber and their  colleagues in the House of Representatives because the reason Kate's  Law is not the law is that every time I have tried to bring it up, the  Democrats have objected to it.   If Kate's Law had been on the books, Kate Steinle would still be  alive because the violent criminal who kept coming in over and over and  over again illegally would have been in jail instead of murdering that  young woman.   Amnesty is wrong. Illegal Executive amnesty is wrong, and we need to  have as our first priority protecting the American workers and keeping  the American people safe.   I object.    Yes.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of Kate's Law, which is at the  desk.   I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time  and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and  laid upon the table.   