 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, Senator Alexander is here. Senator Murray  will be joining us in a moment. They are the chair and ranking member  of the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, which has  jurisdiction over this very important issue of sick leave with sick  pay. Many companies do that in this country. We are the only wealthy  country in the world that doesn't have a real policy. As Senator  Alexander says, we do this for Federal employees. It should be for more  than those of us who are Federal employees.   Today, we need to get help to the people who need it now: parents  whose children's schools are closed; people who aren't getting paid;  people who have trouble making rent or making their mortgage payments  or their student loan payments. Paid sick days are one of the most  important ways we do that. That is why we need to pass this bill today.   Think about restaurant workers preparing our food. Think about what  you do if your child's school closes down for a week. For so many  people, taking a sick day means going without pay and potentially  losing their jobs. Put yourself in their position. It is hard for us to  do--we are lucky enough and privileged enough to have these jobs--and  for most of our staff also. But think about a worker making $12 an  hour. That worker has symptoms. She is the only working person in her  family. She might think her illness is the coronavirus; nonetheless,  her illness is debilitating enough that it is hard for her to go to  work. She is making $12 an hour. She stays home and loses $100 that  day. She has a $700-a-month rent payment or possibly lower than that if  she is making $12 an hour. She has to make a decision: Do I go to work  and potentially infect others but get my pay and maybe make myself  sicker, or do I stay home to get well and give up that $100?   Then you think about some of those other workers. Someone might be a  restaurant worker preparing our food. What do you do if your child's  school closes down for a week, as schools--already Ohio State, Kent  State, Case Western, and Baldwin Wallace have shut their doors. They  have not really shut their doors; they are doing learning by distance,  tele-learning. It means a number of people at those schools are in a  very different situation with their employment.   Taking a sick day means going without pay. Taking a sick day may mean  losing your job. It hurts everyone. If you are lucky enough to have  paid time off--everybody is at risk when more people are out and about  when they are sick.   Our office gets calls from workers all the time. Senator Alexander  has Tennesseans calling him. Senator Murray has Washingtonians calling  her, asking: What do I do if I come down with something? I have to  choose between going to work while I am sick or losing a paycheck or  losing my job.   Because of our policy, we have put people in that situation or they  are in that situation, and we have an obligation now to do something  about it. It is unacceptable that millions of Americans are faced with  that impossible choice.   That choice gets worse. I don't know how many people are faced with  that choice today. We know it is millions. Tomorrow, it will be 1.2  times that, and the next day, it may be half again. We know this is  getting worse before it gets better.   I am not an alarmist. I think we have some of the best health  officials in the world. We have public health professionals who I  think--the Governor of Ohio, a Republican, Mike DeWine, and I have  talked a couple of times extensively. People in Ohio are doing this  right.   We don't always get the leadership out of the White House we would  like when we see the President saying something that is almost the  opposite of our public health professionals. I tend to listen to the  public health professionals. I know Senator Alexander does too. I would  be hopeful that the President does.   We know this impossible choice is getting more and more serious. Some  corporations do the right thing, but  [[Page S1681]]  many are not doing the right thing. Some are promising they are going  to do the right thing, but promises are not enough. We need to pass  this bill now.   Our legislation would require all employers to allow workers to  accrue 7 days of paid sick leave, and the bill would also provide an  additional 14 days that would be available immediately in the event of  any public health emergency like we have right now. This is a public  health emergency. We need to do emergency kind of legislation. This is  an unusual, extraordinary problem. We have to do something  extraordinary here. Passing this bill allowing workers to accrue 7 days  of paid sick leave and providing an additional 14 days available  immediately in the event of any public health emergency is what we need  to do.   Congress can't wait. People are choosing between going to work sick  and missing a paycheck. They are making that choice every day. People  in Memphis and Cleveland and people in Omaha and Dayton are making that  choice every day--do I go to work sick, or do I stay home and miss that  $120 I was going to earn this week?   We need to do this today. We need this bill to prevent the spread of  coronavirus and stop this crisis from getting worse. It is about the  dignity of work. It is about public safety.   I will wait for Senator Murray to make the UC request.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, as I watch up close and from afar Senator  Alexander's and Senator Murray's so often working together on issues  like this, I absolutely believe Senator Alexander when he says it is a  good idea. Yet, as Senator Murray just said, there are all kinds of  costs being imposed on businesses as a result of people who go to work  sick. It is also more expensive for public hospitals and more expensive  as more people get sick and what that means to Medicaid. These costs  are impossible to quantify today with our not having a sick leave  policy. A year from now, we will be able to look back on what the costs  really were, and they will have been overwhelming. A solid, coherent  sick leave policy--something modest like Senator Murray is calling  for--could really make a difference.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I appreciate the comments of my friend from  Texas. I only heard part of them, but I appreciate his interest and  what we need to do to deal with this coronavirus. I hear so often in  this body that it is about the economic issues, which to be sure it is,  as you know in Utah and Senator Cornyn knows. But when I hear the  President's response on what to do--first, I know that people are angry  in Ohio and I think elsewhere that the President has waited so long to  act.    I know people are angry when they find out that the President made  major cuts to the Centers for Disease Control, which the Presiding  Officer knows is the best public health agency probably in the history  of the world, combined with our public health departments at NIH and  the FDA and National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health in  Cincinnati--all of this incredible public health infrastructure safety  net we have built in this country bipartisanly through decades and  decades and decades.   I know people are unhappy when they learn about the President  eliminating the position at the White House of the admiral physician  who ran our effort to always be trying to anticipate a public health  outbreak, a pandemic of sorts. I  [[Page S1687]]  don't know whether or not we are in one. I don't think we know that.   I am not an alarmist or panicky in any way, but I know people realize  we had such a late start on this because of the President's actions  over the last 3 years.   The issue is not to bail out more corporations. The issue is not to  give money to the cruise ship companies, for gosh sakes, which is one  part of the President's rhetoric tweet proposals. The cruise ship  industry is almost exclusively foreign-owned. Why take tax dollars and  shovel them into the cruise industry?   Instead of focusing on large corporations, which is something the  President always does--I understand that is what he comes from, who he  is, and who his supporters are--instead of focusing there, we should be  focusing on individuals, and that means starting with a sick leave  policy and sick days.   Think about how hard it is for all of us in this body--think about  somebody making $12 an hour and living alone or living with a child or  living with a spouse, whoever, making $12 an hour with no benefits and  they get sick. They think, let's see, do I go to work--if I go to work  sick, I may get worse, and I may infect my colleagues and other  employees--or do I stay home and give up that $100 of a $12-an-hour  job? I am paying $700 a month in rent. Can I give up that $100 or $200  or $300 over 2 or 3 days?   There are so many Americans who are sick who wrestle with that  decision every single day. This is an opportunity. Senator Murray  worked on a bill. I worked on this bill with her for a good while. I  just spoke with Congresswoman DeLauro from Connecticut about working on  legislation to provide emergency relief right now. We can do this  today. I know the Presiding Officer has been open-minded about things  like this. We can make this bipartisan. We can have immediate 14-day  help as part of our package that we already voted on and then have a  long-term, 7-day sick day policy where you earn those benefits. As you  work, you earn that--up to 7-day sick day policy. Every other  industrialized, wealthy country in the world has it. It makes safer,  healthier workplaces and safer, healthier workers. It will mean good  help and stronger families--all the kinds of things a sick day policy  would mean to our country.   I am hopeful that rather than shovel money to corporations, we will  spend that money on individuals, on people, on workers and their  workplace. It could make all the difference in the world, not just in  addressing this coronavirus public health crisis today but in  preventing these kinds of crises in the future.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   