 Mr. President, I rise this afternoon in full, complete,  and all-inspired support for the nomination of Judge Amy Coney Barrett  to be an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court.   Her qualifications are not in dispute and have been mentioned  repeatedly on the floor and in other public forums.   I have had a chance as a Member of the Senate to vote on four  Associate Justices of the Supreme Court: Kagan, Sotomayor, Gorsuch, and  Kavanaugh. I was a Member of the House of Representatives down the hall  here during the confirmations of Justices Alito and Roberts, and I was  old enough to pay close attention to the confirmations of Justices  Breyer and Thomas. I can say to my colleagues today, I have never  witnessed a more impressive display of poise, knowledge, and  temperament in a candidate for the Supreme Court than I have witnessed  during the confirmation process of this particular candidate. I think  that is why, perhaps, there was objection to the process.   No doubt there was objection to the process in the timing of this  nomination and this confirmation among a lot of people around the  United States, but as the confirmation wore on and as more and more  people came to know Judge Amy Coney Barrett--the student, the parent,  the member of her community--and as more and more people have seen her  and listened to her, public opinion has moved in her favor to now where  a majority of Americans support the elevation and confirmation of Amy  Coney Barrett to the Supreme Court. I certainly am delighted to see  that and am not surprised based upon the absolutely phenomenal way she  has conducted herself.   I think it is worth noting that she is from Middle America. While all  of our 50 States are great and all of our law schools undoubtedly have  things to recommend them, I kind of like that she grew up in my  neighboring State of Louisiana. I kind of like that she graduated with  stellar marks from a very impressive college in my neighboring State of  Tennessee, at Rhodes College in Memphis, TN, just an hour and a half up  the road from where I make my home.   I think Harvard is a great law school. I think Yale is a great law  school. I think it is OK that we have now a prospective Justice of the  Supreme Court who went someplace else: Notre Dame.   So, to me, she represents Middle American values, and there is  something to be said for that on the highest Court of the land-- Louisiana values, Tennessee values, Indiana values.   I think she is an inspiration to young women across this country. I  have two daughters. They have become professional successes in their  own right. I have five granddaughters. The oldest one is 10. I think  Justice Amy Coney Barrett will prove to be an inspiration to these five  granddaughters and to my grown daughters also.   There is much talk about predicting how this Justice or how any  candidate for the circuit court or the district court will rule. I have  seen enough examples during my lifetime of surprises that I would not  venture to guess how Justice Amy Coney Barrett is going to rule on a  particular issue. I do think she is committed to interpreting the law  and to applying the law as it is written in the Constitution, as we  write it as legislators, and not adjusting the law, manipulating it to  suit her rule, but I have no idea how she will rule.   I do know this, and this is what makes me so comfortable with  elevating her to one of these nine special positions as an Associate  Justice of the Supreme Court. I know that she is devoted to the  philosophy of Justice Antonin Scalia.   If Justice Scalia ever made a profound point about our law and our  system of the rule of law and our Constitution, it was this: We are a  special republic and a special democracy because we have enshrined in  our Constitution the separation of powers. The President has his powers  to enforce the law. The Congress has the power of the purse, and we  write the statutes, and the Supreme Court rules on the  constitutionality and the validity of our actions.   Scalia made this point over and over, and it was always such a  wonderful experience to hear him lecture. But if he ever made a point,  it was this: Any dictator around the world can write down on a piece of  paper a bill of rights, and around the country, in dictatorships and  totalitarian systems, there are many bills of rights.   The way we ensure that Bill of Rights is enforced is that we don't  give any one part of our government too much power. We don't give any  one man or any one institution or any one Agency in this Federal  Government too much power. Those are the checks and balances that  Antonin Scalia said made the United States special. I think Amy Coney  Barrett understands that, and I think she will enforce that concept and  be true to those tenets as the next Associate Justice of the Supreme  Court.   So I couldn't be more delighted, I couldn't be more enthusiastic, I  could not be any more awe-inspired with a candidate for the Supreme  Court, and I will, with great honor and privilege, vote in favor of her  confirmation.   