 I would like to thank Leader Schumer and the ranking  member of the Finance Committee, Senator Wyden, for bringing this  commonsense proposal to the floor.   I have long advocated for the idea that we should tie benefits to the  conditions of the economy rather than simply politically convenient  dates or inconvenient dates that don't matter, don't make any sense to  working people in our country, and create idiotic fights here that  don't help the people we all have been sent here, in theory at least,  to serve.   Right now, we are facing an unprecedented set of conditions in our  country. We are being racked by an economic downturn. It is different  from any that we have ever seen before and at the same time, we are  facing this incredible health crisis. One in six workers in this  country is unemployed. One in six workers is unemployed today.   But for once, thankfully, we were able to come together in a  bipartisan way in March and pass the CARES Act, which is benefitting  these workers in two ways.   First, we expanded unemployment benefits to cover almost 10 million  self-employed workers, gig workers, and others who are usually left  behind in circumstances like this. That is something we should have  changed a long time ago, but we finally got it done, and we did it in a  bipartisan way.   Second, as Leader Schumer and Senator Wyden said, we added $600 per  week to normal unemployment benefits for all 30 million workers  claiming benefits. That $600 weekly benefit has prevented a level of  severe hardship that is almost impossible to describe. It has paid rent  and prevented evictions. It has kept food on the table so families  don't go hungry. It has kept the lights on and paid for the internet so  our kids can learn. The bottom line is that the $600 weekly payment has  been an essential lifeline to families in the middle of the worst  economic crisis since the Great Depression.   In Colorado alone, over 450,000 workers are receiving the expanded  benefit, and it has put a total of nearly $2.5 billion into our  economy. Nationwide, the numbers are staggering. One analysis showed  that these additional payments help keep 12 million Americans out of  poverty and keep poverty rates from rising. Without these payments,  wages across the entire economy would have declined by 10 percent from  February to May. We completely offset that decline.   You know what that means is that working people actually were able to  continue to buy things in this economy. The leader might be interested  to know that I was talking to an economist recently, Raj Chetty, from  Harvard, who has done a study, including other places, of New York.  That study shows that the biggest loss in terms of consumer spending  has come from the wealthiest areas in New York. That resulted in the  biggest unemployment.   In other words, if you have a small business in a wealthy area in New  York, your small business is cratering because wealthy people aren't  spending money on services because they are scared of getting COVID.   In other parts of New York, there has been much less destabilization,  and that is because of these unemployment benefits--directly because of  these unemployment benefits--because where the unemployment rate has  gone up, people's incomes have been able to be stable.   I am the first to say that not everything we have done with the CARES  Act has been perfect. As we know, the CARES Act left out too many  families, and too many States have been too slow to get these benefits  out. That is the result of delivering benefits through 50 different  systems that have been underfunded and undermined for 50 years. But  once they have gotten out, these benefits have made a transformational  difference. Everyone in the Senate should be proud of that.   I come out here all the time and complain how terrible this place is.  I was amazed to hear the majority leader this morning talk about the  ``incompetence'' of local officials. There is no body in the world more  incompetent than this Senate. But here is a moment when we can actually  be proud of something that we did here. Even President Trump has been  running campaign ads touting these benefits. Even as he is running  these ads--which, as Senator Wyden said, he is running because this  unemployment benefit is popular--he is threatening the take away the  benefit by allowing the $600 to sunset at the end of July. That would  be a profound mistake.   Right now, even with these enhanced benefits in place, 17 percent of  American families can't cover 3 months of basic expenses. Without the  extra benefits, that number wouldn't be 17 percent. It would be 43  percent, almost half of the families in our country. Today, nearly 10  percent of Americans can't make the rent. Without the extra benefits,  that number would double or triple.   If we let these benefits expire, we are going to throw tens of  millions of Americans who rely on them into a profound financial  crisis. We will be cutting their monthly income by $2,400. If we go       over that cliff and completely cut off benefits, not only       will it cut incomes by 50 percent or 60 percent or 70       percent for literally millions of Americans who can't go       back to work, but it will cause extreme damage to the       economy.   Nothing has kept our economy afloat more than this investment in  unemployment. Allowing these benefits to expire would remove $50  billion a month from the economy, reducing the GDP by 2.5 percent in  the second half of this year. That would lead to 2 million jobs lost  and a significant increase in the unemployment rate. So we would be  right back here again. We shouldn't be doing that, at this point, with  this very fragile economy and when COVID-19 is spreading in far too  many places.   Some of the industries are facing extreme crises in my State as well  as across the country. Hotels are projected to suffer revenue losses of  almost 60 percent in 2020. Between March and May 2020, total restaurant  sales were down more than $94 billion from expected levels, and 90  percent of independent concert venues are at risk of permanently  closing down in a few months without receiving additional relief. We  can't tell people who are working in all of these industries--when  there is no way these businesses will even be close to being 100  percent in the near future--that they are just on their own.   That is why we need to pass an expanded unemployment benefit that  continues after July. We should tie that expanded benefit to the  unemployment rate, as Senator Schumer and Senator Wyden have designed,  so that it steps the benefit down as the economy heals. That makes  sense. Nobody here wants to be in a place at which the unemployment  benefit disincentivizes people from working, which is why they step it  down, but it needs to stay in place until this economy heals.   It is the wrong approach for the country and for the working people  in this country to send them over the cliff right now, and it will be  the wrong approach to send them over the cliff in 6 months or even in 2  years if the unemployment rate is still elevated. We need to extend  expanded unemployment benefits, and we need to do it until the economy  recovers. It is the right thing for the workers and families who are  wondering how they are going to get through one of the most difficult  challenges of their lives. It is the right thing to do for the broader  economy in order for it to come back as strongly as it can as we work  toward a vaccine.   I thank my colleagues again for their tremendous leadership. I hope  that we will be able to work on this in a bipartisan way, as we did  before, and that we will be able to pass these extensions for the  American people.    I would like to thank Leader Schumer and the ranking  member of the Finance Committee, Senator Wyden, for bringing this  commonsense proposal to the floor.   I have long advocated for the idea that we should tie benefits to the  conditions of the economy rather than simply politically convenient  dates or inconvenient dates that don't matter, don't make any sense to  working people in our country, and create idiotic fights here that  don't help the people we all have been sent here, in theory at least,  to serve.   Right now, we are facing an unprecedented set of conditions in our  country. We are being racked by an economic downturn. It is different  from any that we have ever seen before and at the same time, we are  facing this incredible health crisis. One in six workers in this  country is unemployed. One in six workers is unemployed today.   But for once, thankfully, we were able to come together in a  bipartisan way in March and pass the CARES Act, which is benefitting  these workers in two ways.   First, we expanded unemployment benefits to cover almost 10 million  self-employed workers, gig workers, and others who are usually left  behind in circumstances like this. That is something we should have  changed a long time ago, but we finally got it done, and we did it in a  bipartisan way.   Second, as Leader Schumer and Senator Wyden said, we added $600 per  week to normal unemployment benefits for all 30 million workers  claiming benefits. That $600 weekly benefit has prevented a level of  severe hardship that is almost impossible to describe. It has paid rent  and prevented evictions. It has kept food on the table so families  don't go hungry. It has kept the lights on and paid for the internet so  our kids can learn. The bottom line is that the $600 weekly payment has  been an essential lifeline to families in the middle of the worst  economic crisis since the Great Depression.   In Colorado alone, over 450,000 workers are receiving the expanded  benefit, and it has put a total of nearly $2.5 billion into our  economy. Nationwide, the numbers are staggering. One analysis showed  that these additional payments help keep 12 million Americans out of  poverty and keep poverty rates from rising. Without these payments,  wages across the entire economy would have declined by 10 percent from  February to May. We completely offset that decline.   You know what that means is that working people actually were able to  continue to buy things in this economy. The leader might be interested  to know that I was talking to an economist recently, Raj Chetty, from  Harvard, who has done a study, including other places, of New York.  That study shows that the biggest loss in terms of consumer spending  has come from the wealthiest areas in New York. That resulted in the  biggest unemployment.   In other words, if you have a small business in a wealthy area in New  York, your small business is cratering because wealthy people aren't  spending money on services because they are scared of getting COVID.   In other parts of New York, there has been much less destabilization,  and that is because of these unemployment benefits--directly because of  these unemployment benefits--because where the unemployment rate has  gone up, people's incomes have been able to be stable.   I am the first to say that not everything we have done with the CARES  Act has been perfect. As we know, the CARES Act left out too many  families, and too many States have been too slow to get these benefits  out. That is the result of delivering benefits through 50 different  systems that have been underfunded and undermined for 50 years. But  once they have gotten out, these benefits have made a transformational  difference. Everyone in the Senate should be proud of that.   I come out here all the time and complain how terrible this place is.  I was amazed to hear the majority leader this morning talk about the  ``incompetence'' of local officials. There is no body in the world more  incompetent than this Senate. But here is a moment when we can actually  be proud of something that we did here. Even President Trump has been  running campaign ads touting these benefits. Even as he is running  these ads--which, as Senator Wyden said, he is running because this  unemployment benefit is popular--he is threatening the take away the  benefit by allowing the $600 to sunset at the end of July. That would  be a profound mistake.   Right now, even with these enhanced benefits in place, 17 percent of  American families can't cover 3 months of basic expenses. Without the  extra benefits, that number wouldn't be 17 percent. It would be 43  percent, almost half of the families in our country. Today, nearly 10  percent of Americans can't make the rent. Without the extra benefits,  that number would double or triple.   If we let these benefits expire, we are going to throw tens of  millions of Americans who rely on them into a profound financial  crisis. We will be cutting their monthly income by $2,400. If we go       over that cliff and completely cut off benefits, not only       will it cut incomes by 50 percent or 60 percent or 70       percent for literally millions of Americans who can't go       back to work, but it will cause extreme damage to the       economy.   Nothing has kept our economy afloat more than this investment in  unemployment. Allowing these benefits to expire would remove $50  billion a month from the economy, reducing the GDP by 2.5 percent in  the second half of this year. That would lead to 2 million jobs lost  and a significant increase in the unemployment rate. So we would be  right back here again. We shouldn't be doing that, at this point, with  this very fragile economy and when COVID-19 is spreading in far too  many places.   Some of the industries are facing extreme crises in my State as well  as across the country. Hotels are projected to suffer revenue losses of  almost 60 percent in 2020. Between March and May 2020, total restaurant  sales were down more than $94 billion from expected levels, and 90  percent of independent concert venues are at risk of permanently  closing down in a few months without receiving additional relief. We  can't tell people who are working in all of these industries--when  there is no way these businesses will even be close to being 100  percent in the near future--that they are just on their own.   That is why we need to pass an expanded unemployment benefit that  continues after July. We should tie that expanded benefit to the  unemployment rate, as Senator Schumer and Senator Wyden have designed,  so that it steps the benefit down as the economy heals. That makes  sense. Nobody here wants to be in a place at which the unemployment  benefit disincentivizes people from working, which is why they step it  down, but it needs to stay in place until this economy heals.   It is the wrong approach for the country and for the working people  in this country to send them over the cliff right now, and it will be  the wrong approach to send them over the cliff in 6 months or even in 2  years if the unemployment rate is still elevated. We need to extend  expanded unemployment benefits, and we need to do it until the economy  recovers. It is the right thing for the workers and families who are  wondering how they are going to get through one of the most difficult  challenges of their lives. It is the right thing to do for the broader  economy in order for it to come back as strongly as it can as we work  toward a vaccine.   I thank my colleagues again for their tremendous leadership. I hope  that we will be able to work on this in a bipartisan way, as we did  before, and that we will be able to pass these extensions for the  American people.   