 Mr. President, I want to thank my colleagues from Oregon,  Senator Wyden, for his remarks; Senator Merkley, for his leadership on  the bill; and Senator Baldwin from Wisconsin, for her extraordinary  leadership and service to our country.   It is a great privilege to be here today. My friend Cory Booker from  New Jersey has been fighting for these issues for his whole career. Who  knows, as I know, that anyone who studied the history of our democracy  knows it has always been hard to make progress. This struggle has  always been a battle of our highest ideals and our worst instincts as a  country.   It has been true since our founding, when the same people who wrote  that ``all men are created equal'' also perpetuated human slavery and  denied equality to so many others. In fact, I don't think it is too  much to say that our history is a story of our struggle with that  contradiction between the promise of equality and the reality of  inequality in America--between our highest ideals and our worst  instincts. We struggle with that today.   Since he took office, over and over, President Trump has called on  our worst instincts in almost everything he has done, including his  attacks on access to healthcare, housing, and education for LGBTQ  Americans.   Just last week, he went out of his way to strip transgender Americans  of their access to healthcare, but just as President Trump was  depriving hard-won rights, dragging us backward again, in Colorado, on  the very same day, our State legislature passed a law to make it harder  to wage violence against LGBTQ people in my State.   And listen to this: The vote was 63 to 1 in the Colorado House. It  was 35 to 0 in the Colorado Senate.   Notwithstanding President Trump's anti-civil rights, anti-civil  liberties agenda, in Colorado--a Western State, a purple State-- Republican and Democratic elected officials, in their legislative  season, are fighting for our highest ideals and rejecting our worst  instincts.   In fact, my State passed our version of the Equality Act over a  decade ago. It is why we banned conversion therapy and passed Jude's  Law, which makes it is easier for transgender Americans to change their  name and government documents. It is how we have elected our State's  first openly gay Governor, Jared Polis, and our first transgender State  legislator, Brianna Titone. It is why we were one of the first States  in  [[Page S3081]]  America, I say to my college from New Jersey, to pass real  accountability for police brutality with a bill led by Leslie Herod-- Colorado's first LGBTQ State legislator of color. This week, we passed  that bill 52 to 13 in the House and 32 to 2 in the Senate. It contains  many of the same reforms that Senator Booker and Senator Harris are  leading on here.    So I am here to tell you that there are more and more in Colorado and  in the country who understand what equality has come to mean in America  and how to resolve some of these contradictions in the year 2020, and,  this week, even the U.S. Supreme Court seems to understand it.   Just in the last week, a Republican-appointed Justice rejected Donald  Trump's arguments and wrote for a majority of the Court, affirming  equality for LGBTQ Americans. Then, this morning, the Court overturned  President Trump's malicious attack on Dreamers, reaffirming the rule of  law and, for the moment, protecting three-quarters of a million people  who know no other country but the United States of America.   Now it is time for the Senate to do our work, finally, and pass the  Equality Act. The House passed the Equality Act 13 months ago, and we  have not acted in our typical fashion. That is another 13 months when  LGBTQ Americans could get married on a Sunday and be fired on Monday,  another 13 months when our neighbors could be denied housing, denied  healthcare or be turned out of a store because of who they are.   Americans understand that no good comes from hoarding freedoms and  equality. When we take the opposite view, we act against our  traditions. As a nation, we will never flourish if we choose to depend  on a permanent underclass that is deprived of some or all of the rights  and freedoms others enjoy. Free people do not remain free by denying  freedom to others. We should vote on the Equality Act and pass it  today.   I yield the floor   