 Mr Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 8294, the  National Apprenticeship Act. This bill, while well intentioned, fails  to deliver on the goal of strengthening our registered apprenticeship  system and expanding earn-and-learn opportunities for Americans across  the nation.   Our country's workforce is facing a unique crisis, and we must ensure  that our apprenticeship system is up to the task to meet the needs of  our evolving workforce. For instance, the COVID-19 crisis has  highlighted that connectivity and the digital world are an integral  part of our daily lives. Developing a high-skilled workforce is  critical as we seek to expand technologies like broadband and 5G to  underserved areas across the country, including my district in  Michigan.   Winning the global race to 5G will have a lasting economic benefit to  the United States. In fact, 5G will create 3 million jobs and  contribute $500 billion to the U.S. economy over the next five years.  However, as wireless technology evolves, the workforce needs to evolve  along with it. Unless the U.S. has a large enough and properly trained  workforce, we will not be able to fully reap the economic and  technological benefits of 5G.   Apprenticeships are a proven solution for meeting workforce needs,  especially in wireless technologies. They provide the in-the-field  experience and the necessary classroom instruction to build these  advanced wireless networks. Congress and the Department of Labor should  be laser focused on encouraging and incentivizing apprenticeship for 5G  and advanced wireless deployment. Unfortunately, the bill we are  considering would hinder the flexibility of employers to create earn- and-learn programs to teach job seekers the skills they need to build- out and deploy the 5G and wireless infrastructure America so  desperately needs.   For these reasons I must oppose H.R. 8294 and urge my colleagues to  work on a bipartisan solution that will empower workers and employers  to create apprenticeships that are responsive to our modern economy.   