 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that  notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, the postcloture time on  the Hauptman nomination expire at 11:45 a.m. tomorrow and the Senate  vote on confirmation of the nomination; further, that if cloture is  invoked on the Davis nomination, the Senate then vote on the motion to  invoke cloture on the Waller nomination. I further ask that the  postcloture time with respect to the Davis nomination expire at 2:05  p.m. tomorrow and the Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination and  that the confirmation vote with respect to the Waller nomination occur  at a time to be determined by the majority leader in consultation with  the Democratic leader on Thursday, December 3; finally, that if any of  the nominations are confirmed, the motions to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified  of the Senate's action.    Mr. President, I am here on the floor today to, once  again, talk about the need for this Senate and this Congress to pass  legislation to deal with the COVID-19 crisis. I think we have to do  this now before the end of the year--certainly, before we leave the  Congress to go back home for the holiday recess.   We just got back from a weeklong recess for Thanksgiving, and all the  Members of this body--all of them--had to have seen what I saw, which  is an up-close look at the crisis that is upon us.   In Ohio, our daily new cases are four times what they were just 1  month ago--four times. I see the numbers every single day, and they are  discouraging.   And it is not just new cases. It is more people hospitalized. It is  more people in the ICU units. It is more people, tragically, who are  counted among the fatalities.   This morning, I tried to call a friend of mine who is in the hospital  in Columbus, OH. He is there because of COVID. And I am just thinking  probably of the people watching tonight, most either have had COVID  themselves or have a friend or a family member who have had COVID.   This friend was unable to talk to me because he had taken a turn for  the worse. His organs were starting to malfunction. He had slipped into  unconsciousness. I was able to speak to his wife. I told her, of  course, that he is in our prayers. But I also told her that he is in my  thoughts as we look at whether we should do something more here at the  Federal level to help with the coronavirus pandemic.   Of course, we should. It has been a long time since we took action.  You really have to go back several months. The last big package was  passed in March, about 9 months ago. It is time for us to act again.   And there is some good news out there. With all of the negative news  about the cases and hospitalizations, ICUs, and, tragically, the  fatalities increasing, the good news is that there is hope on the  horizon, and that is the vaccines.   I have been a big supporter of providing the Federal funding for the  vaccines. And I applaud the administration for the work they have done  on this Operation Warp Speed because I believe that while masks are  critical--and I wear mine, and I hope you are wearing yours--the social  distancing is very helpful; the work that people are doing on the  therapies is really important; and we need more testing, and that is  good to know where we stand, but nothing can take the place of these  vaccines.   Think about the other diseases we have tackled with vaccines--measles  and small pox and polio. My dad had polio as a kid. It was fairly  common. Today, we don't even think about it.   These vaccinations, if they work well, can be amazing. And guess what  we learned over the past several weeks. We learned that the early  results from some of these vaccines, including the early data we have  from the Moderna and the Pfizer candidates are incredibly effective. We  are talking over 90 percent efficacy or effectiveness.   I am participating in one of the trials. It is the Janssen-Johnson &  Johnson trial. That vaccine shows promise also. I joined the trial, by  the way, for a few reasons: One, because I really want to understand  better how this system is working, and I had received a briefing from a  company that manages trials around the world, and they indicated to me  that they were having trouble getting people to sign up. So another  reason I entered was because I asked them: If I sign up, will that  help? They said: If you are willing to go public, yes. So I did, and I  am.  [[Page S7129]]    But I also joined the trial because I am concerned about the numbers  I see about people's concerns about the safety and effectiveness of  these vaccines--because, I know, through Operation Warp Speed, that the  science is calling the shots; that these scientists, the best in the  world here in America, are working around the clock to get these  vaccines out as quickly as possible, and we have to be sure people  actually use them, that people are willing to get vaccinated.   When I joined the trial only a few weeks ago--several weeks ago,  maybe 4 or 5 weeks ago. This is before the election--Gallup had  recently come out with a survey which said that only 50 percent of  Americans were willing to be vaccinated. That is not good.   Again, this is a vaccine that is very effective. The flu vaccine is  probably about 30 percent effective, and I have friends who say: I am  not going to take the flu vaccine. I took one last year, and I got the  flu anyway. Well, that is because it is about 30 percent effective, on  average.   That is not true with these vaccines. From the early indications,  again, 90, 95 percent, 94 percent effectiveness or efficacy.   So I urge people to do their own research, to look at what the  scientists are saying, look at what Dr. Fauci is saying, look at what  those who are the professionals are saying. They are saying that  corners are not being cut here. In fact, it is going quickly, but they  are being more careful than ever to get this emergency use  authorization, which is what the Pfizer and the Moderna vaccine  candidates are trying to get right now. They actually have to go  through more hoops than normal. So my hope is that this willingness to  be vaccinated changes.   By the way, there was another Gallup poll 2 weeks ago, and it didn't  show 50 percent, it showed 58 percent are willing to be vaccinated.  That is good. That is progress. I think that is because we are beyond  the election, and the irresponsible people who were saying publicly:  Gosh. I don't know if I trust this because it was during the Trump  administration, if they were Democrats, perhaps, have stopped saying  it. I hope they have because this is not something that is political.  We should never politicize this. This is about saving lives. It is  about getting our economy back on track. It is about dealing with a  virus that has caused so much devastation and dislocation in our  families, in our communities, in our businesses.    So my hope is that everyone will be encouraged to, again, look at it  yourself, do your own research but get yourself and your families  vaccinated because it is going to help you protect you and also protect  the community. It is the only way we are going to get to the kind of  community immunity rather than community spread that all of us hope  for.   Leader McConnell spoke on the floor here yesterday, the Republican  leader, the majority leader. He said that we need a new COVID-19 bill  to continue investing in the distribution system for these vaccines so  we can get them in circulation as soon as possible.   I couldn't agree with him more. That is part of why we need another  COVID-19 bill. We actually need more money for ensuring that we are  going to have these vaccines broadly available with a distribution  system that makes sense, that is fair but also gets this out as quickly  as possible.   You know, this Operation Warp Speed did something extraordinary. It  is a public-private partnership. I think it is very innovative. They  said: The government is going to subsidize your production of these  vaccines, and while you are going through the approval process, which  takes several months, you can go ahead and start producing what you  think is the right vaccine that you are testing, and then, if you get  the approval--boom--the vaccine is ready to go; as compared to getting  the approval and then waiting several more months for the vaccine to be  produced.   That means we are going to probably end up discarding some vaccines  that don't work, that don't get the approval. That is OK because the  benefit is that much sooner we are going to have a vaccine out there  now in record time. Unprecedented. This has never happened in the  history of the world that one has been created so quickly and will be  distributed so quickly.   I expect we are going to have vaccines circulating in our communities  within a few weeks, and I suspect that they will go first to, as the  CDC will determine--and they are meeting next week to talk about this,  as I understand it--but it will probably go first to our healthcare  providers, to the healthcare workers who are on the frontlines. It will  probably go first to people who work in nursing homes because so much  of that problem in our long-term care facilities comes from people  going in and out of the facility. Those people should be vaccinated,  the residents of those long-term care facilities. And I believe our  first responders need help as quickly as possible because we are  putting them in impossible situations. And then the most vulnerable  among us--those who are immunocompromised or have other healthcare  problems that are preexisting, those who are older and out in  concentric circles from that to the point that, by March and April, we  would hope that everybody would have the opportunity to step up and  become vaccinated.   That is something all of us want to see--Republicans and Democrats  alike. A COVID-19 bill passed now will help make that happen. It will  also help us to get over the valley. The valley, to me, is between now,  where we have this surge in the virus that has not abated--in Ohio, I  am told by the experts, including talking to our public health  officials and our Governor, we do not believe that we have peaked. I  don't know about your State, but I believe the same thing is probably  true.   So there is a valley here between now and the March-April timeframe.  During those 4 months, we have to have a bridge, in my view. It is not  forever. It is a bridge between now and March and April, when the  vaccinations are broadly available, and we can have the kind of  community immunity we talked about earlier.   That bridge is going to be extremely important to the people I  represent and the people whom every Member on this floor represents.   We had some earlier successes coming together to pass legislation  around here. When the coronavirus first hit, we were all together. In  fact, the CARES Act that passed in March, 9 months ago, passed  unanimously--not a single negative vote. We got together, actually, for  four or five different bills that were bipartisan, and we were all  together. Then something happened. We started to sort of split apart.   But when we were together, we did some great things. Was every penny  spent exactly right? Probably not because it was a lot of money, but we  saved so many small businesses. I know of them because they are all  over Ohio, and I talk to them.   The PPP program was a great success. Again, did some get it who  shouldn't have? Of course, but, overall, it was extremely successful in  keeping the doors open in these small businesses that otherwise would  have closed and keeping these employees working and connected to work  rather than on the unemployment lines. That was very important.   CARES Act funds also were critical to those who lost their jobs  through no fault of their own. You remember, we had a lot of shutdowns  in the March and April timeframe. People were just out of work for the  first time in their lives. I have friends who lost their jobs for the  first times in their lives, and they had to go to unemployment  insurance. They had never done that before, but it saved them. They  could make their car payments. They could make their rent or pay their  mortgage.   There were other important steps that were taken at that time to be  sure that we didn't have a more devastating impact. I am proud of the  way we came together, but, again, that was 8 or 9 months ago.   And I have been frustrated that that sense of urgency and that  willingness to sort of set aside the partisanship or whatever our  specific concerns were to come together for the good of the country  seems to have dissipated. It, particularly, seemed to disappear as we  got closer and closer to the election. There seemed to be more and more  politics finding its way into the discussion.   Well, the election is over. Republicans here in the Senate have  offered a responsible, targeted bill focused on funding our healthcare  response, supporting our small businesses, making  [[Page S7130]]  our schools safe for students to return to class, helping those  unemployed through no fault of their own. We have actually twice had a  majority of this Senate, in the last month and a half, stand up and  vote for such a bill--a targeted, focused bill on COVID-19 response--52  Senators.   (Thereupon, Mr. SCOTT of Florida assumed the Chair.)   Unfortunately, here in the Senate, that wasn't enough because you  need 60--a supermajority--in order to pass it. So although we had 52  out of 100, we didn't get to 60. Democrats opposed it but didn't offer  an alternative here in the Senate and didn't even allow us to get on  the bill to debate it to come up with alternatives. Instead, they  supported the House-passed bill, which is called the Heroes Act, which  not only is a lot more expensive--the original version was probably  $3.5 trillion, according to the Congressional Budget Office, the most  expensive legislation ever passed by any body of Congress--but also it  included a number of provisions that had nothing to do with the  coronavirus. That was not something that a lot of us could support.  There are immigration law changes, tax breaks for wealthy individuals,  and other provisions unrelated to COVID-19.   My hope is that now, the election behind us, the crisis upon us, the  year-end looming, the vaccines coming online, now we can provide that  bridge on a bipartisan basis. And I am not just hopeful; I am  encouraged. We have made some recent progress towards what I think  could be a good COVID-19 relief package.   This morning, a bipartisan framework was put forward by what is  called the Problem Solvers Caucus, with four Members on the Democratic  side and four Members on the Republican side. Their proposal--we have  all had a chance to look at it now, during the day, and I think it is  the basis for getting something done before the end of the year. I have  been in discussion with those eight Members as recently as this  afternoon. I have been in discussion over the past several weeks with  many colleagues on both sides of the aisle about, how do you come  together on this? And I think what was proposed today by this Problem  Solvers Caucus is a good start. It is not exactly what I would write. I  have some ideas that I think are really good that aren't in there, and  there are some things in there that I wouldn't support. It probably is  not what any individual Senator would write. In fact, I am confident in  that. But, again, it is a good starting point.   It has about $300 billion to help bolster the PPP program, to keep it  going and to help struggling small businesses. A lot of them are on the  edge right now; I can tell you that. There is $16 billion for the  vaccine distribution we talked about and also for more testing and more  money for therapy. There is $180 billion to help Americans who have  lost their jobs during this downturn in the economy, in addition to a  lot of other important provisions for our schools and for our  healthcare providers. It doesn't do everything Republicans want; it  doesn't do everything Democrats want; but it does what the American  people need.   I hope this starting point will result in our getting the same kind  of broad bipartisan support that we have had for previous bills that  have been offered here on the Senate floor.   Again, I would like to add some things to it that I think make a lot  of sense. Specifically, there are some tax incentives to boost our  economic recovery, like the healthy workplaces tax credit to help  businesses reopen and stay open with the current safety and social  distancing guidelines. I would like to expand and repurpose the  employee retention tax credit and the work opportunity tax credit from  the CARES Act into something that is more encompassing for companies  that don't qualify for PPP but that are willing to retain their  employees, again, keeping them connected to work, which I think is so  important.   Again, we need to act soon because I am concerned about some of the  new reports coming out on the economic impact this pandemic is having,  especially on certain sectors of the economy and particularly on middle  and lower income Americans. After the initial economic shutdown that  created the record unemployment numbers we saw in the early weeks of  this pandemic, unemployment claims began to fall. The Paycheck  Protection Program helped small businesses stay open and keep employees  on payroll, which was good. As more businesses found ways to reopen and  reopen safely, hiring picked up, and as of October, national  unemployment was moving in the right direction--not near where it was  prepandemic but still in the right direction.   But then we have seen more troubling signs as the pandemic--the  healthcare crisis aspect of the pandemic--has increased. One problem is  that the partial economic recovery we were seeing was not evenly  distributed across different sectors of our economy. That is pretty  obvious to people. If you are a manufacturer in Ohio that closed your  factory floor this spring, you were able to figure it out--reconfigure  the workspace, perhaps, allow for social distancing--and demand started  to go back up, and it looks like our manufacturers are in pretty good  shape now. But if you are in the hospitality business, travel business,  personal care business, you have been hit really hard. Our restaurants,  bowling alleys, music venues, coach companies, and many more have had a  much tougher path to reopening their doors in a safe way.   I had a very sobering call with members of the Ohio Restaurant  Association last week. It is troubling to me that more than half of all  Ohio restaurants say it is unlikely they will be in business 6 months  from now in the absence of more help. So without a new PPP and other  help, half of them said they are going to close their doors. I am in  the restaurant business. It is a tough business. People are hanging on.   We have to do something to help the economically disadvantaged also.  At the start of 2020, thanks to consecutive years of strong growth in  the pre-COVID economy, under the Trump administration's Republican  proposals--tax cuts, tax reform, regulatory relief, allowing our energy  resources to be used in this country--things were going pretty darn  well.   The national poverty rate over the last few years--before COVID  started in February of this year, the national poverty rate had fallen  to the lowest rate since the government started tracking this statistic  60 years ago. Let me repeat that. The poverty rate had fallen to its  lowest level since it was recorded--10.5 percent.   The economy was good--not just low unemployment but also higher  wages. We actually had in February the 19th straight month of wage  increases of 3 percent or more. That was compounded. People were  saying: My gosh, if I work hard and play by the rules, I can get ahead.  Things were good particularly because that wage increase was primarily  focused on lower and moderate-income Americans. But that all changed as  we hit COVID.   The early economic stimulus actually helped drive that poverty rate  lower that I talked about in the March-April timeframe. But since then,  a lack of Federal action and this sluggish economic recovery we have  seen have reversed that process, with nearly 7 million Americans  falling into poverty since May. That means the poverty rate has now  risen 2 percentage points to 11.4 percent. That represents 7 more  million Americans who have fallen into poverty.    So people say: What has the coronavirus done to the economy? There it  is. Among other things, it has driven the poverty rate back up after we  had so much success. What is worse, the longer these individuals stay  in poverty, the harder it will be for them to get out of poverty. That  is one of my concerns--long-term unemployed, long-term problems with  regard to the poverty rate.   A big part of the problem is that those who are most vulnerable to  sliding into poverty--these low-income Americans we are concerned  about--have been the hardest hit by the waves of layoffs that started  in the spring. Nearly half of all lower income adults now report that  either they or someone else in their household lost a job or took a pay  cut as a result of the economic slowdown--half. In comparison, only  about one-third of higher income Americans report being affected in  this way. Maybe that is obvious to you, but the woman who works in the  kitchen for that restaurant who lost her job,  [[Page S7131]]  maybe making $15, $16 an hour, compared to maybe somebody who works in  a factory making $25 or $30 an hour--those restaurant workers have been  more affected. That has been played out through so many different  industries around the economy where lower income individuals, often who  cannot work mobile--they can't virtually work, unlike someone, say, who  is in the financial services industry. They have been some of the  hardest hit.   Another economic slowdown caused by our failure to act here in  Congress would only exacerbate those real hardships being felt by those  who can least afford it. Do we have a magic wand here? No. We can't  solve all the problems, but we can help.   With so many challenges to contend with, it is concerning to me that  the Senate will be in session for only 11 more days before we adjourn  for the holidays. We have to act, and we have a very short window to do  so.   By the way, we should not leave Washington without acting. We should  not leave Washington for the holidays without passing a COVID-19  response bill. If we do, we will be risking even more devastation from  the virus and even more economic impacts, where millions of Americans  could lose their jobs, their homes, their cars, and more.   We can help avoid this if we provide the necessary resources to  continue to combat the ongoing pandemic as well as addressing a lot of  the important provisions created under the CARES Act way back 9 months  ago that were set to expire at the end of this year.   Of these provisions, one of the most concerning to me is the cliff  that we face with regard to unemployment benefits for those who have  lost their jobs due to COVID-19. Both the Pandemic Unemployment  Assistance Program and the Pandemic Emergency Unemployment Compensation  Program will expire at the end of this month. These are supplementary  Federal programs designed to help the self-employed, gig economy  workers, and those who need extra support while on unemployment during  the pandemic. I know some of these people. I have talked to them. They  are nervous. They are looking at this year-end and thinking: My gosh, I  am on unemployment now. Even though I am self-employed and I wouldn't  have been on it under the State system, now the Feds are going to pull  out, and I am left with nothing.   Even with the economic rebound we have had since the spring, we are  still down 10 million jobs in this country since February. Think about  it. Again, the economy was going great, the policies we put in place  were working, and we are still down 10 million jobs. A further slowdown  of the economy is going to be tough for those long-term unemployed, and  my concern is that some of them may never reenter the workforce. So we  need to act and act quickly to get them back in the mix.   With the latest round of stricter social distancing measures and  closures in some States in order to counter the coronavirus, more jobs  will vanish. We are seeing that already. Look at the States that are  doing shutdowns--higher unemployment, more people without a job. Losing  that unemployment insurance lifeline will be devastating for lots of  those Americans. Let's not let that happen.   The end of 2020 also means the end of other important COVID-19  response programs. Many individuals who had their incomes affected by  this pandemic are also renters. The current national moratorium on  evictions has allowed these individuals to keep a roof over their head  while they look for work and try to hold their lives together, but this  moratorium expires at the end of the year. So you will see a lot more  people losing their apartment, losing their home, and ending up without  anyplace to go. We need to act here in Congress to make sure that  doesn't happen.   Same goes for the millions of individuals who are currently relying  on student loan deferrals to free up money to cover expenses during the  pandemic. Come the start of next year, these student loan payments will  be due if we don't act. A lot of people relied on this. It is not that  they won't have to pay, but it has been deferred. That ends at year- end.   My hope is that laying out everything we stand to lose in just a few  weeks at year-end will encourage Congress to act on targeted  coronavirus legislation to serve as that bridge--just as a temporary  bridge between now and when we have widespread vaccine availability  next spring. Failure to act could mean further economic suffering that  puts millions more Americans in a tough spot.   In the face of a virus that seems to be getting more and more out of  hand every day, it just seems like common sense to me that we should  act. We should come together to expand and extend these important  programs.   Again, I agree with Leader McConnell, who spoke on the floor  yesterday, talking about the importance of providing support for, as an  example, our hardest hit small businesses by having a second round of  Paycheck Protection Program targeted at those companies that are  actually losing money, year-to-year showing this month as compared to a  year ago or this quarter as compared to a year ago that they are seeing  a significant drop in the revenue. These are the ones that need the  help the most.   In addition, we should consider other important provisions, again, to  provide funding to keep our kids safe in school--we want them in  school; it is a good thing for them, but we have to be sure they can be  safe--facilitate vaccine distribution, support our healthcare  providers, and funding and flexibility for State and local governments  that truly need it. They have to show the need.   American lives are at stake, and we are in danger of losing whatever  ground we gained on the coronavirus as this third wave threatens my  home State of Ohio and the States of so many of my colleagues in this  Chamber.   Let's not wait any longer. Let's come together and get something done  that is good for the American people before the end of the year. And  let's stay here. I am committed to staying here. Let's stay here until  we do that.   I yield the floor.   