 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Chair, for decades, Americans have been exposed to toxic PFAS  chemicals and there are not sufficient protections in place to  safeguard our communities, our drinking water, and our environment.  Americans are getting sick from these forever chemicals that are known  to cause cancer, immune disorders, and thyroid problems, among other  serious health conditions.   I represent so many tireless advocates and concerned citizens in New  Hampshire who have identified this threat in their own communities and  raised our collective consciousness about the dangers of PFAS.   I have heard about PFAS from too many servicemembers and their  families who were exposed to high concentrations in drinking water on a  base.   I have heard about it from residents who have had their private wells  contaminated by a manufacturing plant.   I have heard about it from families who live near a landfill where  PFAS-laden waste was dumped, an area that also has some of the Nation's  highest cancer rates.   We must recognize that we are only having this conversation today  because of advocates like them across the country who have sounded the  alarm. It is about time we implement policies that address the  widespread contamination that exists in every one of our districts.   We would be negligent if we fail to do so.   I am offering an important, bipartisan amendment to this legislation  that is based on a bill that I have filed, the Clean Water Standards  for PFAS Act. If we want to truly protect the public from PFAS, we must  stop pollution which continues today. We must prevent industry and  other polluters from dumping PFAS into rivers, streams, and other  bodies of water, and further contaminating the environment.   This amendment calls on the EPA to set and enforce proactive limits  for PFAS discharge. It also requires EPA to issue pretreatment  standards for polluters who discharge PFAS directly to water treatment  facilities. This amendment also creates a grant program to provide  assistance to treatment facilities, ensuring that municipalities have  the resources to meet these requirements that will help keep our  communities safe.   My constituents deserve clean water. There is nothing more important  than the health and safety of our communities, and we must work  together to stop PFAS from getting into the environment and poisoning  our drinking water.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I urge all of my colleagues to vote in favor  of this amendment. And I want to thank all of those who have stepped  forward to address this issue, including the bipartisan Congressional  PFAS Task Force as well as the coleads of this particular amendment,  Representatives Rouda, Delgado, Fitzpatrick, Kuster, Cisneros, and  Kildee.   I really appreciate the discussion here today. It is about time that  we go beyond action plans and actually implement some policies that are  going to affect people's lives in a positive manner back home. I urge  adoption of this amendment and the underlying bill.   I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   