 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H. Res.  756, legislation implementing recommendations from the Select Committee  on the Modernization of Congress.   The Select Committee on the Modernization of Congress, the only truly  bipartisan committee in Congress, has worked diligently since it was  created to produce recommendations that will make Congress more  efficient, accountable, and transparent to the American people.   This resolution includes nearly 30 of the recommendations passed out  of the committee. The legislation includes reforms in five areas, which  are:   Streamlining and reorganizing human resources;   Improving orientation for freshman Members;   Modernizing and revitalizing technology;   Making the House accessible to all; and   Improving access to documents and publications for the American  people.   When I first arrived in Washington for new Member orientation, I  remember having to get on a bus with only Republicans. I was shocked  that new Members would not be briefed together, that this kind of  partisanship was encouraged from the very start.   Now, I understand that a majority of the time Members will be meeting  with their respective party, but to encourage this divide from the  beginning was something I was not expecting--and I was really  disappointed.   This contributes to the brokenness and lack of civility in Congress.  This was a concern I heard from several Members from both sides of the  aisle, including fellow colleagues on the Select Committee on the  Modernization of Congress.   I am proud that we are able to work together on this committee as  both Republicans and Democrats to come to a solution that encourages  more bipartisanship in these partisan and incredibly divided times.   I am truly thankful for Chair Kilmer's and Vice Chair Graves'  leadership on the committee, and I look forward to continuing to work  with them and my colleagues on the committee on other ways we can make  Congress more efficient, such as addressing the House calendar and  schedule, as well as the budget process.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues in the House to support H.  Res. 756.   