 Mr. Speaker, I rise in favor of H. Res. 825, which I  authored, to focus our attention on the Nuclear Non-Proliferation  Treaty.   If you look back to 1945 when nuclear weapons literally exploded upon  the world, most political scientists believed that within the next  century after 1945 we would have had dozens of nuclear states and many  nuclear wars. Well, so far, we have gone the vast bulk of a century  since 1945 and we have not seen nuclear weapons used in anger. An  important part of that is the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.   There is no more important work for our committee than preventing the  spread of nuclear weapons. That is why, for well over a decade, I have  chaired or been ranking member on the subcommittee that focuses on  nonproliferation. It is simple math. The more nuclear states, the more  likelihood of a nuclear war.   This resolution reaffirms the strong nonproliferation regime that is  in the interest of the United States and supports the Nuclear Non- Proliferation Treaty. It urges the United States to continue to support  the NPT regime and global nonproliferation and looks forward to a  successful 2021 NPT Review Conference.   I look forward to working with the new administration on  nonproliferation issues.   Every nation in the last 50 years that has developed a nuclear weapon  has done so under the pretense that they were developing a nuclear  energy program. That is why we have to be very careful when we enter  into nuclear cooperation agreements with countries that may seek to  develop a nuclear weapon.   The best way to make sure that a nuclear energy program is not a  nuclear weapons program is to make sure that the country that engages  in that signs the additional protocol to allow the additional  inspections of the IAEA. That is why what is important today--not only  this resolution--is the conference committee that I sit on for the  NDAA, which contains the provision that I wrote and introduced to this  House as the Saudi Nuclear Nonproliferation Act, to say that we will  not enter into agreements for nuclear cooperation with countries that  refuse to sign the additional protocol.   As we look forward to a new administration, we need to reenter the  JCPOA with Iran and make sure Iran never develops a nuclear weapon. We  have to prevent Saudi Arabia from developing a nuclear weapon, and we  have to roll back the North Korean program. There is much for us to do  in nonproliferation, and there is no work that is more important for  our committee.   Since I have some additional time, I would like to use it to express  my views on the other important legislation that the Foreign Affairs  Committee is bringing to this House today.   The first is the Tropical Forest and Coral Reef Conservation  Reauthorization Act of 2020, introduced by Mr. Chabot, for which I  serve as the lead Democrat. This is an important debt-for-nature  program critical to preserve tropical forests and coral reefs.   Chairman Bera has introduced the Securing America From Epidemics Act.  This bill recognizes the importance of working cooperatively--and I  look forward to us rejoining the WHO--working cooperatively to deal  with epidemics. And, of course, these provisions were part of the  Heroes Act, which this Congress passed back in May. It authorizes the  Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations, an alliance of  countries that are partners to finance and coordinate the development  of vaccines for high-priority epidemic threats.   I want to commend the gentleman from New York for his Caribbean Basin  Security Initiative Authorization Act to promote safety, security, and  the rule of law in the Caribbean. It is so important that we achieve  improvement for the lives of those who are our immediate neighbors.  This important bill would fund support for the justice sector and  education for at-risk youth.   I want to commend Representative  Tom Suozzi for his resolution on  the importance of the United States' alliance with the Republic of  Korea and the contribution of Korean Americans. Just yesterday, I had a  chance to meet with the chair and several of the members of the Korean  National Assembly's Foreign Affairs and Unification Committee, and I  look forward to a new administration reaching a different kind of  relationship with North Korea and a stronger relationship with South  Korea.   I commend Chairman McGovern for his resolution condemning the  poisoning of Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny and calling for  the United States to coordinate a robust international response.   I think our committee is bringing to the floor of this House a  package of important legislation. I look forward to it passing  overwhelmingly.   