 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from California  for yielding and for her leadership of the House Financial Services  Committee and my friend and colleague from Ohio (Mr. Gonzalez) for his  kind words about this bill.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 4841, the  bipartisan Prudential Regulator Oversight Act.   In the United States, we have thousands of institutions where  millions of people go every day to do their daily banking, take out a  loan for a new car, or start saving for their children's future. It  does not matter if you live in Bloomington, Minnesota, or Brooklyn, New  York, the process is the same.   Virtually all of these institutions are federally insured and, thus,  subject to at least one primary Federal regulator. Yet few of these  regulators are actually required to provide testimony on their  supervisory responsibilities in Congress.   When the Dodd-Frank Act was passed in 2010 in response to the  financial crisis, it became a requirement and an expectation that  Congress would hear from the leaders of the Federal Reserve at regular  intervals regarding its efforts, activities, and plans with respect to  their supervisory conduct.   Today, there is no such requirement for regulators at the FDIC, the  National Credit Union Administration, or the Office of the Comptroller  of the Currency. These agencies are responsible for monitoring the  safety and soundness of our financial system as well as compliance with  Federal banking laws approved by this body. They play a large role in  protecting taxpayers by promoting bank solvency and intercepting and  preventing bank failures. These are the very institutions charged with  helping prevent market crashes before they begin.   H.R. 4841 would require senior officials of the prudential banking  regulators to report to and testify before the House and Senate on  their regulatory responsibilities. These reports would cover issues  like the stability of our financial system, anti-money laundering  examinations, diversity and inclusion programs, cybersecurity, and  efforts to protect consumer data.   The reports and testimony required by this bill will increase  Congress' oversight ability, allowing this institution to more  responsibly exercise our legislative powers by knowing with clarity how  programs are administered and whether officials are obeying and  complying with the law.    Congress has an important role to play in ensuring that  Americans know their government is doing everything it can to protect  their savings and their retirement, and this bill will help us get  there.   I want to thank my colleagues who have cosponsored this bill and  given their support, including my friend from Georgia (Mr. Loudermilk),  who has been a great partner in helping this legislation get to the  floor.   There is a saying that sunlight is the very best disinfectant. Every  American knows that banking is complicated, and no institution is too  big for oversight. I urge my colleagues to vote for H.R. 4841, increase  transparency, and solidify Congress' role in achieving financial  stability throughout the country.   