 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me the  time.   Mr. Speaker, the Select Committee on the Coronavirus Crisis has been  working to ensure that our response to  [[Page H5421]]  this pandemic is effective, efficient, and equitable.   The Heroes Act will make this outcome possible. The Select Committee  has heard from public health experts that testing, tracing, and  targeted containment are needed to safely reopen. This bill includes  $75 billion for these public health measures.   We heard from essential workers risking their lives, doing their jobs  during this pandemic. Mayors of both political parties told us  significant Federal assistance is needed to prevent sharp cuts to jobs  and vital services.   This bill includes $436 billion for State, local, territorial, and  Tribal governments to support our heroes and those they serve. It  protects workers by directing OSHA to issue an effective infection  control standard.   The Select Committee's investigations have found that PPP and other  relief programs need to be improved to reach the most vulnerable  businesses. The Heroes Act sets aside funds for the smallest  businesses, struggling non-profits, and second loans to the businesses  that have suffered the most. The bill would assist restaurants and  airport concessionaires who have been especially hard hit.   Educators and public health experts advised us how to safely reopen  schools. This legislation provides robust funding to enable schools to  educate students while minimizing health risks.   Mr. Speaker, the current Federal Reserve chair and his two immediate  predecessors told us that Congress must provide additional fiscal  support for a strong recovery. This bill extends enhanced unemployment  benefits, provides additional direct payments, expands food assistance,  and provides housing support.   Finally, voting rights advocates and infectious disease doctors  alike, told the Select Committee that to ensure a free, fair, and safe  election, we must follow science-based recommendations for expanded  mail-in voting, early voting, and polling places. The Heroes Act  provides the funds for election administration and the Postal Service  needed to safeguard our democracy.   Mr. Speaker, I always say that if the difference between me and an  opponent on any issue requires five steps, I don't mind taking three of  them. But I hope the other side will meet us by taking two.   