 The Senator from West Virginia is absolutely correct.  This is a must-pass bill, and I am delighted to join her and the  Senator from Tennessee, who spoke before her, in pointing out some of  the very positive aspects of this bipartisan bill.   Isn't it refreshing that this last piece of legislation that this  body will consider before the Independence Day break this weekend is a  truly bipartisan tradition that we have had in the Senate and something  we can be proud of and should try to replicate on other legislation.   I want to take my hat off to Chairman Jim Inhofe, the chairman of the  Senate Armed Services Committee, and the ranking Democrat, Jack Reed,  for their patriotism, for their cooperation in putting together a  product that garnered almost unanimous support in the Armed Services  Committee and will undoubtedly pass overwhelmingly, I would say, with  90-plus votes on floor of the U.S. Senate.   The NDAA is a critical part of keeping this Nation safe. It is a  critical part of giving our service men and women the training, the  equipment, and the resources they need. And it is a critical part of  building on what has become a 3-year process of restoring some of the  confidence and restoring the building from some of the cuts that we  have had over time in our military spending.   We need to continue expanding our military and making sure that we  can meet the threats, and particularly, as a former chairman of the  Seapower Subcommittee, we need to keep expanding and building on the  progress we have made in our Navy to meet the threat from China and to  meet the threat from other adversaries we have.   Also, I would point out that the NDAA, which is before us for a vote  and which we will undoubtedly pass before July 4, will go a long way to  steadying the funding we need to respond to the COVID-19 virus. It has  affected our economy, but it has also affected our ability to maintain  our supply chain and to defend the Nation.   I want to thank the Senator from Tennessee for pointing out the plus- ups that we have been able to do in this year's bill and previous bills  for Junior ROTC. Junior ROTC is a fantastic way to build character and  build ability and education in our high school students. If you take a  school that is fortunate enough to have one of these programs, the  statistics are absolutely astounding. Students in a school that  participates in Junior ROTC consistently statistically have better  grades, fewer dropouts, and there is a better graduation rate and there  is higher postsecondary participation among the small set of people  within a school who participate in Junior ROTC. So I want to thank the  bipartisan leadership of our committee for continuing to build and  expand this program.   I would echo what the Senator from Tennessee said about high schools  within her State that have the Junior ROTC Program. I have visited  these programs in the State of Mississippi. They work, and they are  good. They are not only good for national defense, they are just good  for America and for citizenship.   I want to particularly mention what this bill before us does with  regard to shipbuilding and military aircraft manufacturing and why that  is so important.   This year's NDAA would restore funding for American ships after a dip  we have had to experience because of budget constraints. I would point  out that this bill authorizes the money; this bill does not appropriate  a single penny. That will be left up to us to take the product from the  Appropriations Committee. If we are able to spend the money that is  authorized, here is what we are going to end up with by the end of the  year: It would fund seven new battle force ships. It would authorize  four new amphibious assault ships, which, of course, will be built in  our American shipyards, some of them in my home State of Mississippi.   It is worth mentioning to my colleagues that we had wonderful news  yesterday that the Navy will build an additional destroyer in  Pascagoula, MS, and that destroyer will be named after our former  colleague, the late Senator Thad Cochran, a Navy veteran himself and a  longtime chairman of the Appropriations Committee. These projects would  bring our Navy closer to the total of 355 ships, which is part of the  requirement we get from our admirals and generals around the world who  tell us on an objective basis what we need to keep this Nation safe.  They have given us a requirement of 355. If we actually went back to  them today and had them reassess that number--and they may be doing  that right now--they would probably tell us that number is over 355.   What we did when I was chairman of the Seapower Subcommittee was put  that requirement of 355 in the statute. It is not a sense-of-the-Senate  or a sense-of-the-Congress. We built it into the statute, made it the  law of the land, and 355 ships is where we need to be if we want to  protect the United States of America.   We have had this dip in military manufacturing that affects both  ships and aircraft manufacturing, and I would just point out that we  are going to need to restore that dip outside of the regular  appropriations process. I would commend to my colleagues the  possibility of putting the job-creation part of this equation in phase  4 of our COVID-19 response bill, which I think will come before the  Senate in the second part of July once we return from the 2-week Fourth  of July break. I hope we can come up with a little extra money for ship  manufacturing and for aircraft manufacturing. This will get us where we  need to be in terms of protecting our Nation, but also it is an  unbelievable job creator.   Listen to what shipbuilding does for our economy alone. In  shipbuilding alone, there are 14,000 supplier companies in all 50  States. Shipbuilding impacts many companies in every single State. The  LHA 7 Program, for example, requires 541 suppliers across 39 different  States to fully produce that class of ship. So it protects America, and  it puts Americans back to work. I think we can spare a few extra  billion dollars to restore that dip and put those people back to work  as part of our recovery program.   With regard to our F-35 Program--aircraft manufacturing--in 2020,  this year, there are over 1,800 suppliers working on that aircraft  manufacturing program in 48 States and in Puerto Rico. Of those 1,800  companies that are suppliers, over 1,000 of those suppliers are small  businesses. The small businesses alone contribute over 40,000 direct  and indirect jobs in the United States of America. Overall, the program  itself in all 50 States contributes 254,000 direct and indirect  American jobs attributed to this program.   I would commend this bill to our colleagues and ask for a ``yes''  vote, and we will get a ``yes'' vote, but I would ask us to bear in  mind that we are going to have to figure out a way to pay for this, and  I think that is going to require a little innovation and a little  addition in phase 4 of the COVID response bill.   I am happy to say that this additional job creation and manufacturing  is supported by the leadership, up to the top level in the Pentagon, up  to and including the Secretary of Defense. It is supported by the  National Security Advisor and by the entire team  [[Page S3987]]  around the President. So I think we will be able to have bipartisan  support for this.   Good work on behalf of the committee in authorizing these programs.  There is additional work that needs to be done by us and our friends on  the Appropriations Committee in actually getting the money there to  restore the dip. It is a good day for America, and it is a good  occasion for this Senate that we are able to end this work period with  bipartisanship and support for our troops   I yield the floor.   