 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, thank you. I am on the floor today to  talk about the coronavirus pandemic and what we can and should do here  in the U.S. Senate and in Congress as a whole to actually address the  ongoing problem.   We are not out of the woods yet. We still have a healthcare crisis  and, of course, an economic crisis that is a consequence of that.   We have done some good bipartisan work over the past 6 months. In  fact, not many people realize that we have actually passed five or six  bills with strong bipartisan majorities. The one people know about most  is the biggest one, the CARES Act. I think it got 97 votes here on the  floor of the Senate--97 to nothing.   We have in the past been able to figure out a way to come together as  Republicans and Democrats and as Americans to be able to address this  crisis. We need to do it again because we still do have a crisis. We  still do have unacceptably high levels of people getting infected,  hospitalized, being in the ICU, fatalities, and, of course, our economy  is not where any of us would like to see it although it has improved  significantly, in part because of the legislation we passed here.   I am convinced that we would be at over 10 percent unemployment still  if not for the legislation we passed here. Instead, we are beginning to  come down--8.4 percent last month. That is faster than anybody thought  it could. Still, of course, it is unacceptably high.   So more help is needed, and we can't let the upcoming election and  the politics around that keep us from getting together and continuing  to do the work that we have to do. We haven't been able, in the last 5  or 6 weeks, to do that. Instead, we have been working kind of on  opposite sides of the aisle on our own projects.   Today we voted on a bill that had a majority of the U.S. Senators  supporting it. That is not how you pass something around here; there  has to be a supermajority--60 votes. But a majority of the Senators in  this Chamber just voted for legislation that has strong bipartisan  appeal I would think because, as we will talk about in a second, almost  every element is supported by the Democrats, Republicans, and, most  importantly, by the American people.   What we have done is we have kind of fallen into camps. So the  Democrats passed a bill in the House called the Heroes Act. It is a  $3.5 trillion bill. Remember, we have already spent about $3.5  trillion, making this the largest deficit in the history of our country  and making our debt now, for the first time since World War II, the  size of our entire economy. That concerns all of us, and it should. I  hope it concerns all of us because our fiscal situation going forward  for our kids and grandkids is something we should be concerned about  too.   Anyway, the $3.5 trillion bill is a grab bag, to be honest. Some of  it is related to COVID-19, but some of it is not. As an example, there  is a provision in there that I hope would be a nonstarter that changes  our tax laws and repeals the State and local tax deduction cap that was  put in place just recently. This gives a huge break to wealthy  Americans. In fact, 40 percent of this benefit, according to the Joint  Committee on Taxation, goes to the top 1 percent of wage earners. What  does that have to do with the coronavirus? It will help millionaires  [[Page S5535]]  on both coasts a lot, but it really does not affect the crisis that we  are in.    They also want to use this $3.5 trillion package as a way to make  changes in our immigration policy. Now, that is pretty controversial  stuff as it stands, and that is going to make, of course, that bill  hard to pass because of the immigration policy. People have strong  views on it. It has no place in a COVID-19 bill.   One that also concerns those of us who are concerned about the  election coming up is it puts Federal mandates in place on the States  that are unprecedented with regard to their election system. Now, that  is something we have always left to the province of the States, but,  instead, it puts mandates in place on the electoral system. That is  not, again, something that is going to help us in terms of the  coronavirus.   So my hope is that those House Democrats who passed that bill can now  see what we passed over here. This is a targeted bill that focuses on  the coronavirus. It is less than $500 billion, which used to be a lot  of money around here, but as compared to the $3.5 trillion. So it is  obviously a lot less money, but it is also more targeted and more  focused.   Again, I think so much of it is policy that can be supported by both  sides of the aisle. It will really help to continue the efforts we  started here to help address the healthcare crisis but also help with  regard to the weak economic performance as a result of people being  isolated from the economy.   I heard someone this week say we have a K-shaped recovery. What does  that mean? Well, think of the letter ``K.'' A lot of people say you  want to have a V-shaped recovery, where you go down steeply through a  recession and you come back up just as steeply. That is where I think a  lot of America is. In other words, a lot of families and a lot of  businesses have seen a pretty rapid recovery here in the past few  months, but there are others who have not.   So the top part of the K is true for a lot of people and a lot of  businesses--think of the businesses that provide food, the grocery  stores; the businesses that are involved in construction, businesses  like Home Depot or Lowe's that provide building products. They are  doing well. They are at the top of the K. They are in the V.   But there are others that are in the bottom. That would include  travel and hospitality. It would certainly include the airlines and bus  companies. They are having a tough time. Many of our smaller retail  businesses--certainly our bars, movie theaters, and bowling alleys-- they are having a tough time. So there is a bottom end to that.   This is an uneven recovery, and we have to acknowledge that.  Therefore, to my colleagues on my side of the aisle who might say, you  know, we have done enough; the recovery is on; everything is good,  unfortunately, that is not true. I wish it were. I wish we had turned  the corner on the economy and also begun to turn the corner on the  virus. We can't say that yet. We have made progress. No question about  it. I think we are on the right track, but we are in a K-shaped  recovery, I believe.   By the way, it is the same thing with individuals. Think about it. If  you own your own home, the value of your home has probably gone up. You  are probably in pretty good shape, particularly if you are trying to  sell your home right now. It is a good time to sell, I guess. If you  invest it in the stock market, which a lot of the people who own their  homes are, it has been darn good. The market increase has been  substantial. I was on a program this morning where they were talking  about how the Nasdaq was back up again, and the tech stocks, if you are  in the tech world, are doing great.   But let's say you don't own your own home. Let's say you are a  renter. Your rent is likely to start going up if it hasn't already, and  then, you are not invested in the markets, so you are not taking  advantage of that, and yet your job is at risk and may be gone. So,  again, K-shaped isn't it. Some people are doing quite well, and others  are still having a rough time and need help to be able to deal with the  issue of the coronavirus and the economic fallout from that.   By the way, this K-shaped recovery, I believe, has increased  inequality in terms of our income in this country, and income  inequality was something we were making progress on. In February, we  had the 19th straight month of wages increasing over 3 percent in this  country just in February, not long ago. And, by the way, most of that  increase was among lower and middle-income workers. Now, that was  positive. That was where we wanted to head as a country. That is why so  many of us pushed for tax reform and regulatory relief thinking that  would get this economy moving and help those workers who are in the  lower and middle-income bracket the most, and, guess what, it did.   That has changed now so we have to, here in Congress, in my view,  continue to help, continue to do things that will help with the  healthcare crisis and with regard to the underlying economic situation  that is affected by it.   One thing that I think was very positive about today is that we were  able to pass legislation that has many, many bipartisan elements to it.  I think the vote we just had--again, where a majority of Senators in  this Chamber voted for a targeted COVID-19 approach--I think this gives  us a chance to reset, a chance to get back to the bargaining table, and  a chance to say: OK. Now the Republicans have put forward a proposal  that has a lot of very reasonable provisions in it.   The Presiding Officer here today was part of that. He put provisions  into the bill that has to do with our schools. It is widely popular.  There are other provisions in there that I think there is very little  disagreement on. Let me highlight a few of them   One is on the healthcare response, particularly on our testing  capacity. Republicans and Democrats alike know that testing is  critical. We need it. In Ohio, we are looking for more funding for  testing because we know that is how you stop the spread of the  disease--testing, contact tracing, getting to the hotspots and trying  to contain it. That way people will feel more comfortable returning to  work, returning to shop, and returning to school. This is something  that is in this legislation, $16 billion alone for testing. The  legislation that was voted on this afternoon in this Chamber was voted  positively by a majority of the Senators.   Just last week, in Ohio, I visited The Health Collaborative, which is  a multiagency coalition approach to dealing with COVID-19. It includes  hospitals, county commissioners, health commissioners, and even nursing  homes. They are utilizing the $19 million they have received through  the CARES Act to fund and design and execute a testing strategy for  people in the Southwest Ohio area. I am really pleased to see them take  the funding and using it in this way because now more and more people  are getting the opportunity to be tested, and, by the way, they are  doing it on a no-needs basis. There is no need to pay for this testing  with your insurance. If you don't have it, everybody is welcome to get  a test.   These kinds of initiatives are a big help, and I am glad that in this  legislation we voted on this afternoon, we added another $45 billion in  total to HHS to go toward testing and vaccine development to get this  vaccine as quickly as possible, and distribution of the vaccine,  helping on the antiviral medications. This ``Shark Tank'' concept that  the Presiding Officer and others are involved in is brilliant because  it sort of tells the private sector: Look, we are going to provide you  the basic funding to go out there and compete to come up with a safe  way to develop a vaccine or antiviral therapy, and that has encouraged  competition in it, and in unprecedented speed, we are developing these  alternatives--thank goodness--and we need them. Hopefully, by the end  of this year, we will have them.   Second, I think we agree that Congress should double down on any  COVID-19 policies in previous legislations that have worked well, and,  one, of course, is what is called the Paycheck Protection Program. That  is in this legislation we voted on today too. Back on August 8, it  ended. So if you are a small business out there and you have not  already taken advantage of the PPP program that many of your peers have  and you have seen them be able to keep their doors open because of it,  you are out of luck right now because the program is not accepting new  applicants. So we need to extend that program. I think everybody agrees  with that. I don't know a Senator in  [[Page S5536]]  this Chamber who doesn't have an experience back home of a small  business saying: I couldn't have stayed open without this. I visited  three or four businesses just in the past few weeks in Ohio, and all of  them had the same story.   Different timing, different businesses, some in construction, some in  the restaurant business, some in manufacturing, but what they all tell  me is they needed that influx badly. It provided them a low interest  loan--1 percent. They converted it into a grant, effectively, because  the loan was forgiven if they used it for their salaries or for their  utilities or for their mortgage or rent. They would have had to close  their doors and let a lot of people go. They were able to hang on.   For some of these businesses, like the manufacturer I visited, thank  goodness, because they would have let go 30 percent of their workforce.  They didn't have to do that. They kept everybody on. Now they are going  great guns. They are looking for people. By the way, they are having a  tough time hiring people. They are looking for people. That is a good  sign that you have businesses out there trying to pull people into the  workforce. That is in this legislation.   My hope is that we are going to see Republicans and Democrats agree  on this. I think they do agree. Reinstating the PPP for the foreseeable  future so that more small businesses can take advantage of this smart  loan program is a smart thing to do. It is more targeted, and it does  require you to show a loss of revenue. That is OK. That is good. We  want this to be targeted and focused. We don't want to waste money.   Third, the bill reflects that Members on both sides of the aisle  recognize that Congress should give additional support to our schools.  I mentioned this earlier, but $105 billion in this bill goes to  education--about $70 billion to K-12, our primary and secondary schools  and high schools, and that is needed right now. We are trying to reopen  around the country, and many of these schools are telling me: Rob, I  have got additional costs. I have got these Plexiglass shields I have  to put up. I have to reconfigure the classroom. I have to hire more  teachers because I want smaller classrooms so that if someone gets  sick, it will be infecting a smaller group. There is funding that is  needed for remote learning. So this is good for us to provide funding  for these schools because that will enable them to reopen and reopen  safely and stay open. That is in this legislation.    There is also funding in here for colleges and universities. I think  there is about $30 billion for that. Again, it is the same thing I am  hearing back home from our colleges and universities, some of which are  having a tough time staying open. They do need more help, more testing,  more PPE, personal protective gear, so this is important too. Again,  that is all in this legislation.   Interestingly, I mentioned the Heroes Act earlier, the $3.5 trillion  bill that the House Democrats passed not too long ago as kind of their  alternative, that had funding for schools also. Guess what. This bill  that was passed--well, not passed but voted on by a majority of  Senators today in the U.S. Senate--actually has slightly more money  than the Heroes Act has for education. What is the big issue here? Why  can't we get together and figure this out?   There are so many opportunities here. Finally, I would just say that  one thing that this bill does and one reason it is called a targeted  bill is it repurposes funding that we have already appropriated here in  the first four or five bills but that has not been used and is not  likely to be needed. So isn't that smart? I mean, as taxpayers, don't  you want to be sure that we are not just throwing money at this problem  if is not needed?   The Treasury Department, in particular, has been helpful in working  with us, saying they have a bunch of money that they could use for a  loan program that they haven't had much takeup on because, frankly, the  commercial lending is going pretty well right now. People are able get  the money from their bank. They don't need to come to Treasury or the  Fed as much as we thought they might, so there is money left over. We  are talking hundreds of billions of dollars. So that should certainly  be used to offset the cost of any new program. I think that is just a  commonsense idea. I can't imagine anybody in this Chamber, if they  think through this, would be against us repurposing the funds we have  already appropriated toward new uses that are more targeted. That is in  this legislation too.   I think those things all have bipartisan appeal, and it seems to me,  again, this is a reset. Let's face it, the Democrats have been saying  over the past several weeks: Well, fine, we have got our bill we  passed, the Heroes Act. What have you guys put out showing that at  least a majority of the Senate and pretty much every Republican can  support? Now we have done that.   So we have our stake in the ground, and they have their stake in the  ground. There is a lot of overlap. I just talked about four areas where  there is considerable overlap, but there are many others as well. We  should be able to figure this out on behalf of the American people.   We have a campaign ongoing for President, for Senators, and for  Members of Congress. We have to look out for the interests of the  American people here. We can do both. We can campaign and also be  working on our legislation that is absolutely needed right now for the  healthcare and economic future of our country.   By the way, only about one-third of the Senate is up for reelection,  so for two-thirds of us, we don't even have an election to worry about,  and yet it seems like this place has become way too political too  quickly. Let's focus on taking this bill that was voted on today where  the majority of Senators supported it and figure out ways to work with  Democrats to come up with a new approach that enables us to continue  the effort to help with regard to this K-shaped recovery and to help  with regard to the ongoing healthcare crisis we are facing.   I want to mention, if I could, three or four other things I would  love to see in the final bill that did not make it into the so-called  targeted bill. I understand why they didn't, and, in part, because we  weren't looking to put a lot of tax provisions in there because it is  not a tax vehicle, but I do think there are other things that have  broad bipartisan support that we ought to include.   First, I think we would all agree it is important that the taxpayer- funded research that is supported by this legislation, research into  antiviral medications and research into vaccines, is protected from  other countries, in particular, China coming into our country and  taking that research. This is taxpayer-funded research, and we know,  from what the FBI has told us and what the Department of Justice has  told us, that this is currently at risk. It is currently at risk.   With that in mind, we need to include legislation that safeguards our  American innovation. This was actually in the legislation that was  introduced by Senator McConnell a few weeks ago called the Heals  legislation, and the legislation that I am talking about is called the  Safeguarding American Innovation Act. It stops this kind of theft of  research and innovation at our research institutions, our colleges and  our universities. That is one where Republicans and Democrats have come  together. It is a bipartisan bill. It is the result of a committee  process. It is the result of an investigation that took over a year. It  is the result of a lot of hearings and a lot of work. It is solid  legislation to encourage us to be able to protect the research we are  doing, including on the coronavirus.    Second, for a while now, there has been a bipartisan consensus that a  smart coronavirus response should include tax incentives to help our  economy to not just open and reopen but to do so safely and  effectively. Small business owners I have spoken to during this  pandemic, especially in recent weeks, have told me they are eager to  reopen, but they want to do it in a safe manner. And we want them to do  in a safe manner. Let's provide some incentives for that.   One example of how that process can be helped along is an expanded  tax credit for new hiring called the work opportunity tax credit. It is  already out there. It is legislation that passed years ago. It helps,  let's say, veterans, returning citizens, who are looking for a second  chance. It gives them the  [[Page S5537]]  chance to get a job because the employer gets a tax credit for a while,  and then almost always that person ends up getting a job.   Let's include the COVID-19 unemployed in that--people who have lost  their jobs because of COVID-19. That makes all the sense in the world  to get people back to work.   There is also something that is in law now based on the CARES  legislation called the employee retention tax credit. I think this is  very important. Companies that couldn't access the PPP because they  didn't qualify or didn't want to will have access to this program kind  of as an alternative. It gives companies a tax credit against their  payroll taxes--the employer side of the payroll taxes--if they keep  people on or bring people on. Again, this makes all the sense in the  world right now to encourage more hiring to ensure we can get this  economy moving again and do so safely.   Speaking of safety, I have also introduced a new tax credit that was  part of the HEALS legislation that was introduced a few weeks ago. It  is called the healthy workplaces tax credit, which helps businesses pay  for this protective equipment, like the plexiglass shields and like the  PPE that they now need, which is expensive. Just the gowns and the  masks and the gloves--those expenses add up, particularly for  businesses that are having a tough time because of the weakening  economy out there.   These credits will help them not just reopen again but reopen safely.  I think getting these kinds of tax credits into the coronavirus  legislation would be very smart. Again, these should be bipartisan  efforts.   Third, while I am pleased we are revitalizing the successful PPP  program, I think there are steps to improve it that we ought to take up  in whatever our final package is.   For example, one oversight in the original PPP legislation is that  people who have been convicted of a felony going back 5 years are not  able to accept a PPP loan.   One day, I get a call from a guy back home. Troy Parker is his name.  Troy said: I can't get a PPP loan. I am a guy who had a financial  issue, a financial fraud issue. I had a felony conviction. I got out of  incarceration, and I started my own business. I took my second chance.   He said: I did everything that you are always talking about, Portman,  which is that you want to encourage people to take that second chance.  You want to give them that opportunity to get the training to be able  to do that.   Then he went out and hired a bunch of other second-chance folks, and  he started a cleaning business. It is quite successful. But obviously,  with coronavirus, a lot of the offices he cleaned and others said: We  can't have you come in. He lost his businesses. He was about to shut  his doors. He couldn't get a PPP loan. Why? Because within the last 5  years, he had a felony conviction.   That is not what we should be doing here. We shouldn't be penalizing  people who have turned their lives around and have done all the right  things and are hiring other second-chance individuals. We should be  helping them to stay on their feet and to continue to do what they are  doing for themselves, the community, and the workforce. So we worked  with the Treasury Department, and to their credit, we got them to put  forward a temporary solution, which was a change in the rule so that  Troy could get his PPP loan and others like him around the country. We  now need to make that permanent. That is an example of something we  should do--totally bipartisan.   I worked with colleagues on the other side of the aisle on this  issue, and I will continue to because this is one where, again,  Republicans and Democrats alike, as Americans, would want this to be  part of the legislation.   Fourth, while I am glad this bill reflects the bipartisan support for  educational funding, I had hoped it would also reflect that Republicans  and Democrats alike have come out for additional support and  flexibility for State and local governments.   Ohio has been particularly hard hit here because our cities in Ohio,  unlike your city--wherever you are in America, probably--can use income  taxes as a revenue source. I think 90 percent of cities can't do that,  but in Ohio, we can, and we do. Obviously, income taxes went down with  this coronavirus, and the economy fell short, so they suddenly find  themselves with less revenue coming in and then additional expenses:  fire, police, EMS, coronavirus expenses for public health.   It has been tough for a lot of our cities in Ohio, so I have been  pushing for not just more funding on a targeted basis, showing need,  but also more flexibility to be able to use the funding for closing  that revenue gap, which is caused by the weak economy, which is caused  by the coronavirus. So it is related. Certainly, we ought to be able to  do that on a bipartisan basis. That is what a lot of Democrats have  said they would like to do. I am not the only Republican who wants to  work with Democrats on that. We could get that into a final bill, and  that would help all of our cities. Let's move forward on this.    Finally, I think all of us agree that we need to have better access  to telehealth. Telehealth medicine has been one of the few silver  linings in this dark cloud. A lot more of my constituents are using  telehealth. One way they are using it is for behavioral health, mental  health services, and another is for addiction services, but also, just  generally, telehealth has been something that has been very helpful.   A lot of people say that in the last few months, we have gone 5 years  ahead of where we would have been in terms of telehealth. I think the  same is true with regard to teleworking and with regard to  telelearning. But with regard to telehealth, based on a poll I recently  saw--a survey by Morning Consult--one in every four adults--25  percent--has used telehealth recently during the pandemic. It has been  a lifeline for so many people, particularly for some people who are  fighting addiction and can't get in-person care to help their recovery  or people who have mental health challenges and are able to access  telehealth to help them.   I have worked with the Trump administration to expand telehealth and  delivery options, which in some instances has, for instance, allowed  addiction specialists to reach new patients they hadn't been able to  reach before.   There have been some positives here, but these reforms are only  temporary. We need to make these permanent as well. We don't want to  lose ground on this issue, so Senator Whitehouse, on the other side of  the aisle, and I have introduced legislation called the TREATS Act. We  want that to be part of the final legislation as well.   We have an opportunity to help with telehealth by expanding broadband  access as well so that more Americans can access these services from  home. This also relates, of course, to education when schools are  telling us they are going to go to partly in-person classrooms, partly  remote, and some altogether remote. If you live in a rural area of  America, you may not have access to broadband, and you are at a  disadvantage. Also, in a lot of our urban school districts, there may  be the infrastructure for broadband, but it is not in the home.   We need to help more in terms of broadband. I am the Senate sponsor  of a bipartisan, bicameral bill called the Rural Broadband Acceleration  Act, which basically speeds up the FCC's distribution they were going  to make anyway of $20 billion in rural digital funds to go toward the  building of broadband networks. This will help spread high-speed  internet over more than 400,000 miles of internet fiber cables,  bringing about 3 million new households online immediately if we can  get this done. By the way, it employs thousands of workers as well. I  think it is a great investment in infrastructure that is needed right  now. So people talking about infrastructure--this is one we could do  right now that helps with regard to telehealth, telemedicine,  telelearning, and teleworking.   The Nation will be looking to Congress in the coming weeks to work  together to make sure that we can improve our response to the  coronavirus and to help get this economy through a tough time. Now more  than ever, we cannot revert to the norm, which is partisanship these  days. We cannot do that with regard to this issue.   Using this new targeted bill as a base--the one that, again, got a  majority of Senators in this Chamber to vote  [[Page S5538]]  on today--and voting on some of the areas of agreement I have outlined  today, we need to come up with an appropriate and effective bill that  responds to the challenge.   I am going to continue to work with Republicans and Democrats alike  to insist we put the partisanship aside and work on behalf of our  constituents to take the necessary steps to get us through this  unprecedented healthcare crisis and to get us on the other side of the  economic crisis. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  work together to do the same.   Thank you.   I yield back.   