 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   I rise in opposition to H.R. 7120.   The brutal murder of George Floyd and the protests and demonstrations  since then highlight the racial issues which still afflict our Nation  and which deserve thoughtful discussion and debate. I want to use my  time today to reject the premise of systemic police racism, which is  the genesis of today's legislation.   I say the opposite: No one has done more to protect all lives than  the police. Take New York City, where thousands of protesters have  regularly taken to the streets to demonstrate against the NYPD even  though, in the past 25 years, the policies and actions of the NYPD have  literally saved tens of thousands of lives of people of color. The city  has gone from more than 2,000 murders a year, with a great majority of  them being African American, to less than 300.   Last year, NYPD officers fired their weapon 35 times. That is 35  times in a police force of 36,000 in a city of more than 8 million, and  millions more commuters and tourists. Five African Americans were  killed by the NYPD in the entire year, four of whom had a gun or knife.   You won't hear this on the House floor from the other side today, but  nationally, more Whites are killed by police than African Americans  each year, both in total numbers and in proportion to their encounters  with police.  [[Page H2461]]    Supporting this legislation, which targets the police, might make  people feel better about themselves in the short run but would result  in more crime and murder in the minority communities, which already  suffer from inadequate healthcare, housing, and educational  opportunity.   Just in the past month, we have seen shootings increase dramatically  in cities such as Chicago and New York, where shootings are at their  highest level in almost 25 years.   It is time to be honest. It is not a peaceful protest when businesses  are wrecked and looted, when rocks and bricks and Molotov cocktails are  thrown at cops and more than 300 police officers are injured, as we are  seeing right now in New York.   No, police are not perfect--none of us are, that is for sure--but  they do outstanding work. Just last month, this House, under Democratic  leadership, passed the HEROES Act, recognizing the great work of the  police in combating COVID-19. How things change in one month.   My father was in the NYPD for more than 30 years. I have been to too  many wakes and funerals of cops who have made the ultimate sacrifice,  laying down their lives for others.    Police deserve more than this legislation, which targets them for  society's ills. It is time to stand with the men and women in blue who  put their lives on the line for all the rest of us every day of the  year. I strongly urge a ``no'' vote.   