 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my amendment which  strikes harmful language in the underlying bill that would prevent any  funding to be used by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to process  permits for lawfully sport-hunted trophies from the countries of  Tanzania, Zimbabwe, or Zambia.   Sportsmen groups and conservation groups, both here at home in  America and internationally, all agree that well-regulated hunting in  the countries affected by the shortsighted language found in section  436 of the underlying bill, is just reckless pandering to special- interest animal rights groups.   The irony is this language will have an adverse effect and hurt  populations of the remaining wild lions and elephants which these  emotionally driven, science deniers claim to be advocating for.   But what about those who live and work in the countries affected by  this legislation? How do they feel about this Congress mindlessly  targeting their livelihoods?   Well, it may come as a great shock to those on the other side of the  aisle, but just this week a letter was sent to the Speaker of the House  by local representatives of millions of rural Africans who object to  this attack on their basic human right to sustainably use their natural  resources on which their communities' livelihoods depend.   They understand, better than the folks here in this body, that  sustainable hunting practices which they utilize lead not only to  benefits for their wildlife populations and their ecosystems, but to  the betterment of their fellow man and their communities.   In many cases, the population of these species exceed the carrying  capacity of their habitats. If left unmanaged, they threaten the viable  habitats as well as the safety of humans in these rural areas.   Experts, including scientific and management authorities in those  countries, the parties to the Convention on International Trade in  Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora, the International Union for  Conservation of Nature, and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, credit  sustainable hunting programs as a cornerstone of the successful  conservation and wildlife management strategies that are responsible  for these wildlife populations. Any law that discourages, rather than  facilitates, these hunting programs will have an adverse impact on  sound ecosystem conservation.   The language, which this amendment will strike, is not backed by  science. To the contrary, the best conservation science clearly shows  that populations of lions and elephants in the affected countries are  some of the highest found anywhere on the entire continent.   Mr. Speaker, it is for these reasons I urge adoption of this  amendment.   