 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to en bloc E.   Of the 171 amendments in this bill, or in this bloc that we are  considering, it contains 27 individual amendments carefully selected  and grouped by the other side of the aisle with absolutely no input  whatsoever from Republicans. Unfortunately, this is par for the course  for the way the majority has managed its my-way-or-the-highway bill.   These 27 amendments were picked so the majority could falsely claim  that their bill includes bipartisan provisions, when in reality this  bill is still nothing more than a partisan wish list.   Mr. Speaker, if a car is a lemon, putting a nice cup holder in it  isn't going to make me buy it.   Regardless, we should at least have adequate time or an adequate  amount of time to consider and debate each of these amendments  individually, because, frankly, there are a number of amendments in  here that I do support. But this process has not been open. It should  be open. But, instead, we have been dealt a poor hand from a stacked  deck.   It would be an understatement to say that I am disappointed by how  the majority is rushing this bill, which spends $1\1/2\ trillion of the  taxpayers' money through a sham legislative process.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Puerto Rico (Miss Gonzalez-Colon).   Miss GONZALEZ-COLON of Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, I thank the  gentleman for yielding.   I rise to speak on my amendments 12 and 13 included in the en bloc  No. 4.   Amendment 12 incorporates my bipartisan bill, H.R. 6050, making  Puerto Rico an eligible applicant for the Bureau of Reclamation's  WaterSMART Grants as well as its Drought Resiliency Project Grants.   These programs provide Federal funding for water conservation  [[Page H3007]]  projects, as well as projects that improve water management to increase  resiliency to droughts.   Currently, Puerto Rico is the only territory and noncontiguous  jurisdiction in the U.S. where these grants are not available.   Reliable water service is essential, particularly as we confront  COVID-19 and we are asking people to wash their hands, and yet, in  Puerto Rico we are announcing rationing measures impacting over 140,000  customers. Unfortunately, as much as 59 percent of the water produced  by the Puerto Rico Aqueduct and Sewer Authority is lost through a  deficient distribution system.   This situation is further complicated by our vulnerability to  droughts. In fact, per the U.S. Drought Monitor, 77.48 percent of  Puerto Rico is currently under abnormally dry conditions. Approximately  59.84 percent of the island is experiencing drought, while 26.11  percent is facing a severe drought. The Governor of Puerto Rico, as I  just told everybody here, has already announced water rationing  measures impacting more than 140,000 customers.   Given this reality, Congress should ensure Puerto Rico, just as  Alaska and Hawaii and the rest of the U.S. territories, is eligible for  WaterSMART and Drought Resiliency Project Grants.   My second amendment, amendment 13, allows Puerto Rico to issue  commercial driver's licenses, or CDLs, and makes the island eligible to  receive Commercial Driver's License Improvement Grants.   Requirements of CDL licensure promote increased skills, knowledge,  and safety of those operating a commercial motor vehicle to a well- established standard.   This amendment provides Puerto Rico a 5-year grace period to come  into CDL compliance and provides immediate eligibility for grants to  expedite this process.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment in the en bloc  package.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Grothman).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. Fortenberry).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   I rise in opposition to this en bloc amendment, and I am, frankly,  embarrassed by the process.   I am willing to bet that everyone who sits on the Transportation and  Infrastructure Committee is proud of its track record of working across  the aisle to get things done. That is the proven track record for  success for getting bills actually signed into law, but that is not how  our committee has operated during the process on this particular piece  of legislation.   If you choose to operate and move legislation in this manner, you are  going to get nothing accomplished; you are not going to get any bill  signed into law. The only thing you are going to get out of this  process is going to be a press release, and that is it.   This is a sham process, and dusting this massive bill with a few  amendments that Republicans support doesn't make it a bipartisan  process or a bipartisan product.   When the majority is ready to work across the aisle on responsible  legislation, we will continue to stand at the ready to work with them.  But I can't vote for this en bloc package, and I cannot vote for the  underlying bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I would like to offer amendments  en bloc printed in part G.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, although I support this amendment, I want to, again,  note my continued disappointment in this overall process.   More than once, I faulted the majority's one-sided committee markup  of H.R. 2, but at least we were given time to consider 165 Republican  amendments, although 112 were ultimately rejected and mostly through en  bloc. But now the majority wants to further stifle consideration of  minority amendments by giving us a scant eight Republican amendments  out of nearly 400 that were filed. We weren't even given the courtesy  to choose.   In 2015, if everyone remembers, and for those who weren't here, when  the House considered the last surface transportation law, the FAST Act,  there were more Democrat-led amendments--remember, Republicans were in  the majority. There were more Democrat-led amendments that were agreed  to than there were Republican-led amendments that were made in order  for today's debate.   Of course, the FAST Act was a bill that was developed at that time by  both the majority and the minority, which is a stark difference from  the majority's bill that we are discussing today.   In fact, I remember the Big Four agreement. If the chairmen of both  the subcommittee and the full committee and the ranking members of both  the subcommittee and full committee, if one of us didn't agree on a  provision, then it wasn't included. It was as simple as that.   Today could have been a great day for all of us, and we could be  approving a bill that all of us could be proud of. Instead, we are left  with a bill and a process that shreds one of the only bipartisan issues  left in Congress. It just shreds it to pieces.   I can answer the gentlewoman who managed the last section of the  bill, the financial services section. She said: I don't understand why  everybody is so disappointed in this.   Mr. Speaker, because it is a failure. An absolute failure is what  this bill is. And it is not going anywhere, absolutely not going  anywhere.   Mr. Speaker, I continue to oppose this partisan process, but I urge  my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of  my time.    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much  time is remaining.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Hice).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Graves).    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Brady), the ranking member of the Ways and  Means Committee.    Madam Speaker, can I inquire as to the time  left on both sides?    Madam Speaker, I don't have any other  speakers. I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.  [[Page H3027]]    Madam Speaker, I would like to lend my support for the gentleman's  thank-yous for the staff. We all know that staff works very, very hard  on these pieces of legislation, and they put in a tremendous amount of  time and effort, regardless of which side that they happen to be on.   Madam Speaker, I want to continue to note how much of a missed  opportunity that this is and this was. I support this amendment, but  unfortunately, it doesn't fix the overall bill for it to make really  too much of a difference.   The sad thing is, is we know we could have come together and written  an infrastructure bill that would easily gain bipartisan support, which  it needs to become law.   In 2 weeks, the T&I Committee plans to mark up the bipartisan Water  Resources Act, and I hope and I expect that it will pass. It is  bipartisan at this point because it is a bill that both sides continue  to develop together. We have worked together on it. That bipartisan  process stands in stark contrast to the process that has been used  today.   The water resources bill absolutely has a chance of becoming law,  whereas this $1.5 trillion wish list won't go anywhere after today.   I congratulate my Republican colleagues for their work on these  particular amendments, and I would urge Members to support this  amendment.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, none of what we do here would  happen without countless hours of staff work. I especially want to  thank the following members of my own staff, all of whom have worked  tirelessly on this bill:   Paul Sass, Jack Ruddy, Corey Cooke, Tara Hupman, Justin Harclerode,  Abigail Camp, Nick Christensen, Jamie Hopkins, Tyler Micheletti, Shawn  Bloch, Michael Falencki.   Cheryle Tucker, Trey McKenzie, Victor Sarmiento, Drew Feeley, Melissa  Beaumont, Johanna Hardy, Ian Bennitt, Jon Pawlow, Holly Woodruff Lyons,  T. Hunter Presti, John Rayfield.   I also want to thank the Democratic Committee staff for their work on  this bill.   Finally, I want to thank the Office of Legislative Counsel,  especially Karen Anderson and Robert Casturo, for their long hours and  hard work in drafting the bill before us, as well as the majority of  amendments offered both at our markup and at Rules Committee. Their  professionalism and skill are always appreciated, and we owe them a  tremendous debt of gratitude.    Madam Speaker, I demand the yeas and nays.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and  nays.   