 Madam Speaker, I rise today to recognize the  contributions of Reverend Dr. Dale A. Meyer upon the occasion of his  retirement as president of Concordia Seminary in St. Louis.   In May of 2005, Dr. Meyer became the 10th president of Concordia  Seminary. Over 15 years later, on June 30, 2020, Dr. Meyer will start a  new season in life, retiring and turning over the reins of this beloved  institution to new leadership.   His contribution to the seminary was immense. During his tenure,  Concordia's long-term debt was eliminated, its endowment quadrupled,  and it earned top marks from its most recent accreditation by the  Higher Learning Commission and the Association of Theological Schools.   From the start of his tenure to the end, Dr. Meyer worked alongside  his wife, Diane; the faculty; and key staff to cultivate a culture that  was service oriented and external facing. This meant instituting  activities designed to instill a spirit of community volunteerism into  first-year students. This meant adding benches on campus and expanding  holiday displays each year so visitors knew they were welcome at this  place.   It meant working with his wife, Diane, and Gayle Zollmann-Kiel,  coordinator of campus grounds, to create community gardens for people  to enjoy all summer and fall, thereby feeding the community both  spiritually and figuratively. And it meant, during the current  pandemic, having the bell tower on campus play music to lift the  spirits of all those around.   No wonder the seminary received several civic awards, including being  named among the 100 Top Workplaces in St. Louis in 2015.   Dr. Meyer's retirement marks a season of change for the seminary.  However, it also marks the closing of a chapter of a long career of  service for him personally.   While Dr. Meyer's first job was helping his parents, Arthur and Norma  Meyer, deliver milk for Dixie Dairy on the south side of Chicago, he  was called to serve on a full and winding professional path. This path  was so full of wonder that he would often marvel at the, ``milkman  moments'' that unfolded, remarking: ``What am I doing here? God has  blessed me so.''   Dr. Meyer completed his bachelor's degree in 1969 at Concordia Senior  College in Fort Wayne, Indiana, and earned a master of divinity from  Concordia Seminary in 1973. He earned a master's degree a year later  and a doctorate in 1986 in classical languages from Washington  University in St. Louis. He also is a recipient of an honorable doctor  of divinity in 1993 from Concordia Theological Seminary in Fort Wayne,  Indiana.   Dr. Meyer first joined the faculty at Concordia Seminary as a guest  instructor in 1979, going on to serve as head pastor of St. Salvator  Lutheran Church in Venedy, Illinois, and St. Peter Lutheran Church in  New Memphis, Illinois, both currently in my district, and at Holy Cross  Lutheran Church in Collinsville, Illinois, which is my home  congregation. These church communities are so beloved by the Meyers  that they continue to worship at all three parishes to this day.   It was at Holy Cross Lutheran that I and my wife, Karen, came to know  Dr. Meyer and his family. Our lives have been intertwined, to say the  least: Diane sold us our first home; I taught the oldest of his two  daughters, Elizabeth, civics at Metro East Lutheran High School and ran  many of 5k races to come with his youngest daughter, Katie; my own  children played music in their daughter's wedding; and my wife, Karen,  served as the head organist at Holy Cross with Dale; and so on.   Dr. Meyer moved on from Holy Cross in 1989 after being selected to  serve as a speaker on ``The Lutheran Hour'' radio program at Lutheran  Hour Ministries. ``The Lutheran Hour'' is the world's oldest  continually broadcast gospel radio program, first airing in 1930.   Dr. Meyer also hosted a national television show, ``On Main Street,''  for Lutheran Hour Ministries. In 2001, ``On Main Street'' episodes  received two prestigious Emmy awards from the National Academy of  Television Arts and Sciences, St. Louis/Mid-America Chapter. During  this time, he took part in some of his favorite ``milkman moments,''  including opening both the U.S. Senate and the U.S. House of  Representatives in prayer.    In addition to his published writings, Dr. Meyer served in numerous  leadership practices, such as third vice president of the Lutheran  Church-Missouri Synod, a charter board member of the Association of  Lutheran Older Adults, an honorary director of God's Word to the  Nations Bible Society, and as a board of trustee of the American Bible  Society.   Dr. Meyer finally returned home to Concordia Seminary in St. Louis in  [[Page H2355]]  2001, serving as the Gregg H. Benidt Memorial Chair in Homiletics and  Literature. He became interim president in 2004 and the 10th president  of the institution in 2005.   For the next 15 years, he could be seen working on the campus  grounds, attending ``Bach at the Sem,'' and strolling with Ferdie, the  oversized-in-body-and-heart golden retriever that became the quasi- mascot on campus and, sadly, recently passed away.   Dr. Meyer likes to tell students: ``It is a great time to be the  church.'' As the world suffers greatly from the pandemic, we are  grateful for his efforts to raise public servants to serve all those  who are hurting and to share the Gospel loud and clear for all to hear.   As Dr. Meyer begins his beautiful journey of retirement, he will  enjoy more time with his two grown daughters, Elizabeth, known as  Lizzie, Pittman and Catherine, known as Katie, Bailey; their spouses,  Darren and Charles; and their five grandsons that he refers to as Cinco  de Meyer: Christian, Connor, and Nicholas Pittman, and Andrew and Jacob  Bailey.   Madam Speaker, I want to personally thank Dr. Meyer and his wife,  Diane, for their ministry.   I thank Congressman Fortenberry for yielding to me.   