 Madam President, I come to the floor today on the eve  of what should be a routine vote in the U.S. Senate. Tomorrow the  Senate is scheduled to vote on a motion to proceed to the justice  reform legislation that we ought to be considering in the U.S. Senate.   It is important to point out to the American people what that means.  This isn't a vote yet on passage of the bill. It is not a vote to end  debate. It is not a vote to amend the debate. Any Senator can amend,  vote no, or offer different substitutes for the bill. This isn't any of  those things. The motion to proceed is a simple and rather routine  agreement to begin debate on a bill. Yet, here we are. It has turned  out to be anything but routine.   Senators on the other side of the aisle in this very Chamber are  threatening to filibuster the motion to proceed--filibuster even  allowing us to debate a bill of great importance to the Nation.   In terms the American public might better recognize, the Democrats  are threatening to filibuster the very issue--the very issue--that they  claim to care about. If you listen to them on television, if you see  them in the streets, talking to groups, they claim to care about it.  Welcome to the bizarre world of partisan politics and bankrupt  leadership on that side of the aisle.   On the same day that the minority leader will come to the floor to  urge the Senate to pass justice reform legislation, he will also  attempt to rally his Democratic caucus to block even starting a debate,  and they seem to be following him, refusing to even debate an issue  which is so key in the minds of the American people. He is telling his  Members to filibuster the bill.   Madam President, the JUSTICE Act deserves a debate. It deserves a  debate for the American people to see and to hear and to watch on  television. The American people deserve that. What they don't deserve  is partisan obstruction. What they don't deserve is a filibuster. They  need a debate. Amend the bill if necessary and then pass it. We want to  try to stop what happened to George Floyd--a murder that we all  witnessed--from ever happening again in America.   The American people know that. They took to the streets, and now they  [[Page S3144]]  are turning their heads to Washington, to the Capitol, and saying: What  can you do to make sure that something like this never happens again?   We have a bill that addresses all of these issues, a bill that is  ready to come for a debate. Yet, again, the Democrats are threatening  and are likely tomorrow to vote one after another after another to go  up and vote no to even beginning debate on the bill.   Incredibly, they began knocking this bill authored by Senator Tim  Scott of South Carolina with many of us as original cosponsors--they  began knocking this bill before they ever read it, before they knew  what was in it. They attacked it before it was released. While the bill  was still in the process of being written, they were attacking it. Then  Senator Tim Scott unveiled the legislation, and almost immediately the  Democrats decided to agonize over whether to block it. They were  agonizing over allowing a debate on the floor of the U.S. Senate-- agonizing over a debate. I mean, you could hear them in the halls: I  don't know. Should we get on it? Shouldn't we get on it?   What was the issue? Racial justice. We need to be focusing on that  and discussing it and passing meaningful legislation that will make  measurable progress. It shouldn't be a tough call.   Senator Schumer came and said: We should have a bill on the floor by  July 4. Here we are; it is before July 4. We brought the bill. It has a  70-percent overlap and agreement with what the House has to offer.   Here we are, yet Senator Schumer is telling his Democrats to line up,  one by one by one, and say: No, we don't want to debate or even discuss  your bill even though it has a 70-percent overlap in agreement with  what the House of Representatives is offering as a meaningful solution  to a concern that all of us have.   I don't say this often, but Senator Schumer ought to listen to Nancy  Pelosi because the Speaker knows we are not that far apart. The Pelosi  and the Scott bills share many of the same goals--much of the same  underlying legislation. Senator Scott says that they agree 70 percent  of the time on the issues. At one point, Speaker Pelosi said that she  would love to go to conference with what we have going on in the  Senate. The Wall Street Journal, last Wednesday, published a chart, and  it showed just how similar the two bills are--the JUSTICE Act in the  Senate and the bill that the House is working on as well.   The Scott bill ensures that both African-American communities and law  enforcement communities are protected. This is precisely why the  JUSTICE Act can and should become law. Without a doubt, this is our  Nation's best chance for change--best chance in 25 years. It is the  best chance to put the 1994 Biden crime bill in the rearview mirror. It  is a chance to pass meaningful reforms and a chance to make a law that  actually makes a difference--a difference in communities all across the  country and in the lives of people all around America.   So Democrats will be asked to vote tomorrow, and they have a choice  to make. They can continue to filibuster, to say ``No, no, no, we don't  even want to get on the bill to debate it'' or to offer amendments to  improve upon it, to look for common ground. Or they can do what  apparently they want to do, which is to continue the status quo, which  is not what we need in America today. They ought to be embracing  bipartisan reform.   The JUSTICE Act is not--as one Democrat on this very Senate floor  sadly described--a token. That is what he said on this Senate floor.  This reform bill is serious. This reform bill is significant. This  reform bill is substantial, and we should pass it. At a minimum, we  should at least debate it on the floor of the U.S. Senate.   Democrats plan to filibuster simply debating the bill. They should be  held accountable by the very American people that they claim they are  looking to help--claim they are looking to help. Well, they have an  opportunity to help all American people when we vote tomorrow.   So I urge my Senate Democratic colleagues: Do not filibuster this  historic bill. This is a wonderful opportunity to move our country  ahead. We can build on the progress of the last 4 years--opportunity  zones, permanent funding for historically Black colleges and  universities, the FIRST STEP Act. Let's build on this record. Let's  debate it. Let's amend it as we see fit, and then let us pass the  JUSTICE Act and send it to the conference committee that Speaker Pelosi  talks about, and then send a bill to the President of the United States  and have it signed into law and help our country move ahead.   Thank you, Madam President.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   