 Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman Engel for yielding and  for his leadership.   I rise today not as a partisan but as someone concerned about  America's future.   We have worked across the aisle with people like Representative  Meadows and others to stop our country from getting into endless wars.  There is not one party that wants to stop these wars; this is in our  national interest.   Now, let's be very clear. Soleimani had blood on his hands. Soleimani  was a bad actor. Soleimani killed Americans. That is not the debate.   The debate is whether America should get into another war in the  Middle East or whether we should be focused on our real competition,  which is China.   We are 21 percent of the world's GDP. China, our competition for the  21st century, is 15 percent. Iran is 0.44 percent of GDP.   China hasn't been in a war since 1979. We are in 40 conflicts.   Future historians will ask why we were so obsessed with a region, the  Middle East, with 3.5 percent of GDP, when we should have been focused  on investing in our country to build the future, to win the 21st  century.   I don't think staying out of bad wars that cost this country  trillions of dollars is a Democratic issue or a Republican issue.  Frankly, the President ran on this.   I know Leader McCarthy says this is a formality. Under the War Powers  Act, you are supposed to have a concurrent resolution.   My hope is the President will agree with this and not get us into a  war with Iran.    Madam Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman yielding.   I will make my final point. This shouldn't be partisan.   Here is what I would love to see, that the President says, in the  future action, he is not going to get into a war and that he agrees  with the concurrent resolution that this body passes.    Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the PFAS Action  Act.  [[Page H128]]    The facts are that the industry, the Pentagon, and the EPA knew that  PFAS are hazardous to health, yet we did not do anything as a Congress  until Representative Dingell had the courage to lead this act to get a  bipartisan group together. I salute Representative Dingell for her  leadership.   I am proud to have sponsored the PFAS waste incineration act. The  marked-up bill is included in the package. The provision requires the  EPA to ensure all incineration of PFAS waste is done properly.   I thank Chairman Tonko and Chairman Pallone for their leadership on  this issue and also the ranking members for at least their work on the  incineration part of PFAS and making sure that the waste is marked  ``hazardous.''   