 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to add my voice to the chorus  recognizing this important fact: tribal governments and Native American  citizens are disproportionately impacted by this virus. And the reason  they are so vulnerable is the historic failure of this country to live  up to its trust and treaty obligations. Obligations like providing  strong healthcare, education, and economic opportunities.   Mr. Speaker, the tribal set-aside within the Coronavirus Relief Fund  is not nearly adequate to right these historic wrongs, but it will help  make sure that tribal governments do not fall even further behind as a  result of the pandemic.   The Coronavirus Relief Fund is a lifeline for tribal governments. The  Navajo Nation is experiencing one of the worst outbreaks in the entire  Country, and Native Americans and Alaska Natives everywhere are more  vulnerable to this disease due to chronic lack of health care and  higher rates of pre-existing conditions. Additionally, tribal  governments without large outbreaks are suffering disproportionate  economic harm due to COVID-19 because they lack a tax base to replace  lost revenue from shuttered businesses. When tribal governments made  the decision to close their doors at tribal enterprises for the sake of  public health, they also made the decision to shut off the revenue that  supported vital government functions.   That is why the $8 billion we passed in the CARES Act and the $20  billion included in the Heroes Act for a Coronavirus Relief Fund for  tribal governments are so essential, and why we must ensure that all  Tribes receive the help they need. I am proud that this legislation  fixes a number of known challenges with the implementation of the Fund.  [[Page H2250]]    First, it clarifies that only federally recognized tribal governments  listed in the Federal Register are eligible for this fund. That was  always the intent of Congress--a conclusion that has been upheld in a  court of law--but it also is common sense.   Second, the bill clarifies that all of the funding allocated to  tribal nations must stay with tribal nations. If some Tribes are unable  to use their allocated money under the CRF by December 30, 2020, this  bill requires Treasury to reallocate those unused funds to Tribal  governments whose need was not met. Experience has shown us that the  impact of the virus is not even across the nation, and this provision  recognizes that fact. Additionally, it is worth noting that the bill  also directs Treasury to reallocate any funding that the Inspector  General recoups as a result of an audit and clarifies that any funding  a tribe returns to Treasury is not subject to interest.   Finally, this bill asks Treasury, the Department of the Interior, and  Tribal Governments to once again consult on the allocation of this  funding. As Chairman of the Indigenous Peoples Subcommittee, I have  heard from dozens of tribal leaders that the allocation process thus  far has been flawed. The Administration's decision to strictly adhere  to the Indian Housing Block Grant population formula has resulted in  dramatically inaccurate counts for many Tribes. To the extent that  Treasury feels the need to use population as a factor at all in further  allocating this fund, the Heroes Act requires the Department to use  population data provided by Tribal governments rather than IHBG.   Further, the fact that the only funds that have been released so far  have been based solely on population data has resulted in extreme  inequality amongst Tribal Nations, with many of the tribal governments  that have endured the most significant economic hardship receiving the  least economic support. To rectify this problem, the Department should  allocate further funding primarily based on economic factors, as well  as ensure that all Tribes receive a stronger baseline of relief than  the $100,000 previously announced by Treasury.   I am proud to support this bill and hope that it can be the first  step towards keeping our trust responsibilities to Tribes during this  crisis and well into the future.   