 Mr. President, I rise today to discuss the COVID relief  bill that I understand is soon to be brought before the House and then  to this floor.   I understand that we have finally, at long last, a deal that  hopefully will result in real relief for the American people. And there  is a piece of good news that I want to be sure to note, and that is  that this COVID relief package will contain direct assistance to  working people. For every working family in this country that needs it,  they will be, under this deal, getting a direct check just like they  did in March.   Now, that is a victory. There are no two ways about it, and we should  celebrate that victory not on our own behalf but for the many people in  this Nation who desperately need it and who, until just a few days ago,  could expect nothing at all in the way of direct assistance from this  body.   I want to thank those who worked so hard to make sure that this  relief was available and is going to the working people of this  country--not least the President of the United States, who has been  very clear, over and over again, that he wants to see direct relief to  working families, that it should be the cornerstone of the bill. Of  course, I thank Senator Sanders for his strong stand on this issue, and  it has been a privilege to work with him on it.   So this is good news--good news for working families, good news for  working people just before Christmas, when they need the help the most.   But I have to say that the levels of support that I understand will  be offered to working people are hardly adequate, and we should not  pretend otherwise: $600 per person, $600 per child. This is a fraction  of what was offered to working people in the CARES legislation just a  few months ago--legislation, I might add, that every Member of this  body voted for--every Member voted for. Now they will be getting only a  portion of that. It all adds up to about $100 billion. And we are told  that there just wasn't enough left over, that there just wasn't any  more available for working people.   Yet I notice that in the spending bill that we are also going to vote  on as part of this package, a bill that costs over $1 trillion, we  managed to have found $65 million for salmon recovery in the Pacific,  $643 million to carry out international communication activities in the  Middle East, $116 million for the Export-Import Bank, and $118 million  for that sterling example of international leadership, the World Health  Organization, which has done more to undermine world health in the last  year than I think any international organization in the history of the  world.   Then there is the so-called bipartisan proposal, which is the basis  for the present deal--the bipartisan proposal which included, I might  point out, not a cent--not a cent--in direct relief for working  people--almost $1 trillion in costs, not one penny in direct relief for  working people, until it was added recently. That proposal included $20  billion for higher education--$20 billion. This is going to many  universities that have massive endowments worth billions and billions  of dollars, most of that built on the backs of taxpayers, I might add.  Yet we cannot find any further funds to help working people in this  country.   I cannot help but note that working people were the last  consideration in the draconian shutdowns earlier this year that sent so  many of them home, that cost them their jobs, that cost them their  wages, that cost them their healthcare on the job, and they have  consistently been the last consideration in COVID relief in this body  ever since. Frankly, it is disgraceful and, frankly, it is  unacceptable.   So the work that we are going to do today--and I hope to see a vote  on this floor yet today on this relief--is a step--a step--in the right  direction, but it is only a step. And I hope that it will be the  beginning of a better approach, the beginning of actually putting  working Americans first, putting their needs, putting their  independence, putting their strength, their families, their communities  first.   That ought to be the economic policy of this Nation. That ought to be  the economic policy of this body. And I can assure you, that is the  foundation on which economic recovery will be built because it is the  working people of this Nation who power the American economy.   Don't believe anything else. We hear a lot about global capital. We  hear about the need to secure the financial markets--oh, and, by the  way, the Federal Reserve. We are taking back $430 billion from the  Federal Reserve in this piece of legislation--$430 billion from the  Federal Reserve--funded to the max. Wall Street--funded to the max.   But I say again: Wall Street, capital, the financial markets--they  are not the foundation of this economy. The working people of this  Nation, the working people of Missouri, the working people of our other  States--they are the foundation of this economy, and it is time that  they were put first--first for COVID relief, first in our economic  policy, first in all that we do.   So I hope that this effort to get them direct assistance will be the  beginning of a larger effort to orient our economic policy and the  policy of this Nation around the strength and the independence and the  needs of our great working Americans.   I want to end by saying thank you to them, thank you to the working  people of Missouri who have endured through this crisis day in and day  out, who have gone to work as essential workers, who have taken care of  children at home, who have missed shifts at work in order to care for  loved ones, who have contributed food to others in need even when they  didn't have enough food for themselves, who have gone without in order  to see that their children could eat.   The people of this country, the working people who have sacrificed  again and again and again and have borne the brunt of this pandemic and  have continued to show up for their families, for  [[Page S7859]]  their communities, and for this country--thank you. Thank you for  making this country work. Thank you for building this country as we  know it.   Help is on the way. Help is on the way in this bill, which I hope  will become law tonight. But there is much more to do, and I, for one,  stand ready to work to do it.   I yield the floor.   