 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia for  yielding.   I, too, want to urge a ``no'' vote on the previous question so we can  address Mr. Steube's resolution and hopefully pass Mr. Steube's  resolution, a resolution which is very basic, has four basic components  to it:   Justice for George Floyd's family. What happened in Minneapolis we  all know was a tragedy and never should have happened, wrong as wrong  could be, and George Floyd's family deserves justice, and our  resolution calls for that.   It also calls for justice for police officers and others who have  suffered violence, police officers like Patrick Underwood, who, along  with George Floyd's brother, Patrick Underwood's sister came and  testified just 2 weeks ago in front of the Judiciary Committee, serving  his community as a law enforcement officer, attacked and killed.   The resolution that would happen if we vote ``no'' on the previous  question also condemns all violence and the creation of autonomous  zones. There is a big difference between peaceful protest, exercising  our First Amendment liberties guaranteed to us under our great  Constitution, the greatest constitution ever, there is a big difference  between peaceful protest and rioting. There is a big difference between  peaceful protest and violence. There is a big difference between  peaceful protest and attacking police officers. And there is certainly  a big difference between peaceful protest and forming CHAZ or CHOP or  any type of autonomous zones separating from our great country. This  resolution condemns that kind of practice, as well.   And, finally, our resolution strongly opposes what I think is one of  the craziest public policy proposals I have ever seen, this idea that  we are going to defund the police. You know, it is funny because I hear  some Democrats say defund the police doesn't mean defund the police.  Well, change the sentence. It is three words. That is exactly what it  means.   Our biggest cities, the mayor of New York, de Blasio, has already  said he is going to defund the police a billion dollars. He got rid of  the plainclothes unit in their department.   Garcetti, the mayor of our second largest city, said he is going to  defund the police $150 million.   Baltimore, Hartford, Minneapolis, they went a step further.  Minneapolis, the supermajority of their city council--it is interesting  to point out, 13 people on the city council, guess how many of them are  Republicans? Twelve Democrats--well, excuse me, 12 on the city council,  I think. No, 13, that is right. Twelve Democrats, and one Green Party.  They have already decided they are going to abolish the police  department.   This is crazy. Let's vote ``no'' on this previous question. Let's  bring up a resolution that I think is consistent, where American values  are consistent with the problems we face, consistent with the serious  situation we are in. Let's vote ``no'' on the previous question.   I will finish with this, Madam Speaker.   We had a witness the last couple weeks in two different hearings, a  Judiciary hearing and then an Oversight hearing. Dan Bongino, former  NYPD, Secret Service, protected Presidents Clinton, Bush, Obama, worked  in the NYPD, worked in the neighborhood in Brooklyn, he talked about if  you do this, if we allow this concept, this defund the police concept  to happen, to take root and to actually take place, it will not only be  tough for police officers--we all know that--but the communities they  serve. What will happen there is frightening.   So I urge a ``no'' vote on the previous question. Let's take up the  Steube resolution.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, what happened to George Floyd last month in  Minneapolis was tragic, horrific, and as wrong as wrong could be. His  family deserved justice, and I hope they get that swiftly. Bad police  officers must be held accountable for their misconduct, and justice  must be carried out.   While we focus on rooting out the bad apples, we need to remember  that the overwhelming majority of law enforcement officers are good  people who put themselves in harm's way to keep the rest of us safe.   We need meaningful legislation that increases training, ensures  transparency, holds everyone accountable, and guarantees that tragedies  similar to what happened in Minneapolis don't happen again.   This moment in our great Nation's history demands that we work  together across the aisle to fashion legislation that works,  legislation that actually makes a real and lasting difference.   Unfortunately, Democrats haven't done that, and they show no sign of  wanting to do that. They didn't consult us when they put together this  legislation.   In committee just last week, Republicans offered 12 thoughtful and  good amendments, every single one voted down--every single one.   In the Senate just yesterday, Democrats voted to not even debate a  commonsense proposal put forward by Senator Scott.   Now, it is interesting. There was some bipartisan support for moving  to debate. Two Democrats and one Independent voted with the  Republicans, yet Democrats chose partisanship over real reform.  [[Page H2455]]    We need reform, but House Democrats have delivered a bill that is  designed to keep cops in the car; and when you do that, it makes our  communities less safe by preventing good law enforcement officers from  being able to do their job. That is what this bill is going to do. Now  is not the time to cripple the men and women who so selflessly serve  our communities.   This bill has serious due process concerns for law enforcement  officers.   Bad officers must be held accountable for their crimes. No one  disputes that. But this bill would punish unadjudicated allegations  against officers, including officers who may be innocent of those  allegations.   This bill will make our law enforcement officers less safe by  prohibiting them from obtaining surplus equipment from our Federal  Government.   We had an amendment in the committee that says: What about just  allowing folks on the border dealing with the cartels, dealing with the  terrorists they deal with down there, what about letting those law  enforcement agencies have access to surplus military equipment?  Democrats said no. That was one of the 12 amendments they said no to.   This equipment allows officers to protect themselves and the  communities they serve. For example, armored vehicles in Texas were  used to rescue people from rising floodwaters during Hurricane Harvey,  and helmets saved the lives of officers who were shot at while  responding to the terrorist attack at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando in  2016.   And this bill does nothing to address the calls for defunding and  dismantling police departments. Frankly, I have never heard such a  crazy idea. This concept, the most insane public policy proposal I have  ever heard--and I have been in politics a few years--will certainly  make our communities less safe.   It is a real failure of leadership that the Speaker and the chairman  chose not to even seek any Republican consensus, any Republican input  on the legislation. Rather than working with us in the House to put  forward meaningful bipartisan solutions, Democrats have rushed this  bill to the floor and have put forward extreme measures, knowing these  measures will not pass the Senate and will not get to the President's  desk.   Just last week, we held a markup for this bill. As I said, every  single one of the Republican amendments were rejected by my Democrat  colleagues, all 12 of them.   Fortunately, President Trump has led the way and signed an executive  order last week that will invest more energy and resources in police  training, recruiting, and community engagement. We have consulted with  many of the law enforcement folks on our side, like the sponsor of our  legislation, Mr. Stauber, 20 years as a commander in the Duluth Police  Department. That community engagement is essential. That is what is  also in the President's executive order, this in addition to his many  achievements over the past 3\1/2\ years, including record low  unemployment, a booming economy, the 2017 tax cuts, the USMCA, the  FIRST STEP Act, and the list goes on and on.   Senator Scott's bill, which as I said Mr. Stauber introduced in the  House, also gets to the heart of the issue without hamstringing the men  and women who faithfully serve our communities. It focuses on training,  accountability, and transparency.    It provides additional training for our law enforcement officers in  de-escalation tactics and the duty to intervene when an officer is  observing excessive use of force. It provides more funding for body  cameras and for the storage of the footage.   It prevents bad officers from going from department to department and  creates an enhanced penalty for the falsifying of police reports. It is  a bill that has the right answers and a bill that should pass the  Senate and get signed into law by the President.   Now is the time for us to come together as Americans and continue to  make this country the greatest nation ever.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I would just point out, the chairman of  the committee said that Democrats rejected Senator Scott's bill  yesterday. Not all of them. Not all of them. A couple of them voted for  it--bipartisan support. In fact, that is the only proposal that has  bipartisan support right now--Senator Scott's bill. In fact, it has  tri-partisan support because one of the Independents in the Senate  voted for it. So it is not accurate to try to characterize Senator  Scott's legislation the way the chairman did.   Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from  North Carolina (Mr. Hudson).    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Johnson).    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Before yielding, I just point out, I can't believe the chairman of  the Judiciary Committee would utter such a statement on the House  floor, but he said, ``Imaginary things like antifa.'' They are not  imaginary; they are real. And if you don't believe me, go talk to Andy  Ngo, the journalist in Portland who was attacked by antifa, who the  President of the United States designated as a terrorist organization.   And to have the chair of the Judiciary Committee on the House floor  say these words: ``Imaginary things like antifa''? They are far from  imaginary. And there are people in every major city in this country who  know that, and yet the chair of the Judiciary Committee just made that  statement. That is scary.   So when we say we weren't consulted and they talk about--when you  have that kind of attitude, we had good, thoughtful amendments in that  committee. No, no, no, we can't deal with it, because their attitude is  antifa is imaginary. It is far from that. Go ask that journalist in  Portland, who just a year ago was beaten up by these individuals. That  is ridiculous.   I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Chabot).    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Collins).    Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from Florida (Mr. Rutherford).    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman from Florida (Mr. Rutherford).    Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from New York (Mr. King), who, for 28 years, has served his  fine constituents.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that I be  permitted to control the balance of our time.    Madam Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to  the gentleman from the State of Arizona (Mr. Biggs), chairman of the  Freedom Caucus, and my good friend and great Member.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Gonzalez).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to  the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Cline), a member of the Judiciary  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from Florida (Mr. Steube), a member of the Oversight  Committee and the Judiciary Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the  gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. Armstrong), and I ask unanimous  consent that he may control that time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to  the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. Armstrong).    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Scalise), the minority whip.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. McCarthy), the Republican leader and my good friend.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, we just heard the Democratic Conference Chair say  [[Page H2484]]  Speaker Pelosi rose to the occasion. Calling Republican Senators  murderers is rising to the occasion?   We have had all kinds of new definitions today.   First, we hear from the committee chair of the Judiciary Committee  that antifa is imaginary, and now we heard from the Democratic  Conference Chair that the Speaker rose to the occasion when she uses  language like she did to describe Republican Senators.   And, oh, by the way, it wasn't just Republican Senators who voted for  Tim Scott's bill. There were two Democrat Senators who voted for it,  and an Independent. And somehow we get that language, the Speaker of  the House--as the Republican leader said, the individual second in line  to the President--rising to the occasion using language like that,  preceded by the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, the committee  focused on the rule of law, focused on the Constitution, saying an  organization the President of the United States has called terrorists  is imaginary? That is what we hear on the House floor?   I appreciate the Republican leader's remarks. I thought they were  right on target.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   It seems to me four principles should frame our work in putting  together policies that help the country.   First and foremost, we need to recognize, as we all do, the tragedy  that took place in Minneapolis. The taking of George Floyd's life was  just that, a tragedy. It never should have happened. As I have said  before, it is as wrong as wrong can be, and his family deserves  justice, as do others.   The Republican leader mentioned Pat Underwood. His death was as wrong  as wrong can be, and his family deserves justice as well.   Second, we should condemn violence and also the creation of any type  of autonomous zone that is separate from our great country.   I said this earlier today. There is a big difference between peaceful  protest and some of the things we have seen. Peaceful protest, that is  First Amendment. We have all engaged in it. That is apple pie. That is  America.   But peaceful protest is different than the rioting we have seen.  Peaceful protest is different than the looting we have seen. Peaceful  protest is different than the violence we have witnessed, the attacking  of people, the taking of people's businesses and destroying them.  Peaceful protest is different than CHAZ and CHOP and these autonomous  zones that are forming.   Third, the vast majority--vast, vast majority--of police officers are  good, good people doing great work, risking their lives every time they  put the uniform on and serve their shift, do their duty.   They are the guys who protect us here on Capitol Hill. They are the  folks who rushed into the Twin Towers on 9/11. They are the guys and  gals back home, men and women back home, who protect our communities,  and we should remember that.   Fourth, defunding the police is crazy, one of the most crazy ideas I  have ever heard.   You have the mayor of New York, as I said earlier today, the mayor of  New York is going to cut the police a billion dollars. You have the  mayor of LA, our second largest city, going to cut the police $150  million. You have a supermajority on the city council of Minneapolis  that wants to abolish the police and so many other major cities where  they are talking about the same thing.   This Congress started off with Democrats saying abolish ICE. Then it  moved to, no, let's get rid of the whole Department of Homeland  Security. Now, we have Democrats in big cities around our country  saying defund the police, get rid of police departments. It makes no  sense.   Those four principles seem to me should be common sense and should  form the framework for us to work together and form policy. But  unfortunately, the Democrats didn't want to work together. We saw it  yesterday in the Senate. We saw it last week in the House, in the  committee. We are seeing it today on the floor.   Twelve amendments offered last week, none accepted. No amendments  allowed on the floor today. Yesterday, we weren't even allowed to  debate it, couldn't even move to debate in the United States Senate.   But as I said, the only bipartisanship we have seen on this issue in  the last several weeks on Capitol Hill was yesterday in the Senate when  two Democrats and one Independent, tripartisanship, voted to move  forward on Senator Scott's legislation.   So let's hope, on this issue, this important issue and others, that  we can begin to work together for the good of the American people, for  the good of this great country--I would say the greatest Nation ever,  not perfect, greatest Nation ever though.   When you live in the greatest Nation ever, I think the people of this  great country want us to work together to find the solutions that make  sense, that make good common sense, and fit within those principles I  talked about.   That is what I hoped we could do. Over the last few weeks,  unfortunately, that is not the course the majority has taken.   I urge a ``no'' vote, and I yield back the balance of my time.   