 Mr. Speaker, my legislation, H.R. 6021, ensures the 1,700  small businesses in my district can receive assistance through grants  from the Small Business Development Center (SBDC) program and through  FAST, the Federal and State Technology program.   The Northern Mariana Islands is the only place in the U.S. not  included in these Small Business Administration (SBA) programs, which  help small businesses access the knowledge and capital needed to grow  and compete successfully for federal contracting opportunities.   H.R. 6021, the Northern Mariana Islands Small Business Development  Act, would correct that by ensuring Marianas businesses access to these  SBA programs on the same basis as their counterparts across the nation.  The Small Business Committee unanimously reported the bill favorably in  March.   Under my legislation, the Marianas can apply to establish a Lead  SBDC, which would make available renewable funding to expand the reach  and capacity of the existing SBDC service center on Saipan. With  additional funding, small businesses on Saipan, Tinian and Rota will  have better access to free or low-cost services such as incubator  workspaces for entrepreneurs, business planning, operations, and other  areas required for small business growth and success.   H.R. 6021 would also help our small businesses participate in federal  research and development opportunities. The legislation does this by  including the Marianas in the SSA's FAST program which funds outreach  and assistance to small businesses interested in competing for the  Small Business Innovation Research and Small Business Technology  Transfer programs.   I want to also express my support for H.R. 6079, the Microloan  Improvement Act, being considered by the House. The Act includes a  provision from my bill, H.R. 2603, which provides Marianas small  businesses owners access to the SBA's Microloan program. SBA microloans  provide up to $50,000 typically not offered by banks for working  capital or the acquisition of materials, supplies, or equipment. The  program also provides marketing, management, and technical assistance  to assist the women, low-income, veteran entrepreneurs in my district.   I ask my colleagues to support H.R. 6021 and H.R. 6079, so we can be  sure that all small businesses in our country can fully benefit from  the SBA's programs, regardless of where in our nation they happen to  operate.   