 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I just listened to my friend the  Republican leader. The Republican leader is so tied in a knot by his  own caucus and his President that all he can do is give Alice-in- Wonderland, partisan speeches. All he can do is threaten to force sham  votes that will not pass and will not answer the anguished cries for  help that are coming from so many of our fellow Americans.   On the other hand, over the weekend and yesterday, Speaker Pelosi and  I continued our negotiations with the White House on the next phase of  COVID-relief legislation. After a week of stalled talks because  Republicans could not articulate a position on hardly anything, I  believe we are making progress. We came closer together on several  issues; however, we remain far apart on a number of issues, but we are  finally moving in the right direction.   At the moment, the gap between our two parties in the negotiations is  about priorities and about scale. As this huge crisis engulfs our  Nation, Democrats believe we need a bold, strong, and vigorous response  from the Federal Government. It will take a lot of resources, but if we  don't commit those resources now, for sure the costs will only grow in  the months to come.   Democrats are fighting to meet the needs of a desperate nation. Our  Republican friends, however--President Trump, his aides, and the  Republicans in the Senate--do not seem to appreciate the gravity of the  situation. They do not understand the needs of the country that are so  great, and they are not stepping up to meet those needs. This disease  has washed over our country like a great flood, and Republicans  [[Page S4681]]  are acting as if we need to fix a leaky faucet.   Some of our Republican friends seem to be going through the motions,  content to pass a bill--any bill so they can check a box and go home-- but a bill that doesn't come close to meeting the needs of America. We  cannot do that. We cannot pass an inadequate bill and then go home  while the virus continues to spread, the economy continues to  deteriorate, and the country gets worse. No box checking will work. We  need real action.   We need a relief package that actually rescues American families,  American schools, and American businesses; that helps defeat this evil  virus and prevents our economy from sliding into a depression.  Democrats are going to keep fighting until we get there.   Republicans on both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue are not yet awake to  the enormity of the challenge, and we see it across a whole range of  issues.   For example, Democrats believe we have an obligation to help every  American put food on the table. Our Republican friends start  negotiating by saying they don't think we need to do anything to help  hungry families and children, but maybe they can compromise and help  feed a small percentage. That is not going to cut it. Let's say 1  million families can't feed their kids. The Republican bill has zero,  and we cover all 1 million. To say ``Let's compromise and only cover  half of them'' is cruel and not going to solve the problem.   We want to see all our schools reopen in the fall, but they need the  resources and guidance to do it safely--not 25 percent of the  resources, not half. Schools need funding for masks and PPE, for  converting space into more socially distant classrooms, for updating  their ventilating systems. Some need to double the number of buses to  keep from packing kids together on the morning route to school. It is  going to cost money, and the Republicans have to understand that.  Parents must have confidence that if their school is going to reopen,  it has the protocols and infrastructure in place to keep their children  safe.   It is the same with unemployment. Over 50 million Americans have  filed for unemployment with millions more filing new claims each week.  We proposed extending the enhanced unemployment benefits that Democrats  secured in the CARES Act through the end of the year. The policy has  kept as many as 12 million Americans out of poverty and boosted  consumer spending--one of the few bright spots in our economy. But  Republicans are intent on slashing those benefits or letting them  expire long before the crisis is over. One Republican proposal would  give newly out-of-work Americans a 30-percent pay cut; another would  give them a 33-percent pay cut.   The Trump administration's own Department of Labor warned us that  these proposals, which would pay a percentage of a worker's former  wage, are patently unworkable. It will take weeks and months if we  adopt the Republican proposal before any checks wind up in the hands of  millions of Americans, and our State unemployment offices that  administer this program agree.   So Republicans need to step up to the plate and work with us to find  a solution that shields millions of jobless Americans from further  economic hardship. State, local, and Tribal governments have fought  this evil virus on their frontlines with budgets strained. They are at  risk of shedding teachers, firefighters, bus drivers, sanitation  workers, slashing public services.    My good friend Senator Carper is leading a group of Democratic  Senators to talk about these issues today because Senate Republicans  and the White House do not believe in giving support to our State and  local governments. That is not an abstract concept. Again, these are  firefighters and teachers and bus drivers and healthcare workers. We  don't care if they are a blue State or red State; they need the help.   We must also address our elections and make sure that Americans can  vote safely and confidently with the new challenges of coronavirus for  the first time in a national election. That means they need to be able  to vote in-person and by mail, whichever they choose. Adequate funding  for State election systems in the post office shouldn't be a partisan  issue. This is about preserving elections, making them fair, making  every ballot count. That is the wellspring of our democracy, and it is  COVID-related, and our Republican friends are resisting.   We are still fighting to get enough funding for testing and contact  tracing. It is extraordinarily frustrating that 7 months into this  crisis Democrats still have to argue with our Republican colleagues  about delivering enough support for testing, contact tracing, Medicaid,  and our healthcare system.   These are just some of the many issues we need to work through. When  people ask ``What is holding things up?'' it is our view that not only  are our Republican friends disorganized and all over the lot, not only  is President Trump tweeting about so many different things but not  taking any leadership in this crisis but, most of all, that we must  meet the needs of this enormous crisis and really help the American  people. We need a strong, robust bill. We are working hard for that.  Our Republican colleagues, inch by inch, are beginning to see the  light. I hope more of them will.   There are so many issues we must work through. Democrats want to get  a deal done, but we need answers for all of them--not just a few. We  can't pick out one or two: Oh, we will help schools but not kids who  need food. That doesn't work. That doesn't work. We will help small  businesses but not the unemployed. That doesn't work.   We have a big, broad, huge crisis--the greatest health crisis in 100  years, the greatest economic crisis since the Great Depression--and we  have a lot of Herbert Hoovers over here who don't want to do anything-- a lot of Herbert Hoovers on the Republican side. Well, remember what  happened then: By not meeting the crisis head-on, they created the  Great Depression--the Republicans did--under Hoover. Let's hope our  Republican friends see the light and won't make that same mistake  again.   Let me remind my Republican colleagues, when there is a crisis of  this magnitude, the private sector cannot solve it. Individuals alone,  even with courage and sacrifice, are not powerful enough to beat it  back. Government is the only force large enough to staunch the bleeding  and begin the healing of the Nation.   One of the main reasons holding things back--there are so many  Republicans on the other side who do not believe the Federal Government  even has a role to play. Leader McConnell has admitted not once, not  twice, not three times, but four times that there are as many as 20  Senate Republicans who will vote against any relief package for the  American people.   Those Republicans, who seem to be the tail that wags the dog--and it  is a pretty big tail with over 20 votes--those Republicans don't get  it. We know you like the private sector over government, but there are  times when there is nothing but government that can step up to the  plate and solve the problem, and this is one of those times.   Faced with the greatest economic threat in 75 years, the greatest  public health crisis in a century, more than a third of the Senate  Republican majority will not vote for anything to help the American  people. Those very same Republicans gleefully voted to give a $1.5  trillion tax cut to help giant corporations pad their profit margins,  but helping Americans put food on the table, go back to school safely,  keep a roof over their heads, and survive a global pandemic--that is a  bridge too far. How out of touch can they be?   These folks cannot be allowed to dictate our policy. By their own  admission, they will not vote for anything. Remember that when Leader  McConnell claims that Senate Democrats are the obstacles to progress.  More than one-third of the Senate Republican caucus doesn't want to  vote for anything.   This week, our Republican colleagues have two choices. They can  engage in the same kind of political theater that preluded the CARES  Act. Leader McConnell can schedule a show vote on legislation that even  his own caucus will not support and, again, in his Alice-in-Wonderland  style, get up on the floor and say that Democrats are the ones blocking  it. He can engage in the same partisan maneuvers that have resulted in  failure and won't answer the anguished cries of Americans.  [[Page S4682]]    As I said earlier--and I want to repeat it--the Republican leader is  so tied in a knot by his own caucus and this President that one of his  only options is to give Alice-in-Wonderland, partisan speeches and  maybe force a sham vote that will not pass and will not answer the  anguished cries for help from so many Americans.   On the other hand, Senate Republicans could roll up their sleeves,  wake up to the crisis in our country, and figure out what they can  support. I think we are all ready for the Republican majority to figure  out just what that is.   What is dictating our policy and our positions on the Democratic side  is very simple: the national need--large, large, large. That is our  North Star, and we are going to keep pressing forward with the hard  work of negotiations, hopeful that we can get a deal done to help the  country in a time of severe crisis.   I yield the floor.   