 Madam President, Senator Grassley and I share a passion  that I think most Americans do in that it is time that we end this  stranglehold that the healthcare industry has on all of us because they  pose as free enterprisers, but there is nothing free about the way they  actually operate.   ``Free enterprise'' means you embrace competition. You are not  putting up barriers to entry. You engage the consumer so that they can  see what you are charging them. That does not occur. The alternative  will be as clear on the other side of the aisle; they want to make  government the business partner of healthcare. If the industry doesn't  get with it and start doing what all the rest of us do when we go to  the marketplace--embrace competition, be willing to compete, don't ask  for barriers to entry, and, yes, we tell the customer what we charge  them before they buy it. That doesn't happen in healthcare.    The market is opaque and complex. There is nothing free about it,  except that drugmakers are free to charge whatever they want. The  market is dependent on government-sanctioned rebates and monopolies by  the FDA exclusivities and patent abuse. It is time to fix this. PBM may  not mean much to the public, but it stands for pharmacy benefit  managers. This is a structure of middleman that is not present in other  industries. Normally, with transparency, prices cascade down through  the system in a way that everybody can see it, and the successful  survivors in that industry have performed because they give good value  to their customers; they keep their overhead low; and they earn the  business.   PBMs use techniques like spread pricing. Normally, there is a  spread--you buy it for this and sell it for that--but not where people  can't see it. It is time that we get away from this complexity and the  opaqueness of it because the day of reckoning will come, and the day of  reckoning is not too far away.   I recently came from the business world. No one likes the healthcare  industry other than the CEOs and owners of these businesses. All of us  who have to deal with them are just asking for that one simple thing:  Show us what things cost. Quit hiding it. Insurance companies have  these secret deals with hospitals, with pharma, and it is starting to  cost too much. It shows up in the fact that it is nearly 20 percent of  our GDP in the United States, and it costs almost half of that in most  other developed countries. The sad thing is, the results aren't any  better. In many cases, the results are better at a price that is half  the cost.   Both Chairman Grassley and I have talked with President Trump.  President Trump has been the most vocal individual in DC about trying  to get the industry to work like the rest of us entrepreneurs do. Every  time he has an Executive order, they take him to court. That is ending  because just recently the hospitals tried that, and the district court  overturned it. They will probably appeal it, and, hopefully, the  appellate court will overturn it.   I have a transparency bill which is as simple as: Show us what you  are charging us before we engage your service.  [[Page S4393]]  Mr. Grassley has the same thing basically on drug pricing. Let me tell  you how that works.   This is a real live experiment that I put into place 12 years ago. I  was so sick and tired of the insurance agents coming in and telling me  how lucky I was that it was only going up 5 to 10 percent this year. I  didn't think I was very lucky. My company wasn't large enough to spend  a lot of time on it. When we got to be 300 employees, that starts to  add up. Now we have 1,000 employees. Thank goodness my kids have to  deal with that with a good, young executive team, but I put something  in place 12 years ago that I am proud of.   I said enough was enough. What do we have that is really going to  change the dynamic? You have to remember, this is 12 years ago--talk  about trying to find transparency then. We were lucky that we were  large enough to self-insure. By doing that, we probably saved close to  25 percent, and by engaging our employees in their own well-being and  incentivizing them to shop around to enable their ability to find  better prices, it was even there if you looked for it hard back then.  Long story short, we have not had a premium increase at my company in  12 years. I am proud of that. We covered preexisting conditions with no  caps on coverage because we took a radical change to how healthcare  should be bought by the consumer, the employer, and forced the  transparency out of a system that wasn't giving much of it then.   Now there is more transparency, but it is just on the fringes. If you  get that to happen, prices will cascade down through the system.  President Trump had another Executive order for pharma--all these  expensive drugs you see advertised--to put the price along with the  advertisement. A lot of times it is deceptive--you can get it for as  little as $5 a month. Well, somebody is paying for that $60,000 or  $70,000 drug. Generally, it is the employer, and the employee some of  it, but it is, again, due to the fact that we can't see anything.   Americans are blindfolded from prices, only to receive medical bills,  often, that arrive 2 months later. They have no idea, and they open up  the envelope with trepidation. Oh my goodness. It wasn't what I thought  it would be. More often than not, it is: Oh, my gosh. This is terrible.  It has got to end.   It would be different if we were asking for something that is  radical. What we are asking for is tell us what you are charging us  before we have to engage your services.   That is why it is so important. The White House is behind it.  Hopefully, the other side of the aisle will get behind it. Support  Chairman Grassley's bill, the Prescription Drug Pricing Reduction Act,  and support my bill, the Healthcare Price Transparency Act. The story I  told you about my own company would happen across the country, and we  wouldn't be complaining about these surprise billings. We wouldn't be  holding our breath. We would simply be doing what all educated  consumers do when they go to buy from a truly free enterprise.   I yield the floor.   