 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4866, the  National Centers of Excellence in Continuous Pharmaceutical  Manufacturing Act, a bill I introduced with my colleague, Energy and  Commerce Committee Chairman Frank Pallone.   In 2016, I was proud to work with my fellow committee members on the  21st Century Cures Act, which included legislation to issue grants for  institutions of higher education to study the process of continuous  pharmaceutical manufacturing. H.R. 4866, which we are considering  today, builds on this partnership established in the Cures Act.   Continuous manufacturing for pharmaceuticals is a new technology that  allows for drugs to be produced in a continuous stream, helping drugs  get into the market faster. This is something that has become  increasingly important during the COVID-19 pandemic. We need to ensure  that our drug supply chain does not depend too heavily on other  countries, such as China.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4866.    Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, the  Safeguarding Therapeutics Act.   Last year, I had the opportunity to visit the international mail  facility at JFK Airport in New York.   When counterfeit drugs come through the mail facilities, the FDA has  the authority to destroy it. However, if that counterfeit drug is  attached to a syringe, it therefore constitutes a medical device, and  the FDA does not currently have the authority to destroy counterfeit  medical devices. Instead, in most cases, they are mailed back to where  they came from, where they are repackaged and sent right back to the  United States.   After visiting the mail facility, I joined with my colleague,  Representative Eliot Engel, to fix this, introducing the Safeguarding  Therapeutics Act. This commonsense, bipartisan bill will give the FDA  the authority to destroy counterfeit medical devices at entry points  into our country. These include items such as combination products,  like injections and vaccines. If allowed into the country, these  products could end up on the black market and harm American patients.   The Safeguarding Therapeutics Act has become especially important now  that the country is facing the COVID-19 pandemic. We have already seen  instances of counterfeit COVID-19 tests and products claiming to cure  COVID being sent to the United States. Bad actors are marketing tests  and treatments that have not been approved by the FDA or the CDC.   We need to give the FDA the ability to destroy these products as they  enter the United States. While our Nation continues to grapple with the  coronavirus pandemic, the last thing we need is fake COVID-19 tests and  products in our market.    Also, in going to the JFK Airport, you are standing there with the  personnel, men and women who are wearing the uniform of our country,  receiving this mail moving forward. We gave them the authority: If it  is a drug, they can destroy it if it is counterfeit; if it is a device,  it is an interpretation, but they don't have the authority to move  forward.   They even told me that sometimes they open the package, see that it  is counterfeit, and they have to return it. They close the package,  return it, and they will see the same package come back through the  exact way that they taped it.   So we need to give them the authority. It doesn't make sense. It is a  commonsense approach.   Eliot Engel and I made this bipartisan. I think every American  citizen says that is not the way we want to operate, and particularly  in this time and this pandemic, and there are people trying to take  advantage of this time and this pandemic.   Madam Speaker, I appreciate bringing this to the floor today. I  appreciate the hard work of the Committee on Energy and Commerce.   I thank Representative Engel. I don't think he represents JFK, but he  does represent the great city of New York.   Madam Speaker, I look forward to continuing to work with my  colleagues on the Committee on Energy and Commerce as they respond to  the coronavirus pandemic.   