 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman, my good friend, for  yielding.   I want to begin by responding to some of my friend's kind remarks,  the chairman.   We belong to different parties. We sometimes have our different  points of view in the committee itself, which means on occasion we are  going to be taking contrasting positions with one another, but I think  one of the common traits that we have is that we both revere the  institution of the House of Representatives and all of its procedures.   I think we also really respect the staff, the personal staff, the  committee staff, and, most especially, the professional staff of the  House itself. What an extraordinary role they play in allowing us to do  our job.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to join Chairman McGovern in paying tribute to a  dedicated public servant.   Tom Wickham, the House Parliamentarian, has served this House with  honor and distinction for the past 25 years and will be taking a well- deserved retirement at the end of this month.   Tom has expertly advised five Speakers and countless Members and  staff throughout his distinguished tenure. His exceptional knowledge  and understanding of the rules, procedures, and parliamentary precedent  has been invaluable to this institution, and he will be sorely missed.   Mr. Speaker, I am also proud to congratulate Jason Smith, the current  Deputy Parliamentarian, on his appointment as the sixth Parliamentarian  of the House.   The Rules Committee has the benefit of working with the  Parliamentarian's Office, frankly, more than any other committee, and I  have every confidence that Jason will lead the office with the same  standard of excellence his predecessors, particularly Mr. Wickham, have  set.   Finally, Mr. Speaker, I just want to take a moment to thank Chairman  McGovern for seeking my opinion during the process to select our next  Parliamentarian. That is not something he was required to do, but it  speaks volumes about his respect for this institution and the role that  the Parliamentarian plays for the minority, particularly on the Rules  Committee, that he was interested in our perspective on this important  decision.   Let me close with this. My friend, the chairman, said that Mr.  Wickham had seen everything.   Well, we are hopeful that you don't write about everything that you  have seen, and that you remember us as fondly as we remember you. But  the sad thing is not very many people get to see your work and what you  and your colleagues in the Parliamentarian's Office have done for each  and every Member of this institution. Even our own Members quite often  don't understand how indispensable your decisions and recommendations  are to each side, to facilitate a full and open debate, to make sure  that every person has an opportunity to express their opinion in the  appropriate way under the procedures and rules of the House.   So I just want to personally thank you for the extraordinary job you  have done for all of those who have the privilege of being Members and,  frankly, for our staffs as well, who work so closely with you and whom  you advise so frequently and so professionally. We will really, really,  really miss you, but we thank you for making sure that we had an  adequate successor in place in Mr. Smith and a superb supporting staff  that reflects your leadership.   So we thank you for your hard work in a very bipartisan way, your  professionalism, your decency, and, frankly, the honorable way in which  you have discharged your duties for 25 years.   