 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding. I thank the majority leader for organizing this Special  Order.  [[Page H7031]]    Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak for Senator Sarbanes' employees, and  especially for my sister-in-law Nellie Freeman, who worked for Paul  Sarbanes for 17 years, from December of 1989 to January of 2007.   I am not going to talk about all the amazing things about Senator  Sarbanes that his Maryland colleagues have eloquently mentioned. John,  I am definitely not going to talk about fathers and sons because then I  will start crying, but my dad, Sandy Levin, who served in this House  for 36 years, and my Uncle Carl Levin, who served for 36 years in the  Senate, many of them with Senator Sarbanes, both loved him very much.   But let me talk about Nellie and, by extension, his broader staff.  Nellie loved serving in the Senate on the staff, and she loved the  Senator. That is what she called him, ``the Senator.'' And   John  Sarbanes saw Nellie Freeman for who she was. He saw her talent and he  unleashed her to interact with the people of Maryland, of which she was  a native, to organize events, to organize his participation in  festivals and convenings of all kinds. And she just loved this work. He  saw the value in it and understood that the connection with human  beings is the essence of politics.   He once said that Nellie knew more constituents and more local  organizations than anyone else in Maryland. And, you know, I think she  is just incredibly proud of that to this day. I know that she shared a  camaraderie and an esprit de corps and a joy of working for Senator  Paul Sarbanes.   How you treat your staff and how you see your staff says a lot about  you as a public servant. Senators have a lot more staff than we do over  here in the House, and he really knew his staff and treated them great.   After Senator Sarbanes retired, Nellie went on to work for another  Senator, and then she retired. And when she retired, her current  employer, the Senator, couldn't attend her retirement party, but Paul  Sarbanes did. He showed up and he spoke about Nellie. That is the kind  of person he was.   So it is a great loss for Maryland and for our country. And I just  want to say to all of his former staff that you all don't get enough  appreciation. Our staff doesn't. Senator Sarbanes treated his staff  right, and I hope we all can live up to his example.   