 Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that the Rules and Administration Committee be  discharged from further consideration of S. 1247 and the Senate proceed  to its immediate consideration; that the bill be considered read a  third time and  [[Page S977]]  passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I really regret there is an objection  again to this bill which we have been seeking for floor consideration  in this body to debate and pass.   We have been asking for floor consideration of various election  security bills in the last several months--the PAVE Act, the Honest Ads  Act, and the SHIELD Act--but, sadly and unfortunately for the country,  the majority continues to stonewall. Our decisions are under attack,  our elections are under siege, and 2016 was only a dress rehearsal.   Just yesterday, Attorney General Barr announced that Trump's personal  attorney, Rudy Giuliani, is going to be feeding the Department of  Justice unverified dirt from Ukraine on the President's political  rival. In effect, the Department of Justice will become a political  tool for the President. He is weaponizing law enforcement for his  personal political end, and the Attorney General of the United States  is becoming an aider and abettor to that polarization and  politicization of the Department of Justice.   Only last week, for the first time in our Nation's history, we saw  bipartisan support for removing the President from office. The basis  for that bipartisan vote was, in fact, President Trump's illegal  solicitation of election interference from a foreign government.   As Senator Romney put it last week, Trump's demands of Ukraine  constitute a ``flagrant assault on our electoral rights, our national  security and our fundamental values,'' noting that ``corrupting an  election to keep oneself in office is perhaps the most abusive and  destructive violation of one's oath of office that I can imagine.'' He  is right. We cannot allow this abuse to become the new normal, and it  is fast becoming normalized.   My other Republican colleagues are running out of time to be on the  right side of history. Others have conceded that what the President did  was ``wrong. Inappropriate . . . crossing the line,'' as Senator  Alexander put it.   Senator Murkowski stated that she believed that ``the President's  behavior was shameful and wrong. His personal interests do not take  precedence over those of this great nation.''   Senator Collins, who first claimed that Trump learned his ``lesson,''  has since admitted that she ``may not be correct on that'' after the  President refused to admit any wrongdoing.   Now that Senate Republicans have let President Trump off the hook,  there is no doubt that he will only be emboldened in his efforts to  illegally enlist foreign governments in his reelection campaign.   What is happening with Rudy Giuliani, Senator Graham has said, may be  that he has been ``played by the Russians.'' That, in fact, is likely  what is happening, but the President's personal attorney, Rudy  Giuliani, may also be playing the President, and the President most  certainly will be playing the country if he uses the Department of  Justice for his personal political aims and enlists foreign  interference in our election.   That is why this bill is so critically important. The Duty to Report  Act offers my Republican colleagues the opportunity to start redeeming  themselves for their votes last week.   If they really believe the President's actions were wrong, they  should support this legislation. It is a very simple idea. Really, it  is so simple that a lot of people believe it is already the law--if you  see something, say something. If you see a violation of law with a  foreign government interfering in our election, if you see an attempt  to enlist that foreign government, if you see an acceptance of  assistance, report it.   The Duty to Report Act would require campaigns, candidates, and  family members to immediately report to the FBI and the Federal  Election Commission any offers of foreign assistance. Simple. It  codifies into law what is already a moral duty, a patriotic duty, and  basic common sense.   It is already illegal to accept foreign assistance during a campaign.  It is already illegal to solicit foreign assistance during a campaign.  All this bill does is require campaigns and individuals to report what  is already illegal to the FBI so law enforcement can protect our great  Nation. This legislation would ensure that if the Trump campaign or any  campaign were offered assistance from a foreign, hostile government in  a future election, the FBI would be informed and could act to protect  our country.   Let me repeat: 2016 was a dress rehearsal for what our intelligence  community is already reporting as ongoing right now in election  interference, and it is more than Russia. It is other nations. Already,  Iran has proved to be an active and present disrupter, and other  nations will follow their lead.   With the 2020 election looming, we need to stop this kind of foreign  interference and ensure that it is the American people, not Russia,  China, Iran, or any other nation, who decides who our leaders will be  and the direction of our democracy--and not just decide but also  influence and impact in ways that are opaque and concealed, pernicious  and insidious. We need to act to provide a duty to report.   I regret the objection to our unanimous consent request, and I,  certainly, along with my colleagues on this side of the aisle, will  continue this effort to fight to protect our Nation against foreign  interference.   I yield the floor.   