 Mr. Speaker, there are no words to  describe the pain that many Americans are feeling right now as we  grapple with the loss of our conscience, our friend, our inspirational  leader, John Lewis.   I am heartbroken. I am honored and humbled to have served alongside  him, to have had him take my children, as he has done for so many  Americans in the Faith and Politics movement through a historic march  in Selma, across the Edmund Pettus Bridge.   During one of those trips I was lucky enough to have my daughter  Laura and son Ray join me. Because of school obligations, they had to  leave early and were going to miss the march across the Edmund Pettus  Bridge. John wasn't about to let that happen.   He took the three of us in his car with him and we drove through  Selma, as he told them what it was like and what he went through. They  were both entranced by him and the story he was telling that was filled  with graphic violence of what they endured as they fought for equal  rights.   At the end of it, my daughter Laura, who was about 14 years old at  the time, struck by what he had just told her, rather innocently asked  him, ``Mr. Lewis, did you ever have fun?''   There was a pregnant pause and then John got the biggest smile on his  face. He told us that yes, they did. ``And in fact, at night, we'd  pitch our tents and sit around campfires and we'd sing and dance,'' he  said. His smile then got broader as he remembered. ``I can still see  Andy Young doing the jitterbug in his coveralls. And he could dance . .  . he could dance.''   Despite everything John endured, they were still young and full of  life.   One of the most inspiring memories I have of John Lewis is from 2009,  when we were fighting to pass the Affordable Care Act. The day before  we passed the bill, hateful protestors spewed racial slurs and spit on  John Lewis, Andre Carson, and Emmanuel Cleaver. Tensions were high  after that. The next day at Caucus, I asked John to speak. He brought  the Caucus to its feet, evoking the Civil Rights movement.   He said: ``Pay no attention to what went on yesterday. We have to  learn, as we did in the Civil Rights Movement, to look past this and  keep our eyes on the prize. So, I ask you to stay calm and stay  together.'' As he was walking away from the mic, he paused, and then he  stepped back up and said, ``Forty-five years ago, I walked across the  Edmund Pettus bridge arm in arm with fellow citizens who believed  strongly in Civil Rights. We faced far more difficult crowds than we  are facing out here today. Let's lock arms and go across the street and  pass this bill.'' And we did. We marched across the street, through the  protesters and passed the bill.   In 2016, I worked with John to take another stand. This time, we were  calling for a vote on the House floor on a bill to address the epidemic  of gun violence in America. After the 2012 shooting at Sandy Hook  Elementary, the House didn't take a single vote to address gun  violence, until Democrats took the majority in 2019. In 2016, after the  shooting at Pulse Nightclub in Orlando, John and the rest of the  Democratic Caucus had had enough. He called on the Caucus to join him  in causing some 'good trouble'. With that, we held a sit-in on the  House floor demanding justice.   Most recently, we worked together to strengthen Social Security.  Social Security is our nation's number one anti-poverty program and is  a lifeline for millions. It needs to be strengthened so it's there for  future generations too. Last summer we stood together outside the  Capitol highlighting how important these benefits are for seniors,  especially for Black seniors. He said:   `I grew up in rural Alabama, 50 miles from Montgomery, outside a  little town called Troy, and I remember how seniors lived before they  had Social Security. Most of the seniors in my district in Georgia  depend on Social Security for the majority of their income. Without it  almost half of Black and Latino seniors in this country would be living  in poverty. That's not right, that's not fair, and it's not just.  Social Security is more than a right, it is a promise. A promise people  paid into to secure their future. We can do better, we can do much  better.'   This year, even when battling cancer, he continued this fight.   I've been proud to call John Lewis a friend over my time in Congress.  In 2016, I was honored to work with the Bipartisan Policy Center and  Representative Tom Cole to establish the Congressional Patriot Award.  John Lewis and Sam Johnson, who passed away earlier this year, were the  first recipients. They were both authentic heroes. One held in  captivity by the VietCong and tortured and nearly beaten to death; the  other held captive by the Alabama Police, clubbed and beaten. They both  had a genuine focus on doing for others, not themselves. They were  humble, gracious, and kind, yet warriors for their cause.   John Lewis has forever changed our country. His legacy will live on  in the policies and lives he changed. We must continue to follow his  lead and cause good trouble.   