 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that there may  be portions where I may say a few words in Spanish, and I will provide  a translation for the clerk.   I ask unanimous consent to be able to do that.    Mr. President, we are here today once again to join  Senator Durbin, who has been on the floor with me or I with him I don't  know how many times now as it relates to this issue. We are here to  urge the Senate to immediately approve legislation that would designate  Venezuelans for temporary protected status.   There are some 200,000 Venezuelans who are currently living in the  United States. They are unable to return home safely, and they would  benefit from TPS.   We should be doing the right thing. We should be upholding American  values and offering them protection, but once again, our Republican  colleagues have blocked our efforts.   We know what is at stake. Venezuela continues to experience the worst  humanitarian crisis in our hemisphere. Its people continue to suffer  food and medicine shortages, levels of criminal violence akin to a  conflict zone, and grave human rights abuses under the Maduro regime.  As if that were not enough, Venezuelans face the alarming spread of  COVID-19 with a public health system in ruins.   For 7 years, Maduro's devastating abuses of the Venezuelan people  have left them with little choice but to stay and suffer or flee and  have a chance at survival--flee the political persecution, flee the  oppression.   In Maduro's Venezuela, families struggle to feed themselves and  children tragically die of treatable diseases. More than half of all  Venezuelan doctors have fled the country, and 40 percent of hospitals  lack electricity and 70 percent lack regular access to water. Senate  Republicans want to leave the Venezuelans who are in the United States  at risk of deportation back to Maduro's nightmare rather than take  action. Meanwhile, the Maduro regime is using the spread of COVID-19 to  further tighten its control.    Last month, Human Rights Watch reported that dozens of journalists,  healthcare workers, human rights lawyers, and political opponents have  been detained or prosecuted for merely criticizing or questioning the  regime's official statistics on the pandemic.   Take the case of Ivan Virguez, a 65-year-old human rights attorney  who had expressed concern on Facebook about ``quarantine centers'' that  had been set up by the regime. In response, police officers handcuffed  him to a metal tube in a prison yard, under the Sun for 2 hours, and  left him without access to a bathroom for over a day, causing him to  become sick with bladder pain. Ivan remains under house arrest and  without access to his criminal file and no due process.   (English translation of the statement made in Spanish is as follows:)   As Senator Durbin said, ``just today, the United Nations released a  report finding that Maduro's yearslong campaign of extrajudicial  killings and torture amounts to crimes against humanity.'' Yet  President Trump and Senate Republicans refuse to provide humanitarian  protection to Venezuelans in the United States.   The extraordinary conditions in Venezuela have forced more than 5  million Venezuelans to flee their country in search of protection. Last  year, I traveled to Cucuta, which is the border city between Colombia  and Venezuela, and I saw for myself the thousands of refugees and  migrants who cross every day. I will never forget their stories-- stories of heartbreak and suffering from people leaving everything they  have ever known behind--their homes, their loved ones--in an attempt to  survive.   We have applauded Venezuela's neighbors, including Colombia, Ecuador,  Peru, and Brazil, for welcoming Venezuelan refugees and migrants  despite their having far fewer resources than the United States. Yet  the Trump administration has failed to ensure that America lives up to  its history as a beacon of freedom and hope around the world.   Many Venezuelans in the United States today who would be eligible for  TPS are stuck in immigration detention. The Trump administration and  the Republican-led Senate have failed to grant them TPS, which leaves  them facing uncertainty and the fear of deportation. Many others who  have come from Venezuela to seek political asylum have been turned back  and deported--back to countries like Mexico and with all of the risks  that those border cities present. They have not even been given a  chance to make their political asylum claims.   So make no mistake: The Trump administration has all of the authority  it needs to designate Venezuela immediately--it doesn't need this  legislation--but the President has chosen not to. That is why we  introduced legislation that would grant TPS to our Venezuelan brothers  and sisters. The House has already passed a similar bill.   Now, I have had other issues here in the Senate for which I have had  to do this before, and I will do it again. I am not going to relent in  our effort to grant Venezuelans the protections they deserve. Every  time my Republican colleagues have wanted to stop our Nation from  ultimately making progress, we have had to shame them into submission,  and this is no different. I am not going to stop until the United  States truly stands in solidarity with the Venezuelan people.   If you don't want to give them TPS, let them make their claims for  political asylum, but then you take them and turn them away before they  can make cases for political asylum when we know--God--that there is a  good case for political asylum coming out of Venezuela.   Then we have had colleagues in the past, one being Senator Scott, of  Florida, who came and objected to our TPS proposal for Venezuelans. He  suggested  [[Page S5636]]  that we have to change all of TPS because, in fact, it had become more  than a temporary protected status.   Well, guess what. The Ninth Circuit Court actually made a decision  which I disagree with, but we call attention to the action that comes  on the heels of a disappointing Ninth Circuit decision issued on Monday  that says that the Trump administration's cruel efforts to strip  protections of over 300,000 current TPS holders is permissible. So  there goes the argument that, oh, well, TPS is permanent. No. The  President could have granted it, and he can end it when he feels the  conditions in Venezuela no longer should give the opportunity for  Venezuelans to continue to have temporary protected status. So that  argument is out of the way.   As for debating this in the Committee on the Judiciary, well, you  have had over a year to debate it since we started this. You are in the  majority. You control the committee, and you control the subcommittee.  You could have had the debates. We don't come to the floor lightly to  seek unanimous consent. We do it after having waited a considerable  time for the debates to have taken place--the debates you said you  wanted--but they haven't come.   There are people living, working, and raising families legally in the  United States who have Venezuelan backgrounds. Yet the President is  doing everything he can to line them up for deportation. Of those at  risk, 130,000 essential workers are among them, who have sacrificed  their health during this pandemic to ensure that all Americans have  access to healthcare, food, and basic necessities.   The administration's efforts are also endangering over 273,000 U.S.  citizen children who call a TPS holder ``Mom'' or ``Dad.'' That is  right. In the midst of a deadly pandemic, this administration wants to  deport the parents of hundreds of thousands of American children or  force these families to relocate their children to unstable, wholly  unfamiliar countries.   This callous disregard for TPS holders and the greater immigrant  community has to stop. We shouldn't wait for the Ninth Circuit's  decision to be appealed. We have to create a permanent solution for TPS  holders who have become integral to our communities and deserve a  pathway. The Senate should not only take up TPS but pass the American  Dream and Promise Act, H.R. 6, which passed the House with bipartisan  support more than a year ago.   What are we waiting for?   (English translation of the statement made in Spanish is as follows:)   Venezuelans deserve TPS right now. We cannot wait   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   