 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I am disappointed that we are here today to consider a  massive, impractical messaging bill instead of voting on real clean  energy solutions.   At the very first Committee on Science, Space, and Technology hearing  this Congress, I committed to addressing climate change and global  greenhouse gas emissions through science and technology.   My Republican colleagues and I have worked in good faith to create  bipartisan legislation that supports much-needed research and  development into nascent, clean energy technologies.   And when I say bipartisan, I mean truly bipartisan. My friend across  the aisle will try to characterize H.R. 4447 as bipartisan. But that is  not strictly accurate. This bill was written without Republican input,  and we were given one week to read and consider 900 pages of  legislative text.   Some provisions in this bill were considered and passed with  bipartisan support at the committee level, but they were changed  without consultation before they were included in this bill. Other  provisions have a single Republican cosponsor, which technically makes  them bipartisan, but certainly  [[Page H4874]]  doesn't indicate that there is widespread support from both parties.   Madam Speaker, we do have truly bipartisan bills on research and  development of clean energy technologies. We could be considering those  today.    For instance, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology has a  long history of strong support from both sides of the aisle for basic  research.   Why? Because without fail, basic research has generated breakthrough  technologies that have revolutionized energy production in America,  making it cleaner, cheaper, and more efficient.   Basic research at our national labs is pioneering technologies that  capture carbon emissions from coal, natural gas, batteries that store  energy from intermittent energy sources like wind and solar, and  advanced nuclear reactors that can provide cleaner, more affordable  power.   This is the kind of work that private industry generally can't  perform because it is simply too risky to invest in. Government-funded  basic research makes groundbreaking discoveries and American industry  then translates that into marketable technologies, making our economy  stronger, our energy production more efficient.   So why does this bill largely ignore basic research? H.R. 4447  doesn't include any support for the Department of Energy's Office of  Science, which drives basic research and represents more than half of  the Department's entire civilian Federal R&D portfolio.   Instead, the bill before us today spends $35 billion to increase  funding for every applied energy office at the DOE. While applied  energy programs play an important role in improving efficiency in  various industry sectors, they can only do so much. This bill is  throwing money at renewable energy industries that are already mature  and competitive, instead of investing in the next generation of clean  energy technology.   If you will pardon the farming analogy, this is like spending all  your money to build a better plow instead of investing in a tractor.   If we truly want clean, affordable, sustainable energy for Americans,  we can and must do better than this.   Madam Speaker, I have introduced legislation designed to boost  American competitiveness and address climate change. H.R. 5685, the  Securing American Leadership in Science and Technology Act, will double  funding for the Office of Science, update our research facilities and  infrastructure, and improve tech transfer. It is a thoughtful  investment in the future of American science.   And there are other bipartisan bills we could be considering today,  all of which have close Senate companions and strong bipartisan Senate  interest:   H.R. 4091, the ARPA-E Reauthorization Act, was passed out of the  Committee on Science, Space, and Technology last year after both sides  came together to negotiate a consensus bill that doubles our investment  in ARPA-E's high-risk, high-reward research while establishing  guardrails to make sure we are using our limited research dollars  wisely.   H.R. 5347, the Advanced Geothermal Research and Development Act,  authorizes cutting-edge geothermal research and development so we can  take advantage of this vast and largely untapped renewable resource.   And H.R. 2986, the Better Energy Storage Technology Act, or the BEST  Act, authorizes a crosscutting research and development program to  accelerate high-priority energy storage technology. This is critical to  more efficient and consistent use of renewable technologies, like solar  and wind.   Giving any one of these bills consideration today, would guarantee  more progress on clean energy technology than this messaging bill.   If we are serious about addressing climate change and providing  Americans with clean, affordable energy, we need to be serious about  the basic research that supports the goal.   Madam Speaker, I hope we can put aside partisan performances like  this and instead focus on supporting research into the next generation  of clean energy technology.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Weber), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Energy.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Babin), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Space and  Aeronautics.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Waltz), an esteemed member of the Science Committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentleman from Florida (Mr. Waltz).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Indiana (Mr. Baird), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Research  and Technology.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Idaho (Mr. Fulcher).    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, as I said in my opening statement, as ranking member  of the Science Committee, I am disappointed we are debating a messaging  bill today, rather than a substantive bipartisan bill, the kind that we  worked on to address clean energy and climate change.   I would like to thank my Republican colleagues, Energy Subcommittee  Ranking Member Weber, Space Subcommittee Ranking Member Babin, Research  and Technology Ranking Member Baird, and Representatives Waltz,  Crenshaw, and Fulcher, and many others for their hard work in  championing energy R&D issues that will truly deliver on the promise of  our clean energy future.   It is not too late to make progress. If there is one thing to take  away from this, it is that Science Committee Republicans are ready and  willing to work with our shared priorities.   So let's set aside this bipartisan messaging exercise and start  having serious conversations about supporting the basic research needed  to make real progress in clean energy.   Madam Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to oppose this  legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.   