 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I thank  the ranking member for all of his work here on this bill and so many  others to benefit the lives of our veterans and their families. I  appreciate it very much.   I strongly support S. 2216, the TEAM Veteran Caregivers Act, and, as  the sponsor of H.R. 6571, the House companion of this legislation.   Family caregivers assume enormous responsibilities by caring for our  wounded veterans, including many who are among our most vulnerable.   I introduced this legislation because one of my constituents, Ms.  Sharon Grassi, came to us with her concerns related to the VA's family  caregiver program. Sharon is the mother and caregiver of her son Derek,  a 100-percent disabled veteran who served multiple tours in Iraq and  Afghanistan as a combat medic. Since Derek's departure from the  service, Sharon has dedicated her life to securing the well-being of  her son.   Sharon told our office countless stories of her struggles attempting  to gain access to her son's VA medical records, even something as  simple as a much-needed copy of an MRI.    As many caregivers know, having timely access to medical records is  extremely important to move forward in the recovery process of the  patient. Sharon has had issues getting access to these records because  the VA does not formally recognize family caregivers in the health  records of the veteran.   Today, we are one step closer to fixing this issue by requiring the  VA to report to Congress on the feasibility and the advisability of  recognizing family caregivers in the electronic health records of the  veteran.   I will continue to work with my House and Senate colleagues and the  VA to ensure that no family caregiver goes through the same  bureaucratic nightmares as Sharon has.   Mr. Speaker, I thank all the caregivers who support our wounded  veterans every day, the Elizabeth Dole Foundation, Disabled American  Veterans, Paralyzed Veterans of America, and all the veterans service  organizations that voiced their strong support for this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I thank, again, my colleague from Tennessee, Dr. Roe,  for his service in Congress and his strong support of our Nation's  veterans. I will say I respect him. His leadership and expertise will  be missed in the Halls of this Congress.   Thank you, Dr. Roe.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to vote ``yes''.   