 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and  truly it has been a privilege to serve with the gentleman from Georgia  on the Rules Committee. I have learned a lot from occupying that seat  beside him there.   Madam Speaker, there is still a pandemic raging through our country.  Every community in this country has been affected, and community spread  is unfortunately going in the wrong direction as the virus rages across  our land. My home State of Texas has had over 1 million cases of this  novel coronavirus. We have been awaiting relief packages for months and  passing partisan packages does not help when our Nation needs us most.   Where has the sense of urgency been from House Democratic leadership?   In February I called for hearings on the coronavirus at the Energy  and Commerce Committee, and my requests were dismissed. Congress has  since provided support in the form of funding for vaccines, testing,  and more, but we should continue to support our Nation's pandemic  response in these ways, especially as cases are now raging across the  country.   We could come together to provide our country with the resources to  fight this invisible enemy. House Democratic leadership does not seem  to be up to this task.   My legislation, H.R. 8086, provides funding for the Public Health and  Social Services Emergency Fund to develop additional medical  countermeasures and vaccines. In fact, in the past 2 weeks we have  received incredibly encouraging news that early data shows two of the  coronavirus vaccine candidates to be more than 90 percent effective. A  safe and effective vaccine is the strongest arrow we could have in our  quiver to allow our people to return to normal. We also have new  antibody treatments that could be used in nonhospitalized mild to  moderate coronavirus patients.   At this point I would give credit to the administration that  recognized the need for these medical countermeasures, antivirals,  antibodies, and vaccines and really put the entire strength of the  whole of government response into Operation Warp Speed. The public  sector and private sector are now delivering on that promise, and we  are likely just days away from the Food and Drug Administration  providing emergency use authorization for one or both of these new  vaccines--again, vaccines that are over 90 percent effective--when we  didn't even have the genetic sequence of this virus until the end of  January. That is a phenomenal accomplishment.    But now is not the time to take our foot off the gas. The House  continues to waste its time on partisan bills that are going to be dead  on arrival in the Senate instead of delivering results for Americans.  There are commonsense, bipartisan ways to help our Nation respond to  the coronavirus, including my bill to increase funding for the  coronavirus response, Mr. Chabot's bill to improve the Paycheck  Protection Program, and Mr. Stauber's bill to fund better training for  law enforcement. But House Democrats have turned their backs on the  needs of America.   Madam Speaker, I urge Members to vote against the previous question  so we may take up these important measures.   