 Mr. President, I am very pleased to support the Great  American Outdoors Act. This is an effort that is many years in the  making, so I am gratified the majority leader has taken this historic  step for the future of our natural landscape.   When the President signs this bill into law, as he has indicated he  will do, it will do two incredibly important things. It will finally,  after 55 years, fully fund the Land and Water Conservation Fund at its  authorized level. It will also address the deferred maintenance backlog  in our national parks and public lands. This will be an historic  achievement to preserve America's most treasured places for generations  to come, and I could not be more proud to be a part of it.   As my colleagues know, I have long been a champion of LWCF. LWCF is  America's most successful conservation program. It is effective. It is  proven. And it costs taxpayers nothing. Over the years, LWCF has  supported more than 42,000 outdoor recreation projects. It has  benefited every State in the country. In North Carolina, it has helped  preserve parks, trails, and outdoor sites from the Great Smoky  Mountains to the Outer Banks. After a hard-fought battle by those of us  who have long recognized LWCF's centrality to our conservation efforts,  last year, Congress permanently authorized the program.   But there was still one essential piece missing: full funding. In  recent years, the program consistently received less than half the  amount it was authorized for. I must remind my colleagues that this was  essentially theft from the program. It derives its own funding to  achieve its $900 million level, yet we have given it far less than that  nearly every year it has been in existence. This bill will change that.  Going forward, the $900 million that annually flows into the fund will  finally be fully dedicated to the good things LWCF provides, from  securing access to recreational and hunting lands, to protecting  watersheds and preserving habitats for wildlife and endangered species.   In addition to fully funding LWCF, the Great American Outdoors Act  will address the deferred maintenance backlog in our national parks,  forests, and fish and wildlife refuges. My home state of North Carolina  is blessed with some of the most iconic public lands in the world:  Great Smokies National Park, the Blue Ridge Parkway, Cape Hatteras and  Cape Lookout National Seashores, Pisgah National Forest, and Lake  Mattamuskeet National Wildlife Refuge, just to name a few. Millions  visit these special places each year, and they support tens of  thousands of jobs.   Unfortunately, the Federal Government has not been able to provide  the resources necessary to maintain these treasures at the level they  deserve. For  [[Page S3034]]  example, at the Blue Ridge Parkway, as of 2018, the maintenance backlog  was over $500 million, but the parkway receives only $15 to $20 million  a year for maintenance work. This bill will help fill those gaps by  dedicating $1.9 billion a year from energy development on Federal lands  to address maintenance needs at our national parks and public lands.   We would not be here without the efforts of many people, but I would  like to give special thanks to our colleagues Cory Gardner and Steve  Daines. I have been on the frontlines on this issue for years, and I  know they worked extremely hard to build the bipartisan coalition  behind this bill. I would also like to thank my colleagues on both  sides who I have worked with for years to get to this point on LWCF:  Joe Manchin, Maria Cantwell, Lamar Alexander, and many others.   I encourage each and every Senator here today to support this  critical legislation. Future generations will thank them for it.   