 Madam President, our Nation has suffered a historic  loss in the passing of legal giant Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and I  fear the rush to replace her with just 44 days left before the next  Presidential election will have grave consequences for the lives of  millions of Americans.   As tempting as it is, I am not here to talk about the stunning  hypocrisy of my Republican colleagues who once opposed filling any  Supreme Court vacancy during a Presidential election year now changing  the reasons for doing so like a willow in the wind.   Well, make no mistake, their willingness to abandon their word in the  naked pursuit of power and deny the American people a voice in this  process is truly stunning. Today, I want to talk about the consequences  of their hypocrisy, not for our process here in the Senate but, rather,  for the lives and livelihoods of millions of families across this  Nation.   Everything Americans care about and depend on is on the line,  starting first and foremost with their healthcare. President Trump has  already declared that whoever his nominee is, his nominee to the Court  will vote to ``terminate'' the Affordable Care Act and reverse Roe v.  Wade.   The Trump administration is closer than ever to tearing healthcare  away from millions of people by overturning the law that gave it to  them in the first place. It is especially outrageous to see the  administration threaten the healthcare of millions of Americans at this  perilous moment in our history--with nothing, by the way, to replace  it.   Since the passage of the Affordable Care Act, they have said they  have a better plan. Well, now 11 years later or so, maybe almost 12  years, we have yet to see what that plan is.   We are in the midst of a deadly, once-in-a-century pandemic. A  staggering 200,000 Americans--fathers and mothers, sisters and  brothers, dear friends and beloved grandparents--are gone forever.  Meanwhile, millions of people nationwide are infected with the  coronavirus. To this day, many survivors of COVID-19 are grappling with  lasting healthcare challenges, from chronic shortness of breath to  lifelong scar tissue in their lungs.   We are still learning about the long-term health impacts of  contracting COVID-19, but here is one thing we do know: Every single  one of these survivors now has a preexisting condition that makes them  vulnerable to insurance company discrimination without the protections  guaranteed by the Affordable Care Act. That is in addition to the  estimated 135 million Americans who already live with common  preexisting conditions like chronic asthma, diabetes, and high blood  pressure, to mention a few.   Remember what it was like before the Affordable Care Act? A health  insurance company could refuse to cover you or provide your care or  even kick you off your plan due to your medical history. A child born  at birth with a birth defect couldn't get health insurance. The husband  who had a heart attack couldn't get health insurance. A woman with  cervical cancer couldn't get health insurance afterward--a preexisting  condition. We don't want to go back to those days, but that is exactly  where the Trump administration will take us should they prevail at the  Supreme Court, as this case is pending before the Supreme Court.   Now, despite what they say, the Republican mission has been clear for  a decade: to kill the Affordable Care Act, to strip away healthcare  from millions of Americans, all the while lying about how they will  protect individuals with preexisting conditions. It is shameless.   Just as dangerous is the prospect of a Supreme Court that will  overturn Roe v. Wade and roll back the reproductive rights of women.  That is what is at stake with this Supreme Court seat--the basic  principle that women have a  [[Page S5744]]  right to make their own private medical decisions. The American people  overwhelmingly believe that women, not the government, should be  allowed to decide when they have children.   There is no question that the right to choose is inseparable from the  past half-century of progress achieved for women's equality in the  United States. It is that progress that Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg  devoted her entire life's work to advancing--the right to pursue their  own destinies with full equality under the law.   It is not just healthcare that is on the line; it is our voting  rights, our civil rights, workers' rights, immigrant rights, and LGBTQ  rights as well. More than that, it is the right of the American people  to see their elected representatives enact the kinds of policies they  support, like bold action on climate change without corporate-backed  challenges at the Supreme Court undoing their wishes.   A Supreme Court nominee has never been confirmed this close to a  Presidential election. Americans are already voting as we speak. Should  my colleagues in the majority abandon all their prior commitments and  deny the American people the opportunity to make their voices heard, I  fear we could do lasting damage to the legitimacy of the Supreme Court.   This is an institution that rests on the trust and reverence of the  American people. Losing that trust and reverence is dangerous. It is  dangerous. It is dangerous for millions of people who will lose the  Affordable Care Act's protections. It is dangerous for women who could  lose their right to choose and all of us who do not want to turn back a  half-century of progress. It is dangerous for our economy at a time  when American workers and consumers find themselves at the mercy of  corporations that have grown larger and more powerful than at any other  time since the Gilded Age. It is dangerous for the future of our planet  and safety of our climate at a time when the West is burning, seas are  rising, and the Earth is warming faster than ever before. Quite  frankly, it is dangerous for our democracy.   We owe the American people a voice and a decision that will shape the  course of history for generations. We owe the memory of Ruth Bader  Ginsburg and her seat on the Supreme Court more than just another  political power grab   With that, I yield the floor.   