 Mr. Speaker, I rise also in support of S. 1342, the Great  Lakes Environmental Sensitivity Index Act of 2020.   I was proud to introduce this legislation here in the House with my  Michigan colleagues and also with Senator Gary Peters, a Great Lakes  champion on the other side of the building. During his time in the  House and the Senate, Gary Peters has been a staunch advocate for the  Great Lakes, and I appreciate his efforts over there.  [[Page H6110]]    Mr. Chairman, I represent 118 miles of beautiful Lake Huron  shoreline. In Congress, I am proud to lead the bipartisan effort on  this legislation to protect the Great Lakes.   This legislation, as has been stated, would update and prioritize  environmental sensitivity index maps for the Great Lakes. These  environmental sensitivity maps are detailed guides that highlight  vulnerable locations, structures, and natural resources along our  lakeshore.   First responders use these maps to respond in case of emergency and  to protect habitat, species, and structures that are most likely to be  impacted by an oil spill or some other disaster.   If one of those disasters occurs in the Great Lakes, our emergency  responders must have the most up-to-date maps and information in order  to respond quickly and effectively.   These maps are maintained by NOAA. Some maps in the Great Lakes,  however, have not been updated in decades. That is why this legislation  is necessary, so that our first responders have the most up-to-date  information to do their jobs effectively. We can't have one hand tied  behind our back when protecting the Great Lakes.   The Great Lakes are important to all of us. They support many jobs,  generate billions of dollars in economic activity, and provide drinking  water to 40 million people. We have to do everything we can to protect  them.   It also defines literally who we are. If you are from Michigan, you  can hold up your hand, and the contour of the lakes really defines the  shape of our State.   I would like to thank Chairman Grijalva and Chairman Huffman for  their help in getting this to the floor today. I want to thank my own  staff, Jordan Dickinson. I want to thank Rachel Gentile from the  Natural Resources Committee.    Mr. Speaker, finally, I want to thank my colleagues, the  cosponsors on this legislation, Representative Huizenga, who we have  heard from; Representative Dingell; Representative Joyce; and  Representative Stevens.   This is, as Mr. Huizenga said, one of those issues that allows us to  cut across the normal divides. We work well together in a bipartisan  fashion to protect the Great Lakes. This legislation is another example  of that.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   Miss GONZALEZ-COLON of Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to  the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Joyce).   