 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, tomorrow we will be voting on the two  impeachment articles sent over to us by the House of Representatives, a  process, as the leader pointed out, that really started from the very  day this President took office.   I will be voting to acquit the President for several reasons. First  and foremost, I do not believe the facts in this case rise to the high  bar that the Founders set for removal from office. The Founders imposed  a threshold for impeachment of ``Treason, Bribery, or other high Crimes  and Misdemeanors''--in other words, very serious violations of the  public trust.   The Founders were deliberate in their choice of words. They wanted to  be clear that impeachment was a severe remedy to be deployed only for  very serious violations. When George Mason proposed adding the term  ``maladministration'' to the impeachment clause during the  Constitutional Convention, the Framers rejected the proposal because,  as Madison pointed out, the term was too vague and would be  ``equivalent to a tenure during pleasure of the Senate.''   The Founders recognized that without safeguards, impeachment could  quickly degenerate into a political weapon to be used to turn over  elections when one faction or another decided they didn't like the  President. That is why the Founders split the impeachment power, giving  the House the sole authority to impeach and the Senate the sole  authority to try impeachments. As a final check, the Founders required  a two-thirds supermajority vote in the Senate to remove a President  from office. All of these things show just how seriously the Founders  regarded removing a duly elected President. They intended it as an  extreme remedy to be used only in very grave circumstances.   I do not believe that the charges the House has leveled against the  President meet that high bar. The House managers' presentation, which  stretched over 22 hours, included testimony from more than a dozen  witnesses. We also heard from the House managers during more than 16  hours of questions from Senators--in all, about 180 questions--and we  received more than 28,000 pages of testimony, evidence, and arguments  from the House of Representatives.   I considered all the evidence carefully, but ultimately I concluded  that the two charges presented by the House managers--abuse of power  and obstruction of Congress--did not provide a compelling case for  removing this President.   According to public reporting, House Democrats toyed with charging  the President with bribery, believing that it polled well, but they  didn't have the evidence to prove that charge or, indeed, to prove any  actual crime.   While allegations of specific criminal conduct may not be  constitutionally required, they anchor impeachment in the law, and  their absence is telling. Lacking evidence of a specific crime, the  House decided to use the shotgun approach and throw everything under  the catchall ``abuse of power'' umbrella.   Abuse of power is vaguely defined and subject to interpretation. In  fact, I don't believe there has been a President in my lifetime who  hasn't been accused of some form of abuse of power. For that reason,  abuse of power seemed to me a fairly weak predicate on which to remove  a democratically elected President from office. During the Clinton  impeachment, I voted against the abuse of power article precisely  because I believed it did not offer strong grounds for removing the  duly elected President.   With respect to the second article, obstruction of Congress, the  House took issue with the President's assertion of legal privileges,  including those rooted in the constitutional separation of powers. Of  course, every President in recent memory has invoked such privileges-- for example, when the Obama administration cited executive privilege to  deny documents to Congress during the Fast and Furious gunrunning  investigation.    The House could have challenged the President's privilege claims by  going through the traditional channels to resolve disputes between the  executive and legislative branches, that being, of course, the courts.  That is what was done in previous impeachment inquiries, like the  Clinton impeachment. But the House skipped that step in the hopes that  the Senate would bail them out and compel testimony and documents that  the House, in its rush to impeachment, was unwilling to procure. Again,  it seemed like a very thin basis on which to remove a duly elected  President from office.   The facts in the case are that aid to Ukraine was released prior to  the end of the fiscal year. No investigation of the scandal-plagued  firm Burisma or the Bidens was ever initiated. While we can debate the  President's judgment when it comes to his dealings with Ukraine or even  conclude that his actions were inappropriate, the House's vague and  overreaching impeachment charges do not meet the high bar set by the  Founders for removal from office.   My second consideration in voting to acquit the President is the  deeply partisan nature of the House's impeachment proceedings. The  Founders' overriding concern about impeachment was  [[Page S816]]  that partisan majorities could use impeachment as a political weapon.   In Federalist 65, Alexander Hamilton speaks of the danger of  impeachment being used by ``an intemperate or designing majority in the  House of Representatives.'' By limiting the House's power to impeaching  the President and not to removing him from office, the Founders hoped  that the Senate would act as a check on any attempt by the House to use  the power of impeachment for partisan purposes.   Unfortunately, the Founders' concerns about partisanship were  realized in this impeachment process. For the first time in modern  history, impeachment was initiated and conducted on a purely partisan  basis.   While the Nixon impeachment proceedings in the House are held up as  an example of bipartisanship, even the impeachment of President Clinton  was initiated with the support of more than 30 Democrats. By contrast,  in this case, House Democrats drove ahead in a completely--completely-- partisan exercise. Then they rushed through the impeachment process at  breakneck speed, rejecting a thorough investigation because they wanted  to impeach the President as fast as possible. Then they expected the  Senate to take on the House's investigative responsibility.   House Democrats paid lip service to the idea that they regretted  having to impeach the President, but their actions told a different  story. The Speaker of the House--the Speaker--distributed celebratory  pens when she signed the Articles of Impeachment and then went on TV  and celebrated the impeachment with a fist bump.   It doesn't require much work to imagine the damage that could be done  to our Republic if impeachment becomes a weapon to be used whenever a  political party doesn't like a President. Pretty soon, Presidents would  not be serving at the pleasure of the American people but at the  pleasure of the House and the Senate.   We need to call a halt before we have gone too far to turn back.  Endorsing the House's rushed, partisan, and slipshod work would  encourage future Houses to use impeachment for partisan purposes. Both  parties need to learn that partisan impeachments are perilous.   Finally, I believe that except in the most extreme circumstances, it  should be the American people, and not Washington politicians, who  decide whether a President should be removed from office. Presidential  primary voting, as we learned yesterday in Iowa, is already underway.  We have a Presidential election in November, when the people of this  country can weigh in and make their voices heard. I think we should  leave the decision up to them.   Indeed, given the deep divisions plaguing our country, as reflected  in the starkly different views about this impeachment, removing the  President from office and from the ballots for the upcoming election  would almost certainly plunge the country into even greater political  turmoil.   I am deeply troubled by the events of the past few months. I have  always believed that we can differ here in Congress while still  respecting and working with those who disagree with us, but Democrats  have increasingly sought to demonize anyone who doesn't share their  obsession with impeaching this President. One of the House managers in  this trial went so far as to suggest that any Senator who voted against  them was treacherous.   At one point, a Senator asked whether the Chief Justice's  constitutionally required participation in the trial was contributing  to ``the loss of legitimacy of the Chief Justice, the Supreme Court,  and the Constitution,'' with the clear suggestion that the only way for  the Supreme Court to maintain its legitimacy would be for it to agree  with the Democratic Party. We have sunk pretty low when we have come to  the point of suggesting that disagreement is unconstitutional.   But for all this, I remain hopeful. Congress has been through  contentious times before, and we have gotten through them. There is no  question that this partisan impeachment has been divisive, but I do  believe we can move on from this. I am ready to work with all of my  colleagues, both Democrat and Republican, in the coming weeks and  months as we get back to the business of the American people. And for  the Nation that we all love, I pray that proves possible.   I yield the floor.   