 Mr. Speaker, I am extremely fortunate to  represent a coastal district with many beloved beaches, lagoons, and  State parks. In California's 49th Congressional District, our public  lands bring outdoor recreation and joy to our residents, and also to  many tourists and visitors looking to catch some of our famous waves or  hike our scenic trails.   This defining aspect of California culture continues to make  communities in my district not only economically stronger, but also  active, healthier, and happier, with locals and tourists alike enjoying  all the benefits and spaces that the great outdoors offer.   The LWCF is famously known as America's most successful conservation  program. This historic bill is an all-around win for our communities,  benefiting local economies, and protecting our planet for future  generations.   Thus far, California has received approximately $2.5 billion in LWCF  funding over the last 50 years, which has helped to protect iconic  places, like San Onofre State Beach, Carlsbad State Beach, San Clemente  State Beach, Torrey Pines Beach and Nature Reserve, and several  flourishing lagoons, all in my district.   We are not just protecting those iconic places with this bill; we are  also investing in our fight against the climate crisis. By conserving  natural resources across the country, we are safekeeping critical  landscapes, fragile ecosystems, and important wildlife habitat which  are all part of the ecosystem we depend on.   As we continue to invest in coastal conservation of wetlands,  estuaries, dunes, and reefs, we are contributing to climate change  adaptation planning and protecting our coastal communities from extreme  weather events, sea level rise, and bluff erosion. These efforts to  combat the climate crisis are incredibly important for the 50-plus  miles of coastline in my district.   I am proud to support the Great American Outdoors Act, and I hope  this historic conservation legislation will soon become law, as it is  certainly among the biggest bipartisan environmental accomplishments we  have had in many years.    