 Mr. Speaker, we as a Congress have worked over the past  several years to combat the opioid epidemic and support the millions of  Americans with a substance use disorder. That work includes bipartisan  efforts to pass legislation like the 21st Century Cures Act, the  Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act (CARA), and the SUPPORT for  Patients and Communities Act.  [[Page H653]]    Just last month, in the Fiscal Year 2020 funding bill, we supported a  public health response to this epidemic with over $4 billion to help  with Federal substance abuse treatment and prevention efforts. Also  last month, the House passed H.R. 3, the Elijah E. Cummings Lower Drug  Costs Now Act, which included an additional $10 billion in funding to  support public health efforts at the Department of Health and Human  Services to combat the opioid epidemic.   Earlier this month, the Energy and Commerce Committee had a chance to  hear directly from States on how our federal support through these  legislative actions has helped save lives. Although we've witnessed an  improvement in the number of year-to-year overdose deaths, the  availability of synthetic opioids like fentanyl is hindering the  progress we've made.   Fentanyl is a deadly synthetic drug that is 50 times more powerful  than heroin, and 100 times more powerful than morphine. Although it is  used in medical settings, we have seen a proliferation of illicitly  produced fentanyl, fentanyl analogues, and its precursor chemicals  originating from China. Because fentanyl is relatively easy to make and  so potent, it is tragically leading to large increases in overdose  deaths.   We have all heard the terrible numbers that tell this story. In 2017,  there were over 47,000 opioid overdose deaths--and 28,000 of those  deaths involved synthetic opioids such as fentanyl. My home State of  New Jersey, for example, has seen a tenfold increase in deaths  involving fentanyl in the last several years.   A more complicating factor is that we are now seeing fentanyl  increasingly mixed into other drugs like cocaine, methamphetamine, and  even counterfeit prescription drugs like oxycodone. This means that  many unsuspecting people are dying at the hands of fentanyl when they  didn't even realize they were taking it.   Mr. Speaker, the nature of our Nation's fentanyl problem is more  complex than drug epidemics of the past. In addition to traditional  routes, users can purchase fentanyl analogues and fentanyl precursor  chemicals online. These purchases, which typically include the most  pure and potent fentanyl, are often packaged and shipped through the  United States postal system or consignment carriers in small  quantities, making detection a significant challenge. All these factors  combined make for complex problem, and requires a multifaceted  solution. Part of that solution is finding a way to support both public  health and public safety actions aimed at stemming the tide of overdose  deaths.   In February 2018, the Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) used its  authority in the Controlled Substances Act to temporarily place for two  years all illicit fentanyl-like substances in Schedule I. With this  authority expiring next month, we must do more to understand the true  impact of this temporary scheduling order, including its impact on  public safety, public health, research, and federal criminal  prosecutions.   That is why today we are considering S. 3201, the ``Temporary  Reauthorization and Study of Emergency Scheduling of Fentanyl Analogues  Act.'' The Senate bill would extend DEA's temporary order for 15 months  while also tasking the Government Accountability Office (GAO) with an  evaluation of the temporary order.   Placing a whole class of fentanyl-like substances into Schedule I  does not come without implications for criminal justice and research.  The National Institute on Drug Abuse within the National Institutes of  Health, notes that ``obtaining or modifying a Schedule I registration  involved significant administrative challenges, and researchers report  that obtaining a new registration can take more than a year.'' It is  critical that our response balance the need for legitimate research  access that holds potential for improved treatments for pain and  addiction, while also putting in place a more long-term solution to the  dangerous trafficking of fentanyl analogues.   This temporary emergency scheduling order also has international  implications. A year after the United States moved to schedule all  fentanyl-related substances, China announced it would act and do the  same. This class-wide control in China has slowed the rate of new  fentanyl analogue encounters in the illicit market. An expiration would  also put the DEA back in the position of playing whack a mole, and  taking action to schedule fentanyl substances one by one while illicit  traffickers continue to evade scheduling and find new ways to flood our  markets with deadly synthetic substances.   I agree with many of my colleagues that we cannot arrest our way out  of this epidemic. The complexity of the fentanyl crisis, and creation  of other synthetic drugs, demands a thoughtful, balanced approach that  protects the public health and public safety of all Americans. This  temporary extension, coupled with GAO's study, will give the committees  of jurisdiction time to work on a longer-term solution. It will also  give us the opportunity to solicit feedback to help us to better  understand the full range of implications that come with class-wide  scheduling of these substances.   