 Mr. Speaker, today, and as the underlying premise for this  legislation, we are hearing a lot of things.   Number one, we are hearing that the President recklessly escalated  our relationship with Iran. Wrong. The President responded to a series  of escalations from Iran, and he responded responsibly.   Our issues with Iran, this relationship, didn't start just in the  last few months. It started in 1979. It started with Iranians taking  our diplomats hostage. It continued with them sponsoring the suicide  attack on our Embassy in Beirut, with killing hundreds of marines in  Beirut, with bombing the Khobar Towers, with killing hundreds of  Americans in Iraq at the hands of its militias, and on and on.   Most recently, after the Iranians attacked international shipping,  attacked global oil supplies in Saudi Arabia, stormed our Embassy and  killed yet another American, finally, the President responded by taking  down the mastermind of many of these attacks over the years in a way  that was limited, that was precise, and that had zero collateral  damage.   The other thing you are going to hear is that this attack on  Soleimani, the killing of Soleimani, the head of the Quds Force, was  disproportional. I have to tell you, the families of the tens of  thousands of people across the Middle East that Soleimani and his  militias have killed, they didn't think it was proportional. They  thought it was long overdue. The Gold Star families, the American Gold  Star families who no longer have their loved ones with them holiday  after holiday, they didn't think it was disproportional. They too  thought it was long overdue.   Soleimani should have been killed years ago. I am grateful the  President finally took action.   Mr. Speaker, I would ask my colleagues how many more Americans, how  many more families, should go without their loved ones at the hands of  this serial human rights abuser before the President should take  action?   In fact, I, as a Member of Congress, would have been pounding the  table had he not taken action, given actionable intelligence and the  opportunity to do so.   You are hearing that the President assassinated a foreign leader.  Also wrong. A terrorist is a terrorist, and this individual was  designated a terrorist by the Obama administration. The Quds Force is a  terrorist organization, as decided by the Obama administration.   Whether it is al-Qaida and Osama bin Laden, whether it is ISIS and  Baghdadi, or whether it is the Quds Force and Soleimani, we have an  obligation to strike back at terrorism and to stop terrorism in its  tracks. The President had a duty and a responsibility as Commander in  Chief to take this action.    Finally, you are hearing that the administration has no strategy.  Also wrong. The administration withdrew from the Iran deal. It was a  bad deal, narrowly focused on one aspect of its program.   Its maximum pressure campaign is in place.    The Iranian economy is tanking. They came to the table in  the first place in 2012 to enter into negotiations because the  sanctions were working, and they will come to the table again. But this  time, this administration will strike a better deal that encompasses  terrorism, its missile program, and the fact that Iran is still taking  American hostages to this day.  [[Page H724]]  Then, we will get the entirety of its nuclear program in a much better  deal.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to step away from this partisan  bill, to vote against these bills coming to the table, and to support  the administration in taking on the world's leading sponsor of  terrorism.   