 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, my chairman is exactly right. We just came out of the  Rules Committee just about an hour ago, and we did report this rule  that does make in order a motion from the chairman of the Committee on  the Judiciary to concur in the Senate amendments. The Senate amendments  do take a small step forward in making the underlying language better  than it used to be, but we had an opportunity in the Rules Committee to  consider other amendments.   We had an amendment by Mr. Gosar, for example, that asked for  additional certifications from the Attorney General. We had a  bipartisan amendment from Mr. Davidson and Ms. Lofgren that would have  gone even further in protecting civil liberties. I regret the rule we  have today makes neither of those in order.   It comes as no surprise to any of us that we have some very  successful House work product that we could have added here, and we  made the decision to accede to the Senate language.   As I mentioned, just over an hour ago, Dr. Burgess, who sits on the  Rules Committee, and I were there.   Madam Speaker, with the chairman's indulgence, I yield such time as  he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Burgess) for any  statement he may have.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. McGovern), my  chairman, knows the great respect that I have for him--in fact, the  great affection that I have for him.   Madam Speaker, I can tell him with complete sincerity that I have no  interest in rewriting history, but I do have an interest in rewriting  the future. And as we stand here today, my support for the underlying  legislation does not wane because of a Presidential tweet; my belief  that the legislation will be signed into law wanes because of a  Presidential tweet.   Madam Speaker, whether you are on the side that says this bill is  doing too much or whether you are on the side that says this bill is  doing too little, if you are on the side that says we can do better  together, then going down a path that the President's team has said  would result in a veto advantages none of us.   Madam Speaker, it is painful. This is my last year in this  institution, and I love this institution not because of the history  that is in these walls, not because of the ancient tomes that I see  here on Mr. Griffith's desk, but because of the people who sacrifice  themselves and their families on behalf of something that is bigger  than themselves.   This idea that it is the United States of America that you and I have  the privilege of playing a small leadership role in, that is universal.  To be here on the floor of the House today, again, accentuating our  divisions on a bill that is going nowhere, is worthless to me.   Madam Speaker, I love being on the House floor with my friend, the  chairman, when he is full thunder on behalf of his ideas and his  principles and I have to take the other side. That kind of debate,  those kinds of differences of opinions among people who respect one  another but simply come at things from a different perspective, that is  exactly what this House was intended to produce.    Madam Speaker, to be here on the floor today, when my friend from  Massachusetts is having to carry a rule for a bill that he opposes and  wants to defeat, I am down here telling you that we had a great  bipartisan solution, but we are not going to be able to talk about it  on the House floor.   So, I have a bill that I support the underlying vision of but know it  is going to go absolutely nowhere, and we are just going to back folks  into their political corners. That is not what our constituents expect  from us, and it is not, I would argue, what we have come  [[Page H2302]]  to expect from ourselves. It, sadly, is what the political theater  advocates have come to expect from us.   Madam Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an  amendment to a new rule to suspend the proxy voting until the D.C.  Federal district court reviews a lawsuit and determines an outcome.   Madam Speaker, thinking about things that are within the walls of  this institution, all the stories these walls tell, they will never  tell a story of a single Member of Congress ever casting a vote from  outside of this room where we are standing. Never has it happened. I  would argue the Constitution flatly prohibits it. I cannot understand  how one can read the Constitution differently.   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to include in the Record the  text of my amendment, along with extraneous material, immediately prior  to the vote on the previous question.    Madam Speaker, I reference the tomes that sit on the  gentleman from Virginia's desk.   At this time, I would like to yield 5 minutes to my good friend and,  actually, Madam Speaker, as you know, someone who has worked in a  bipartisan way, a surprising bipartisan way--never fails to surprise  Members on both sides of the aisle--to protect this institution and all  that it means to the American people.   There are many folks in this institution, Madam Speaker, I don't mind  disagreeing with; and, in fact, the fact that we are on other sides  humbly leads me to believe I am even more right than I thought that I  was. When I find myself disagreeing with the gentleman from Virginia, I  find myself having to go back and reflect on exactly why that is we  have come down on different sides. And those individuals in this  Chamber who provide us with that counsel, Madam Speaker, you know that  we hold in such high regard.   Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to gentleman from Virginia (Mr.  Griffith).    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 5 minutes to the  gentleman from Virginia.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I wanted to ask my chairman, when he was referencing  Republicans who just want to slow this place down and don't want to get  any work done, if he would except me and my colleague from Virginia  from that characterization? Because I certainly know that it doesn't  apply, and I would like to know that my chairman knows that it doesn't  apply as well.   When the chairman just stated that the reason that Republicans are  opposed to proxy voting has nothing to do with----    I yield to the gentleman from Massachusetts.    Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman.   Madam Speaker, if the constitutional arguments are so clear, we  should be able to get this out of the district court in very short  order, presumptively with the decision that my chairman would like.   Madam Speaker, I want to ask my friend from Virginia again--what I  have seen from Mr. Griffith, Madam Speaker, is someone who has fought  on behalf of the institution, not on behalf of Republicans, not on  behalf of Democrats. Without throwing my friend under the bus, he has  been in the minority of my conference as often as he has been in the  majority, fighting to do  [[Page H2305]]  the right thing because he thought we were on the wrong path. And he  was saying: You know what? You may think this is politically expedient  today, but you are going to regret this. And the decisions we make  aren't about politics, they are about people. They are about the  institution.   Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman  from Virginia (Mr. Griffith).    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume. Madam Speaker, I thank the Speaker for her words. We do come  to a place where we sometimes are satisfied. In this case we had a  bipartisan group that was continuing to work to do even more of those  good things that the gentlewoman laid out.   They had an amendment that they had drafted together in a bipartisan  way. That amendment was not made in order on this floor. I agree with  the gentlewoman, we should never be satisfied. In this case, we have  decided to be satisfied with the Senate language instead of trying to  improve it with the House work product, and I deeply regret that.   Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr.  Roy.)    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentleman from Texas.    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentleman from Texas.    I thank you for that admonition, Madam Chair.   Madam Speaker, there is only one person on our side of the aisle who  can clear up all of that confusion in 1 minute. I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from California (Mr. McCarthy), our leader.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Madam Speaker, you have heard the thundering defense of the  constitutionality of a constitutionally questionable proxy voting  procedure. That is what our motion is in the previous question.   My friend from Massachusetts is absolutely certain that every  constitutional scholar in the land is on board and believes it is  absolutely fine, which is good news for those of us who want the  district court to decide, because the constitutionality can be sorted  out in the courts in no time flat.   If it is this settled of a question, we are saying just give it a  couple of days. Let the court have an opinion. Let's go ahead and sort  this out. If it is a nonjudicial issue, then we will learn that. If it  is so clear that it is okay, why won't we allow time for the court to  take a look?   My friend from Massachusetts says we have had this debate and the  House has spoken. That is undeniably true. Now, to be fair, it spoke in  a bipartisan way against this; in a partisan way in favor of proxy  voting; in a bipartisan way against proxy voting.   Yes, the House has spoken, and, in a bipartisan way, we have serious  concerns that we would like to be addressed. If we defeat the previous  question, they will be. It is not going to slow down the underlying  bill. It is not going to slow down any other important issues on the  House floor today. It simply delays proxy voting that has never before  happened in this Chamber until the courts rule on its  constitutionality.   Madam Speaker, the underlying provision is an extension of our  Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act measures. This is something, as  the majority leader said, that we have done in a bipartisan way time  and time again. I have been a part of that bipartisan coalition.   Today, we have a Senate bill in front of us, and a bipartisan House  amendment that improves that bill.   What you didn't hear from the majority leader, what you didn't hear  from the Speaker, is that the Rules Committee did not allow that  bipartisan amendment; and we have now a take-it-or-leave-it piece of  legislation from the United States Senate. I get it; that happens to us  sometimes, but it doesn't have to happen to us today.   We have a bipartisan option, a bipartisan choice. We, collectively,  if we pass this rule, will choose to ignore that opportunity, an  opportunity that, in a bipartisan way, we agree both protects national  security and protects civil liberties better than the underlying bill.   Madam Speaker, I don't know how many of my colleagues decided to show  up for the vote today. We will soon find out. Each one who is voting by  proxy is going to have to go through you and the Member they have  designated.   The two issues before us are serious issues, and they are threatened  by the underlying constitutional issue of the manner in which we will  vote, as will every single vote we take until this measure is  litigated.   Let's litigate first. Let's not throw all of this important work into  question. If my friend from Massachusetts is right and it is crystal  clear legally, we will find out in no time flat.   But if my friend from Massachusetts is wrong, then we will prevent  the next round of litigation that calls into question every single bill  this House acts on between now and then.   I want to close, Madam Speaker, by saying I don't question my friend  from Massachusetts' love of this institution or his understanding and  knowledge of the Constitution. He is in a tough spot as the Rules  Committee chairman. We have a crisis in front of us. It was his job to  move something forward.   The report he wrote earlier this year reflected his wisdom. The  measure this House passed reflected his wisdom. He has got a very  difficult job, and that is why you hear the very passionate defense he  is making of what will become known as the McGovern language.   But let it not be said by any Member of this Chamber that his intent  is anything other than serving this country and serving this House. He  is in a very difficult spot, but I know that his heart and his  intellect are 100 percent with the people of this country and in  service to this institution. I regret that we are on different sides of  this particular issue.   Vote ``no'' on the previous question. Defeat it. Add this litigation  timeout. If we can't do that, then I need my colleagues to defeat the  rule. Defeat the rule, and let's take a better bite at this decision  with the bipartisan amendments that we have before us.    Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   