 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   I heard someone on the other side said something that disturbed me,  so it has actually taken me off my remarks because it can't go  unaddressed.   For the gentleman to say that Democrats, the majority party here in  the House, are the greatest threat to American democracy that the world  has ever known, that means we are more threatening than Putin and the  Russians, more threatening than this terrible pandemic around us. It is  the sort of thing that I would admonish my side never to say about the  other side, and it is the sort of thing that I think takes us away from  why we are here.   We are here to have debate and discussion and to reasonably disagree  on things. At the end of the day, we are calling for a vote as we  normally do. Things are voted up; things are voted down. That has been  the process that I have come to know over all these years.   We are here because Americans who are Democrats and Republicans and  independents are not getting their mail on time. We are here because  there has been a 10 percent slowdown in the last 66 days. We are here  because sorting machines have been dismantled at an accelerated rate,  not the normal rate, an accelerated rate all across America.   We are here because mailboxes, without density studies, are being  snatched. They have been removed over the years, but it has  accelerated. It has accelerated to such an extent that now people are  wondering: Where is their medication? Where is their check?   It is veterans. It is our small businesses that are hampered by this.  It is senior citizens. So, we are not here mysteriously on a Saturday  to point fingers and to call names.   The other side has a right to disagree, but this is a problem. I  don't know about your constituents, but all of mine are telling me that  they can't get their mail on time. They expect more. If the first       Postmaster General looked back at this day, I am sure Ben       Franklin would be spinning in his grave.   We have an issue before us. We ought to go at it with vigorous  debate. At the end of the day, I may lose and you may win, or I may win  and you may lose, but the American public loses without us standing up  for this issue.   