 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am here to talk about a complicated but  really important issue, and it is one that Congress and the  administration needs to address before it results in a devastating  financial impact on millions of retirees, raises costs to thousands of  businesses, some of which are going to go insolvent--bankrupt--unless  it is dealt with, and an issue that can harm the overall economy if it  is not dealt with.   The Presiding Officer has been very involved in this issue, and I  hope others will bear with me as we talk about it, because it is  complicated, but it is really important. I am talking about  multiemployer pension reform, and as anyone who is working on this  problem can tell you, it is something that we cannot ignore.   Briefly, a multiemployer pension plan consists of multiple different  companies. Usually, employees in a single union pool their assets  together, and they provide a defined benefit pension--the old-style  pensions, a guaranteed pension, so-called--to cover workers and  retirees. These plans are jointly administered, then, between the  unions and the employers as trustees, who determine the benefits and  the employer contributions based on the collective bargaining process  and subject to whatever statutory funding requirements there are that  we provide here in the U.S. Congress and through law.   It is a system of a lot of different employers coming together and  providing a pension under one union typically. This system now  comprises over 1,400 plans covering 10.8 million participants and their  families. Unfortunately, it is on the verge of collapse. The system is  underfunded by more than $638 billion, and that figure has probably  increased significantly due to the coronavirus epidemic and the  resulting impact on the economy.   On top of that, there is the Federal entity that ensures these  pensions. Pensions are sort of a guaranteed benefit, so-called, but  they are guaranteed in a sense because they are insured by a Federal  entity called the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. That PBGC for  the multiemployer program is projected to become insolvent in less than  5 years. Over 1.4 million workers and retirees are in plans already in  what is called ``critical and declining status,'' meaning they are  facing benefit cuts of over 90 percent. So that is the problem.   This chart can sort of show it to you here. These are the assets at  the start of the year--2019, 2020, 2021--and this is what happens. The  assets go down. The liabilities go up. This is the financial assistance  provided to the various plans. So, as you can see, the green is only  going to last until 2025. And, again, with the new economic numbers,  that will be exhausted even before that, which creates a real problem  for those plan participants or retirees, for the companies that are  going to have huge new liabilities--and some of them will not be able  to handle it and will not be able to stay in business--and for our  economy, because that will then have a contagion impact on the entire  economy.   So those workers who are expecting to have the benefit because they  are still working and those retirees who are facing these cuts are  looking to us to come up with a bipartisan solution to address this  crisis that faces the multiemployer pension system and the PBGC. They  are counting on us to put in place commonsense reforms to ensure that  these hard-earned pension benefits will be there for workers and  retirees during their retirement.   A lot of these workers will tell you that they didn't take the pay  increases or they didn't take the healthcare benefits the size they  wanted in their collective bargaining because they bargained for this,  which was the hope of having a pension--a guaranteed, defined benefit  pension--and now they are seeing the possibility that that could result  in a 90-percent cut in their benefits.   Over the past several years we have been working on this, I have been  involved with it. I have been working on the Finance Committee, which  is the committee here in the Senate that has responsibility for this  issue.   In 2018--so going back 2 years ago now--I was participating in  hearings as a member of the Joint Select Committee on Solvency of  Multiemployer Pension Plans. It was a 1-year committee. It was House  and Senate, Republican and Democrat. We were supposed to get to a  solution for this problem before it gets worse, and we spent countless  hours trying to do that. I spent countless hours in meetings with  beneficiaries, retirees, spouses of theirs.   Ohio was one of the States hardest hit. I have heard their stories  about how years of mismanaged pension plans have put them on the hook  for unthinkable cuts in the pensions they just assumed were going to be  there.   Let me spell out how precarious this is for my home State of Ohio. We  have over 60,000 active workers and retirees in multiemployer pension  plans at immediate risk of becoming insolvent--probably more than any  other State in the country. Many of these Ohio plans have already been  forced to drastically reduce benefits, by the way, including the Iron  Workers Local 17 Plan in Cleveland, the Southwest Ohio Regional Council  of Carpenters Pension Plan, and the Toledo Roofers Local 134 Pension  Plan.   Some are already insolvent, like the Teamsters Local 116 of Cleveland  Pension Fund, so for some, unfortunately, this insolvency has already  happened.   The Central States Pension Fund, which is the single largest plan  that is in this critical and declining status, is projected to become  insolvent in 2025--the same time the PBGC is because when it goes  under, PBGC goes under; it is that big. They have 44,000 participants  in that plan in Ohio--again, more than any other State. The majority of  Central States' retirees are veterans, by the way, according to the  National United Committee to Protect Pensions. They receive about $360  million in annual benefits from their pensions. By the way, that money  goes right back into the economy. They spend it.   Unfortunately, years of bad Federal policy with respect to funding  and withdrawal liability rules, losses on risky investments, and  failure to take proactive action have brought many of these pension  plans to the brink of insolvency. The result is that these hard-working  Ohioans in Central States face pension cuts of over 90 percent if no  action is taken. That is unacceptable. We can't let that happen.   By the way, it is not just a retirement security issue, as I said  earlier; it is a jobs issue. The multiemployer pension system consists  primarily of smaller businesses that face uncertainty and a higher cost  of doing business due to the liability they will face called withdrawal  liability.   More than 200 small businesses are in Central States alone in my home  State of Ohio--200 businesses that face huge withdrawal liabilities,  many of which are much bigger than the book value of the company,  meaning, of course, that they are not going to make it.  [[Page S3198]]    In fact, if a systemically important plan like Central States were to  become insolvent, contributing employers face the risk of being  assessed unplanned withdrawal liabilities that will result in a wave of  bankruptcies and a contagion effect across the economy as plans with  overlapping contribution bases also fail. It will not just be that  plan; it will be other plans as well because the companies pay into  different plans.   Even if they are not assessed withdrawal liability, employers will be  forced then to make contributions into an insolvent plan, making those  companies not competitive in the labor market. They will not be able to  pay their employees as much because they are making the payments into  the insolvent plans.   These jobs are essential to our economy--right now, more than ever.  Many of the current workers in the Central States Pension Fund, as an  example, are truckdrivers, and these are the very truckdrivers who are  keeping our grocery stores stocked. They are the supply lines running  through this coronavirus crisis. They have put their health on the line  for all of us, and we need to do our very best to ensure that the  pensions they have earned--rightly earned--will be there for them.   While these problems were well known before the current economic  downturn, this slowdown is only going to accelerate the crisis. As CBO  projected in late April--that is, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget  Office--the second quarter of this fiscal year is projected to mark the  largest percentage drop in economic output in recorded history, with  the GDP projected to fall 40 percent on an annualized basis. That has a  real impact on these pensions.   As chair of the Senate Finance subcommittee with jurisdiction over  these multiemployer pension plans, I have been working on this issue  with Democrats and Republicans alike, and I believe a balanced, pro- growth solution to the problem is possible. I also know that it is  needed.   As bad as the pension crisis is for these retirees we talked about  and for their individual plans, it also has a broader impact on our  economy, so all of us should be interested in solving this problem.   It will not be easy, especially given the unprecedented health crisis  we now face, but putting off this difficult work today means greater  costs tomorrow. The costs compound, so it gets worse.   The multiemployer program deficit is projected to rise significantly  if we wait until this period--around 2024 or 2025. Even if we didn't  have this pandemic, this is an issue we owe to our constituents to take  proactive action on.   We have come some way on this project, and we have made some progress  over time. In 2018, Senator Sherrod Brown and his co-chair Senator  Orrin Hatch and I put together a framework for reform while serving on  this Joint Select Committee on Solvency of Multiemployer Pension Plans.  I think that framework can effectively address the crisis. We called it  the bipartisan framework. It would have provided PBGC enough resources  to prevent its own insolvency and put in place structural reforms to  the funding rules and the way plans are governed to ensure a long-term  solution going forward.   Unfortunately, the joint committee was not able to reach final  agreement on these reforms, and therefore we weren't able to stabilize  the PBGC and put it on a stronger financial footing. But I strongly  believe that the mechanism to address the immediate crisis that is in  this bipartisan framework still offers the right way forward for us to  get this done. In fact, I am pleased there is a renewed interest in  addressing this crisis using this framework right now.   The House-passed HEROES Act--that is, the legislation the House  passed to deal with the COVID-19 crisis--includes a proposal to try to  fix this problem. Again, it is a step in the right direction in that  they have chosen to adopt the approach of partitioning at-risk plans to  help address the immediate crisis. That is the approach we took.    This is a step away from their previous plan in the House and among a  lot of Democrats in the Senate, which employed a loan structure for all  inactive liabilities and, based on CBO analysis, would not have  prevented PBGC from becoming insolvent. So this new structure makes  more sense, and it is closer to the Senate bipartisan framework. The  new House plan, therefore, costs a little less, and retirees also get  more certainty from it.   There are some flaws in the House Democrats' approach that still make  it a nonstarter over here in the Senate.   First, there is no shared responsibility when it comes to  strengthening the financial condition of the PBGC. It entirely relies  on taxpayers--so $59 billion of taxpayer funds over the next 10 years.  Some on our side of the aisle, of course, find that to be a bailout by  the taxpayers when, in fact, there ought to be more shared  responsibility. This is particularly important now as there is more and  more concern about the public money that is being spent.   Second, the House proposal includes no structural reforms whatsoever  to the rules governing how multiemployer pension plans operate, how  employer contributions are determined, and corrective actions that  trustees can take to improve plan solvency and protect the  participants.   What we don't want to do is solve the problem with a bandaid and then  have the problem come right back again. We want to get this right. The  reforms have to address the underlying flaws in the system and ensure  that PBGC can function as a self-sustaining entity rather than a new  line item in the Federal budget funded by permanent entitlement  spending. This has to be something that solves the program long term.  We can't put in place a partial solution that will require Congress to  come back again and again in the future. Unfortunately, the House  Democrats' plan fails to achieve this.   In my view, any plan we make to reform the multiemployer pension  system has to adhere to three main principles:   No. 1, we do need shared responsibility to address the immediate  crisis. We should not pass a legislative solution where the bill is  entirely footed by taxpayers. Employers and participants must share the  responsibility of fixing this problem--not taxpayers alone since 99  percent of taxpayers aren't participating in this system.   A recent poll by McLaughlin & Associates of 2,700 likely voters in  Midwestern States found that 76 percent of voters support a shared  solution based on a combination of financial contributions from  employers, retirees, and taxpayers.   A Congressional Budget Office 2017 working group paper found that  both various exemptions from government employer contributions and  accounting standards used by multiemployer plans played significant  roles in allowing PBGC to become insolvent. So both exemptions from the  employers putting money in and the accounting standards are the reason,  they say, that PBGC became underfunded. So greater employer  contributions are part of getting these plans back on track.   Second, I believe any solution must ensure sustainable solvency for  the PBGC. Again, this is important to be sure that we are solving this  problem. Overall, I believe premiums should be a significant  contributor to the health of PBGC, covering at least half of the cost  of recapitalization.   We also need our plan participants to pitch in, in the form of  solvency fees paid directly to PBGC. With a significant variable-rate  premium, by the way, we can make these solvency fees as low as 10  percent or maybe even lower. We need to think long and hard about the  levels of shared responsibility that could include premiums imposed on  workers, on unions, and increased flat-rate premiums as well. These  would be small contributions but significant in the sense that  everybody would be participating, everybody would do a little bit, and  the taxpayers would be asked to do a lot too. But the only way we can  get the taxpayers to make a substantial contribution is to ensure that  there is this shared responsibility.   Third, any solution must ensure there is sustainable solvency for the  multiemployer plans in the future. Any bipartisan solution should  include structural reform to the funding rules governing employer  contributions to multiemployer plans so that Congress and the Treasury  will not be regularly called upon to bail out a large number of  underfunded plans.  [[Page S3199]]    Retirees need to know these plans are secure. This includes gradually  phasing down the rate at which plans may value existing pension  liabilities, which are promises to retirees that should be kept but are  being budgeted for through investments that the Congressional Budget  Office says are high risk. Without any rules on how these pension  liabilities are valued, there is high risk. Here is what the risk is  now. Here is the average multiemployer plan target rate of return. Here  is a conservative way to look at it, which would be the interest rate  on 10-year Treasuries.    By the way, the 10-year Treasury is now down to just about 1 percent,  so it has gone down even further. This gap is that high risk the  Congressional Budget Office is talking about. So there needs to be some  solution here.   I understand that this needs to be phased in. It needs to be gradual.  It needs to be reasonable. But we have to, again, ensure that retirees  know that, when they get into a plan and make contributions to a plan,  it is going to be there for them.   The Senate Finance Committee published its own proposal in November  which attempted to get at these two goals of addressing the immediate  crisis through shared responsibility and preventing a future crisis  through reforms to the funding rules. This was a Republican plan put  forward by Senator Grassley, who spoke moments ago. That proposal was  called the Multiemployer Pension Recapitalization Reform Plan. It is  not perfect, but it is worth emphasizing that the Trump administration  supports this proposal and put out a Statement of Administration Policy  endorsing it, saying: ``We believe it has the potential to serve as the  base for a long-term solution to the multiemployer pension crisis.'' I  have talked to several people within the administration, and I think  they are also committed to a bipartisan agreement in this Congress to  try to solve this problem.   Again, the plan put out by Senator Grassley and also Senator  Alexander may not be perfect, but now you have two plans out there,  both of which use the same basic structure, and I think there is an  opportunity here for us to come together.   Right now, I know some of my counterparts in the House who have  worked on the multiemployer pension proposal in the HEROES Act want to  know whom they should be negotiating with because they are not  negotiating right now on how to find that compromise. I would suggest  talking to the Finance Committee. That is where the jurisdiction is.  That is what the administration has indicated as well.   We have been working all year with the PBGC on a reasonable proposal  that we believe can get support from the National United Committee to  Protect Pensions, many of the Teamsters local unions, and many  employers who are trying to stay afloat right now.   The Senate Finance Committee will continue to reach out to have a  serious conversation with Democrats on both sides of the Capitol to  help address this immediate crisis and ensure sustainable solvency for  the multiemployer pension system. In order to reach an agreement on  this issue, shared responsibility will be necessary to make it work, in  my view.   To reiterate, we are willing to put serious Federal money on the  table--taxpayer funds--and we are willing to negotiate, but it has to  be a balanced approach.   The time to act is now. The Senate Finance Committee has this  commonsense proposal on the Republican side--again, vetted by PBGC-- that, while not perfect, is an interesting starting point for us to  come together. The House has their own proposal that has many  similarities in terms of its structure. So let's build upon those, as  Republicans and Democrats, to ensure we can get our multiemployer  pension system back in working order. We owe it to the retirees. We owe  it to the workers, to the participants in these plans. We owe it to  these small businesses. Let's get serious about this and ensure we can  protect the retirements of hard-working Americans we represent.  Taxpayers deserve proactive action now, and so do workers and so do  retirees. Let's get it done.   I yield the floor.   