 Madam Speaker, I thank my friend from Montana, the  chairman of this committee. It was a real privilege to serve on this  committee.   Over the years, the size of the Federal Government has ballooned.  While it excels in some ways, like keeping our Nation safe, oftentimes,  it does not serve the American people well, and that keeps my  constituent services office very busy back in the district.   As a small business owner, I know how important it is to run  effective and efficient operations. If you don't serve your customers  well, you won't stay in business. But because the Federal Government is  largely unaccountable, the only people who suffer from government  inefficiency are the people it is intended to serve: the American  people.   For far too long, we have let the executive branch seize authority  and empower unelected bureaucrats. I am proud to serve on the  Republican Study Committee's Government Efficiency, Accountability, and  Reform Task Force, whose goal is to develop reforms to improve the  Federal Government in order to better serve American families.   Prior to my service here in Congress, I served as the Georgia co- chair for the Fix the Debt committee, which was a nationwide bipartisan  effort to identify ways that we could balance our budget.   Our new report here in the GEAR Task Force highlights strategies to  streamline government practices and remove waste, much like the Fix the  Debt committee identified.   For example, we all know that Washington has a spending problem. If  something isn't working, many of my colleagues would prefer just to  throw more money at the problem. But when has that worked? We need  serious government reform.   In my business, we emphasize the importance of streamlining processes  so we can maximize every dollar. We have a 5-year lookback procedure  where we look at every dollar we spend to make sure that we are using  every dollar in an efficient manner so that those who invest--in this  case, the American taxpayers--get the most bang for their buck.   Also, in our business, we have a balance sheet, an income statement,  where we can actually run ratios that we can compare and see how we are  doing against our peers.   I mentioned that to someone on the Budget Committee and they said: I  don't think we have seen that in the Federal Government.   I come from the business community, and I came to Washington because  we have to get down to business. I have identified, again, working on  this task force, on the Budget Committee, and on the RSC, so many areas  where, frankly, we can be much more efficient at spending every dollar.   Every taxpayer should be treated like a shareholder. They should know  exactly where and how their money is being spent.   That is why I have a big problem with the appropriations process here  in Congress. Yes, we kind of go through the motions here on the House  floor, but we bog down, and it becomes a four-corner deal where  leadership on both sides decides: Okay, these are the caps, and this is  how we are going to spend the money.   The appropriators appropriate to that number, and then we are given a  1,200-page spending bill 24 hours before we have to vote on it. That is  ridiculous.   I have emphasized to my leadership that I will not vote on a bill  like that again, that we should stand right here through the  appropriations process and show the American people every place we are  spending a dollar.   The GEAR report lays the groundwork for this type of reform. Our  report highlights specific ways we can make government more efficient  and accountable to the people, including improving metrics to better  inform decisionmaking, utilizing excess Federal office  space, leveraging duplicative government contracts, consolidating data  centers, reducing security clearance processing delays, and much more.    These solutions are common sense, and they should garner bipartisan  support. I encourage my colleagues who have not yet read the report to  do so. We have highlighted over 100 ways we can improve government and  better serve the American people.   We must change the status quo. That is why I came to Washington.   