 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member  for yielding.   Since 1885, the State of North Carolina has recognized the Lumbee  Indians of North Carolina, but today marks the first time in U.S.  history since the Lumbee first sought Federal recognition in 1885 that  legislation for full and bona fide recognition will pass the U.S. House  while a companion bill awaits action in the U.S. Senate strongly  favored by two North Carolina Senators and with the President of the  United States having promised to sign the legislation that will result.   For 64 years, the 66,000-strong Lumbee have existed in a kind of  official limbo that reflects the worst of our Federal Government.   In 1956, Congress passed a law simultaneously granting recognition of  the Tribe and terminating it, according to the movement of that era.  ``Nothing in this Act,'' said the legislation, ``shall make such  Indians eligible for any services performed by the United States for  Indians because of their status as Indians, and none of the statutes of  the United States which affect Indians because of their status as  Indians shall be applicable to the Lumbee Indians.''   One wonders if they had heard about equal protection.   For the opponents of Lumbee recognition, including other Tribes, it  has always been about the money. Of course, there have been fellow  travelers motivated by racial prejudice or neglect.    It cannot be disputed, though, that the Lumbee have been, for three  centuries, a cohesive and distinct community of aboriginal origins and  durable institutions, especially schools, living near the Lumber River,  which was known until 1809 by the unfortunate but accurate name  Drowning Creek.   Although the Lumbee have also been known by other names--the Croatan,  the Cheraw of Robeson, the Siouan Indian Community of Lumber River-- they are the continuously present and vital people shown on a map drawn  in 1725 whose common modern surnames appear on a document written in  1771, such as Locklear, Chavis, Dees, Sweat, and Groom. They are the  Lumbee who were living in Long Swamp in the 1730s, the community now  known as Prospect, where I visited just weeks ago.   My maternal forebears were Kinlaws in Bladen County, adjacent to  Robeson. We also trace a genealogy to the early 1700s, and our family  name evolved, like the Lumbee's did. We were once McKinlaws and, before  that, McKinlochs, desperately poor but independent Scots-Irish from the  borderlands of the English Civil Wars.  [[Page H5737]]    I can only imagine what it would mean to me to have been singled out  by the United States Government for centuries of official disregard and  denial of my very identity. That is the longstanding injustice that we  are correcting today, and the happy ending is already being written by  the Lumbee themselves.   I know the Lumbee. I know the Warrior's Ball and Lumbee Homecoming,  UNC-Pembroke and Old Main, the Lumbee Cultural Center and even the Cozy  Corner.   The Lumbee are supremely patriotic Americans, God-fearing and washed  in the blood, devoted to the liberating cause of education and to civic  involvement, proud of their community, loving and welcoming to  strangers.   They are the best of America, and the only honorable course for the  United States Congress is to accord them their due recognition at long  last.   Mr. Speaker, I give my thanks to Representatives Butterfield, Hudson,  and Grijalva, and to Ranking Member   Rob Bishop, staunch supporters of  the Lumbee's pursuit of justice, and also to President Trump. When I  had the right moment to bring this to the President's attention, in  characteristic practice, he made no promises other than to give it a  close look. When he decided to throw his support behind recognition, he  did it all the way, including traveling to Lumberton to tell the Lumbee  himself.   Today is a gratifying capstone for my first partial term in the U.S.  House.   Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to unanimously pass the Lumbee  Recognition Act.   