 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that I be  allowed to finish my remarks before the vote begins.    Madam President, after the Senate Republicans spent 4  months dithering and delaying, last week, Leader McConnell pushed a  partisan, emaciated COVID bill. It was so paltry and ladened with  poison pills that it was clearly designed to fail. And fail it did.   It is time for the Senate Republicans to wake up to the gravity of  the crisis in our country and work with Democrats on a comprehensive  bill that delivers real help to Americans.   Speaker Pelosi and I have already come down $1 trillion from our  initial  [[Page S5579]]  request. Leader McConnell and Senate Republicans must drop the cynical  and political games and instead work with Democrats to find common  ground and reach a compromise.   If Republican leadership lets the 20 Members of their caucus who  barely want to provide any more relief and allows them to dictate their  party's agenda, it will block the path to a compromise, and Republicans  will have to answer to the American people.   Our country still does not have a strong grasp on COVID-19. America  continues to lead the world in the number of confirmed cases by far-- over 6.5 million. Nearly 200,000 Americans have died. Yet, unthinkably,  it was reported that in one of his interviews with Bob Woodward,  President Trump said that ``nothing more could have been done'' to  combat the coronavirus. ``Nothing more could have been done''--that is  what President Trump said. Of the many lies the President has told  about COVID-19, this is one of the most monumental and one of the most  galling.   There were so many vital things the President could have done to  fight COVID-19 and protect our country. In the early days of the virus,  hospitals, medical centers, and essential workers were short on PPE,  ventilators, swabs, masks, and gloves. President Trump never mobilized  the resources of the Federal Government, never fully invoked the  Defense Production Act, and never set up a national clearing house to  get resources where they needed to go.   It has been 7 months and President Trump still doesn't have a  national testing strategy. There has never been a national plan for  contact tracing. The President took months before he even encouraged  Americans to wear a mask. This is an entire universe of actions that  President Trump could have taken to help slow the spread of the virus  and save American lives and American jobs, but he didn't. He never took  strong action, never took responsibility. It is what it is.   In many cases, it would have been better, actually, if the President  did nothing instead of what he did. It would have been better if the  President never downplayed the virus, never called it a hoax, never  pushed quack medicines, never speculated about injecting bleach, and  never held rallies.   Every week--every week--brings new evidence that his administration  is totally unequipped to right the ship, especially the Department of  Health and Human Services. Over the weekend, there were numerous  reports that political appointees at HHS have been interfering with  CDC's report on COVID-19, trying to delay, edit out, or halt the  release of facts that would have been politically embarrassing to the  President. This is not the first time the administration has tried to  hide reports and facts that would better inform the American people.   Meanwhile, as that is happening, President Trump has pressured HHS to  ``slow the testing down.'' He has overstated the benefits of certain  treatments and pressured the FDA to approve them and accused FDA  officials of holding back a vaccine, and too many people within HHS are  trying to suppress the science.   The Secretary of Health and Human Services, Alex Azar, has not only  failed to push back against these outrageous moves by President Trump,  but he has been almost entirely silent about the chaos and  mismanagement in his own agency.   In Trump's administration, the most important skill is the ability to  stand up to the President and resist political influence--more so in an  agency like HHS than others, where the health of Americans is at stake.   It has become abundantly clear that the leadership of the Department  of Health and Human Services has allowed perhaps the most important  Federal agency right now to become subservient to the President's daily  whims.   So, today, I am calling on Secretary Azar to resign immediately. We  need a Secretary of Health and Human Services who will look out for the  American people, not President Trump's political interests.   