 Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague for the time and  courtesy.   Madam Speaker, I rise to speak about my West Point mom, who just  recently passed away. Mary Ellen Witter of Bluffton, South Carolina,  passed away peacefully Sunday, June 21, 2020, with her family around  her.   My West Point mom, who loved me even though I ate her food, broke her  chairs, and disobeyed a rule now and then. She was the definition of  grace.   She was preceded in death by her husband, the love of her life,  Colonel Lee Witter. They were married 61 years. She was the daughter of  the late Allan and Alma Imse, born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin in 1937.   Mary Ellen went to the University of Wisconsin, Milwaukee, for her  bachelor's degree in Elementary Education. She received her masters  from C.W. Post Center, Long Island University, New York, in Library  Science.   She was a dedicated military wife. She represented America while  being an embassy military wife in Indonesia. She was a longtime  educator, both here and abroad.   Mary Ellen was a pianist, singer, and a devout Christian, who was  very active in her church and was part of the Stephen Ministries and  prayer groups. For those who knew her, she was a soft-spoken woman who  loved traveling, reading, gardening, camping, bird-watching, and going  to the beach. But most of all, she loved her family and her friends.   She was preceded in death by her son, Mathew. She is survived by her  two daughters, Nanette Jordan of Norwalk, Connecticut, and Dorinda  Selby of Beaufort, South Carolina. She is survived by her sister,  Sharon Quade of Crandon, Wisconsin, and her brother, Robert Imse of  Naples, Florida. She dearly loved her five grandchildren: Ashley Benusa  of Hong Kong; Taylor Jordan of Boston, Massachusetts; Zachary Jordan of  Waterbury, Connecticut; Senior Airman Mathew Selby of Davis Monthan Air  Force Base, Tucson, Arizona; and Thomas Selby of Beaufort, South  Carolina.   Madam Speaker, I look forward to attending the burial service, which  will take place at West Point Military Academy National Cemetery at a  later date. There, she will be laid next to her husband, Colonel  Witter, and her son, Mathew.   First Thessalonians 4:14 states: ``For we believe that Jesus died and  rose again and so we believe that God will bring with Jesus those who  have fallen asleep in him.'' May we find comfort in this promise.   