 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Chairman, I first state my admiration for the chair of the  committee and Ms. Pressley and everyone who has worked on this piece of  legislation.   Mr. Chairman, credit scores and credit reports impact our daily  lives, often in ways that we don't realize. They determine whether you  can get a loan for a car that you need to get to work every day. They  determine whether you can get a loan to buy a home or rent an apartment  and how much interest you are going to pay on your home loan. They  impact your insurance premium and your cell phone. In many States,  these scores can even determine whether you get a job or not.   Unfortunately, even though they can have an enormous consequence on a  person's life, these reports have very little oversight and can easily  be inaccurate. Even when inaccuracies are spotted by consumers, the  process for removing or correcting the mistakes is perhaps  intentionally complicated and time consuming for the average American.  A person with multiple jobs or no knowledge of credit reporting systems  could very well give up--and often does--because the system is too  complex for them.   This is not only a frustrating cycle but is also damaging to a  person's financial reputation. We need to know more about how mistakes  are made, who is responsible for fixing them, and what the impacts of  those mistakes are on individual Americans' lives.   For too long, financial stability has been used as an excuse to keep  lower income people out of traditionally wealthy and middle-class  neighborhoods. This process, known as ``redlining,'' has been banned,  but we continue to see the segregation of our neighborhoods along  demographic and economic lines. Credit scores are being weaponized to  exclude and separate communities.   To address this problem, we need reliable data. That is why this  amendment would require the nonpartisan GAO to study how credit scores  are used in housing decisions and examine whether individuals are being  discriminated against in those decisions based on race, gender, age,  sexual orientation, geographic location, socioeconomic status, and  more.   Our society cannot continue to be broken into neighborhoods and  communities based on the color of our skin or the amount of money in  our bank accounts. This amendment will help us right this wrong and  encourage housing decisions that are more equitable and fair for all  Americans.   Mr. Chairman, I encourage my colleagues to join me in support of this  amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I agree, and as a former small business owner, I see the value of  credit reports if done fairly and equitably. It should be balanced  against the need for the lenders and the people who are seeking credit.   In my area in northern California, I hear stories over and over again  about people who are working two jobs, and, through no mistake of their  own, their credit report is not perfect. They don't have the time or  the expertise to hire someone or to go back in and correct the  problems. Often, problems can be left on even when they go through the  process.   As somebody who was in the retail business, I see this as another  example of customer service being put on the customer.   Twenty, 30 years ago, to the credit agencies and retailers--at least,  in theory--customer service meant you reached out to the client and  tried to figure out what the problem is. My experience and the  experience I get anecdotally and the research that I see is that,  particularly in difficult housing markets, the ability for people to  get into the housing market either for  [[Page H682]]  rental or for purchase is inhibited and is an obstacle to current  reporting.   So, for this amendment, it is about getting more knowledge in a  dynamic that only 10 years ago was almost disastrous to the economy  when the housing implosion happened and is happening in many ways again  as we, as researchers say, in urban areas resegregate based on  ethnicity and demographics.   So, in order to get a better understanding, I think this amendment is  a minimal standard of understanding how the situation has changed and  how we can protect both the people who are the lenders and also the  people who may not be lenders but are just trying to get to a point  where they can rent an apartment or own a home.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this  commonsense amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.   