 Mr. President, for months now, Democratic leaders have  held additional COVID relief hostage. Instead of working with  Republicans to arrive at a compromise bill that both parties can  support and that can make it through both Houses of Congress, Democrats  have insisted that it is their way or the highway. Either Republicans  agree to a bloated, multitrillion-dollar piece of legislation filled  with noncoronavirus-related measures and far-left, liberal wish list  items, a bill that would never make it through both Houses of Congress,  or Americans get no relief. That is basically the choice the Democrats  have left the American people.   It goes without saying that this is not the attitude of a party that  really wants to give help to Americans. This is the attitude of a party  that wants to use this crisis for political purposes.   Democrats figure that they win either way. Either they use this  crisis to force through a bunch of liberal priorities not related to  COVID or they blame Republicans for the lack of a bill.   Completely absent from their calculations is any sense of what their  intransigence is costing the American people.   If Democrats had actually been willing to compromise with Republicans  to reach consensus legislation, we could have had a new COVID relief  bill months ago. Americans could be enjoying additional relief right  now.   Republicans have made it clear since the summer that we were willing  to compromise with Democrats on a new bill. All we asked was that  Democrats come to the table with a reasonable proposal that could  actually make it through both Houses of Congress.   But Democrats haven't been interested. Oh, sure, Speaker Pelosi has  supposedly been working on an agreement with the White House for  months. We constantly hear from the Speaker that a deal is getting  closer, only to discover the next day that a deal isn't really close at  all.   Let me tell you something. If you are the Speaker of the House and  you really want to arrive at a compromise, it doesn't take you 3  months. It probably even doesn't take you 3 weeks.   Democrats have to know very well that there is no way for them to get  a bill containing everything they want through both Houses of Congress,  but Democrats could get some of what they want, and isn't something  better than nothing?   Even if Democrats were right about the need for every penny of  spending that they are calling for, wouldn't it be better to get some  of that spending passed than to have nothing? To Democrats, apparently  the answer is no.   In just a few minutes, the Senate will be voting on Republican  coronavirus legislation. Our bill would provide more money for the  hardest hit small businesses, more healthcare resources to fight the  virus, and money to help schools reopen and operate safely--priorities  that all of us, Democrats and Republicans, should be able to agree on.  In theory, I am pretty sure we do agree on them. And yet all signs  suggest that Democrats will filibuster this coronavirus relief  legislation for the second time--even though passing this bill would  get more money into the hands of small businesses and schools, even  though this bill would provide additional funding for COVID testing and  treatment.   Nevertheless, once again, Democrats will choose nothing--nothing-- over something. Once again, Democrats will decide that if they can't  get everything they want, it is better for Americans not to have  anything.   I hope whatever perceived political gains Democrats are getting from  their refusal to negotiate are worth denying help to the American  people.   In a few minutes, Republicans will cast their votes in favor of COVID  relief, and I invite rank-and-file Democrats to reject their leader's  obstruction and join us on that vote.   I yield the floor.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Alaska (Ms. Murkowski) and the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. Paul).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Alaska (Ms. Murkowski) and the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. Paul).    Reserving the right to object, I just want to say, because  my colleague from Oregon--as he pointed out, he and I work closely  together on a number of issues--trade issues, tax issues, particularly  in the digital space. I know he is a person who tries to find common  ground, tries to find bipartisan solutions. I appreciate that, and I  hope there are a lot more issues in the future that we can work on  together as members of the Finance Committee. He is the ranking  Democrat on the committee. I hope we can work together and find some  things we can do that are good for our economy.   What he is proposing right now is to extend unemployment insurance  benefits at $600 a week. Democrats have said they don't want to do a  piecemeal approach. Yet that is exactly what is being offered right  now. I guess the question is, What has changed? Less than 2 hours ago,  my Democratic colleagues blocked not just extending additional Federal  unemployment benefits but also providing more paycheck help for small  businesses through the PPP program, funding for schools and  universities to reopen, more money for testing and vaccine development,  help for the U.S. Postal Service, and relief for farmers. I would argue  they are all bipartisan priorities. This should be a no-brainer.   What is ironic about it is that our position on this all along has  been that just because we can't do everything doesn't mean we shouldn't  do something. The Democratic position seems to be that just because we  can't do everything, we would rather do nothing. We think the American  people are paying the price for that.   So instead of supporting our comprehensive package, which deals with  all the issues that I mentioned--all of which, I might add, are  bipartisan priorities--we have a proposal here that I think, frankly,  is stuck in the past. For example, this bill would restart extra  unemployment payments that gave most people more money not to work than  to work.   Just to correct the record about one point my colleague from Oregon  made, the amendment offered by Republicans when the CARES package was  being considered wasn't to gut the unemployment program. The Senator  from Oregon fought very hard to get that provision in the CARES  package. There was an amendment offered on the floor that would have  calibrated that Federal unemployment benefit to what an individual is  making--in other words, 100 percent wage replacement. That is what was  in that proposal, and it was voted down on a party-line vote.   If you look at what the CBO estimates, 80 percent of people would be  paid more for not working if the $600-per-week benefit were continued.  It is not just a few dollars more. There was a recent study under the  $600 plus-up that median unemployed workers would receive a benefit of  145 percent of their prior wage. In South Dakota, I will tell you that  the median wage replacement rate was 155 percent. Think about that. If  you are making $30,000, making minimum wage--$15 an hour, $30,000 a  year--in my State of South Dakota, under the Senator from Oregon's  proposal, that individual would  [[Page S6354]]  make $45,000 a year. That is 150 percent of wages or north of that. One  hundred and fifty-five percent is the median wage replacement in my  State of South Dakota. Consider what the incentives are for that person  making $30,000 working or $45,000 not working.   My dad just passed away in August. He was 100 years old. He used to  say: Some things, John, are just kind of old-fashioned horse sense. I  think in this case, this is someplace where you can apply old-fashioned  horse sense. If you offer somebody a benefit that dramatically  exceeds--not by just a little but by a lot--what they would be making  if they were working, obviously you can see what would happen there.   I would point out that when I went back for my father's funeral in  August, in the middle of the travel season in South Dakota--normally an  incredibly busy time--there were little eating places in my hometown  that weren't open. Why? They couldn't find workers. I have talked to  them about that and talked to a lot of small businesses in my State. I  think the $600 payment has acted as a tremendous disincentive for  people to come back into the workforce when there might be jobs  available.   The $600 ended about 3 months ago. Yet the same idea is being offered  up even though the unemployment rate has fallen. In April, it was 14.7  percent. In September, it was 7.9 percent. In my State of South Dakota,  it is 4.1 percent. The idea that with the economy recovering we would  now come back to pay people more for not working than working seems to  be counterintuitive.   Again, our plan, which was opposed by the Democrats 2 hours ago,  would have provided an additional $300-per-week payment through the end  of the year. That is real help that could be made available right now.   Even without this additional $300 payment, some expanded unemployment  benefits are still available through December. If you look at--the  Senator from Oregon mentioned self-employed, independent contractors,  gig workers who are not normally eligible for unemployment. They are  going to get that help through December.   Given the problems with this bill and because it doesn't address the  broader issues that I enumerated earlier, I object.    I would simply point out that the bill that we voted on  and the Democrats all voted against earlier today did include a formula  not unlike what the Senator from Oregon is suggesting, and that is a  flat payment on top of the standard unemployment benefit. It was a $300  payment as opposed to a $600 payment. That would not be complicated to  implement.   The amendment that was offered when the CARES Act passed was a full  wage replacement. There were concerns about whether that could be  implemented by the Department of Labor, to be fair. But honestly, if  you think about it, I am not sure what would be terribly complicated  about having somebody come in and asking ``What do you make? Show me  what you make'' and then saying ``OK. That is what you are going to get  for a benefit--100 percent wage replacement.'' To me, that makes sense.   Again, I would come back to the idea that if you pay somebody more  not to work than to work--people naturally--I think we all do--respond  to incentives. It seems pretty crazy to suggest that you could offer  people 150 percent--or more in my State of South Dakota--of what they  were making while working, in the form of a benefit, and not have them  say ``Gee, I can make 150-some percent more not working than working''  and decide to take that benefit. I think that is what we run into. That  is the economic disruption created by what the Senator from Oregon is  suggesting.   To his point about jobs coming back, that is exactly the point I made  earlier. The unemployment rate in April was 14.7 percent. In September,  it was 7.9 percent. Jobs are coming back. In my State of South Dakota,  it is 4.1 percent. The economy is trending in the right direction as it  starts to open up again. There is demand out there for labor. When the  demand for labor goes up, the price for labor goes up. That is what I  think you will continue to see.   I believe, along with the Senator from Oregon, that we need to help  people who are unemployed. The bill that was just voted down by the  Democrats would have done that at a $300 benefit above and beyond what  the State unemployment insurance program pays. In most States, that is  about 90 percent of wage replacement. To suggest that the Republicans  are being heartless just isn't true.   Obviously, the amendment that we offered back in March when the CARES  Act was being considered had 100 percent wage replacement. It seems  like a very intuitive, practical thing to do to  [[Page S6355]]  say we are going to replace what you were making when you were working.   Obviously, the proposal voted down by the Democrats today had the  State unemployment insurance benefits plus a $300 plus-up, which,  again, is about 90 percent wage replacement.   So I think what the Senator from Oregon is suggesting here is, No. 1,  we do this piecemeal after his side has been saying we have to have a  comprehensive approach. Secondly, he is calling up an amendment that,  frankly, we have kind of moved beyond now. We are in a different place  in the economy.   We still need to help people who are unemployed, but we don't need to  encourage people not to work because it would pay them more--the  government would pay them more than they would make if they were  working. To me, that sounds counterintuitive. I think the American  people get that.   