 Madam President.    Madam President, reserving the right to object, I must  admit I was sitting here, and I thought I was coming over for H.R. 1  from the House, which was attempted to be put on the floor--a bill that  was supposedly designed to create ballot security--and I got here and  found out that this is the bill that will right all wrongs. I had no  idea that in one piece of legislation, so many things could happen.   I understand also it is a bill that stops the subversion of the  Constitution. I actually always thought a principal purpose of our  Constitution was to divide between the State and the Federal Government  those things that could be better done by local government and those  things that could be better done by State government. That certainly is  not what I heard today.   I also thought that the reason for this bill supposedly from the  House was a bill that would create a level of election security that I  never thought the bill would create, but I haven't heard that.   I almost went down to ask as my friend was finishing up, am I really  here for H.R. 1, or is this some other bill that does so much more than  I ever could have imagined that H.R. 1 could do?   In March of 2019, the House did pass this bill. It gave unprecedented  control to the Federal Government over the elections of the country.  You take away--you moved as far as you possibly could, with this bill,  the responsibility for running an election at a precinct in a  jurisdiction.   At that time, the Senate requested that the bill be taken up, and it  was objected to--by me, actually. In the intervening year, the bill  hasn't changed. It appears to have gotten a lot better at what it might  possibly be designed to do, which appears to be everything that anybody  would ever want to deal with, but what it really does is it still  represents a one-size-fits-all Federal power grab to take control of  election administration away from the States and in most cases away  from the community and in many cases away from a locally elected  official whose--the very essence of the job they have been elected to  do is to be sure that not only can people vote but that people have  confidence in what happens on election day. That, in my view, would  change dramatically if you move that responsibility from the people who  have it now to some group here in Washington, DC, who would try to  administer elections nationally.   I am confident that wouldn't happen. In fact, the security of our  elections--since the impetus of this was supposed to be more secure  elections when the House first said they were going to pass a big  election bill that ensures elections will be more secure, I think the  thing that secures our elections the most is the diversity of the  system. This bill would undermine the decentralization of the system.  It would undermine the ability of local officials to be responsible.   I spent 20 years as either the election official in the biggest  county in our State where one person had that responsibility or as the  secretary of state, the chief election official. I have been advised by  and I have given advice to and I have worked with local election  officials who are incredibly motivated to see that what happens on  election day is what voters want to have happen--the ability to cast  their ballots with minimum obstacles and with maximum confidence that  what happened on election day was what voters intended to do. I think I  understand how hard those election officials work and everything they  do to ensure that voters will be heard.    It is not just my opinion. President Obama in 2016 said that ``there  is no serious person out there who would suggest somehow that you could  even rig America's elections, in part because they are so decentralized  and the number of votes involved.'' I actually agree with that. I think  that was right then, and I think that is right now.   But this bill tells States how they could run every aspect of their  election. It takes away the authority of States to determine their own  process in voter registration. It requires States--many States do this.  If States do this and they think it works in their State, fine with me.  But this would require online registration. It would require automatic  voter registration. It would require same-day registration. If we were  concerned about access to the voter rolls, none of those things would  be things that from Washington, DC, we would believe we could require.  It requires the criteria of how you process how a voter can be removed  from the voter rolls. It tells States what kind of election equipment  they must use. It tells States how their ballots have to be counted. It  tells States how their ballots have to be audited. It even goes so far  as to tell States what kind of paper their ballots have to be printed  on.   That is exactly what happens when you decide you are going to make  something better by making one big one-size-fits-all system. Nothing is  too small for that system to decide they can do better than anybody  locally could decide, even what paper the ballot is printed on.   This doesn't stop at that, though. It changes Federal campaign  finance law. It includes politicizing the Federal Elections Commission  by changing it from an evenly divided number to a partisan, five-member  Commission where three members would always be of the opposite party  from the other two. It creates a program for public financing of  Federal elections, which  [[Page S1656]]  was just described as ``grants to politicians''--the most ingenious  description I have heard of giving tax money to politicians to run  elections. It would be a grant to politicians.   This bill hasn't changed since last March, but a lot has changed  since last March. The Intelligence Committee that I am a member of has  released three volumes of its report on Russian interference in the  2016 election. Those three volumes include numerous recommendations to  combat foreign election interference in our elections. The vast  majority of those recommendations are not in this law. Many of those  recommendations have been passed by the Senate and not passed by the  House.   We are going to have a briefing in just about 50 minutes from the  FBI, the Homeland Security people, and the people who are actually  working to secure our elections so that every Senator can hear what is  happening there. None of that is in this bill.   State and local officials have moved dramatically since 2016 to  upgrade their systems. All but two States, I believe, now have largely  moved to where they have an auditable paper trail, which I was always  insisting upon as a State election official. States are moving in that  direction. They are changing their own laws. Federal officials are  giving them advice when they need it but not trying to take over.   This bill not only doesn't acknowledge what State and local officials  have been doing, but it actually undermines what they have been doing  by setting standards that the brandnew equipment might not fit-- equipment that has a paper trail, equipment that States had just  bought, equipment they bought that they think would do a better job but  might not be in full compliance with this new law.   There certainly are things that the Federal Government can do to  assist, particularly in securing local elections and giving advice to  local election officials. H.R. 1 does not do most of those things. It  doesn't meet the standard that it sets for itself. It doesn't address  the actual challenges in elections. So, Madam President, I object.   