 Madam President, first, I want to thank my good friend,  the Senator from Illinois, for his outstanding work on this issue. He  has been such a strong voice for the working families of America, for  the people who need help. And his empathy and understanding of how  average folks are suffering is very, very important.   In fact, I just spoke to his Governor, J. B. Pritzker, and told him  that Senator Durbin is working very hard on something we Democrats  believe is important, and that is money for the States and localities  because they are getting clobbered economically by this crisis. They  have new expenses, and without tax returns being filed until June, much  of their income is not going to be there because of States filing in  concert with the Federal Government.   Now, I will be brief. I just finished a very productive meeting with  Secretary Mnuchin, the White House congressional liaison, Eric Ueland,  and Mark Meadows, the President's Acting Chief of Staff   Last night, I thought we were on the 5-yard line; right now, we are  on the 2. As I also said last night, at this point, of the few  outstanding issues, I don't see any that can't be overcome within the  next few hours.   Here are the things that we have been fighting for, we Senate  Democrats. First, a Marshall Plan for our medical system. Our  hospitals, our nursing homes, our community health centers--our whole  healthcare system--need desperately needed dollars. They need them  fast, and they need them in a very large amount.   Hospital beds have to expand. Expanding capacity is not easy. The  need for ventilators, for PPEs for the workers, for masks, even things  as simple as swabs are not always available. And in New York City, New  York State, and around the country, hospitals are going to be  overwhelmed. Our big hospitals, our medium-size hospitals, our small  hospitals, and the small and rural hospitals actually face the risk of  closing if we don't help them.   So we Senate Democrats have been pushing very hard for an increase, a  significant increase, in money for the healthcare system. We are very,  very pleased with what seems to be moving forward in the bill, in the  bipartisan bill, that we hope will be brought to the floor.   Second, workers first--the title of our Democratic plan has been  ``Workers First.'' We believe we have to put working people--families,  average Americans--ahead of anybody else. They are losing their jobs  through no fault of their own. Their kids are staying home because  there is no school.   There are so many--so many--problems that are befalling average  people, so we wanted to put them first. That has been our No. 1 goal,  along with the Marshall Plan for hospitals.   This bill, as it comes forward, as it is now at least being agreed  upon, has a lot of that. It has unemployment insurance on steroids.  This is a great plan. What it says is that if you lose your job in this  crisis, you can be furloughed by your employer. That means you stay on  that employer's payroll. If you have health benefits with the employer,  you can keep getting them. But, and most importantly, the Federal  Government will pay your salary, your full salary, for now 4 months. We  had asked for 4 months, and 4 months looks like what we are going to  get when we come to this agreement.   It will mean two things. Most of all, it will put money into the  hands of those who need it so much because they have lost their jobs,  as I said, through no fault of their own. So that is vitally important,  and that will pump money into the economy probably in a better way than  anything else could do.   It also has a second benefit. It will keep companies intact. The  small restaurant owner, the middle-size business, even the large  businesses worry that if they just had to remove their workers, fire  them because they don't have any money coming in, those workers would  scatter to the winds, and they would look for other jobs, and when, God  willing, this awful crisis is over, these businesses would not be able  to reassemble. But with our plan, since they stay on the payroll of  their employer, as soon as the crisis is over, they all can come back  together, and that small restaurant, that middle-size manufacturing  facility, and the service business will be able to reassemble quickly,  and we can get the economy going again. That is another thing we have  been fighting for.   We have been fighting very hard that any bailout funds--money to  industries that have trouble--have real oversight and transparency.  That is vitally important. We cannot have the situation where, when a  company is getting money from the Treasury, the Federal Reserve, we  don't know about it. And we have been pushing hard that for any  contract the Federal Government makes with a company to give it loans,  we know of that contract in a very short period of time so that we can  examine it. And we, in the Senate, those in the House, the press, and  the American public will see if those things are on the level because  we all know there was a load of dissatisfaction with TARP.   In addition, we are fighting for oversight, a new inspector general,  to be able to look into these contracts. We would like very much, and  believe we should have, a congressional oversight board as well. We are  fighting for transparency, oversight, and disclosure when the Federal  Government gives corporations money.   We also want to make sure that workers are put first in these  situations so that when there are direct Federal grants and direct  Federal loans to these companies, they either have incentive or mandate  to keep their employees and their benefits. We are making very good  progress in that direction as well.   Small business--we all ache for these small business owners, probably  second to the people who have illness in their families. We ache for  these folks. My father was a small businessman. He had a little  exterminating business. It was never very successful. He would pace the  floor Sunday night at 2 a.m. because he hated going to work. So I know  what people go through. You put your blood, sweat, and tears into your  small business, and all of a sudden, it looks like it is blown away.  Well, there is a very fine proposal, bipartisan, on small business that  I believe will be in this package as well.   So there are lots of good things here. We all know that not everyone  is going to want every provision. We all know there are many things  that so many of us want that are left out, but we all know we must do  these things.   We are not looking for things that are extraneous to this crisis, and  I don't believe they are in this package. We are looking at things that  deal directly with this crisis, and that is what we have proposed here  as Democrats in the Senate. Whether it be workers first, helping our  medical system, providing oversight and transparency in the boards, and  helping small business, those are all directly related to the crisis.  We need them soon. We need them desperately.   In the last few days, we have made huge progress in achieving these  goals. Again, I hope, I pray, that we can come together very quickly  and pass in large numbers the bipartisan bill that will help the  American people, who so badly, badly, badly need our help.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, after 5 days of arduous negotiations,  after sleep-deprived nights, and marathon negotiating sessions, we have  a bipartisan agreement on the largest rescue package in American  history. This is not a moment of celebration but one of necessity. We  have the anguish of the American people, their wondering about the  future of their health, the health of their loved ones, and the  economy. It necessitates us to do all we can to help them and help our  country.   From the very beginning, the Democrats have had two primary goals: a  Marshall Plan for public health workers and hospitals on the frontlines  and of putting workers first. The agreement now, after these 5 days,  reflects those Democratic priorities, and we are proud that they are  now part of this legislation.   Like all compromises, this bill is far from perfect, but we believe  the legislation has been improved significantly to warrant its quick  consideration and passage. Because many Democrats and Republicans were  willing to do the serious and hard work, the bill is much better off  than where it started. The Democrats have succeeded in making the bill  substantially better on many counts.   Here are four major pillars of the bill.   First, a Marshall Plan for our hospitals and medical needs--there is  much more money for our hospitals, for our nurses and physicians, for  our nursing homes and our community health centers to do the jobs they  need to do, over $130 billion.   Second, workers first--so many people are being put out of work  through no fault of their own. They don't know what their futures are  going to be like. How are they going to pay the bills? Well, we come to  their rescue, and the most significant part of that is something we are  proud to have devised. We call it unemployment compensation on  steroids. All American workers who are laid off will have their  salaries remunerated by the Federal Government so they can pay their  bills. Because so many of them will be furloughed rather than fired, if  they have benefits, they will continue, and--extremely important--they  stay with the company or small business. That means that company or  small business can reassemble once this awful plague is over, and our  economy can get going quickly.   Third, strict oversight, transparency, and accountability of all  loans made to corporate America--we need oversight. We need  transparency. Every loan document will be public and be made available  to Congress very quickly so we can see where the money is going, what  the terms are, and if it is fair to the American people. There will be  an oversight board, as well as an IG, to make sure things are done on  the level.   Fourth, real resources for our State and local governments--that was  one of the last decisions we had to make. There is $150 billion that  will go to States and localities that are so hard-pressed because of  all the new expenses that COVID-19 puts upon them, and because they are  not getting the resources they usually get, taxes will be delayed until  June.   Finally, there is real, real help for small businesses. My dad was a  small  [[Page S2008]]  businessman, an exterminator. I know how small business people worry  and suffer. They will get loans, and their employees will be paid by  the Federal Government while they are closed because they don't have  customers or services, and they can, too, bounce back afterward. So  this agreement is really an outstanding agreement.   To them and to all Americans, I say help is on the way, big help and  quick help. We are going to take up and pass this package to care for  those who are now caring for us and help carry millions of Americans  through these dark economic times.   I yield the floor.   