 Madam President, our economy has taken a huge hit from the  coronavirus, and we have a lot of work to do to recover. There are  encouraging signs, and one of those has been the success of the  Paycheck Protection Program.   The pandemic has presented a particular challenge for small  businesses that frequently have very limited cash reserves to draw on.  That is why, thanks to the efforts of Senators Rubio, Collins, and  others, Congress established the Paycheck Protection Program, which  provides forgivable loans to small businesses to help them keep  employees on their payroll during this crisis.   So far, more than 4.5 million small businesses nationwide have  received relief from this program, and the majority of the loans have  gone to the smallest businesses. Nearly 3 million of the 4.5 million  total loans have been at or under $50,000. In my home State of South  Dakota, more than 21,000 businesses have benefited, including some of  the many seasonal businesses that have a limited amount of time each  year to make the money that they need to survive.   I am very grateful to the thousands of bank and credit union  employees around the Nation who processed these loans under challenging  circumstances during the pandemic. All told, millions of small business  jobs have been saved, and a lot of small businesses that might have  gone under during the pandemic are hanging on thanks to this program.   In fact, the Paycheck Protection Program is undoubtedly one of the  main reasons that the May jobs numbers were not as bad as expected.  Instead of net job loss, the economy actually gained jobs.   Now, that is not to suggest that the May jobs report was rosy. Our  unemployment rate is unacceptably high, to put it mildly, but the fact  that we gained jobs is a positive sign. It is definitely a step in the  right direction, and the Paycheck Protection Program helped us get  there.   So far, Congress has provided $2.5 trillion to respond to the  coronavirus, including the almost $700 billion allocated to the  Paycheck Protection Program. That is a staggering amount of money,  equal to roughly half of the entire Federal budget for 2020. These were  extraordinary circumstances and extraordinary action was required.   However, Democrats are now pushing for Congress to rush another  massive bill out the door. It is important to remember that every  dollar Congress has provided to fight the coronavirus has been borrowed  money. Now, as I said, it  [[Page S2984]]  is money that we needed to borrow, but it is still borrowed money that  will have to be repaid.   Will we need to provide more money to confront the pandemic and its  effects? Probably. But we need to make sure that we are only  appropriating what is really necessary. Rushing a $3 trillion bill  through Congress, as Democrats want to do, before the $2.4 trillion we  have already provided has even been fully spent is not a responsible  way to go about providing additional relief. What we need to focus on  right now is monitoring the implementation of coronavirus funding so we  can identify where we have spent sufficiently and where we may need to  do more.   The Paycheck Protection Program provides a good example of the  strategy that we should be using. Congress provided nearly $350 billion  for the Paycheck Protection Program when it was first created. Within a  short time, after the program's kickoff, however, it became clear that  demand was so great that we would need to provide additional funding,  and that is what we did. We provided an additional $310 billion in late  April.   Then, just a couple of weeks ago, we passed another update to the  program--not additional funding but a package of fixes to provide  additional flexibility to small businesses.   I have proposed a further refinement to the program that I hope  Congress will pass in the near future.   While the Paycheck Protection Program is open to self-employed  workers--which describes many farmers--in practice, the program's  guidelines have excluded a lot of agricultural producers.   Low commodity prices and a challenging planting season meant that  many farmers and ranchers had a negative net income in 2019. And right  now, the program's guidelines exclude farmers or ranchers without  employees with a negative net income for last year.   My legislation would allow more farmers to access the Paycheck  Protection Program by allowing them to use their 2019 gross income  instead of their 2019 net income when calculating their loan award.  This is what we should be doing when it comes to additional coronavirus  funding.   The best way to make sure that we are spending taxpayer dollars  wisely and not burdening our economy with more debt is to carefully  monitor the implementation of the funds we have already provided and  use that information to guide further action. That is what we have done  with the Paycheck Protection Program, and that is what we should do  with the other coronavirus funding we passed and the other coronavirus  programs we implemented.   It is also important to remember that sometimes what is required is  not additional money but other types of solutions, like the fixes we  passed that add more flexibility to the Paycheck Protection Program.   As we move forward, I will continue to work with my colleagues to  respond to the coronavirus, and I will continue to do everything I can  to ensure that any additional money we spend is carefully targeted to  the real needs, with an eye to minimizing the burden we are putting on  future generations. We owe younger Americans nothing less.   I yield the floor.   