 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the DELIVER  Act, a bipartisan veterans legislative package that includes two bills  that I have introduced this Congress, the VET TEC Expansion Act and the  Reducing Veteran Homelessness Act of 2020.   I believe that a nation's character can be judged by how well it  treats its veterans when they complete their service and return home.  Providing veterans with flexible education benefits to meet current  workforce needs and protecting our most vulnerable veterans from  homelessness is the least that we can do as a country to repay our debt  of gratitude.   The VET TEC Expansion Act, which I introduced with my colleague from  California, Ro Khanna, builds upon the success of the existing VET TEC  pilot program, which was created by the original VET TEC Act that I  introduced and which President Trump signed into law in 2017 as part of  a broader bipartisan veterans bill. Upon realizing the potential that  non-traditional, ``nanodegree'' educational programs have for our  veterans after visiting such a program in 2017, I discovered that GI  Bill benefits did not cover the cost of enrolling in these types of  programs, which is why I introduced the VET TEC Act.   The VET TEC pilot program began accepting veteran applications in May  2019, and in seeking to keep the program aligned with its mission to  provide veterans with access to technology-oriented and industry- responsive educational courses, I introduced the VET TEC Expansion Act  just under one year after the pilot's official launch. This bill would  allow the VA to accept more course providers into the VET TEC pilot  program, expand VET TEC pilot program eligibility to include certain  servicemembers who are starting the transition to civilian life--so  they may get a jumpstart on obtaining new skills that can help them  secure a job--and would allow the VA to accept education providers that  offer part-time courses, such as night classes, into the pilot program.   All of these provisions were developed in consultation with feedback  from veteran organizations and I am confident that these changes will  allow the VA to provide even more veterans with access to the most up- to-date, non-traditional educational courses possible. The VET TEC  pilot program is incredibly popular, so I am pleased that the DELIVER  Act also authorizes $30 million in additional annual funding for this  pilot program until its expiration in Fiscal Year 2023. This funding  increase appropriately responds to the current overwhelming demand from  veterans who are seeking to participate in non-traditional educational  courses that prepare them for employment in our dynamic, technology- centric economy. An August 2020 VA report to Congress recently found  that thousands of veterans who applied to participate in a VET TEC- approved course received a ``Certificate of Eligibility'' to  participate beginning on October 1, 2020, the start of the 2021 Fiscal  Year, as VET TEC's popularity caused it to run out of funding in its  first pilot year. To me, this is a strong testament to the demand for  flexible educational benefits from our nation's student veterans.   The Reducing Veteran Homelessness Act of 2020, which I introduced  with my colleague from California, Mike Levin, just last week, provides  solutions to address issues that homeless providers have raised with me  in recent years. The successful HUD-VA Supportive Housing Program (or  HUD-VASH Program) has long been plagued by understaffing of case  managers, which prevents supportive housing vouchers allocated through  the program from reaching veterans in need.   My legislation requires the VA to contract out HUD-VASH case manager  services to community experts when these VA case manager positions  remain unfilled for a long period of time and HUD-VASH housing vouchers  in the region remain unutilized. It also modernizes the VA's Grant and  Per Diem program so that homeless providers that participate in this  program receive pay that is based on local or regional conditions  rather than a standard across-the-board rate, in order to prevent  providers operating in parts of the country with higher living costs  from having to reduce services.   I would like to thank Subcommittee Chairman Levin, Committee Ranking  Member Phil Roe and the members of the House Veterans Affairs Committee  for ensuring that our nation's veterans receive the supportive services  that they deserve by including these two pieces of legislation in the  DELIVER Act. Accordingly, I ask my colleagues on both sides of the  aisle to join me in supporting this bill so that we may better serve  the veterans who have so valiantly served our country.   