 Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that  the gentleman from Georgia, the Honorable Kwanza Hall, be permitted to  take the oath of office today.   His certificate of election has not arrived, but there is no contest  and no question has been raised with regard to his election.    Madam Speaker, ladies and gentlemen of the  House, the Honorable Kwanza Hall is a native of Atlanta, attended  Atlanta public schools, and attended the Massachusetts Institute of  Technology.   He worked for the Fulton County Government. He was vice president of  technology for GoodWorks International, and he is currently director of  business development at Mactech Engineering.   In 2002, he was elected to the Atlanta Board of Education. In 2005,  he was elected to the Atlanta City Council, District Two, where he  served three consecutive terms.   Following the death of our beloved colleague, Congressman John Lewis,  Kwanza qualified to run in the special election to fill the unexpired  term of Congressman Lewis, which was held on November 3. There were  several candidates, but none received the required majority under  Georgia law.   On December 1, Kwanza won the runoff special election. His election  means that the people of the Fifth Congressional District of Georgia,  in Atlanta, will be represented and have a voice during this lameduck  session of the 116th Congress as we debate and, hopefully, enact, among  other things, the FY 2021 appropriations bill funding the operations of  the Federal Government and much-needed COVID-19 relief for America's  families, businesses, and our State and local governments.   He is married to Fulton County Commissioner Natalie Hall, and they  have two sons.  [[Page H6057]]    Madam Speaker, I yield to my colleague from the Seventh District of  Georgia, the Honorable   Rob Woodall.    Madam Speaker, as dean of the Georgia  delegation, it is my pleasure to present and to welcome to this House  and to yield to the gentleman from Georgia's Fifth Congressional  District, the Honorable Kwanza Hall.   