 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight a glaring deficiency in this  bill and a missed opportunity to improve America's clean water  infrastructure.   The infrastructure package before us today, unfortunately, fails to  modernize the Clean Water State Revolving Fund, or the Clean Water SRF.  This program allocates Federal money to States and to communities  through the States for clean water initiatives.   Mr. Speaker, this bill, H.R. 2, finally reauthorizes the program for  the first time since 1987. For that reason, a debate on improving the  program, creating efficiencies, and investing more in clean water  infrastructure is certainly warranted. Unfortunately, that debate has  not occurred in this bill.   What this bill does do is increase spending for the program fivefold,  from the $1.6 billion appropriated in fiscal year 2020 to an $8 billion  authorization for fiscal year 2021. However, we have not done any  evaluation of how that money has been distributed to States through a  formula that EPA calls the allotment.   The allotment determines how much funding each State receives on an  annual basis, and that hasn't changed since 1987. Frankly, no one  really knows all the components that make up this formula.   So let me reiterate: The bill before us this week increases spending  for the program by five times without even a discussion or a debate at  the committee or on the House floor about how that money should then be  provided to the States.   Mr. Speaker, I offered a bipartisan amendment with Representative  Brown of Maryland that would implement the EPA's 2016 recommendations  [[Page H2933]]  to Congress for updating the allotment by considering population,  considering infrastructure, considering other needs, considering water  quality.   Mr. Speaker, I urge the chairman to work with us to address this  issue in conference or on the water resources bill. If the Congress  authorizes the program for the first time in over three decades, we  certainly must address the antiquated and unclear allotment to States.   