 ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at  the desk.    ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Chair, my commonsense amendment to  the PRO Act is very simple. It would require union elections to be  conducted by a secret ballot, like every election in the country is.   Look, anybody who wants to in this country has the right to belong to  a union. I was raised in a union household. My dad, after World War II,  worked for 30 years in a factory as a union member.   In fact, this is so simple that in April of 2019, over 80 House  Democrats, including 12 on the Committee on Education and Labor, signed  a letter to Ambassador Lighthizer demanding the same protections for  workers in Mexico as part of the USMCA. I happen to agree with that. If  I had been asked, I would have signed this letter.   If House Democrats believe a secret ballot is essential for Mexican  workers, why don't they want the same rights for American workers?   Mr. Chair, 47 years ago I put on a uniform. I left my family, I left  this country to serve in the United States Army in the 2nd Infantry  Division in Korea, about 11 miles south of the DMZ, to guarantee those  rights for every American citizen to vote by a secret ballot.   My wife tells me she votes for me by secret ballot, but I don't know  that for a fact because it is a secret ballot.   Secret ballots are the pillar of our democracy. It is a right that--I  don't care if you are a billionaire or you don't have two wooden  nickels to rub together; you have that power when you go in the voting  booth because no one, no one has the right to intimidate you in a  secret ballot. You are free from any threat of retribution.   Guaranteeing the right of a secret ballot for union representation is  not just the right thing to do, it is also wildly popular on the  political spectrum. According to 2015 polling from Opinion Research  Corporation, 79 percent of union households, 81 percent of Democrats,  and 81 percent of Independents support the right to a secret ballot for  union organizing campaigns.   This amendment eliminates the so-called ``card-check'' automatic  certification in which a union can organize workers by potentially  harassing, intimidating, or misleading them into signing authorization  cards.   Over the years, in our committee, we have heard firsthand testimony  in the Committee on Education and Labor from several witnesses about  being pressured to sign a card check by union organizers. Under the  card check system, the union organizers are free to harass a worker  over email, the telephone, at their homes, in public, into signing the  union authorization card. That is just not right.   Congress is elected, everybody in this body is elected by a secret  ballot. House and Senate Democrats want a Mexican worker to have that  right. I completely agree with that.   So why aren't American workers being granted the exact same freedoms  that are being demanded and granted abroad?   Furthermore, you are going to hear supporters of card check say that  a card check is needed because the election gives employers the ability  to defeat a union organizing drive. That is nonsense. The most recent  data we have from the Center for Union Facts say that unions were able  to win almost 69 percent of the secret ballot elections that were held.   Our constituents deserve the same guarantee of privacy at the ballot  box as Members of Congress. Union leaders are elected that way; and an  opposition to this amendment makes it clear who is putting the  interests of union bosses above the interest of workers.   We should all support the right to a secret ballot for all Americans.  It is the most American thing I can think of, Mr. Chairman, is that  right you have to go in that voting booth and press the button for  whomever you wish to vote for.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as  I may consume.   For over 220 years since we have had a Constitution in the United  States of America, one of the most precious rights we have is a secret  ballot. And I wouldn't know why anybody would fear--if you have a great  case to make for the union, fine. Make it.   I think we have a right to be unionized or not be unionized. As I  said, I was raised in a union household.   But I think that is one of the most sacred rights that we have, as  American citizens, as many people do not have. We ask that same right  for our Mexican worker. I think we should treat an American worker the  same way.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded  vote.    ROE of Tennessee, Mr. WALDEN, Mr. LATTA,  Mr. BILIRAKIS, 