 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Montana, as well  as others who have supported this.   Mr. Speaker, the sad reality is, here in the United States, we are in  the middle of a tragedy. It is a tragedy that is particularly painful  for our youth and our veterans, as so many of them have experienced  suicide and left tragedies behind for them and their families.   If you are in the middle of a mental health crisis and you need help,  if you are worried about one of your children, your son, a daughter, a  roommate, a friend, you need to know who to call. But the problem is,  no one knows the number.   The second problem is, the number is different. If you are calling in  Salt Lake City, it is a different number than if you are calling in New  York or if you are calling from California or even another part of  Utah.   This fixes it, which is why I rise to support the bill, S. 2661.   Mr. Speaker, I am so pleased, working with, again, my colleagues,  that after 4 years of working on designating this three-digit number-- legislation which, by the way, was based on something that we did in  Utah about 4 years ago--we are finally going to pass this bill to do  just that.   Imagine this: Every 11 minutes, somebody in the United States commits  suicide--not attempts suicide, actually commits suicide--leaving behind  devastation of broken hearts and broken families and friends. It used  to be that if I spoke to a group of 100 and said, ``How many of you  have been impacted by someone you know or love and you care about who  has attempted suicide or committed suicide?'' 5 or 6 years ago, maybe a  few hands would come up. Now, in those settings, almost everyone raises  their hands.   That is good because we are more willing to acknowledge and recognize  the problem and to discuss it. But the truth is, most of us have been  affected in one way or another by someone we know, someone we care  about.   It is heartbreaking, as I said, not only for the lives that are taken  but the family and the friends who are left behind to mourn that  terrible loss. Too many of us have been impacted by suicide and the  very real need to do something about it, and this bill does.   By designating ``988'' as a nationwide hotline number, we increase  the accessibility.   If your house is on fire, call 911.   If you need the police, call 911.   If you are in the middle of a mental health crisis, 988 is going to  get you help. It is going to immediately give you someone to talk with  and, in special cases where intervention is necessary, to give you that  resource as well.   Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues here in the House, and I thank my  colleagues in the Senate, to join with them in helping those people who  need our help--the most vulnerable, again, as I started out by saying,  particularly among our youth and our veterans.   