 Mr. Speaker, I first want to thank  Chairwoman Speier for the hard work that we did together on the  Military Personnel Subcommittee, Ranking Member Thornberry, who has  provided leadership my entire time, and Chairman Smith for the great  job that they have done in passing a bipartisan bill out of committee.   I stand before you today in proud support of the bipartisan defense  bill that we unanimously voted out of committee during the  extraordinary circumstances of COVID-19. This bill does more for  families and servicemembers than any that come to my mind. It is a huge  step forward, but there is still work to do.   However, I am concerned with the many amendments that would impose  across-the-board budget cuts that may affect programs that support our  military families. I am also concerned with the potential size of this  cut, which, by my understanding, would be about $73 billion, more than  twice the impact of the fiscal year 2013 sequester.    The bill that was voted out of committee continues to support and  improve the lives of those who sacrifice for our country on a daily  basis by authorizing a military basic pay raise of 3 percent.   This bill reinforces the committee's longstanding commitment to the  military family by requiring the Department of Defense to redefine  military family readiness and military family resiliency, and it  provides for significant reforms to the Exceptional Family Member  Program.   This bill addresses the COVID-19 pandemic by requiring the military  to assess the diagnostic equipment, testing capabilities, personal  protective equipment, and treatment capabilities of the Armed Forces.  It also requires the National Security Strategy to include the drugs,  vaccines, and other critical medical equipment that will ensure combat  readiness and lethality by safeguarding the health of our Armed Forces.   Mr. Speaker, I want to again thank Chairwoman Speier, because this  bill will continue to support our servicemembers and retain their  families.   Mr. Speaker, this is an outstanding bipartisan bill dedicated to our  servicemembers, military families, and retirees, and it gives them the  care and support they need, deserve, and have earned.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, this is dangerous. This same amendment, but in a lesser  form not nearly as dangerous and not nearly as restrictive, was  defeated in a bipartisan manner in committee. The reason that it was is  because we are having a knee-jerk reaction to what we think the  President might do--not what he did, but what we think he might do.   This is dangerous. I can tell you, Mr. Speaker, I come from a State  where, had the Insurrection Act not been in effect when Eisenhower and  Kennedy were Presidents, we would be in a different-looking Chamber  today. They allowed the schools of Mississippi, Arkansas, and Alabama  to be integrated. Those Presidents allowed, through the Insurrection  Act, the Freedom Riders to go through the State of Mississippi with the  National Guard.   But here we are with more restrictions. Not only do we want to put  troops out there when we say it is okay--and I don't know who ``we''  is, but it doesn't need to be a ``we''--but we are going to further  restrict the President, and we are going to tie the hands of those  servicemembers whom we send in harm's way. It is dangerous. They can't  search, and they can't participate.   Mr. Speaker, we need to defeat this amendment, and there needs to be  a long discussion if we want to change that. But it doesn't need to be  in this bill. This is a poison pill. Let's defeat this amendment.    Mr. Speaker, the UFR list does not add any  additional spending authorizations to the NDAA. Congress has a  constitutional responsibility to fund the military. These lists provide  us with insight into senior leader requirements. It allows us to allow  the combatant commanders, the people down there who are closest to the  troops, to tell us what they need.   I am surprised that she is for the current administration, and the  DOD that is appointed by the current administration, to tell us how we  need to spend our money in Congress. I am not for that with any  President.   We need to do our job as Congress, and we need to listen to the  people closest to the ground, and it does not add any money to the  current NDAA process.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   This amendment is a remedy that has no current or no historical  problems. It is a remedy in search of a solution. We debated this in  the Armed Services Committee.   This goes a step further. It defines what Federal law enforcement is,  in direct opposition of what is already defined by the Department of  Justice.   There is a place and time for this debate, but it is not today. It is  not well thought out enough. It doesn't cover local and State officials  under the Insurrection Act, like Mr. Mitchell's son probably, unless he  is a Federal law enforcement officer. It doesn't cover Federal  employees.   It is just not well thought out, and right now, this is not a problem  that needs to be addressed. There are more important issues that we  have right now than what we think the President might do.   Don't get me wrong. We had the same debate last year when there was  no talk of the Insurrection Act by the President. This is just a way to  shut down what our National Guard and what our Presidential authorities  are because we don't like this President.   Well, guess what. It applies to all Presidents, all those in the  future.   This is bad law, and it is a knee-jerk reaction to a problem that  does not exist.   