 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I rise in opposition to the House amendments to H.R. 550.   Before I explain why, I need to address what has become an all-too- frequent occurrence in this esteemed body, the abuse of power by the  Democrat majority. We saw it during impeachment, and we are seeing it  again now.   Today, Democrats are denying basic and essential floor rights to the  Republicans as we consider these two flawed Iran measures.  Specifically, by considering these measures as amendments to an  unrelated, Gold Medal bill, the majority is intentionally using a  partisan procedural gimmick to silence dissenting opinions. Even Ro  Khanna recently admitted as much. He didn't want a vote on an amendment  that could ``divide the caucus.''   Leader Hoyer did not respond to my letter that I recently sent him;  the idea of eliminating a motion to recommit. We appealed to address  these concerns and were rejected on the floor over and over again; 25  times, to be exact.   And no Republican amendments were ruled in order, including my  amendment with Ranking Member Cole that would have allowed the  President to use force if there was an imminent threat against the  United States or our ally, Israel. Democrats were too afraid to debate  that.   We can all agree that the decision to go to war is the most  significant choice Congress can make, followed only by impeachment.   And we could also agree, as Leader Hoyer recently said, that ``more  Members from across the ideological spectrum need to have input into  the work we do'' in the House.   These measures should be withdrawn until the Republicans' rights are  fully restored. This tactic purposely eliminates Republicans' last  opportunity to amend legislation, the motion to recommit.   Now, for 100 years, in this body, the motion to recommit has given  the minority the right to--and let's quote--``have a vote upon its  position upon great public questions.'' That is the definition of a  motion to recommit. ``Have a vote upon its position upon great public  questions.''   In other words, MTRs allow constituents whose Members are in the  minority to have their voices heard. Certainly, I would think this  issue before us would meet the standard of a great public question.   As referred to earlier, I sent that letter to Leader Hoyer earlier  this week, the procedural gimmick is not only wrong, it is in bad  faith. The House has never debated matters of war and peace in such an  irregular and restrictive manner.   What's more, Speaker Pelosi gave her word that her majority would not  [[Page H731]]  govern like this. Just last May, she claimed to be ``a big respecter''  of minority rights.   You know what is so ironic about all of this? The use of this is very  rare throughout the history of this entire body, a body we all respect.   What is most depressing is people talk a bigger game than they show  in their actions.   Let me show you a little research on how often this tactic has ever  been used. It wasn't used ever on war, probably the most significant  thing we would debate on this floor. But we are using a Gold Medal bill  we already voted for, just for a gimmick.   In fact, in the 110th Congress, 16 times House bills with a Senate  amendment were considered, and there was not one MTR given to the  minority. If I have to refresh your memory, in the 110th Congress,  Democrats were in the majority.   Compare that to in the Republican-led 109th Congress, which only  debated one message, one time, under a rule like this. You know what  the majority Republican-led Congress did then? They provided the  minority with an amendment to compensate for the loss of a motion to  recommit; something this majority has failed to do, again.   There is a difference between our two parties, and there is no bigger  example than the tactic used today.   If Democrats will not withdraw these amendments, the House should  vote them down immediately. This is a terrible time to be considering a  repeal of the 2002 AUMF, a key authority to protect ourselves from the  Iranian-backed militias in Iraq.   The Soleimani strike delivered a clear message to Iran: If you kill a  U.S. citizen, you will suffer the consequences. For the first time in  years, deterrence has been reestablished.   Yet, the threat of Iran and Iraq still remains and cannot be ignored.  For the last 6 months, Iran has moved more and more military assets  into Iraq. That is a fact.   And though deterrence has changed Iran's calculus, it has not  eliminated the timeless goals: One, to kick the United States out of  the region by fraud or force; two, turn Iraq into a puppet state; and,  three, take away the freedom of the Iraqi people, just as they stole  the freedom from their own people.   Let's not forget that Iran will seize every opportunity to undermine  our interests in the region.   The Lee amendment would have us repeat the same strategic failures of  the Obama administration, whose rush to withdraw from Iraq on a  political timeline led to the direct rise of ISIS. If passed, it would  send a message of weakness and division to the regime in Iran.   The Ro Khanna amendment is even more foolish and poorly-timed. The  claim that it just prohibits an unauthorized war against Iran is  totally false.   The Members on their phones should take a moment and actually realize  what they are going to vote on because there are consequences to this  judgment. They may make it easier, where they do not have to have an  amendment where they actually have facts before their eyes and be  judged upon a vote that is so serious as war.   Plainly, it abuses the power of the purse by proactively banning the  use of force far short of war and makes exemptions only for direct  attacks on U.S. territory or troops. Its effects are more constraining  than the War Powers Resolution, which forces cutoffs in just 60 days.    Consider a few scenarios that would be illegal under Ro Khanna's  proposal. This is what you are voting for.   Think, for a moment, if Iran plans catastrophic attacks against New  York and Jerusalem. The intelligence is clear and undeniable. Under  Khanna's bill, we couldn't use the military to protect ourselves or our  allies. That is what you will vote for and have to answer to.   U.S. citizens are kidnapped, and our government knows the location  and how to save them. Under Khanna's bill, we could not use our Navy  SEALs or any other part of our military to rescue those Americans.   A U.S. merchant ship is in international waters and is being hijacked  by the IRGC. Under the Ro Khanna bill, we couldn't come to their  rescue.   Any way you look at it, these amendments do not make Americans or our  allies safer. But this is becoming a recurring, bad pattern for House  Democrats.   It is interesting, the more I listen on the floor from the other  side, Madam Speaker, I hear blame America first, instead of protect  America first.   First, they had to be shamed by the Republicans into passing a  resolution this week in support of the Iranian protesters. They  rejected a Republican-led resolution just 2 weeks ago that would have  given our total support.   Now, Democrats refuse to stand for our troops or our allies against  our enemies.   Madam Speaker, the future of our policy in the Middle East will play  a crucial role in determining the security of our citizens and the  character of our Nation.   Iran is watching what we are doing today. Its regime is looking for  signs of hesitation and disagreement, just like the denying of standing  with those college students who would not walk on an American flag. But  Congress would not say a word that week.   Its citizens--who are protesting in the streets for a free and  accountable government--are looking for signs of assurance, poise, and  support. They did not find that a few weeks ago. And today, they are  going to hear a whole different message, once again.   But they aren't the only ones watching. China and Russia are also  closely studying our actions for signs. Our long-term competition with  China, in particular, directly involves Middle East energy resources  which are still essential for our allies in the Pacific, even though,  we, ourselves, are energy-independent.   Everyone is looking for signs about the future. Will it be a future  we can be proud of or a future that we are going to be ashamed of?   Well, the future is never clear, but this much is: If we abandon our  commitments now, we will be saying that we lack confidence in our  values and resolve in our mission. The world will say, and history will  record that we lost faith in the American cause in the moment that it  was needed the most.   This is not the America I know and love. This is not the America you  know and love. America is better than this. Americans are stronger than  this.   I see an unbreakable spirit in my fellow Americans, and I know that,  whatever the challenges ahead, together, we are up to the task; which  is why I am ashamed of the actions of many of my colleagues today which  divide us instead of uniting us.   If you truly believe in your position, debate it. If you truly  believe in your position, stick with the 100-year tradition of allowing  constituents to have a voice. You denied any ability to offer one  amendment--one amendment.   You are so sure in your position that, yes, when the American is  kidnapped, they won't need the Navy SEAL to rescue them. You are so  sure in your position that when we know the facts of the attack coming,  you are so much smarter that you will tell Americans who die that we  should not have stopped it.   You are so sure in your position that you would change a century of  history just so you wouldn't have to debate.   Madam Speaker, that is not what the Founders devised this floor to be  about; that the sheer, raw power of a majority would be used in a  manner to deny a voice because they could not win a vote; because they  wanted to drive a policy that made us weaker.   Madam Speaker, the idea that we would blame America first, instead of  stand with it, is not one I could support.   Madam Speaker, it has been very clear from the administration, from  the intel community, from our men and women in service, this is not  what they expect of us.   If you are proud enough, and you believe your policy brings people  more freedom, why would you change 100 years of precedent? Why would  you change, just to be able to think you can win in a corrupt manner?   Madam Speaker, I hope all those examples I showed never come to  fruition, because we could not look at Americans in the eye and say we  had an honest debate; it was played by the rules; and everybody had an  opportunity to make sure it was the best resolution passed.   No. History will say there was a Gold Medal bill that everybody voted  for,  [[Page H732]]  then we gutted it and amended it, so we denied people a voice. Because  of sheer, raw power of being in the majority, we were willing to break  a 100-year tradition.   It doesn't matter what the language said or how open it would be. It  doesn't matter that we were afraid to be challenged that our bill is  wrong. We think we are so right that we will do anything to make  America weaker.   