 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman for yielding and  appreciate him sharing his time with us, and Representative Smith for  his tireless work on this issue.   Mr. Speaker, I am immensely grateful to live in Arizona, a State that  prioritizes the protection of the unborn. During my tenure in the  Arizona State Legislature, we passed dozens of pro-life bills. In fact,  Arizona was recently named one of the top three pro-life States in the  Union by Americans United for Life.   I appreciate the efforts of pro-life advocates across my district who  have worked tirelessly to help countless women choose life for their  unborn babies. The Arizona March for Life is taking place this weekend  in Phoenix, and I wish them great success.   You see, pro-abortion advocates are the Luddites of our time. They  deny the reality of what science has repeatedly demonstrated about the  unborn. There is nothing that we do in Congress that will have efficacy  if we choose to and fail to protect the most innocent among us.   This Congress, I introduced H.R. 2742, the Abortion Is Not Health  Care Act, to prevent abortions from being considered a tax-deductible  medical expense. I have also cosponsored nearly two dozen bills seeking  to protect the unborn, including the Pain-Capable Unborn Child  Protection Act, Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act, the  Defund Planned Parenthood Act, and the Heartbeat Protection Act.   As we are here tonight, I can't help but think of when my wife was  pregnant and we expected each of our children. Even without today's  technology, we knew that each of those children was special, a unique  individual, alive and helpless, dependent upon us, and that we had a  responsibility for their safety and well-being.   How can this Nation, founded under the principles and understanding  of God's direction and hand in the formation of this country, how can  we expect the affirming and continued blessings of the Deity, whom we  all revere, if we continue to sacrifice on the altar of selfishness  these unborn children?   Mr. Speaker, I call on my colleagues to end this practice.   