 Mr. President, first, I would like to associate my  remarks 100 percent with everything Senator Scott just said. Somehow I  am supposed to speak after he just said it.   The frustration that I have had over the past couple of days as we  have worked very hard in pulling the legislation together is we have  talked to people all over. I have talked to people of all backgrounds  all over Oklahoma. I have talked to members of the community. I have  talked to law enforcement. I have talked to leadership in law  enforcement. We have worked to build a coalition of ideas, things that  would pass, answering the question that Tim Scott started with: Could  we pull together a piece of legislation that would actually help--not  to just pass something so we can walk away, pat each other on the back  and say ``We passed something,'' knowing quietly that it really isn't  going to make any difference? Is there something we could do that would  actually make a difference?   Over the weeks we have worked to identify what could pass, what could  make a difference, what answers the questions everyone is asking. We  didn't look at whether it was a Republican or Democratic idea. We just  asked the question, what would make the difference, because I don't  believe equal justice under the law is owned by a party. It has been  fascinating to me, the questions I have had over the past couple of  days as members of the media would quietly pull me aside and say: Hey,  are Republicans going to be able to pass a bill on race? Quietly, they  are asking the question: We know all those Republicans are racist, so  are you going to be able to pull something off? That is really what  they are saying in the background. Over and over again, I heard it  through the media and have seen it put out there: You know those  Republicans are all racist. I don't think they are going to be able to  pass something dealing with race.   As this dividing message continues to go out, we continue to do our  work because we also believe in equal justice under the law. As a  friend of mine said to me a couple of weeks ago, we also believe we  should be able to work toward a more perfect Union.   For me, it is not only a practical issue, not only a family issue; it  is not only a friendship issue; it is not only a basic freedom and  liberty issue; it is not just a constitutional issue. For me, it is  also a Biblical issue. You can go back as many pages as you want to in  Scripture and work your way from beginning to end, and you are going to  find some very consistent themes. Throughout the book of Deuteronomy,  there is a statement about how God's affection is ``for equal weights  and measures.'' His first challenge to government when literally the  Jews were establishing their first government, God spoke to them,  saying, make sure there are equal weights and measures. It is a simple  way of saying, whether you are rich or poor, whether you are a  foreigner, whether you are a member, whether you are in or out,  everyone is to be treated the same, equal weights, equal measures. Find  that passage over and over and over again through the Old Testament.  Read it all the way to the Book of the Revelation at the end.   At the Book of Revelation at the end, there is a gathering around the  throne that is pictured. At the very end, there is the gathering of the  Kingdom of God. As they gather around the throne, it is described as  every tribe, every nation, every language, every people, all gathered.   For me, this is a Biblical issue as well as being a personal issue,  but for us as a nation, it is a legal issue. It is about where we find  inconsistencies in the application of the law, we are to correct it,  and we do what we can to make it right.   This bill is designed with a simple statement in mind. How can we  provide accountability, transparency, and training in law enforcement  so that the good cops shine and those who are bad apples in the mix,  the light shines on them.   That is all we are asking. We want to see things change. People in my  towns across my State want to see things change and want to know that  this is not just a vote that is a partisan vote; it is a vote to  actually get something solved.   It wasn't that long ago that this body was gathering and voted  unanimously on an almost $3 trillion bill dealing with a major problem  in America, COVID-19. Why don't we get together again, hash out the  issues, and unanimously come to some decisions again on a major problem  in America, injustice?   We can't pass something that bans racism. I wish we could. We would  have  [[Page S3043]]  all taken that vote. We can't ban racism. That is passed on through  families and individuals. Children are not born racist. They are raised  racist. Families have to make a decision about what they are going to  do in their family. The national conversation about race doesn't happen  in this room. The national conversation on race happens in kitchens and  dining rooms.   We can do something about justice. There are simple things we tried  to gather, a set of ideas that aren't partisan. They are ideas and  solutions that have come from all over the place, some Democratic and  some Republican, and we pulled these things together, and we are asking  a simple question: Will our Democratic Members take a vote with us next  week to move to this bill to amend it, debate it, talk about it, have a  real dialogue, and pass something that we think will work? Will this  bill look exactly like this? It probably will look a lot like this  because there are aspects of this that look like this in the House  right now. Will there be additional ideas? Probably. Why don't we  debate it and talk about it? Why don't we both open it up and discuss  it and why don't we actually try to solve it?   There are things such as, if there is bodily injury or death in  police custody, that all of that information has to come in to the FBI  so we can disseminate it and get transparency in the country. In fact,  40 percent of the departments report that, but a lot of them do not.   There are a lot of places that do no-knock warrants. We don't have  information about that. We know it is happening all over the country,  and there is some conversation about maybe we should end part of it or  keep part of it. What would that look like? We don't have the  information gathered. Why don't we get information on no-knock warrants  so that we can make an informed decision and then act on it?   Why don't we deal with some basic problems that are out there that we  have seen several times in some of the worst moments? Something  happens, and law enforcement is not wearing a body camera, and it is  one opinion against another opinion. Why don't we get more body cameras  in the streets, and why don't we make sure those body cameras are  actually turned on all the time? There is new technology in body  cameras so that they automatically turn on when there is a call. Law  enforcement doesn't have to worry about, ``I forgot to turn it on.'' It  turns itself on. Why don't we incentivize it to encourage new body  cameras with automatic features to turn it on so we always  have footage?    Why don't we hold people to account if there is a false police report  that is filed? In several cases of late, when the incident was over, a  written police report was filed. Later, cell phone video came out that  was completely different from the original police report. Well, that is  a false report. Why don't we hold that bad apple to account?   Why don't we end choke holds? Most departments already have. Why  don't we just end it nationwide? Why don't we say to departments: If  you want to get a Federal grant for any law enforcement purpose, you  can't get that or you get a reduced amount or you get a big deduction  unless your department has already banned choke holds. Basically, we  lay the marker out there and say: We expect you to take action on this.   Why don't we deal with the issues that are before us that people are  asking questions about, and where we lack information, let's go get it.   It was several years ago that Senator Peters, on the Democratic side,  and Senator Cornyn, on the Republican side, put out a proposal to have  a Commission study these issues and more, to gather information and  make recommendations and to start passing legislation in a unified way.  It passed in the Senate unanimously and died in the House. Let's bring  that legislation back up.   We tried to do some work in the Senate to head this off. Let's do it  again and see what we can actually do. Where we find departments that  are recruiting officers and the department doesn't match the ethnicity  of their community, why don't we provide grants for that community and  that police department to be able to have a Black recruiter recruit  more Black officers and to help them financially in the earliest days  through the police academy to make sure that department profile matches  that community?   One of the great gains of the last 30 years has been community  policing, allowing officers to be able to get out of their car and meet  their community and to engage so communities are policing together. Why  don't we do that?   I did a ride-along with an officer several years ago, and I will  never forget it. As we were riding through his community and his  neighborhood where he always patrolled, we drove by an elderly lady as  sweet as she could be sitting on her front porch. As we drove by I  asked: Does she sit out there every day?   The police officer laughed and said: Yep, she sits out there every  day.   I asked: Have you ever stopped to meet her?   He hesitated for a long time, and he said: No, I never have.   Community policing does make a difference. When you get a chance to  meet the people in the community, get to know them, and share the  responsibility together for actually working to solve problems that we  face.   We are laying down a set of ideas that we feel will make a  difference, not just make a message. Other people have other ideas.  Bring them. Let's open it up.   Let's not have heated debate. Let's have debate that solves the  problems so that at the end of this, we know what we are solving. We  solve it, and then we keep going.   I yield the floor   