 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, we are here to talk about agriculture. We  are here to talk about those great farmers and ranchers who feed this  country and feed the world.   You know, when we talk about good farm policy, we are talking about  something that benefits every single American every single day because  our farmers and ranchers produce the highest quality, lowest cost food  supply in the history of the world that benefits every single American  every single day. That is just how important it is. How could we be  reminded even more so right now than during this COVID pandemic of that  abundant, safe, wonderful food supply that we have every day thanks to  our farmers and ranchers, and there is so much that goes into it.   As the Presiding Officer well knows, with Nebraska as his State and  its being a big part of the incredible ag production in this country-- as a matter of fact, there could be a little rivalry here with his  contiguous State to the north in terms of cattle production or  something like that--this is something that touches everybody every day  and is so important.   It is not just those farmers and ranchers who produce that food every  day; it is the whole supply chain that has to work. Remember, that food  supply has to be safe every day, not only tasty and affordable and  abundant, and that is what we are talking about. This has become a big,  big issue in the continuing resolution that we are working on right now  in that the way we are funding the coronavirus food assistance  programs, in part, is with the direct funding that we secured in the  CARES Act and also from what they call the CCC, the Commodity Credit  Corporation. With regard to the farm bill--the bipartisan farm bill  that has incredibly strong support on both sides of the aisle in this  body and the House--many of its very key programs are funded by the  Commodity Credit Corporation. We put about $30 billion a year into that  fund every year to make sure that those programs are funded to support  our farmers and ranchers.   That was not in the original House version that was going to be  filed, so a group of Senators from ag States came together last week  and had a colloquy in this body. They immediately went to work with our  friends in the House who are also strong supporters of agriculture and  now the continuing resolution that has passed the House overwhelmingly,  which we will be taking up, has that key funding in it.   So we are really here to, once again, emphasize the importance of  making sure we fund these farm programs, to make sure that we fund them  in a timely way, and, again, to point out very clearly that this is  funding that is being used expressly the way it was authorized to be  used both in the overwhelmingly bipartisan farm bill we passed--the 5- year farm bill--but also in the CARES Act, in which we secured  additional funding. Now the funding that is included in the continuing  resolution is exactly that funding that we put out there every year to  make sure this farm bill is provided on time.   It could not be more important than this year, when not only are our  farmers and ranchers fighting COVID but  [[Page S5800]]  when they are fighting low commodity prices, challenges in the world of  trade in their being targeted by China, fighting challenges of tough  weather, and on top of that, COVID. So, again, we have to be there for  them.   I thank the Members of the Senate and the House who worked very hard  on this and the farm group, and I am going to kind of run through this  whole roster here in a minute.   Before I do that, I turn to the senior Senator from South Dakota--our  whip here in the Senate and somebody who has worked on behalf of  agriculture his whole life--and ask him for a few of his comments.    I thank the Senate's majority whip for all of the work he  has done.   Again, he works for farmers day in and day out. He comes from South  Dakota, which is a strong farming and big ranching State. He was  instrumental in this effort, not only by his joining us last week in  the colloquy but then by engaging in the negotiations as part of our  leadership time, along with our majority leader, who held fast on this.   I have to tell you that, as we negotiated back and forth with the  House, our leadership--Senator McConnell, Senator Thune, and others-- held strong in saying: No, this is something that must be in the  continuing resolution. Also, the administration--the President and the  White House--was involved in this negotiation and held fast on this as  well.   This is one of the last pieces of the puzzle to come into place, but  it is so very important that we have gotten it. As I say, we had seven  Senators down on the floor last week who were talking about it, and  those seven Senators were led by our Ag chairman, and I will I ask him  to make a few comments as well.   Again, let me thank those other Senators who have joined and will  join us--Senator Thune, from whom you just heard; Senator Boozman, from  whom you will hear in just a minute; Senator Ernst, of Iowa; Senator  Fischer, of Nebraska; and Senator Hyde-Smith, of Mississippi. All have  strong ag backgrounds. I mean, they are people who not only work on  behalf of agriculture but who are involved in agriculture. They are not  just here, advocating for it--they live it. It is a great group.   They have also reached out to so many in the House, to the farm  groups, to the commodity groups, and to the ag groups, which I will  talk a little bit more about later.   Let me turn to our Ag chairman, who, though still a relatively young  man, has been in the House and the Senate for many years and has always  been a tireless advocate for agriculture. He is a marine--once a marine  always a marine. Semper Fi. He brings that attitude--that marine, you  know, ``never turn back and never let up'' attitude--and makes sure  that he does everything he can on behalf of our farmers and ranchers.   I yield to the chairman.    Mr. President, I would like to thank the Senator from  Arkansas again for his diligence and hard work, and our Ag chairman.   I just want to wrap up with some thank-yous, as well, and it starts  with our Ag chairman, not only for his leadership on the farm bill but  then on making sure we fund these farm programs.   I tell you, it has been something that I know Senator Boozman agrees  with me on. We have learned a lot from him, and we appreciate it. It  has made a real difference for farmers and ranchers across this  country.   I want to thank, of course, all of the Senators that worked with us  on this project--I named them earlier--but our House Members too. We  reached out to Members of the House, whether it was the ranking member  on the Ag Committee, Representative Conaway, or whether it was  Representative Fortenberry. There are many others that reached out and  helped as well.   I agree. I want to thank our staff, led by Tony Eberhard, my chief,  and on the Agriculture side, by Morgan Ulmer and her whole crew,  Shannon Hines, and, of course, Richard Shelby, our leader on the  Approps side, and somebody whom you worked with for many, many years,  Mr. Chairman.   It takes all of these people working together. This was really  important, not just for the farm bill but for that disaster assistance,  the coronavirus food assistance funding that we are providing, as well,  which our farmers and ranchers need so very much as we go through this  COVID fight.   So let me just wrap up. This is something that the Ag chairman  brought up. I thought, as usual, right on. He said we wouldn't have  been able to get this done without the farm groups and the ranch groups  stepping up and calling their Member, whether it was their Senator or  their House Member.   Our chairman also already introduced this into the Record--the  letter--which was so important. But I am going to take just a minute  and read through those ag groups, if I could, as our way of finishing  up with a thank you.   I am just going to read through those 47 groups: Agriculture  Retailers Association, Amcot, American Agri-Women, American Cotton  Producers, American Cotton Shippers Association, the American Dairy  Coalition, American Farm Bureau Federation.   I have got to say that the American Farm Bureau Federation took a  real leadership role, so a special thanks there.   But thanks to all of these groups: American Pulse Association,  American Sheep Industry Association, American Soybean Association,  American Sugar Alliance, Association of Equipment Manufacturers, Cotton  Growers Warehouse Association; Cotton Warehouse Association of America,  Crop Insurance Professionals Association, National Association of Wheat  Growers, National Barley Growers Association, National Cattlemen's Beef  Association, National Corn Growers Association, National Cotton  Council, National Cotton Ginners Association, National Council of  Farmer Cooperatives, National Farmers Union, National Milk Producers  Federation, National Sorghum Producers, National Sunflower Association,  Panhandle Peanut Growers Association, Plains Cotton Growers, Produce  Marketing Association, Rural & Agriculture Council of America, Society  of American Florists, Southeast Cotton Ginners Association, Southern  Cotton Growers, Southwest Council of Agribusiness, U.S. Canola  Association, U.S. Cattlemen's Association, United Egg Producers, United  States Peanut Federation, US Rice Producers Association, USA Dry Pea &  Lentil Council, USA Rice, and Western Peanut Growers Association--all  representing farmers and ranchers.   They produce the highest quality, lowest cost food supply in the  world that benefits every single American, every single day.   With pleasure I yield, for the final words, to our esteemed chairman.    Mr. Chairman, I also want to add Terry Van Doren to that  list, who is here this morning on the floor. He worked tirelessly and  stood firm in the negotiations. So, Terry, thank you to you as well.   And, again, the final word, though, has to go--I think Senator  Boozman would agree with me--to our Ag chairman. Thanks so much   