 Mr. President, it is my pleasure to introduce the  Restoring Critical Supply Chains and Intellectual Property Act.   China looms large in this debate about the coronavirus. That is where  the virus originated. The lying and deceptive behavior of the Chinese  Communist Party has brought this pandemic to the world. It is the third  pandemic to come out of China. I think it is now time for us to get  serious about our dependency on China.   What does this legislation do? It has four components.   The protective equipment that our nurses and doctors and all  healthcare workers use to protect themselves on the frontlines--90  percent of it is made in China. We are going to try to bring it back  home. We have a ``Buy American'' requirement in this bill--a $7.5  billion tax credit to reenergize American production of PPE equipment.   We are trying to get PPE under the Berry amendment of the Defense  bill. We require our uniforms for our military to be made in America to  the extent possible. We are going to try to create PPE in the same  category as a national security item.   There will be a $7.5 billion tax credit to jump-start this industry.  A lot of good jobs will come from this, and we will be less dependent  on China when it comes to protective equipment.   I will discuss Senator Portman's legislation, Safeguarding American  Innovation Act, which is included, Senator Cornyn's CHIPS for America  Act, and Senator Murkowski's American Mineral Security Act very  quickly.   Senator Cornyn's CHIPS for America Act creates tax incentives to  return and grow a domestic semiconductor industry. A Taiwanese firm  made a big  [[Page S4498]]  decision to come to America--I think in Texas--a Taiwanese  semiconductors company. We are trying to incentivize their relocation  into the United States and jump-start a semiconductor industry that has  left the country. It is very important for the future of our economy.   Senator Portman's Safeguarding American Innovation Act creates a  Federal research council and institutes penalties for bad actors who  come to the United States or are here to steal important intellectual  property. I think we all know who we are talking about here. China  leads the pack there, and you saw what happened in Houston.   Senator Murkowski's American Mineral Security Act promotes secure and  robust domestic supply chains of critical minerals by streamlining the  permitting process for extraction and emphasizing R&D into critical  mineral recycling and development.   These four things together will protect our supply chain. It will  bring it back to the country at a time when we need to have more say  about our destiny. The pandemic has been a wake-up call all over the  board. There is nothing more important to me than relocating the  medical supply chain and protecting the innovation that we are known  for as a country.   With that, I yield.   