 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, COVID-19 has taken a wrecking ball to our  Nation's health and economy. No corner of the United States has been  spared.   Communities of color are being hit the hardest. We here in Congress  must focus our work on helping these communities. We must take on the  longstanding systemic reasons that these communities entering this  crisis are entering at a greater risk. We must enact real reform so  that the next time the next pandemic or economic downturn hits, it is  not these same communities that once again bear the brunt of the  disaster.   Today, I want to focus our attention on American Indian and Alaska  Native communities--communities where infection and mortality rates are  much higher than the overall U.S. population and communities that can't  escape the economic hardships this pandemic has caused.   We already knew that pandemics like this take an awful toll on Native  communities. This was true 100 years ago during the 1918 flu pandemic  when Native Americans died at four times the rate of the rest of the  country. This was true a decade ago during the 2019 H1N1 outbreak when  Native Americans died at the same high rates.   It is unforgivable that the administration was not better prepared.   The underlying reasons that Native peoples--whether living on Tribal  lands, in urban settings, or elsewhere--are at risk are multifaceted.  They are all rooted in historic systemic injustice.   First and foremost, many Native Americans do not have ready access to  quality healthcare, despite the Federal Government's trust and treaty  obligations to provide it--trust and treaty obligations taken on by  this government in exchange for millions of acres of land and countless  lives lost.   On the large, rural reservations and in remote Alaskan Native  villages, the nearest healthcare facility might be hours away, and when  you get there, if you can get there, there often aren't enough doctors  or nurses or hospital beds.   These logistical barriers are compounded by the chronic, historic  underfunding of the Indian Health Service, which many of us have fought  for years to correct. While we have made progress, the IHS budget still  only covers an estimated 16 percent of the need.   As a result of centuries of discriminatory land, agricultural, and  environmental policies, Native communities also face the highest rates  of underlying conditions, like diabetes, heart and lung disease,  asthma, and obesity, that result in worse COVID-19 outcomes.   Battles over water rights and underinvestment in Tribal  infrastructure have compounded the problems. We all know that washing  our hands is a critical measure to prevent the spread of COVID-19. Yet  Tribal communities are 3.7 times more likely to lack complete indoor  plumbing than other U.S. households. On the Navajo Nation, which is  confronting one of the worse coronavirus outbreaks in the Nation, 18  percent of households don't have complete indoor plumbing. So, again,  it is no surprise that researchers have already found that COVID-19  cases are more likely to occur in Tribal communities, with a higher  proportion of homes lacking indoor plumbing.   We also know that social distancing is key to preventing the spread  of the virus. Yet almost one in six Native households is overcrowded,  making social distancing not just difficult but physically impossible  for many families.   All these institutional barriers combine to create a perfect storm.  These barriers aren't the result of chance; they are the result of  policy. It is these institutional barriers that we must acknowledge and  finally address so that this pandemic is not one more example of the  failure of the United States to meet our obligations. This time must be  different. We must meet our responsibilities and help build a more just  and equitable society   Throughout this crisis, Native communities have fought back. They are  resilient. They have fought back hard. For example, in my home State of  New Mexico and in Arizona and Utah, the Navajo Nation has imposed  strict curfews to prevent the spread. They have ramped up testing  despite the complete lack of testing supplies in the beginning, and  they have now, as of today, tested about 25 percent of their  population, compared to 10 percent nationally.   Tribal responses to the pandemic have been repeatedly hamstrung by  this administration and congressional inaction. As vice chair of the  Senate Indian Affairs Committee, I fought hard for funding targeted for  Tribes. When the administration offered nothing for Tribes, we secured  over $10 billion in the CARES Act. When the administration fumbled  distribution of Tribal funding, missing the statutory deadline for  distribution by almost 2 months, Congress and the Tribes pushed back.  Because Tribes are in crisis, days matter. It took a lawsuit and a  Federal court order for Tribes to get their share of the $8 billion set  aside for them under the CARES Act.   Today, the Senate Indian Affairs Committee will hold an oversight  hearing on implementation of Federal programs to support Tribal COVID- 19 prevention, containment, and response efforts. Tribal witnesses will  testify that policies and practices at FEMA, the CDC, HRSA, and a  number of other Federal Agencies have made Tribal access to Federal  COVID-19 resources much harder.   Whether it is denying Tribes access to coronavirus surveillance data,  creating a confusing, Byzantine bureaucracy for requesting emergency  medical supplies, or delaying access to grant funds, this  administration continually makes decisions that disadvantage Native  communities, decisions that threaten Native lives and prolong this  country's legacy of systemic injustice.   The administration must do better, and Congress must do much more.  Each day we fail to act to advance policies to address the disparities  faced by Indian Country is a day we fail to uphold our oath of office.  The Republican Senate majority has delayed far too  [[Page S4090]]  long. Infections are on the rise. The United States has surpassed every  other nation in the world in the spread and death and destruction of  this virus.   Now, 20 million Americans are out of work, which is the highest  unemployment level since the Great Depression. State and local and  Tribal governments and healthcare systems across the Nation are  shuttering essential services and furloughing essential workers. None  of this should come as news to the Republican majority.   Inaction in the face of this disaster is unconscionable. This body  must get down to the business that we are here for and we are elected  to do. It is long past time we pass another COVID-19 relief package.  Our next package must include targeted funding and programs for Native  communities and Tribes. We must infuse IHS with additional funding for  Tribal healthcare and ensure it has parity in accessing Federal  programs. We must provide Tribal governments with the resources they  need to keep their communities up and running safely by providing $20  billion in additional targeted funding within the Treasury's  Coronavirus Relief Fund.   The Senate should pass bills I have introduced that have already been  adopted by the House of Representatives in its Heroes package, which  was passed over 6 weeks ago. We must make our strategic stockpile  available to Tribes. Tribes should be able to access PPE, ventilators,  and other necessary medical equipment just as States can. We must make  sure that Tribes have equal access to the Centers for Disease Control  and their resources to prepare for public health emergencies like this  pandemic.   Seventy percent of Native Americans live in urban settings. Yet the  Medicaid reimbursement rate for Urban Indian Health facilities is lower  than the Federal reimbursement rate at other IHS facilities. We need to  balance the scales and help the 43 Urban Indian Health facilities  across the Nation expand their services.   As so much of our lives move to the internet, we must make sure that  Native schools, healthcare facilities, and government services are not  left on the wrong side of the digital divide. All Tribes must have  access to high-speed broadband.   This public health and economic crisis has hit us all hard, but we  shouldn't deny that some communities have been hit hard. We need to  send immediate relief to those communities that have been so severely  hurt, including Native communities, and we need to set our sights on  genuinely taking on the systemic and institutional barriers these  communities have faced for far too long. We can, we should, and we must  do better.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I thank you for the recognition, and I  thank Senator Inhofe. I talked to him.  [[Page S4117]]    I would ask unanimous consent, as Senator Paul did, to complete my  remarks and unanimous consent to complete my remarks right here on the  floor before we have the vote.    Mr. President, I am a strong supporter of the AFGHAN  Service Act, which I introduced with Senator Paul.   It has been nearly 19 years since the United States entered this war  in Afghanistan after the 9/11 attacks, and we have had several  Presidents--one a Democrat, one a Republican--say they want to end this  war. They announced: We don't want endless wars. We want to end this  war.   Our current President has said he wanted to do this for the last 3\1/ 2\ years. He hasn't gotten it done. President Obama wanted to end it.   This is the way--the responsible way--to end this war. We give a year  timeframe. We make absolutely clear we are not against our American  soldiers. We give them a bonus, and we say: You have done a good job.   So don't listen to the distortions that will be talked about what  this amendment is about.   We have soldiers who are heading to fight in this war who weren't  even born when it began, and most of the soldiers I have talked to who  have come home from Afghanistan believe we should be out of there. That  is one of the most persuasive things I have seen. Several of those  soldiers have been elected to the U.S. Congress and have spoken up  very, very strongly about continuing our war in Afghanistan.   It has been nearly 10 years since I first came to the Senate floor in  2010 to call for the withdrawal of U.S. combat forces from Afghanistan.  We have accomplished our goal of routing al-Qaida and killing Osama Bin  Laden. Those were two of the big things that were talked about  originally when President Bush went in and basically said: We have  these short-term objectives, we are going to get them achieved, and  then we are going to be out.   We have achieved those objectives. There is no reason for delay and  to continue this endless war. The longer we stay with an ill-defined  mission, the greater the risk of a wider war in the region. Believe me,  I listen to people back home. They don't want a wider war. They want us  to bring our troops home.   The recent news that has gripped the Capitol only underscores that  our men and women in Afghanistan remain in harm's way. They should be  brought home and focus on our core national security.   After 19 years of war, peace in Afghanistan will need to come from  negotiation, and the United States can and should continue to play a  role in those diplomatic efforts.   This legislation ends the U.S. involvement in the war in a  responsible way, with a yearlong timeframe. It also sunsets the 9/11  AUMF, which has been stretched beyond recognition to justify wars we  never considered.   Even to this day, some in this administration envision using the 2001  AUMF to justify a war with Iran rather than actually standing on the  floor and introducing a proposal, as required by the Constitution to  get in a war, as is Congress's authority.   On the AUMF, this isn't something sudden either; it would give  Congress a year to consider a new AUMF, if needed.   It is long past time for Congress to make the difficult decision and  stop ducking the votes on whether to send our troops into harm's way.   Finally, this amendment rewards the veterans of these wars. We owe a  lot more to them, but this is a start.   I hope you will join me in supporting the end of the U.S. war in  Afghanistan and support the restoration of congressional war-making  authority and vote against tabling this amendment. This amendment  deserves an up-or-down vote, not a tabling vote, so vote no to tabling  this amendment. I say this in great respect to Senator Inhofe, and I  know that Senator Inhofe has been very courteous in terms of the time.   At this point, I yield the floor.   