 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, thousands of radical Islamists rallied  on Friday in Northwestern Pakistan in support of a man who earlier this  week walked into a courtroom in the city of Peshawar and gunned down a  U.S. citizen on trial for blasphemy. That is how the New York Times  started its article on this issue last week. The American, Tahir  Naseem, died of his wounds before he could be taken to the hospital  while the gunman was taken into custody.   The U.S. State Department said Naseem was standing trial after being  lured to Pakistan from his home in Illinois. He was entrapped by the  country's controversial blasphemy law, which international rights  groups have sought to have repealed. The blasphemy law calls for the  death penalty for anyone found guilty of insulting Islam, but, in  Pakistan, the mere allegation of blasphemy can cause mobs to riot and  vigilantes to kill those who have been accused. Pakistani officials  said Naseem was charged with blasphemy after he declared himself to be  Islam's prophet. That was the accusation that was laid against him.   At the rally in Peshawar, which was in support of the person who  murdered the American citizen, the demonstrators carried signs that  praised the murderer for the killing and called for his immediate  release from jail. They said he killed Naseem because the government  was too slow in prosecuting blasphemy cases.   Last December--8 months ago--I filed a resolution to speak with a  unified voice on what I considered to be a nonpartisan issue--a simple  statement from this Congress condemning blasphemy laws across the world  wherever they exist. We are a nation that stands for the ability of  every individual to choose any faith, to change one's faith, or for one  to have no faith at all. That is a basic human right. Yet, according to  the U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom, 84 countries-- more than one-third of the world's countries--have a blasphemy law on  the books, including in Pakistan, where an American citizen was  murdered last week under an accusation of blasphemy.   This resolution that I filed 8 months ago with the Foreign Affairs  Committee has already moved in the House. The House Foreign Affairs  Committee worked through the process of this resolution in March of  this year and passed it unanimously. It was sponsored by Democrat Jamie  Raskin and had the support of multiple Democrats on the Foreign Affairs  Committee. It was overwhelmingly moved while this resolution--a mere  eight pages--has sat, unmoved, for 8 months.   The Vice Chair of the U.S. Commission on International Religious  Freedom, who was appointed by Speaker Pelosi, has said that USCIRF-- that is this organization--has noted countless times that Pakistan's  blasphemy law inflames interreligious tensions and too often leads to  violence. He urges the State Department to enter into a binding  agreement with the Pakistani Government that includes the repeal of  blasphemy provisions in the Pakistan Penal Code. I could not agree  more.   The Trump administration has spoken out on this, and the House of  Representatives has spoken out on this. The U.S. Commission on  International Religious Freedom, a nonpartisan group, has spoken out on  this. We in the Senate should also speak out on it, and the time to  speak out on it is when we have just had an American citizen murdered  overseas because of these laws. It is prime time to move this. This is  something that, I believe, should be passed by unanimous consent. How  could we oppose the movement of something like this?   Now, I have heard that, possibly, we should slow this whole thing  down because resolutions like this should have a fulsome committee  process. They should be heard and marked up and read and reread, and 8  months is not enough time to review them. The problem with that is  that, last week, a Democratic resolution on elections in Belarus was  filed. It was never heard by the Committee on Foreign Relations here in  the Senate. Yet it was discharged, placed on the hotline yesterday  morning, and cleared last night.   So, for Democratic bills, they don't have to go through the committee  process, apparently. They can just move through on their own because  the Republicans have not opposed those. The Republicans take the time  to read these on their own--to go through the resolutions and make  decisions on them. That resolution had a majority of Democratic  sponsors, but it also had Republican sponsors.   This resolution is sponsored by Chris Coons and me. We also consider  it to be a nonpartisan issue. Something that has sat in the committee  for 8 months, waiting, surely can move when something that was filed  last week and never heard by the Committee on Foreign Relations could  move on the hotline in a single day.   So I bring this resolution because I think we should speak out on  this as the House has already spoken out on it, as the State Department  has already spoken out on it, as the Trump administration has already  spoken out on it, and as USCIRF has already spoken out on it. Why  wouldn't 100 Senators speak out on this blasphemy resolution today   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Foreign  Relations be discharged from further consideration and that the Senate  now proceed to S. Res. 458. I further ask the resolution be agreed to,  the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, I want to ask my colleague if there is  a difference between this resolution and the resolution on elections in  Belarus that was filed last week, was discharged, and then passed on  the hotline yesterday.   Obviously there are lots of other issues about elections. There has  been a lot of conversation that we have had about elections worldwide  and about security of elections, but that particular resolution wasn't  held up to go through the Foreign Relations Committee to discuss  international elections more. It was discharged, and it was sent to the  floor on a hotline, and Republicans and Democrats alike agreed on that  resolution and passed it through.   Is there a substantive difference between this resolution and that  one?    Reclaiming my time, it is a lesson learned because the  challenge of the Foreign Relations Committee is that almost nothing has  been able to get through--no Ambassadors, no resolutions. Everything is  not good enough. Everything is not big enough. Quite frankly,  everything doesn't attack the Trump Presidency and the Trump State  Department, which really becomes the issue.   So even things that are nonpartisan, that we all have wide agreement  on--that the House of Representatives was 100 percent in agreement on-- can't even get a hearing here, can't even move through. And when an  American citizen is killed over a blasphemy law issue, we still can't  speak as the Senate. It is unfortunate.   There are things that we disagree on strongly as a body, but  protecting the lives of American citizens who are being murdered  because of a blasphemy law in Pakistan should not be an area of  disagreement for us.   Standing up for religious liberty, speaking out with this one bill-- if there are other issues, do 10 more. It is a basic American freedom.  We should do multiple resolutions on freedom of the press, freedom of  speech, freedom for people to live their faith worldwide. That is who  we are as Americans. So do a bunch of them. Speak out on them, but  don't stop us from speaking at all on issues where we should speak with  a common, unified voice.   We can do better, and we should do better, and we will in time. But  right now, we are still not speaking with a clear voice on blasphemy  and the death of Americans worldwide, and that is something we should  all look at and say is one more example of our not getting the job done  in the Senate.   I yield the floor.   