 Mr. President, let me start by thanking Chairman Grassley  for his leadership on this. This has been a bipartisan endeavor, and we  look forward to working with Senator Menendez, the Senator from New  Jersey, who says that he supports the spirit of what we are trying to  do. I will let him speak for himself in describing it, but let me just  tell you what brings me to this issue.   It is an experience we had in 2016 when we tried to pass the Justice  Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. This provided a carve-out in the  doctrine of sovereign immunity that would allow Americans to sue  foreign governments for financing terrorist attacks on American soil.  If that sounds familiar, it is exactly what they believe happened on 9/ 11--that a foreign government financed a terrorist attack, taking the  lives of their loved ones on 9/11.   When we tried to pass the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act,  I got called by a former colleague here in the Senate who happened to  be representing the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. They were doing everything  they could to prevent the passage of the bill. I know they were working  the phones, trying to get anybody else they could get to object to the  ultimate unanimous passage of the bill and the overriding of President  Obama's veto.   Next, we were met with not only lobbying but veterans who were  enticed to come to Washington, DC, and stay at a local, pricey hotel to  try to lobby Congress to make the argument that somehow this was  hurtful to our veterans who had served in the military. It didn't make  any sense to me then, and it doesn't make any sense to me now.   What I am suggesting is that our rivals around the world will use a  number of creative ways to try to influence us by lobbying. That is why  the Foreign Agents Registration Act that we are talking about here is  so important.   We have even seen a recent report of a Chinese intelligence officer  trying to influence a Member of the U.S. Congress. Fortunately,  according to public reports, he got a defensive briefing, as you should  under those circumstances, and was able to break off that relationship,  according to published reports.   We know that the Communist Party of China is investing in things like  the Confucius Institutes around our institutions of higher learning to  try to influence the education of our next generation of leaders.   In other words, the Communist Party of China and other countries will  stop at nothing to try to influence the policies that come out of this  body and out of Congress and out of Washington, DC, and bend them in  their favor.   So I am an enthusiastic supporter of what the Senator from Iowa is  trying to do. I look forward to working for maybe even something better  than what we are proposing right now, and I understand the Senator from  New Jersey is committed to doing that.   This is a serious problem, and I will bet you there are a number of  ways that foreign governments--not just China but other countries  around the world--try to influence policies here in America, and we  don't even know they are doing it. Reforming the Foreign Agents  Registration Act and the Lobbying Disclosure Act is so important to  make sure that people have to file for full transparency when  representing a foreign government.   I appreciate the leadership of my friend, the Senator from Iowa, and  I look forward to working with our colleagues across the aisle to try  to get this done.    Mr. President, I look forward to working with the Senator  from New Jersey and the Senator from Iowa. As I said, this is a very  serious problem for the U.S. Government, and, thus, for the American  people.   One of our greatest assets is also one of our greatest  vulnerabilities. We are an open society. Our adversaries are not, and,  thus, they use things like the internet for information warfare,  whereas we see it as a valuable tool to do business, to stay in touch  with our families, and to communicate with one another. Our adversaries  are determined, and they are relentless, so I hope that just this  little colloquy today will help alert more of our colleagues about the  importance of our working together to address this. I look forward to  being part of that process.   Nothing happens very quickly around this place. Sometimes you have to  work on things for years to get them done.   