 Mr. President, for many years, I have supported the  annual National Defense Authorization Act. The bill always contains  many worthy provisions, and it usually passes with large majorities.  After all, who wants to vote no when the common refrain to pass the  bill is ``Support the troops''? But at some point you have to draw the  line, and this year is where I draw it.   Just look at these bills over the last few years. Five years ago, the  NDAA was 968 pages--not unusual around here and something you can get  your hands around. But last year, the NDAA report was 1,794 pages, and  this year the report is an astonishing 4,517 pages--not even counting  the classified annexes. I doubt anyone really knows what is in it  except maybe some lobbyists.   And get this: As the bill grew more than sixfold in length, we had  even less time to read it. The number of people who could read the bill  at any one time was restricted. Social distancing--``Can't have too  many people in the room,'' we were told. That is fine. I understand. We  are still in a pandemic. But then we should have had more time to  review the bill, not less. Yet Armed Services Committee members were  asked on this floor last week to sign the bill after having only a  couple of hours to review it.   As this massive bill was written in secret and then rushed to a vote,  some seem to have forgotten to consult with the Commander in Chief or  recall that he has veto power. It is pretty well known that the  President wants the bill to reform or repeal section 230, the giveaway  to Big Tech oligarchs who get to censor the American people without  consequence.   The bill stiff-arms the President. There is not a word in more than  4,500 pages about section 230. The sponsors claim they couldn't airdrop  provisions into the bill at the last minute. I take the point. I am not  sure the President will, though, and he is the one with the veto.   But there is more. The bill condemns the President for proposing to  move some troops out of Germany and restricts his ability to do so,  even though NATO's frontier has shifted hundreds of miles to the east  and Germany hasn't exactly carried its share of the NATO load. The  Senate didn't debate this major policy change. Our earlier bill didn't  even mention it. As far as I am concerned, this provision was, to  borrow a phrase, airdropped without appropriate consultation with  committee members. And for the record, I am a senior member of the  committee, but I only learned about this provision in the newspaper on  Friday, 2 days after I was asked to sign the bill.   It would appear the standard for airdropping provisions into the bill  is that we won't airdrop things that support the President's  priorities, but we will airdrop stuff that thwarts his priorities. I  doubt that will get past the President's veto either.   This failure to consult committee members is not an isolated  incident. The President's 5G plan released valuable but unused spectrum  owned by the government. The Pentagon protested mightily but only with  vague evidence. We had a hearing on this issue, and it sharply divided  committee members. Yet, again, this bill disrupts the President's plan,  and, again, we learned about it only after the fact.   Another thing that happens behind closed doors is broken promises. We  were promised last summer that the radical Warren amendment wouldn't  survive the conference committee. Not only did it survive; not a single  word was changed.   You may have heard about the Warren amendment. You probably heard  that it would merely rename some Army bases that are named after  Confederate officers. There is no harm in having that debate. I have  always found it curious that we don't have a base named after say U.S.  Grant or John Pershing.   Yet the Warren amendment is far more radical than merely renaming a  few bases. The amendment explicitly applies to all military property.  That is a lot more than bases. It includes military museums, service  academies, and cemeteries. Do you think I am exaggerating? I am not.  Read the bill: no exceptions for museums, for academies, even for  cemeteries.   Let me give you just one example. The West Point library contains  portraits of Grant and Lee in close proximity, two commanders of the  Civil War, juxtaposed as today's cadets learn the history of our  Nation, our Army, and their own school. But that painting may have to  come down. So I suppose tomorrow's cadets may learn that Grant defeated  an unnamed enemy with an unnamed commander and accepted surrender from  no one at Appomattox.   But if you really want to see the radical consequence of the Warren  amendment, just look across the river to Arlington National Cemetery,  our Nation's most sacred ground. Those gardens of stone stretch in  symmetrical rows across the horizon, except for a single odd section  laid out in circles, rather than rows, and with pointed headstones,  rather than rounded ones. The 482 graves in Section 16 contain the  remains of Americans who rebelled against our country. That section  also contains a memorial to those who died in that rebellion.    We should be grateful that those rebels and their cause lost on the  battlefield. Yet we should also be mindful of the historical context of  this patch of our most sacred ground. Section 16 of Arlington was  created as a symbol not of secession but of reconciliation by the very  men who had fought for the Union.   President William McKinley--a decorated veteran of the Union Army,  promoted three times for battlefield valor--oversaw its creation. In a  display of magnanimity, he declared--in  [[Page S7301]]  front of the Georgia legislature, of all places--that the Federal  Government would assume responsibility for Confederate graves. He then  signed a bill authorizing the reinterment of Confederate soldiers at  Arlington.   Senator Warren apparently believes that she knows better how to  handle the legacy of our Civil War than did the Union veterans who bled  and defeated the Confederacy on the field of battle, or even Barack  Obama, who continued a longstanding Presidential tradition in 2009 of  sending a wreath to the Confederate section of Arlington on Memorial  Day.   If the professor gets her way, a crane may drive into Arlington and  rip out the memorial whose history dates back to President McKinley and  which was honored just a few years ago by President Obama. Again, I am  not exaggerating. In the committee markup, Senator Warren said that is  exactly what she wants to happen. And if that happens, maybe the  professor will be applauded in faculty lounges, but my perspective is a  little different.   I served at Arlington with the Old Guard. My soldiers and I laid to  rest our Nation's heroes. A lot of those funerals started in Section  16. Before those funerals started, we talked sometimes about that odd  section and the war that occasioned it. After all, the Army has a lot  of amateur Civil War historians. We were proud to wear the uniform of  and be the heirs to Grant and Sherman and Sheridan--the great warriors  who saved the Union and vindicated freedom and equality for all.   We also had a little humility. We didn't presume that we knew better  than Grant and McKinley how to heal our Nation's wounds after the Civil  War, or that we knew better than Abraham Lincoln, who called for  ``malice toward none, with charity for all.''   Maybe Senator Warren and the Jacobins in our streets repudiate the  wisdom of Lincoln and Grant and McKinley. Perhaps they think Lincoln  should be canceled. A mob tried to tear down his statue just a few  blocks from here last summer. Too many of these Jacobins condemn our  Nation as racist to its core. They look at the Confederacy and see not  a rebellion against America but the true heart of America. So,  naturally, their iconoclasm doesn't stop with tearing down statues of  Lee but moves right away to statues of Washington, Lincoln, and Grant.  They tried to tear down those last summer, too, if you recall.   I will never stand by while Jacobins tear down statues of Washington,  Lincoln, and Grant, nor will I support a bill that permits a crane to  drive into Arlington and desecrate that sacred ground. We celebrate the  triumph of the Union and the cause of freedom and equality and the  defeat of the Confederacy, but why does it follow that we have to rip  paintings off the walls of libraries and museums and tear down war  memorials in Arlington National Cemetery?   And I suspect a lot of other Senators wouldn't support this bill  either if they knew what it does. And that takes me back to a larger  problem. We were promised this radical language wouldn't be part of the  final bill, but that promise was discarded behind closed doors. Now, we  have a 4,500-page bill at the last minute in the rush to fund the  government and pass another coronavirus relief bill before the  holidays, all with the Presidential veto hanging over it.   An overlong bill negotiated behind closed doors, dropped at the last  minute, major policy shifts without consensus or even much debate,  broken promises, wishful thinking about a veto threat--these are the  hallmarks of an NDAA process that has deteriorated rapidly in recent  years. That has to change. If it doesn't change this month, mark my  words, it will change next year.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   