 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   The previous speaker, Mr. Green from Texas, said that it is time,  that it is past time. But it is never too late to do the right thing.   I am pleased that this will be a bipartisan vote.   This is about Emmett Till. It is about lynching. It is about  violence. It is about hate. But in a larger sense, this is about who we  are as a country, who we are as a country that said: ``We hold these  truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal.''   Surely, our Founders today would have said all men and women are  created equal.   But in the eyes of two murderers, Emmett Till was neither equal nor a  fellow human being, but a dehumanized being, undeserving of protection  or of decency.   To the surprise, I think, of probably many Americans, Madam Speaker,  lynching has not been described as a hate crime. We will do that today.   Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. Collins and Chairman Nadler for bringing  this bill to the floor. The House will make that determination today. I  am proud to bring this legislation to the floor as majority leader.   A broadcaster in our area, Joe Madison, came up to me some year and a  half ago and said: Why can't you pass lynching legislation?   I had no answer, so I went to the chair of the Congressional Black  Caucus, who spoke just earlier, Karen Bass, the former speaker of the  California Assembly, one of the leaders in this House. I said to her:  ``Karen, I want to make sure that we get lynching legislation on the  floor.''   I talked to my friend,   Bobby Rush, who I have been a close friend  of for more than two decades, a leader in this House, a leader on the  Energy and Commerce Committee and in this House. I talked to him about  it. I talked to him about his legislation.   Two Senators also had legislation. I am glad that they were able to  come together and that we have this legislation before us.     Bobby Rush represents the district in which Emmett Till lived.   Emmett Till took a summer vacation to Mississippi. It was his last  vacation. He came to be, and continues to this day to be, a symbol of  the terror and hate and atrocities and prejudice directed against  American citizens whose color of skin was different than some others.  This should be a lesson to us all.   Then you see movies like ``Hidden Figures,'' the heroine of which  just died a few days ago at the age of 101, or ``The Help,'' or  ``Harriet,'' Harriet Tubman from my State, to see the violence that was  visited on our fellow human beings because of the color of their skin.   If Elijah Cummings, my colleague, were alive today, he would say:  ``We are better than this.''   That is what this legislation is saying: We are better than this.   Madam Speaker, I thank Representative Rush, Chairman Nadler, Ranking  Member Collins, the Congressional Black Caucus, Chairwoman Karen Bass,  and the CBC itself for their work on this bill.   The Senate passed a similar bill last year, and, Madam Speaker, I  thank Senators Booker and Harris for their work.   I hope we can get this to the President's desk and signed quickly.   It is very fitting that this legislation will be named in memory of  Emmett Till, the 14-year-old whose brutal lynching in 1955 marked a  turning point in America's history.    Many Americans might associate the term ``lynching'' with hanging,  but if you go to the dictionary, it has a broader definition: the  premeditated, extrajudicial killing by a mob or group of people in  order to instill fear, to intimidate, to subjugate populations and  individuals, and to enforce a social order on people, contrary to the  concepts out of which America was born.   According to the Tuskegee Institute, by the time of Emmett Till's  murder, it had recorded more than 4,700 victims of lynching in America  since the 1880s.   We had a Civil War, the 13th, 14th, and 15th Amendments, and still,  from 1870 to the 1960s, there were people who thought, with impunity,  they could take the lives or brutalize others--with impunity.   Even today, we continue to see the memory of lynchings used to  instill fear and threaten minority populations, from nooses being  displayed as hate speech to threats of political violence using imagery  of lynching. We still live with its dark legacy.   Madam Speaker, I say to my colleagues, as we continue to observe  Black History Month throughout February, let us resolve to commemorate  that history by doing our part to correct its injustices.   I paraphrase Martin Luther King when he said: Do not worry so much  about the voices of your opponents as you worry about the silence of  your friends.   Madam Speaker, this day, the House of Representatives shall not be  silent. Vote ``yes.''   