 Mr. President, I want to thank Senator Ernst for putting  this colloquy together. What she just said with regard to the  importance of having reliable sources here in America is absolutely  right.   The supply chain issue is one that I hope we will address in this  COVID package--for starters, with regard to our personal protective  gear, the PPE, because if we can't rely on having masks and gowns and  other PPE made here in America, it is tough for us, particularly during  an international pandemic like this, to build and rely on countries  like China. Also, frankly, some of the product that comes from China  has not been reliable itself.   I appreciate what you are doing there and also the work you are doing  to encourage us to be more resourceful here at home, to be sure we are  doing the things we have to do to protect ourselves from foreign  influence, including China.   Part of our issue with China, I think, is that for the last several  years, a lot of us point fingers at China and we are not pointing  fingers, frankly, at our internal problems. We need to get our house in  order here in America and protect ourselves better. We have legislation  to do that, which we just reported out of the Governmental Affairs  Committee today. It has to do with this issue of China coming to the  United States and systemically targeting promising research and  promising researchers, and saying: We would like to get that research.   The research is often supported by the U.S. taxpayer. It is sort of  tough  [[Page S4377]]  here for us in America to lose our research and our innovation and our  intellectual property to other countries. It is particularly tough when  taxpayers pay for it, and $150 billion a year of taxpayer money goes to  the National Institutes of Health, the National Science Foundation, and  the Department of Energy to do basic research.   That is good. We have helped to develop important therapies and cures  for some kinds of cancer. We helped to develop the internet. It has  been very helpful on manufacturing processes. A lot of great things  have come out of that research.   But one thing that really troubles me is that for 20 years now, with  China taking the lead and other countries, as well--Iran, North Korea,  and others--they have again targeted these researchers and this  research and said: We want to get that. And, frankly, they get it on  the cheap because the research is being paid for by our tax dollars.   Let me give you an example of what I am talking about. Recently, in  my home State of Ohio, there was a case along these lines. I applaud  the FBI and the Department of Justice and our U.S. attorneys for  finally getting on top of this issue. We spent a year studying this  issue here in the Congress in what is called the Permanent Subcommittee  on Investigations, which I chair. We found out that this was a huge  problem and wrote a report late last year.   In the report, we implored our Federal law enforcement agencies to  get on this issue. In fact, we had a hearing where an FBI agent  testified and said that it is true. We haven't been focused on this,  and we have to make that up now.   They are making up for it. They are arresting a number of people.  They are doing the things that should be done to try to stop some of  this stealing, really, of our seed corn, our technology, our  innovation, our intellectual property.   Here is the Ohio example. Recently, the FBI announced that it had  arrested a researcher connected with the world-renowned Cleveland  Clinic and Case Western Reserve University. This individual had  received a huge grant from the National Institutes of Health, or NIH.  That grant was for about $3.6 million. But then this same individual-- of course, not telling NIH or telling Cleveland Clinic or Case Western  or anybody else--had accepted money from China.   In the contracts that we were able to research during our  investigation, these contracts with China say you are not allowed to  reveal that you have this relationship with China, that you are getting  the money from China. They not only gave this guy money--$3 million-- but they gave him a deanship at Wuhan University. They gave him money  to hire people in Wuhan. They gave him the ability to travel around  America recruiting others. We think he recruited 30 or 40 people,  according to the FBI.    Again, these are all allegations. His arrest has been made. He  actually is alleged to have taken biological samples from Cleveland,  OH, to China--this taxpayer-paid NIH research--literally, physically  taking these to China. They also, by the way, provided lodging for him  with a three-bedroom apartment in Wuhan. That is luxury.   This is about money. Unfortunately, this is about people who are not  patriots but instead are willing to sell us out by selling their  research, their expertise that our taxpayers have funded to China and  other countries.   NIH, recently, by the way, fired or forced the resignation of 54  researchers--not 1 or 2 or 3, but 54 people. We have been pushing them  hard to find out who these people are and what they are doing. They  haven't been willing to reveal that yet because this is a matter under  investigation. They have told us that of those who are under  investigation at NIH, 90 percent have ties to China--90 percent.   Wake up, America. Here we are. We are in a situation where other  countries, particularly China, have targeted American research,  American researchers, and are now taking this back to China to benefit  their military, to benefit their economy, and to benefit their  healthcare system.   By the way, I do not believe this is for academic purposes. It is  wrong what is happening, but it is even more wrong because this is not  as if they are taking it back to do joint research on an academic  basis.   Let me tell you what the State Department told us at our hearing on  this topic at the end of last year. They said: ``The Chinese Communist  Party has declared the Chinese university system to be on the front  line of military-civilian fusion efforts for technology acquisition.''   This is our own State Department. That means there is a clear link  between the research that is being taken in America and the latest  advancement in China's military and its economy.   It has been happening for 20 years. It is time to put an end to it.  The legislation that we were able to get through committee today takes  a really important step in that direction. There are four or five  elements of it.   One of the most important to me is giving the FBI and law enforcement  the tools they need to go after these individuals by creating a new  criminal law that says if you lie on these forms, if you are taking  money from China, it is certainly a conflict of commitment and a  conflict of interest. You can be taken to task for that and held  accountable. Right now you can't.   They are arresting these people on things like mail fraud, tax  evasion. It is a little like how they used to go after gangsters before  there were laws directly related to racketeering and so on. This is  something where we need to be sure that we are giving people the tools  that they need.   We also help the State Department to keep these people out, and we  help with regard to our universities to ensure that we are reporting  and being transparent as to the money universities are receiving from  China and other countries.   Again, I thank my colleague from Iowa for having this colloquy. I see  we have two other colleagues here. I know they are really well-versed  and involved in these issues, and I want to hear from them, as well.   I would just say that I hope, on a bipartisan basis--by the way, our  legislation is bipartisan. Our investigation was bipartisan. I would  say this is nonpartisan. This is an American issue. We should all be  standing up to protect the American research enterprise and to be sure  that our taxpayers, when they pay for this important research, have the  benefit of it rather than its being taken, in particular, by China to  benefit their military and their economy, which has been going on for 2  decades.   It is time to wake up.   I yield to my colleague from Arizona.    Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Tennessee for  focusing on the American Great Outdoors Act. I had come to the floor to  talk about the COVID-19 legislation we are considering, but I am very  pleased to be here with my colleagues who helped to get this  legislation across the finish line. It is incredibly important and  truly historic for our national parks.   I have spent more than a dozen years on this. It is kind of  embarrassing because I wasn't very successful for the first 11, but  from my days as the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, I  have been focused on what really is a tragic situation--about a $12  billion now maintenance backlog in our national parks, far more than  the parks could ever afford to take care of based on our annual budgets  that we provide them from this place and yet something that had to be  done.   So it is not very exciting for some people to think about, gosh,  fixing a visitor's center or making sure a trail isn't eroding into a  river, making sure that our roads and bridges in our national parks are  kept up to speed, so that when you go to a national park you can  actually use the restroom facilities and the lodges. But we have had a  huge problem with finding funding for that, and in this legislation, as  was noted by my colleague from Tennessee, who has been at this for many  years, as well, we are finally doing something to help our parks that  is badly needed.   The priority projects--$6.5 billion worth--will now be handled by  legislation that passed the House today by a 310-to-107 vote and passed  the Senate a few weeks ago. The President has agreed to sign it, and it  will keep our promise, and it is a debt unpaid to our parks. Without  it, future generations wouldn't have the opportunity to visit and enjoy  these incredible treasures.   I spent the last few weeks at a couple of our national parks--one,  the Charles Young home in Ohio, which is a beautiful historic home that  is actually a station on the Underground Railroad and, therefore, has  particular and very important historic significance for our State.  Charles Young was the first Black colonel in the U.S. Army, the first  Black superintendent of a national park, and his home needs to be  preserved for future generations. And yet the maintenance backlog is  huge there, as you can imagine, and without this legislation, they  would not be able to make progress.   I got to see specifically what the money is going for, which is  making sure that house still stands years from now so that people,  particularly young people in our community, can understand the history  of our country--the good and the bad, the cooperation and the seeking  for freedom that came from the Underground Railroad and the incredible  leadership that Charles Young showed as an early African-American  pioneer, both in the military and in our national park system.   And then I was at the Cuyahoga Valley National Park, where I had the  opportunity to see the 13th most visited park in America and a number  of different needs that they have, adding up to about $50 million.  Their annual budget, by the way, is about $11 million, and yet they  have $50 million worth of things that have to be fixed.   I saw trails literally falling into the river. I saw railroad tracks  for the beautiful scenic railroad that runs through there where the  tracks have to be replaced. I saw a bridge that is truly becoming  dangerous and has to be fixed--an historic bridge. These are things  that can't be done with their normal budget that funds the rangers and  some programs. These are capital expenses, things that have to have a  separate funding source, the way we budget around here, and we are  doing that now.   So after many years of trying different efforts at this and finding  some success over the years--the Centennial Act has helped a little bit  and some other things to get private-public partnership money--we now  have the ability to really say that the parks are going to be in good  shape for our kids, our grandkids, and the future generations that can  enjoy what Lamar Alexander has referred to--I think, paraphrasing Ken  Burns--as America's best idea.   With that, I yield back. I would like some time in a moment to talk  about the COVID-19 legislation, but I would like to yield now to the  Senator from Tennessee.    Mr. President, the legislation that Senator Alexander is  talking about probably is something we ought to look at in connection  with this legislation that we are likely to pass here in the Congress  in the next week or so regarding the COVID-19 crisis that we face. I am  here on the floor  [[Page S4404]]  today to talk about that--to talk about what the next steps ought to be  and how we should be responding as Congress to this unprecedented  challenge we have of the pandemic.   We are now about 5 months into it, and for much of April and  certainly in the month of May we were seeing pretty good progress on  the coronavirus pandemic. The situation was improving, and many of us  thought we were turning the corner. Unfortunately, as we have moved  into June and July, we are now trending in the wrong direction in much  of the country. Over the past week, the number of hospitalizations, for  instance, has risen in many of our States, and there is concern that  the situation could worsen when the weather begins to cool.   Today, in Ohio, our Governor announced a statewide mask mandate, as  an example. We have not had that yet. He did so because he is concerned  about some of the numbers. Ohio is not in as bad a shape as some of the  States, but we are not seeing the progress we hoped for.   The past few months have been a somewhat better story for the  economy. After the initial shocks of the self-imposed economic shutdown  this past spring, a couple months ago, we have seen a steady rebound  taking place in most parts of the country. New unemployment claims, put  out just last week, while still far too high compared to where we were  before this pandemic, are the lowest we have seen since the crisis  began. Recent retail sales numbers are about where they were a year ago  when there was no pandemic. So we are seeing better improvement in the  economy as compared to the disappointing progress we were making  recently on the pandemic   Thanks to unprecedented Federal action, such as the Paycheck  Protection Program which has allowed small businesses to keep their  doors open and to retain employees, thanks to some of the targeted tax  relief to help our families and also our businesses, we have been able  to prevent an even more serious economic collapse that in my view would  have had a devastating impact on all of us. However, we are not out of  the woods yet. There are still, roughly, 17 million Americans out of  work. That is a lot of Americans who have been furloughed through no  fault of their own because businesses are not operating. This  corresponds to about an 11-percent unemployment rate, more than three  times higher than it was just 5 months ago.   You will recall that in February we had historically low  unemployment. Now we are up to 11 percent. Of course, there are parts  of the economy that have not seen the progress that other parts have.   So there is a lot for us to consider now that Congress is back in  session and now that we are in the middle of negotiating this new what  they call the phase 5 coronavirus rescue package. The new legislation  will have a significant impact on how we address these dual healthcare  and economic crises. That is why it is important, and more important  than ever, that we figure out how to work together, Republicans and  Democrats alike, and make some smart bipartisan policy decisions.   Unfortunately, that is not the way the House of Representatives has  proceeded to date. The House Democrats chose to construct their own  proposal. It is called the Heroes Act. Rather than working  constructively across the aisle to try to find some common ground to  help Americans deal with this healthcare and economic crisis, Democrats  chose and made and released an 1,800-page, $3.5 trillion package that  included some provisions that have nothing to do with COVID-19.   How big is $3.5 trillion? Well, that makes it the biggest piece of  legislation ever passed by either the House or Senate in the history of  our country. Never have we had legislation that expensive. Also, $3.5  trillion is just a lot of money. The budget last year was $4.5  trillion--the entire budget for the entire year for our country. This  one bill is $3.5 trillion. So it is not only the most costly  legislation ever to pass, but, again, it is not just about COVID-19. In  fact, one Democratic leader called it ``a tremendous opportunity to fix  things to fit our vision,'' which is why it passed by a nearly party- line vote.   If true, by the way, that vision entails raising taxes on some small  businesses; it includes giving out tax breaks, largely to benefit very  wealthy individuals on both coasts; it has direct payouts to illegal  immigrants; it has immigration reforms related to ICE and other things;  it has unprecedented mandates on the States to require mail-in voting  and telling States, by the way, that they are required to have certain  kinds of ID. This has always been within the province of the States to  run their own election systems. That is in this legislation.   At the same time, out of $3.5 trillion and 1,800 pages, there is  nothing in it to provide liability protection to our schools,  hospitals, and small businesses; no funding for the Paycheck Protection  Program; no assistance for Americans trying to get back to work. It is  $3.5 trillion in taxpayer money being appropriated on a party-line  vote. I don't think that is what people are looking for. I think they  want us to get together, as we have already with four previous COVID-19  legislative packages, and work together to try to get it done. We have  to find that common ground.   We have to be sure we pass something that is bipartisan, that  supports our healthcare system, our schools, our local governments, our  employers, our families, and that we do it in as targeted a way as  possible given the fact that we have already the largest deficit in the  history of our country this year, and, of course, all this adding to  our national debt.   We need to do it based on good data on what has been spent and what  remains to be done. We need to keep in mind what is the most important  policy proposals to include in this legislation and not make it a  catchall.   First, and most importantly in my view, we need to increase funding  for the healthcare response and the safety efforts. This is the  underlying problem: Until we focus on this pandemic and what the virus  is doing, we can spend all the money we want around here, and it is not  going to make much of a difference. So we have to be sure that we are  focused on the actual problem. I think that means getting our  healthcare professionals the resources they need to effectively respond  to this crisis. They need more funding. We need more funding for  testing, contact tracing, PPE--the personal protective gear that,  unfortunately, we still don't have the stockpiles here that we need. We  need to be sure we are doing everything we can do to get this antiviral  medication up and going. We have one, Remdesivir, that is  showing positive results. We need to make sure that we are doing  everything we can to get this vaccine as fast as possible because with  a vaccine, as we have with the common flu, we will be making tremendous  progress in pushing back against the virus. Stopping the spread of the  virus has to be our top priority in this next bill, as it has been in  some of the other legislation.    It is clear from the recent resurgence in cases that we are still not  where we need to be in testing. I know there has been a lot of  discussion recently about testing and whether it is needed or not. I  will tell you it is critical because we need to know where the disease  is and how it may be spreading. It also gives us much greater context  in taking steps toward reopening in a safe way, whether it is our  schools or whether it is our businesses, going to restaurants, going to  bowling allies, movie theaters. Testing is very important.   Last week, I was in Columbus, OH, at the Columbus Health Department,  where officials told me what a huge difference the CARES grant that  they received has made in being able to expand testing. They are  building a track to monitor and maintain the virus in Franklin County  that is needed right now, and they are doing a great job. They are  providing testing that is driveby testing. It is easy to access. If you  don't have insurance to pay for it, it is covered through CARES funding  that passed in the Congress. We are being sure that the funding is  providing the best information available as we fight this invisible  enemy. We have to continue to do that to prioritize bolstering the  ability of our healthcare officials at home and to be able to  coordinate the response--State level, local and national levels, and  testing, obviously, is key to that.   In addition, as more parts of our country are putting in place safe  plans to reopen our economy, we want to  [[Page S4405]]  make sure that the individuals who went on the COVID-19 unemployment  lines in the early days of this pandemic have the opportunity and the  incentive to reenter the workforce. We have to be sure our workplaces  are safe.   This week, I introduced legislation called the healthy workplace tax  credit, a credit on payroll taxes to ensure employers can afford  additional safety measures, from the Plexiglas you have probably seen  in some places, the shields to be able to protect people, to the PPE  that is needed, the gowns in some cases, the masks, the gloves, hand  sanitizer, to be able to afford that, and to be sure that there is  testing in place so employees and consumers feel safe reentering the  economy. This tax credit will support our efforts to make our  workplaces healthy and safe and to build consumer confidence that all  appropriate measures are being taken.   It doesn't really matter what we say as elected officials. It doesn't  matter what our Governors are saying or local health officials. If  people don't feel safe or feel comfortable, they are not going to  reengage in the economy and step forward. I think this kind of a tax  credit should be something that both sides of the aisle can strongly  support, and we can ensure that we are doing everything we can to get  people back to a more normal life.   As we tackle this healthcare challenge head-on, we also can't afford  to step back on our efforts to combat the drug epidemic. Remember the  opioid crisis that we were facing over the last couple of years. It has  devastated communities all around our country, including my home State  of Ohio. Unfortunately, we are seeing, during the coronavirus pandemic,  the number of addictions, overdoses, and overdose deaths is growing.  This is very concerning, particularly because, thanks to a lot of  efforts, including efforts in this body, to provide more treatment and  recovery and prevention services, we were finally making progress in  2018. In my State of Ohio we had a 22-percent decrease in opioid  overdose deaths. Every single year for the previous dozen years we had  seen increases, and, finally, we were making progress. Now,  unfortunately, we seem to be backtracking because of the COVID-19  crisis.   People are isolated, and people are feeling anxiety. People are not  being able to access the treatment they used to be able to access. So  in this legislation, we should also be sure that we make permanent the  progress we have made recently with coronavirus in providing more  telehealth treatment, making that more accessible. I have introduced  legislation called the TREAT Act that would do just that so we don't  lose ground on this other deadly disease.   We also need to look forward to the fall and ensure that we have  funding to support the schools so they are able to safely reopen their  doors to students. Keeping our children out of the classroom for a  protracted period of time has already had a negative impact on many of  them with regard to educational advancement.   We have heard this from the experts, the American Pediatric Society,  and the pediatricians back home--the doctors who are looking at this  situation are saying it is very helpful in terms of getting kids back  to school for education but also for their mental health and for their  social skills.   On top of that, many parents, of course, have been forced to make  impossible decisions. Do they go to work to earn a paycheck or do they  stay home to take care of their child. So reopening the schools will  have the effect of having childcare, which is very important. We need  to act fast to ensure children don't lose more progress.   Our phase 5 legislation should provide funding to help our schools  safely reopen, whether it is providing additional masks, gloves or  other protective gear or other resources we have talked about, I think  that money is well spent.   Second, we have to get the economy moving again. To do that, I  believe we need to remove the disincentive currently in place; whereby,  interestingly, we tried to help on unemployment insurance, but we  provided a flat $600 payment that has actually disincentivized a lot of  people from going back to work. Why? Because most individuals are  making more on unemployment insurance than at their previous job. A  University of Chicago study says that 60 to 70 percent of those who are  on unemployment insurance are making more on UI than they did when  working.    As part of this negotiation, I believe Congress should and will  extend the additional Federal unemployment insurance benefit in some  form, but you shouldn't get paid more not to work. I think that is a  principle that we all agree with, I hope, on both sides of the aisle.  We should fix this disincentive to work by making the benefit a  percentage of your previous income.   By the way, a July 13 Yahoo Finance-Harris Poll found that 62 percent  of Americans believed these enhanced UI benefits served as a  disincentive to work. They are right. It doesn't have to be that way.  We can help people to ensure they get the support they need but not  have them being paid more than they would if they were going to work.   Depending on how high the Federal payment is, by the way, we ought to  also consider a return-to-work bonus for individuals that they receive  on top of their paycheck--in other words, take part of the Federal  benefit with them back to work. I have been promoting this since May.  We haven't been able to pass it yet around here, but I think this would  help people--help those workers who do want to go back to work to be  able to make that tough decision without having a financial  disincentive. It would help our small businesses and others who need  the workforce badly, and it would help our economy begin to be able to  reopen properly.   This idea, by the way, has broad support across the country. That  same poll I talked about found that 69 percent of respondents support a  return-to-work bonus.   There are various ways we can accomplish this goal, but I believe it  would be helpful if it is paired with an extension of the unemployment  insurance.   So this is something we have to focus on and come up with a  bipartisan consensus--a compromise--to ensure that we are not paying  people more not to work but ensure we are taking care of people who are  furloughed through no fault of their own.   I also think we should be considering provisions to help incentivize  the hiring from the employer side, so it is also providing more of an  incentive to bring people on board. A way to do this that makes a lot  of sense to me because it is building on legislation we have already  passed is to expand and repurpose the work opportunity tax credit to  add a category for COVID-19 furloughed individuals. Also, the employee  retention tax credit from the CARES Act we passed just a short while  ago can be improved to make it more encompassing and a better hiring  credit. Helping to subsidize the marginal cost of a new hire will allow  businesses to ramp up operations more quickly as the economy reopens,  while also bringing more individuals off of the unemployment rolls and  into the workforce.   I hope these are part of whatever legislative package we end up with.  Again, these two should be bipartisan. The work opportunity tax credit  has always been bipartisan. The retention tax credit was bipartisan in  the CARES Act. These are things we can do, and they should get done.   We should be sure to stick with what has worked to this point in our  coronavirus response. One of the biggest successes, of course, has been  the PPP loan program. However, one flaw in the original law creating  the PPP program was that it put in place barriers to loans for those  owners who had unrelated felony records.   This was brought to my attention by a constituent of mine. His name  is Troy Parker. He is a person who has done everything you would expect  and you would want someone to do who comes off of a felony conviction-- a mistake that he made. He was given a second chance, and he took it.  He started a small business. It is a cleaning business, and he hires a  lot of other second-chance individuals--returning citizens. He gives  them a chance, an opportunity, and he has been successful. But during  the coronavirus pandemic, he lost a lot of his business, as you can  imagine, so he applied for a PPP loan. He was told he couldn't get one.  Why? Because he has a felony record. He has a conviction for a  financial crime, and it was within the last 5  [[Page S4406]]  years. It was several years ago, but it was in the last 5 years, so he  couldn't get a PPP loan. Well, he is just the kind of individual we  would want to help.   Thanks to Troy, we engaged on this issue when we learned about it. We  worked with the Treasury Department. We got some immediate relief in  terms of a rule, but we now have to put that into law to provide the  relief that is needed to provide certainty and to codify it. The  Paycheck Protection Program Second Chance Act does that. It is  bipartisan. Senator Cardin and I introduced this legislation. It has to  be part of the next bill because it makes so much sense.   We also need a plan to adapt our economy for a future where many  individuals may be living more of their lives at home and online. This  is easier in some urban areas where you have access to broadband, but  it can be a huge hurdle in some other areas, particularly rural parts  of our country, including parts of Ohio.   Think about it. We rely much more on telehealth, much more on  telelearning, and much more on teleworking. Yet, in many parts of the  country, there is no access to the kind of Wi-Fi, the kind of broadband  that you need to do so effectively.   Earlier this month, I introduced bipartisan and bicameral legislation  to accelerate broadband access across the country to help our economy.  Rural America deserves the same level of access to broadband, and  including this legislation in this phase 5 package would help them get  it faster.   Third, we need to solve the growing problem of State and local  governments running out of funding the longer this crisis continues.  This has affected some critical public safety services like EMS,  firefighters, and police departments, leaving more Americans vulnerable  at the worst possible time.   Ohio is particularly vulnerable because many of our local governments  are so reliant on income taxes. In fact, the Brookings Institute has  determined that four of the top five cities of America that will feel  the largest fiscal impact are probably cities in Ohio.   Back in April, Senator Brown and I urged the Treasury to provide more  flexibility so local governments can use the CARES funding that has  been provided for critical services like police and fire. While the  administration--thanks to Secretary Mnuchin understanding and acting on  this--did so administratively, it now has to be codified to be sure we  have the needed certainty.   When I was home the last few weeks, I heard a lot about this from our  county commissioners, our municipalities, and our mayors saying: We  don't know if we can use these funds this way or that way. We have to  be sure we have some certainty here. We don't want to have to repay  this money.    So this codification will also be very important.   The flexibility, I hope, is something that both sides of the aisle  can agree to. Why shouldn't we have more flexibility with regard to the  CARES funding?   By the way, some of it hasn't been spent yet. As an example, in Ohio  we still have $850 million that is slated to go to the local  communities, to our commissioners, and to our mayors for our cities  that are under 500,000. Yet we don't have the flexibility and certainty  we need there. That is important to pass as part of this legislation.   These are just a few policy proposals, I believe, that can make an  immediate and lasting impact in our response to the challenges we face  with this coronavirus pandemic. I am sure that in the coming days, we  will be discussing the next steps forward in-depth because I believe we  all recognize how important it is to get this right and to move quickly  on it.   Unemployment, by the way, expires--that $600--on July 31, at the end  of next week. That is a deadline we can't let pass.   We are facing a momentous test of our ability to come together once  again to address a disease that has changed almost every aspect of our  lives, seemingly overnight. It is our responsibility to do that. Now is  the time to put aside partisanship, get away from our partisan corners,  and work together on some of these constructive solutions.   I look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the  aisle--my colleague from Washington State, my colleagues from North  Dakota, and my colleagues who I know share my concern that we can't  allow this opportunity to pass. We have to once again come together.   As we said tonight, there are many of these things that are  bipartisan, where there can be a lot of consensus. We have to move  forward to support our healthcare system, our schools, our employers,  and our families as we work to overcome this crisis.   I yield the floor.   