 Madam President, I rise to join my colleague from Rhode  Island in celebrating the career of a distinguished national servant  and university leader, the Honorable Ronald K. Machtley, who is  retiring from Bryant University after serving as its president for 24  years. Today, marks President Machtley's final day at the helm of  Bryant University. He has been an extraordinary leader and has placed  the university on a path for continued growth and innovation.   President Machtley brought a deep commitment to public service to  Bryant University. A graduate of the Naval Academy, he retired as a  captain after 25 years in Active Duty and the Reserves. He was elected  to the House of Representatives to represent the First Congressional  District of Rhode Island in 1988, where he served for three terms. Two  of these terms, we served side by side. In 1996, he was selected to be  the eighth president of then-Bryant College, an institution founded in  1863 to provide business education to working people, especially Civil  War veterans.   When he arrived at Bryant College, President Machtley found an  institution struggling to survive. Enrollment was low, with five empty  dormitories, and the budget was in deficit. He began the painstaking  work of restoring the college's confidence, finances, and educational  programs. By 2004, Bryant College was ready to become Bryant  University. Today, applications to Bryant are at alltime highs, and  enrollment stands at 3,500 undergraduate students compared to only  2,200 in 1996. President Machtley also led successful capital campaigns  and oversaw the transformation of campus facilities, including the 2016  opening of the state-of-the-art Academic Innovation Center. He expanded  Bryant's reach around the globe, opening a campus in Zhuhai, China.  These investments in the university have paid off. Bryant has climbed  in the national rankings, and Bryant graduates are highly competitive.  Recent data show that 99 percent of Bryant University students have  jobs or are in graduate school within 6 months of graduation.   Bryant University will also miss the contributions of Mrs. Kati C  Machtley, who has served as an ambassador for the university and  spearheaded important campus initiatives. Since 1997, Mrs. Machtley has  led the annual Women's Summit at Bryant, which has provided a forum to  inspire, empower, and advance women.   The Machtley's have helped lay the foundation that will launch Bryant  University into the future. Now that future is in the good hands of the  faculty, administration, students, and alumni. They continue to inspire  us all with their example. I thank them for their service and wish them  well in retirement.    Madam President, I rise to join my colleague from Rhode  Island in celebrating the tenure of Reverend Brian J. Shanley as the  12th president of Providence College. As he completes his service, we  thank him for his many contributions to the intellectual, social, and  spiritual life in Providence.   A native of Warwick, RI, and a graduate of Toll Gate High School,  Father Shanley raised the national profile of Providence College,  strengthening its academic programs, transforming and modernizing the  campus, and fielding championship athletic teams. During his  presidency, the college established its first Center for Global  Education, the East and West Campuses were finally connected, and the  Friars brought home the 2014 Big East Men's Basketball Championship and  the 2015 NCAA Men's Hockey Championship.   But the extent of his impact on students and the community is much  broader than academic rankings, innovative land use, and sports. He  advanced the mission of the college as an ``institution of higher  education and a community committed to academic excellence in pursuit  of the truth, growth in virtue, and service of God and neighbor.''   The motto of Providence College and the Dominican Order is  ``Veritas'' or ``Truth.'' As president, Father Shanley worked to create  an environment where students could discover truth both academically  and spiritually. He established an Office of Mission and Ministry.  Under his leadership, Providence College students have performed  thousands of hours of community service in the city and beyond. The  search for truth has also led to a greater commitment to racial and  social justice on campus. When students occupied his office, calling  for action on diversity and inclusion, Father Shanley met with them and  agreed to concreate actions to promote diversity and inclusion in  academics and other aspects of campus life. During his tenure the  college also established the Office of Institutional Diversity, Equity,  and Inclusion.   As a scholar of philosophy, Father Shanley follows the teachings of  Saint Thomas Aquinas, another Dominican friar, who wrote that it is  ``better to illuminate than merely shine to deliver to others  contemplated truths than merely to contemplate.'' That is the kind of  leadership Father Shanley has provided to Providence College for these  past 15 years. He will be missed on campus and around town. I wish him  well in his next endeavors and thank him for his service.   