 Mr. President, I thank Senator Wyden for his courtesy  in allowing me to go next. I will be succinct.   The way to get back to work and back to school is to put politics  aside and work together, as we have been doing, on the COVID-19  response and see whether we can get a result for the American people in  the next couple of weeks.   The part of the Safely Back to Work and Back to School Act that I am  introducing today does four things.   First, if you are one of 43 million Americans with a student loan, it  helps you manage your debt. This is the way it does it: If you have no  income, you have no monthly payment. If you remember, in March, we said  to the 43 million Americans with student debt: You can defer your  payment until October 1. Well, that is just around the corner. What we  would propose is, you don't have to pay it after October 1 if you have  no income. If you do have income, your monthly payment will never be  more than 10 percent of your income after deducting the necessities of  life, such as rent, mortgage, or food.   No. 2, if you are a parent, this bill gives your child more choices  of schools, provides scholarships so that your child can return to the  private school he or she attended before the pandemic, and gives other  students a new opportunity to attend private school. Senator Tim Scott  introduced that legislation earlier. I am a cosponsor.   No. 3, if you are a working mom or dad, it helps you find childcare  so you can go back to work. A lot of our childcare centers operate on a  very thin margin. They have reduced revenue because they don't have as  many clients these days. Senator Blunt's bill and Senator Shelby's  appropriations bill will provide money so that they can stay open and  provide safe environments to two-thirds of the children in the United  States under age 6 who have parents in the workforce.   Finally, our bill--the part I am introducing--improves the Strategic  National Stockpile so that we can maintain adequate supplies of masks,  gloves, protective equipment, as well as onshore manufacturing capacity  for tests, treatments, and vaccines that we are building now. We want  to make sure that it doesn't go away and we have to rely on other  countries in other parts of the world.   This legislation is about children, jobs, and healthcare.   As far as schools go, there are 100,000 public schools and 35,000  private schools in our country. There are about 5 million students in  the private schools and 50 million in the public schools. Every one of  those children is a treasure. I have worked with Senator Blunt to help  the country's 135,000 schools and 6,000 colleges have the money they  need to open with as many students physically present as is consistent  with safety.   The Safely Back to Work and Back to School Act poses making $70  billion available for schools; another $30 billion for colleges. That  means roughly $1,200 per student for public and private schools across  the country. One-third of the money would be distributed automatically  to all 135,000 schools. That is probably about $400 a student--a  significant amount of money. Two-thirds of the money would go to  schools that are opening with students physically present to help pay  for the extra costs of providing that instruction in a safe  environment. If they are trying to open with students physically  present, it makes logical sense to say that if they have to have more  buses, if they have to hire more teachers, if they have to have more  protective equipment, then those schools need more help paying for  that.   There will be more funding, as Senator Shelby mentioned, to help  contain this sneaky, dangerous virus and give Americans more  opportunity for access to healthcare. There is more funding in this  overall legislation for testing, for the National Institutes of Health,  community health centers, the distribution of vaccines, and to extend  the expansion of teleservice activities that has happened during the  pandemic.   This legislation reflects our Nation's priorities, which are safely  back to school, safely back to childcare, and safely back to work.   I yield the floor.   