 Madam President, 55 years ago, a courageous band of civil  rights activists, including the fearless   John Lewis, began a march  for what many of us considered a sacred right to vote. They marched  from Selma to Montgomery, and they marched in the face of unspeakable  violence. They shed their blood for access to the ballot. While much  has changed in the last 55 years, this struggle for voting equality,  and this march for progress, continues.   On Sunday, I was inspired yet again by my hero, my dear friend, now- Congressman   John Lewis, who summoned depthless strength to lead  thousands in commemorating the anniversary of Bloody Sunday. This was  not merely a commemoration; it was a clarion call to action. Those of  us who know the Congressman know he has been seriously ill but has not  given up the fight. In fact, Congressman Lewis's voice booming over the  crowd reminded us all to ``continue to fight . . . now more than  ever.''   ``I'm not going to give up,'' he thundered. ``I'm not going to give  in.'' I am proud to stand with my dear friend, Congressman   John  Lewis.   In the past several years, a number of States have done all they  could to disenfranchise tens of thousands of minority voters. Their  tactics were often brazen and transparent. While these voter  suppression schemes took many forms--from sweeping purges of voter  rolls to arbitrary, new identification requirements--they all shared  one purpose and one purpose alone: making voting more difficult for  minorities and the marginalized. As a Federal judge observed when he  struck down one such State's voter ID law, it sought to disenfranchise  ``African Americans with almost surgical precision.''   Today, we are seeing a reprise of these efforts ahead of one of the  most consequential elections in the history of our democracy. Those  doing the suppressions don't even pretend to hide their intent.   In November, a senior adviser to President Trump's reelection  campaign came right out and said the quiet part, but he said it out  loud. He observed that ``traditionally . . . Republicans [suppress]  votes,'' and then he predicted that voter suppression is ``going to be  a much bigger program, a much more aggressive program'' in 2020.   In May 2019, Tennessee enacted a draconian law imposing criminal  penalties against voter registration groups who submitted so-called  deficient registration forms. In October 2019, Florida's State  legislature tried to undo a constitutional amendment overwhelmingly  approved by Floridians to restore voting rights to former felons. This  is something we take for granted in Vermont--that they can vote. These  efforts have thankfully been halted, at least temporarily, in the  courts. There will be other States that attempt what Florida and  Tennessee tried--or even worse. And those who value the sanctity of the  vote will be engaged in an endless war of Whac-A-Mole in the courts to  stop these un-American efforts to suppress the right to vote.   Why have States been given such free rein to suppress the minority  vote? It is because of the disastrous 2013 Supreme Court decision,  Shelby County v. Holder. That gutted section 5 of the Voting Rights  Act, which had been voted on by both Democrats and Republicans. It  gutted it. It crippled the Federal Government's ability to proactively  prevent discriminatory changes to State voting laws.   In the wake of Shelby County, States have unleashed a torrent of  voter suppression schemes, some almost immediately after the decision  came down, knowing full well that the Federal Government can no longer  serve as a shield against disenfranchisement. Our democracy depends on  these changes--and changing now. The proliferation, the threats to the  right to vote in the wake of Shelby County, makes it unmistakably clear  that we need the full protections of the Voting Rights Act.   That is exactly why, for years, I have championed, authored, and I  have reintroduced the Voting Rights Advancement Act. I reintroduced  this legislation again in 2019. I note it is a bipartisan bill. I  should repeat this. It is a bipartisan bill. Republicans and Democrats  alike support it to restore section 5 of the Voting Rights Act and  improve and modernize that landmark legislation, and provide the  Federal Government with other critical tools to combat this full- fledged assault on the franchise.   A total of 47 Senators publicly stated they support this commonsense  effort to protect the right to vote. Why don't we bring it to a vote?  If people want to continue these suppressions, let them vote that way.  If they want to allow people to vote, let them vote that way. If the  majority leader would simply let  [[Page S1286]]  it come to a vote--right now it is being stopped by one person. If the  majority leader would simply let it come to a vote, it would pass. The  House has already passed its companion version of my legislation.   I find it offensive for those who claim this bipartisan, bicameral  legislation is some kind of partisan power grab. In America, it is the  governed who possess the power. Restoring their power is not partisan.  Restoring their power is what it means to be a democracy.   I say to my friend the majority leader, to Senator McConnell: All  eyes are on you. Will he release the Voting Rights Advancement Act from  his legislative graveyard and do it before the elections? Will he  simply allow an up-or-down vote on this legislation to restore the  bipartisan Voting Rights Act of 1965? History is watching.   As my hero and friend   John Lewis powerfully reminded us this past  Sunday, ``We've got to make America better for all of her people. . . .  We're one people, we're one family.'' I agree. The right to vote for  all Americans is the beating heart of our form of government. Indeed,  it is the very right that gives democracy its name. Let us show the  world we are deserving of that name. Let us show the world the  conscience of the Senate is that we will go forward and vote it--vote  for it or vote against it but vote it. Don't just keep it from coming  to a vote.   Unfortunately, when you keep it from coming to a vote, it looks too  much like what we are trying to do to a lot of people, especially  minorities in this country, is keep them from voting. We have  Republicans and Democrats in this body. Let us vote up or down on this.  Most importantly, as we do in my State of Vermont, we fight to make  sure every Vermonter gets to vote no matter what their party is, no  matter where they live, no matter who they are. Let's see if we can do  that for the rest of the country. We would be a better country for it.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Deborah  Fleischaker, a detailee on my Judiciary Committee staff, be granted  floor privileges for the remainder of the 116th Congress.   