 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of  H.R. 4044, the Protect and Restore America's Estuaries Act, a  bipartisan piece of legislation to reauthorize and improve the National  Estuary Program, the NEP. I thank Representative Malinowski for his  leadership on preserving our Nation's estuaries as well.   Puget Sound, where I am from, is the largest estuary by water volume  in the contiguous United States, and the waters and wildlife that call  it home are one of the cornerstones of northwest Washington's  environment, culture, and maritime economy.   As co-chair of the Congressional Estuary Caucus, I strongly support  efforts to ensure robust Federal investment in the National Estuary  Program and its vital projects, which is why I am proud and very  pleased to support the Protect and Restore America's Estuaries Act.  This critical legislation reauthorizes the National Estuary Program  through fiscal year 2026 and increases funding for this critical  program to $50 million annually.   H.R. 4044 also includes language I authored making clear that NEP  competitive funds must be allocated for NEP-listed estuaries or  projects that relate to these estuaries' coastal resiliency. This will  help ensure that the Environmental Protection Agency follows  congressional intent for NEP dollars to support local estuary  restoration projects.   I look forward to voting for H.R. 4044 to ensure local communities  across the country can continue their work to protect and restore  estuaries.   On a related note, I also want to rise in support of the PUGET SOS  Act, which will be considered later today. Introduced by my colleagues  in the Washington delegation, Representatives Heck and Kilmer, this  bill will improve and expand Federal engagement in Puget Sound recovery  efforts.   At a time when the impacts of climate change threaten coastal  communities throughout the Pacific Northwest and the U.S., endanger  iconic species such as the southern resident killer whale, and decimate  critical habitats, federal engagement and investment in estuary  restoration must be a priority.   