 Madam Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from Texas  for his leadership on this issue.   I, too, rise in support of the Paycheck Protection Program and the  Health Care Enhancement Act. This provides a fourth installment of  funds to continue to address the impact of the COVID-19 virus on the  American people.   We have heard all the stories about how people have lost their lives,  lost their loved ones, lost their business, lost their jobs. This bill  will replenish the Paycheck Protection Program for small businesses,  and it will provide additional funding for healthcare providers and  expanded testing.   And I am glad we are finally here. For too long, Democrat leaders in  the House and Senate played partisan politics. They needlessly delayed  the initial passage of the CARES Act, and then they prevented a quick  replenishment of the funds for the PPP. That left our small businesses  and the people they employ in the lurch.   With record unemployment claims, we have seen that every single day,  every day, counts in this pandemic. That is why Republicans and  President Trump were so adamant over the last two weeks about the need  to not let these programs run out of money. We all knew that was going  to happen. We could have done this unanimously.   Painfully, Democrats took an ice-cream break while small businesses  were left empty-handed, a pointless weeklong shuttering of the Paycheck  Protection Program that hurt Americans and undoubtedly cost thousands  of jobs.   As a member of the President's bipartisan task force on reopening the  economy, I remain committed to ensuring that there are resources and  strategies in place for widespread testing that our health and economic  experts have said is needed to reopen the country.   And while I support additional funding for healthcare-related  expenses, it should never have been at the expense of bankrupting more  small employers and throwing more people into the unemployment lines.   The American people's plight should not be used as leverage for  partisan priorities, especially in the midst of a crisis. We must move  forward in a united way that puts the needs of the American people  first.   Now, let's pass this measure, get it to the President's desk, so we  can begin to safely reopen this country.   