 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of S. 3744. the Uyghur  Human Rights Policy Act of 2020. I was proud to join Congressman Chris  Smith to introduce an earlier version of this important legislation at  the beginning of last year and I'm glad to that we are finally able to  get this legislation across the finish line today.   As a senior Member of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs, and a  committed defender of human rights, I have watched over the years as  the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) routinely mistreats its people. The  list of abuses is too long to recount here but it spans every sector of  human life from religious freedom, to due process protections, to press  freedom and freedom of assembly, to China's notorious population  policies. Pretty much every freedom in our Bill of Rights is lacking in  China.   Religious freedom, specifically, is a longstanding issue. The CCP  seems to think that religion is a fundamental enemy. Not only are  Christians hounded and mistreated, but Falun Gong practitioners are  brutally persecuted, with many having their organs harvested  involuntarily.   That brings us to the situation in Xinjiang and the Orwellian  nightmare faced by Uyghur Muslims there today. As the problem has  gotten worse and more facts have come out, the situation has become  clear. China imprisons somewhere between one and three million Uyghurs  in concentration camps where they undergo indoctrination and forced  labor. Many are tortured. For Uyghurs outside the camps, the CCP also  makes life difficult, subjecting them to intense surveillance and  policing. Notably, Uyghurs both in and outside the camps are made to  eat foods forbidden to Muslims and forced to abandon other practices of  their faith. The Party even pursues Uyghurs in other countries by  attempting to control their behavior through threats against family  members still in China and by pressuring other countries to send them  back to China.  [[Page H2300]]    No one deserves to live with this kind of persecution which is why  this malicious treatment of the Uyghurs by the CCP must brought to an  end. We all wish to see the day when China behaves like, and can be  treated as, a normal country. Until that time, we delude ourselves if  we treat it like one. That is why we must enact the Uyghur Human Rights  Policy Act today.   