 Mr. Speaker, if there is a bill that more accurately  reflects the failure of Democratic leadership for my first 2 years in  Congress, I don't know what it is.   I know that because I came to Congress knowing of the problems with  the Postal Service. I am the only Republican on the Oversight and  Reform Committee who cosponsored the Democrats' bill to remove the  prefunding of their pensions. I have been working on this, been curious  about it, and have cared about it for a very long time.   I supported former Chairman Cummings' and Mark Meadows' bipartisan  solution for the Postal Service because I represent a rural State, and  privatization is bad for my constituents.   But do you know how important this has been to the Oversight and  Reform Committee?   Our last hearing on the Postal Service was in April of 2019. But  somehow, we have decided that because the previous Postmaster General  who was appointed in 2015 and didn't resign until June and did  something unique in this town--made sure just about everybody hated  her.   But now we are saying this all blew up last week. But it didn't. I  know it didn't because you can Google postal problems in any  jurisdiction from one end of this country to the other and you know  they have existed before.   But instead we will come to the floor, debate a bill offered and  sponsored by the chair of the committee of jurisdiction, we will vote  on it today, and then we will have a hearing on Monday about the bill.  So before we even talk about the fact that we are giving $25 billion to  an organization that already has $25 billion cash on hand, and  regardless of how you feel about this, $25 billion does not deliver  votes, and we have no ability to do this.   We are doing this in a way that is completely and utterly political  theater because anybody who has been paying attention knows that the  post office problems are chronic, they are not acute. They have lost  $70 billion since 2007, and they lost $9 billion in 2019.   So my question is: Why haven't we been having hearings on this in the  Committee on Oversight and Reform for the 2 years I have been here?   