 Mr. President, I would like to add, on behalf of my  Democratic colleagues, the concerns expressed for the President and  First Lady, that they recover quickly and fully.   Having had coronavirus--likely contracted here when we were working  on the CARES Act in March--I understand how tricky this can be and,  knowing four people who died of coronavirus, how serious it can be. Our  prayer is that this is a mild case, and it passes quickly.   I also extend the same concern on behalf of my Democratic colleagues  for the Members of the Senate who have recently tested positive and  hope that they either have no symptoms or the symptoms pass quickly.   I couldn't help but notice, as I came into the Senate today on the  subway from the Russell building, that there is an advisory that has  been posted for months down at the entrance to the Senate that says  that we are trying to follow CDC guidelines, but the advisory placard  says nothing about masks--nothing.   I have wondered about that as I passed before it in the past, but in  light of the experience over the last few days, I think in order to  fairly follow science-based guidelines and give people warnings about  what they should do to protect their health, we might consider a  different placard.   Briefly, with respect to the majority leader's comments--I would love  to be working on a COVID bill. The House passed a Democratic preferred  COVID bill--the Heroes Act--in May. I understand the majority leader  and his colleagues find things about it they don't like.   There is no expectation that they would just take up the House  Democratic bill and pass it, but we waited through May and then June  and then July and then August, until finally, in mid to late September,  the majority put a bill on the floor that we viewed, frankly, as  insufficient.   It contained no funds for State and local government aid, no funds  for rental or mortgage assistance, no funds for SNAP benefits or food  aid. It would have stricken State laws, such as those that had been  passed in Virginia to try to provide a workplace safety standard for  people returning to work in the days of COVID.   We voted the bill down, as the majority leader knows, but we did so  with the expectation that that no vote would function much like the no  vote in March functioned when we came in on a Sunday and we voted down  a partisan proposal, and a few days later, we had a bipartisan  proposal--the CARES Act--that has helped millions and millions of  Americans, small businesses, hospitals, families.   We hope that no vote would lead to the same negotiation that could  potentially find a solution for Americans who are still looking for  relief, but the majority wants to now move to a different topic. They  want to now speed through a Supreme Court nomination with an  unprecedented speed and, indeed, an unprecedented process.   I understand that the majority leader might categorize the Democrats'  concerns about proceeding at a time of great sickness as a procedural  trick, but I don't think there is any unreasonableness to a Judiciary  Committee member's request that a hearing on the single most important  appointment that the Senate might make should be done in person. If it  is done in person, it should be done in person in a way that is safe.  That is the request the Democrats would have and that we continue to  believe would be in accord with the institution's norms but also the  best thing for the safety of all Members.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object.    Would the Senator modify his request so that in lieu of  reconvening Monday, October 19, there be additional pro forma sessions  with no business conducted at 12 noon on the following dates: October  20, October 23, October 27, October 30, and November 3; further, that  when the Senate adjourn on November 3, the Senate next convene at 12  noon on Wednesday, November 4, with the remaining provisions of the  original request in effect?   