 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 756, the Moving Our  Democracy and Congressional Operations Towards Modernization  Resolution.   Mr. Speaker, this bipartisan resolution is an important one that I  believe will improve the day-to-day operations of the House.   I first want to thank Chairman Kilmer and Vice Chair Graves for their  impressive leadership of the Select Committee on Modernization.   I also want to give a special moment of silence in honor of Vice  Chair Graves' son, who was in a bad accident on a bicycle. If Members  could bear with me to honor Mr. Graves and have a moment of silence to  pray for his son's recovery.   Mr. Speaker, the tone that has been set at the Select Committee on  the Modernization of Congress has been a refreshing reminder that there  is still a way to work in a truly bipartisan manner, respecting  differing opinions across the aisle. Six Members of Congress from each  party came together to work toward a common goal: to make this  institution better.   Americans deserve an efficient and effective legislature. A  modernized Congress will increase our ability to respond to the needs  of communities; save taxpayer dollars; erase layers of bureaucracy;  further professionalize the institution; and revitalize a transparent,  understandable, and efficient legislative process.   H. Res. 756 is a package of 29 bipartisan recommendations from the  select committee's findings on ways to improve Congress. These  recommendations will increase public accessibility, modernize the  information technology that offices use, streamline human resources,  improve training offerings, enhance the ways we can communicate with  our constituents, and create more transparency and access to public  documents, among other necessary advancements.   Mr. Speaker, I am a proud member of the Select Committee on the  Modernization of Congress, and as the ranking member at the Committee  on House Administration, I look forward to working toward implementing  these vital recommendations.   While the passage of H. Res. 756 is crucial for improving how the  House operates, I know the work is not done. I look forward to being a  part of moving additional pieces of legislation the select committee  puts forward.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Washington (Mr. Newhouse), my good friend and another  member of the Select Committee on the Modernization of Congress.    Mr. Speaker, at this time, I yield 2  minutes to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. Brooks), another member  of the Select Committee on the Modernization of Congress.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. Timmons), our freshman Member on our  side of the aisle on the Select Committee on the Modernization of  Congress.    Mr. Speaker, at this point, while he  meanders up to the microphone, I would like to say this is our last  speaker, but another valued member of the Select Committee on the  Modernization of Congress, somebody whom not only the committee is  going to miss when he leaves this institution after this term, but this  institution is going to miss him.   I yield as much time as he would like to consume to the gentleman  from Georgia (Mr. Woodall).    Mr. Speaker, in closing, I can't add  anything to what my good friend Robert ``Frank'' Woodall said, so I am  going to yield back the balance of my time.   