 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this important legislative  package to protect Americans' health and financial security as our  Nation confronts the coronavirus crisis.   I want to highlight quickly three policies that the Ways and Means  Committee contributed to the measure before us this evening.   First, we are ensuring that the coronavirus testing is provided free  of charge. It is imperative that anyone who needs to be tested for  coronavirus is able to afford that testing. If individuals worry that  they can't afford the cost of the test, they will forgo it and risk  endangering themselves and their community.   To provide Americans with the necessary confidence they need to seek  testing, we have included a provision that ensures free coronavirus  testing in Medicare, Medicaid, and CHIP, as well as for people enrolled  in private insurance, the uninsured, Tribal communities receiving care  outside of Indian health facilities, and our military families.   Second, we are making a historic emergency commitment to paid leave  for the American family members affected by coronavirus. One of our top  priorities was to get Americans affected by coronavirus emergency paid  leave so that they can pay their bills. After intense negotiation with  Treasury, we have agreed that this is an emergency.   We will require employers to provide the leave and reimburse them for  the full cost via tax credits. Affected self-employed workers would be  eligible for refundable tax credits.   In the long run, we need a comprehensive paid leave program like the  one in the FAMILY Act. If we had that now, we would be in a far better  place with options available to us as workers confront these  challenges.   Finally, we are implementing measures to stabilize the unemployment  insurance system and make sure that workers can access their earned  benefits. These provisions will immediately help States deal with  spikes in unemployment and prepare them for any future local or  national recessions.   These provisions give States necessary flexibility to provide  unemployment insurance to coronavirus-affected individuals without  delays caused by waiting periods and work search requirements.   I want to acknowledge, in closing, that despite the urgency with  which we have worked, this legislation had the benefit of extensive  bipartisan negotiations and thoughtful consideration. My  [[Page H1688]]  staff has worked around the clock, as always, working with Ranking  Member Brady's staff to get bipartisan input into these provisions.   The Speaker and I have spent much time on the phone with the  Secretary of the Treasury to ensure, along with Mr. Mnuchin, that this  bill is a solution that the administration and both parties in this  institution can support.   As a result, we have a very good product here. I am confident this  measure will pass Congress with full bipartisan support and reach the  President's desk without issue.   As we face this challenge, Americans are looking to their government  leaders to come together and present real solutions. Today, we are  doing that. We are taking decisive action to help limit the spread of  coronavirus, allow Americans critical access to testing, and provide  families financial security in the near and the long term.   Lastly, let me acknowledge the committee staff at the Ways and Means  Committee for the work that they have put into this legislative  achievement. Legislative counsel truly put in a Herculean effort to  assemble this bill, along with leadership staff. They worked around the  clock, all hours of the day and night, to create the immediacy of this  legislation that will slow the spread of this virus, support American  workers and families, and save lives.   In particular, I want to acknowledge the teams on our Health, Worker  and Family Support, Select Revenue Measures, and Social Security  Subcommittees for their excellent contributions. The American people  will be better equipped to weather this crisis thanks to their  important bipartisan work.   Mr. Speaker, I urge full support of this legislation.   