 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I thank Chairman Grijalva and Congresswoman DeGette for their hard  work on this bill.   Our public lands are iconic features of the American landscape. It is  our duty to preserve and protect these treasured lands, and to be  responsible stewards so that future generations can enjoy them as much  as we do today.   The Protecting America's Wilderness Act recognizes the irreplaceable  value of public lands in our lives by safeguarding public lands and  waters across Colorado, California, and Washington.   But the value of these lands goes far beyond their vast ecological  diversity. They offer our veterans a unique opportunity to heal after  they return home from the frontlines.   My amendment strengthens this bill by promoting the health and  wellness of our veterans and servicemembers through access to lands  protected within this bill, outdoor recreation, and participation in  volunteer programs.   The great American outdoors is uniquely positioned to provide  therapeutic benefits to our veterans and brave men and women in  service. As they transition from service, or a uniform, to civilian  life, public lands have been shown to help them reconnect, recover, and  heal.   We make a sacred promise to every veteran, and it is our duty to  serve them as they have served us and ensure that they can actively  benefit from all that our landscapes have to offer. By doing so, we  honor not only the importance of these lands, but also those who  continue to serve this country today.   I encourage my colleagues to support this amendment and the  underlying bill.    I yield to the gentleman from Idaho (Mr.  Fulcher), the minority manager.    Mr. Chairman, I just want to say thank you to  the gentleman and all the Members of Congress who, not only during the  course of this bill and the amendments and the debate but as a  tradition, in a bipartisan manner are supporting our men and women in  uniform, those who have worn the uniform, and our veterans and their  families.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   