 Madam Speaker, in the last 230 years, dating back to  the founding of our Republic, fewer than 11,000 Americans have had the  privilege to stand here as a Member of Congress.   Today it is my honor to welcome one of the newest, Mike Garcia. As a  veteran, a businessman, a family man, and a first-generation American,  Mike has shown a driven-approach to everything he has taken.   If you ever want a definition of America, look to Mike's life. First  generation, many like our fathers, mothers, grandparents, wanted  something better for their children so they came to America. Mike  dreamed, at age six, that one day maybe he could become a Navy fighter  pilot. He knew it would not be easy, so he strived, applied himself,  and was nominated to the Naval Academy from this body itself.   Not only did he excel, he graduated in the top 3 percent, becoming a  fighter pilot, something many of us always look to the skies to dream  and wonder what it takes to become one. As he became a fighter pilot,  his Nation called upon him to defend our freedoms, those that we  uphold, that he just raised his hand to defend the Constitution a few  short moments ago. He excelled at that because he believes in service.   After his service into the Navy he worked as a businessman. He has a  beautiful family, Rebecca, sons Preston, who is with us on the floor,  and his son Jett, up with his wife Rebecca, and his brother, and  sister-in-law.   George Washington once said: ``Remember that it is the actions and  not the commission that makes an officer, and that there is more  expected from him than the title.'' Washington was speaking about being  a military officer. But his advice perfectly describes what it means to  be a Member of Congress. We are a small group with a big  responsibility, to represent the voice of the people in Washington.  Ultimately, it is our actions, not our titles, that matter.   Mike's feat today is not something people just assumed. Yes, you have  to run. Yes, you have to unite people. But he did something that people  on my side of the aisle have not done in more than 22 years. He did it  in a manner where an election was bigger than most people had thought,  and they had to run these races in a time of a crisis in America that  they held the elections to be different.   He changed the course in a few short times. If there is one person  that I believe can unite this body, unite this Nation, it is a man  whose life actually defines America. Family comes here, the dreams of a  life better for their children.   He strives and excels in public education to get nominated by the  United States House of Representatives and his own congressman to go to  the Naval Academy. He excels at the academy to become a jet fighter  pilot and defends our Nation in a time of need. And one more time his  Nation called upon him to serve, he rose to the occasion, and  unbelievable obstacles that many did not believe he could achieve by  uniting a district to help unite a Nation and help unite Congress  itself.   Madam Speaker, I congratulate Mike, and I look forward to what he is  able to achieve in this body, much that he has been able to achieve  before he came here.   