 Madam President, I rise today with my colleagues from  Colorado and Montana to talk about the incredible coalition that has  come together to support the Great American Outdoors Act and why we  have been able to build a group of folks ranging far beyond this body  who have come together from very disparate parts of the political  spectrum and very disparate parts of our incredible geographic country  to support this piece of legislation.   I think part of what has made this legislation so timely is what we  have all been through in the last 3 months. Many of us were cooped up  in our homes for weeks at a time, and it really drove home for all of  us how incredibly important the time that we get to spend outside is. I  know some of my colleagues, particularly from the West, have been very  articulate about that.   I had a chance to travel around my State at a time when many people  were still cooped up in their homes. Our State Governor was very  thoughtful about the rules to make sure that even as people sought to  socially distance themselves for weeks at a time, they were able to get  access to their local parks, able to get access to open space, able to  get access to our national forests and BLM lands--anyplace, basically,  where people could come together without coming together. There is no  place like the great outdoors to do that.   I would just ask my colleagues--I start with my colleague from  Colorado--if he would care to share some stories about the importance  that we all learned about what we already have--and in many cases have  because of the Land and Water Conservation Fund--in our own backyards  and how important that was in the course of the greatest illness, the  greatest pandemic of our generation's time.   I yield my time to the Senator from Colorado.    Senator, if you would yield for a moment.   To the Senator from Montana, I notice a very similar dynamic emerging  from Montana as it was from New Mexico of being very thoughtful about a  response to the virus but also making sure that people could get out  and just get that time for their physical well-being and their mental  well-being even in the height of the pandemic. In doing that  responsibly--and I think it certainly impressed upon everyone I talked  to just how important these places have always been. Maybe sometimes we  took them for granted, but I think the last 3 months have helped us not  take the great American outdoors for granted.    I really think that our public lands are one of  America's greatest democratic accomplishments. You think about the fact  of how we became a nation. When you look at the history in Europe,  people were locked out of the great lands of Europe. You look at all of  the futile history that Europe had in wildlife and public lands. Lands  and wildlife belonged to the King; they belonged to the Crown. If you  were caught hunting on those lands, you could be put to death. You  didn't have access to those lands later in European history unless you  could pay for them.   Our forefathers were very thoughtful about not wanting that to be the  same approach in the United States of America and making sure that our  wildlife was held in trust for all of us and that these lands would be  held in trust for all of us.   One of the greatest things about the Land and Water Conservation  Fund, from my perspective, is that it really increased access to the  national forests, parks, and other places that had already been  created.   I would be curious if my colleagues have stories about particular  places that didn't have public access; that maybe for somebody just  working in a small town, if there was an incredible mountain range or  place you could hunt or fish or camp that was off limits, and because  of the Land and Water Conservation Fund, an easement or a trail or some  other means of access was provided that opened it up to the working- class families of their constituencies. We certainly have those stories  in New Mexico.   I would ask my colleagues if they have particular places in Colorado  or Montana where that has been the case because of this incredibly  important fund.    You are saying you don't have to hire a guide; you  don't have to spend $10,000 on a private land tag? You can just buy an  elk tag over the counter and go out and pursue elk on your public  lands?    You mention Yellowstone. We have a place in northern  New Mexico that many people refer to as New Mexico's Yellowstone,  because, like Yellowstone, it is a high elevation caldera. It is a  place where there was a supervolcano, and that supervolcano collapsed  in on itself. When it did, it created what they call a reverse  treeline, a series of very high elevation meadows connected to each  other with a ring of mountains around them. Near the caldera there is a  huge elk herd, hot springs, and wild trout.   That place is called the Valles Caldera National Preserve today. It  was actually first proposed as a national park, I think, in about 1916,  if you can believe that.   Almost to the month, 100 years later, we were able to make this a  national preserve, which is like a National Park Service property that  also allows for hunting and fishing. We did that because the family who  had been a great steward of that land for decades had decided that they  needed to sell it, but they wanted to see it preserved. What came to  the rescue in that case was the Land and Water Conservation Fund, in  one of the largest acquisitions of private land from a willing private  seller--an enthusiastic private seller to the public trust.   Today this is an 89,000-acre national preserve that anyone in the  United States can visit. Once again, anyone with a hunting license can  apply for an elk tag there, can go fishing there. It is just a  remarkable, remarkable place.   It would never have happened and this would be covered in vacation  homes if it were not for that tool.    As my colleague from Montana said--let me back up just  a moment. The folks in Raton are also very excited about what is going  on at Fisher's Peak and looking at different possibilities for their  community just over the divide from Trinidad.   One of the places, as my colleague from Montana described them, is  taking public lands that literally are held in trust for all of us, but  some of them you just can't get to anymore, because of lands changing  hands over the years, private land acquisitions and county road  closures at times. Sometimes you can find yourself in these positions  where something as large as 10,000 acres or 15,000 acres of public land  can find itself cut off from any legal access to the public.   In New Mexico, we actually had the country's only designated  wilderness area where, simply, there was no legal public access. There  was not a trail, not a road. There was no way to get there. In recent  years, we were able to work with the Secretaries of the Interior, and  using the Land and Water Conservation Fund, we were able to open up and  expand that. Today people are able to hike, camp, and hunt. It has a  little water in it, but I don't know anybody who has actually fished  there. But it is a labyrinth of canyons and rim rock country similar to  what most people would associate with Utah. I can tell you that the  community in Las Vegas nearby and in other smaller communities are  really just very excited about the opportunities for tourism and for  access for sportsmen to a place that had been completely inaccessible.   I see we have been joined by our colleague from West Virginia, whom I  know has some really strong feelings about the potential of outdoor  recreation in his State. I didn't realize how many--13,000 peaks in  West Virginia--but I looked in his office today, and there is a whole  mountain chain in West Virginia.   To our colleague, Senator Manchin of West Virginia, do you want to  join us and talk a little bit about the importance of outdoor  recreation and what this legislation might mean in your State?    I think what we have all learned is what a great team  this has been and, obviously, it is a land fund--the Land and Water  Conservation Fund. It means boat ramps and access and many other  things. We will continue to work together to make sure that all of our  States benefit from this program, not just a few, and I know my  colleague from Montana wants to add a few more points to this  conversation.    This has been a spontaneous colloquy, but I think the  time has come for us to give back our time. But I want to thank my  colleagues for their incredible support, and I think folks are going to  take over the floor as we move in to the next phase here.    Senator Portman from Ohio.    When we pass this legislation, I think we are going to  show them that we are going to be good stewards of the Great Smokey  Mountain National Park, as well as parks across our country.   I know that the Nation's newest national park is in New Mexico, and  it is White Sands. Yet we have a set of restrooms that sit on top of a  sinkhole and for far too long have needed repair. That is the kind of  thing I think we will be able to repair all across our country.  [[Page S2956]]    I don't see our colleague Senator King of Maine yet, but he  oftentimes speaks to the fact that what Senator Alexander and Senator  Portman describe in our deferred maintenance is truly debt. Deferred  maintenance is debt, and we are going to take responsibility for that  and really treat our parks the way they deserve and work to extend the  Land and Water Conservation Fund at the same time.   Mr. Chair, with that I think I will give back the rest of our time,  and I want to thank all of my colleagues for joining me in the  colloquy.   