 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk made  in order by the rule.    Mr. Chairman, this amendment, in reading through  the bill, brings something forward that we have experienced a number of  times in the natural disasters that have poured forth and the flooding  in my district over the 17 years-plus that I have represented the folks  in the Missouri River bottom, in particular; but, also, it affects  everybody else around the country.   In reading the base bill, it says that the 3-month grace period that  is granted for a student loan begins on the date that the declaration  of disaster is issued, and often that declaration of disaster is issued  sometimes months after the disaster is over.   The crisis is also over for the former student who was paying their  student loans and having difficulty meeting those obligations because  they have been the victim of a natural disaster, whether it be a  hurricane, whether it be a flood, whether it be a tornado or some other  type of natural disaster. This morning, I saw there was an earthquake  down across from Florida, across the Caribbean.   What this amendment does is move that date back to the initial date  of the disaster itself rather than the date that it was declared a  disaster. The language in the current bill says, ``date on which the  major disaster or emergency was declared.'' Instead, the language  becomes, ``initial date of the incident period of the major disaster or  emergency.''   Mr. Chairman, I would point out some of these dates along the way  that stand out to me.   There was flooding in North Dakota that began on October 9 of 2019  and continued until October 26 of 2019. That disaster was declared not  then, but declared on January 21, 2020. That would have been the first  date that the grace period would kick in under this language. I ask  that that grace period kick in immediately. Although the announcement  will come from FEMA and wouldn't be on the first day of the disaster,  that is the first day that they feel the financial stress.  [[Page H689]]    I will go through a number of these.   The courageous people of Hornick, Iowa, bounced back from that flood  as strongly as anybody I have seen, but that began on March 12, and the  disaster declaration came March 23. So they lost some of those days.   And I look down to Tropical Storm Michael in North Carolina, and that  disaster began October 10 to 12, 2018, and 4 months later, January 31,  2019, was the declaration.   So the credit of these people who are trying diligently to pay their  student loans is damaged unless they have this grace period that begins  when the stress period begins, and that is what my amendment does, Mr.  Chairman, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time  remains.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   I appreciate the gentleman's remarks with regard to this amendment.   I would point out that we have 435 Members in this United States  Congress, and it was envisioned by our Founding Fathers that we would  get ideas from every one of those districts. And they also recognized  that we are all human, and no matter how diligent we might be, no  matter how much we care about the people we are helping, sometimes  things just kind of slide along, look good on the surface, and we are  busy. So that is why we all want to look at this, and that is why I  have the privilege to be here to offer this amendment.   Having gone through natural disaster after natural disaster after  natural disaster, suffered from them myself--in fact, the 1993 flood is  probably why I am in Congress today, because I realized the degree of  risk was not proportional to the potential for profit if you are under  water.   So I want to help those students who want to keep their credit in  line, and I appreciate the support across Congress to do so.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman's remarks  again, and I would just point out that, of this list of disasters that  we have and the delays we have in declaring these disasters, there is  one here on April 29.   A disaster declaration was declared for severe storms and flooding  within the Sac and Fox Tribe in Mississippi and Iowa--and I actually  live in Sac County, although that is not part of that reservation--with  an incident period spanning March 13 till April 1. However, the  disaster declaration was April 29, so there was a month-and-a-half  delay in that one.   I have other examples of this, Mr. Chairman, but I think that we have  made our point here today, and I appreciate the attendance and  diligence of the Members on both sides of the aisle.   Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of my amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   