 Mr. President, as Senator Tim Scott just said and as Rick  Scott and Lindsey Graham just said, this amendment is really, really  simple. All we are trying to say is that we should help everyone who  needs to be helped without accidentally creating a disincentive to  work. That is not good for anybody in the country or the country as a  whole.   We are in the middle of two unprecedented crises right now. We have a  public health crisis, and we have an economic crisis into which we are  just entering. We don't know how long the valley of this recession is  going to be, but I want to be sure that every American who is watching  tonight understands exactly what this debate has been about this  afternoon.   This debate is how you can be both pro-worker and pro-recovery, to be  kind and charitable, and actually also, simultaneously, affirming the  ongoing dignity of work and the necessity of work as our country  battles through this virus and ultimately rebuilds our economy.   Nobody here is arguing about whether we should help workers.  Everybody on both sides of the aisle tonight wants to help workers.  This is a debate about whether we are going to let a poorly drafted  bill knock this Nation still harder in the coming months by  unintentionally increasing unemployment. That is what this debate is  about.   Right now, as the coronavirus is threatening our economy, we know who  the real heroes are. The real heroes are not politicians. There are a  lot of people who have been working all night, five or six nights in a  row, but the heroes who are going to beat this virus and rebuild  America are not politicians.   The heroes are the men and women who are stocking shelves, the men  and women who are picking up trash, the men and women who are driving  trucks and delivering takeout, many of them converting restaurants,  which used to be sit-down, into takeout restaurants and putting food on  the table for a lot of their neighbors. The Americans who are keeping  the pharmacies open--they are the heroes. The daycare workers who are  doing stuff to watch other ER doctors' kids--those are the heroes. The  heroes are the Americans across all 50 States, across every town and  village and suburb and city, who are doing the work, the ordinary jobs  but, now, under extraordinarily painful and difficult circumstances.  They are the heroes, the scrappers, and the doers. We should be  celebrating them, affirming them, and helping them, once we get through  this crisis, to get back to work.   This bill has lots and lots of good stuff in it. I intend to support  it, as well, but there are pieces of this bill that are broken and that  we can fix tonight. If we don't fix them tonight, it is going to  exacerbate our problems, and we will be coming back here in a month or  2 months, trying to fix these problems.   These are the Americans who are going to get us through. They are the  people who are going to keep our supply chains alive, and those supply  chains are the lifeline for lots of Americans right now.   Here is what is wrong with the bill. As it is currently drafted, it  threatens to cripple the supply chain for many different categories of  workers--some in health sectors and some in food prep and food  delivery. This bill, as currently drafted, creates a perverse incentive  for men and women who are sidelined to then not leave the sidelines to  come back to work. This bill creates a perverse incentive for many  employers who should be wanting to try to maintain the employer- employee relationship--it creates a perverse incentive for them to  sever that employer-employee relationship.  [[Page S2047]]    Many other pieces of this bill tried to tackle this problem in a  really constructive way. The $350 billion for the Small Business  Administration--it is trying to build bridge loan programs that help  employers and employees be connected and remain connected through this  downturn. The unemployment insurance piece of this should not work at  cross purposes to what the bill is about in the overall argument.   Nobody has a problem with the generous unemployment benefits that are  in this bill. Nobody has a problem with the generous unemployment  insurance benefits that are in this bill. They should be generous amid  the national crisis we are in. But we don't want this piece of the bill  to create an incentive for folks to stop working and to have their  employers push them away when the employer and employee should be  trying to rally around and together to help us build through this  crisis.   So we want to do something really simple. We want to fix what is  broken here by saying that unemployment insurance benefits should be  capped at 100 percent of the pay you had before you were unemployed.  This isn't just about people who have already been made unemployed.  This is about people who are going to be made unemployed in the coming  weeks.   All this amendment says--which we are voting on in a few minutes--is  that we should cap the unemployment benefits at 100 percent of the  wages you were just receiving while working. It should not be something  the U.S. Congress does to create an incentive where you will get paid  more by not working than you get by working. That is pro-recovery  legislation that tries to keep our supply chains humming and tries to  help us--325 million Americans--come together to beat this thing.   We should vote for workers. We should vote for recovery, and we  should vote to beat this thing and come out stronger on the other side.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I would say very briefly that I appreciate  the comments from the Senator from Illinois explaining his position. It  seems to me that from where he started, he should actually be  supporting the amendment, and then we should figure out what we need to  do to push on the Department of Labor to actually modernize their  systems.   But I just want to say in public something that has been negotiated  for the last 8 or 9 hours--and we haven't been able to get conversation  partners, really, on that side of the aisle--which is that you are  absolutely right that the Department of Labor says that there are  massive system problems in the States. So given that we are entering a  recession at this moment, we are going to have lots and lots of needy  Americans, and the calls on the State departments for unemployment  insurance benefits are substantial right now. So I would just say,  taking you in good faith that you would like to upgrade these systems  so that we could do this thing, which doesn't accidentally stimulate  unemployment by disincentivizing work, I have been trying all afternoon  to get people on that side of the aisle to say: Hey, maybe we can't get  this solved by day one of the new unemployment insurance benefits, but  by week 8 or 9, maybe we should have been able to get to a place where  the Department of Labor had the resources to help these departments of  unemployment insurance deal with this.   So I will follow up with you offline because I would like to work  with you on trying to upgrade these systems.   I have one more thing to say, but if you want to get in a word,  please, go ahead.    The Presiding Officer is very liberal on these things. He  is very easy.    I would reclaim my time pretty soon.    We were agreeing for a while, but I think it is pretty  important here to underscore that your math isn't real.  [[Page S2049]]    The reality is that in lots and lots and lots of States in the  country, where people are earning $12 or $13 or $14 or $15 an hour  right now, the unemployment option they are going to be offered is  going to be more like $24 or $25 an hour.   We are not talking about $1,000 over the course of these months. We  are talking about cases where people might have an annualized wage  right now of $30,000 and be looking at an unemployment benefit of  $1,000 a week, which is $50,000 annualized. So your math isn't real.   The reality is, it isn't $600 total. It is $600 on top of what the  unemployment benefits already were in that State. So there are lots of  people who are struggling to work hard and to love their neighbor. We  have a lot of health aides in Nebraska who make 16 bucks an hour. That  is a $32,000-a-year job. Their work is important. That is a vocation.  People need them.   There are sick people from COVID-19 and other diseases right now in  Nebraska who need the benefit of those health aides, and you just told  them in this bill--we just told them in this bill--yeah, your work is a  little bit important, but look at this. You could make substantially  more money if you didn't do the hard thing of trying to figure out what  do we do with our kids today when school is closing, and I don't know  how to do daycare, and my sister agreed to help take care of my kids,  but do I really put the burden on her when I don't actually have to go  to work to get this same money? In fact, I can get substantially more  money by going on the unemployment insurance program.   That is a disincentive to work that I don't think you believe in, I  know I don't believe in, and I know nobody in my State believes in.   It is not a Republican versus a Democratic issue. This is an American  issue. We believe in workers, and we believe in work, and we don't  believe government should come in and say: It is much better off to be  a nonworker than a worker. You can make a lot more money being a  nonworker than a worker.   We are not talking about people who suffered layoffs last week. We  are talking about creating a system here which will incentivize more  unemployment next week. That is a mistake by this Congress, and we  could and we should be doing better than that tonight.   I know the Senator from Texas has been trying to get in.   I yield the floor.    Six hundred per week.    Twenty-six.    Will the Senator yield?    I don't think that any of us think that a math debate is  the most productive way to spend our time in the Senate, but just so we  are all talking on the same song sheet: $400 a week, add $600, is  $1,000 a week. Divided by a 40-hour week, that is $25 an hour.   I don't know how you explain that to people who are making 15, 16  bucks an hour in Delaware, that you are now going to pay them $25 if  they become unemployed.   The Senator from Illinois said this is the program only for people  who are involuntarily separated. If that is the way the program worked,  it would be great, but anybody who has ever spent any time with  unemployment insurance programs in your States knows that is not how it  works.   How it actually works is, once you create a disincentive to work,  employers regularly work with employees to say: I kind of would like to  drive you off the system, and I think you should recognize this would  be better for you, too, if you can casualize it. That is actually what  happens.   I will yield the floor back to the Senator.    Mr. President, I just listened to the speech by the  Senator from Vermont. There is obviously a lot we don't agree on in  life and policy, politics, and economics. He caricatured the entire  purpose of this amendment tonight. The purpose of this amendment is to  affirm work.   Under his vision, I don't know exactly where he thinks the workers  who stock shelves and drive trucks right now would come from because he  made an argument about government subsidies that would be, on a  permanent basis, higher than the wages of all those jobs. I don't  understand how his economic system would ever actually work.   But I would like to praise him here. Two things: One, he said  something that politicians usually don't say. Usually when people say  they will vote for something, they say the bill is salvific and utopian  and going to do everything right, and if they are going to vote against  something, they say it is the worst thing that has ever been written.  Senator Sanders just said that this bill has a lot in it. It is big. It  is clunky. We are in the middle of a national emergency. There is some  good in it; there is some bad in it; and he is going to vote for it.   I also believe this bill is big and clunky and stinky. There is a lot  that is broken in it. There is some that is good and necessary and  important. There is a lot that is bad and poorly thought out and not  going to be implemented very effectively. On that, I am also inclined  to vote for it. So I appreciate his candor in his admitting that this  is kind of a big ``crap sandwich.''    In addition, I praise the Senator from Vermont for his candor in  saying something that I totally oppose, but I appreciate his integrity  and honesty in admitting it. He said, I believe--correct me if I am  wrong, sir--he wishes the $1,200 emergency payment would be made  monthly and permanently; is that right?    OK. That is a helpful clarification.   The Senator was saying a lot of different things, and I thought he  was arguing for a UPI of 14 grand. I just wanted to clarify that point.   The Senator believes a lot of things very differently than I do, but  I appreciate the fact that he argues forcefully for his positions. I  think this body would benefit from having more people who spoke as  bluntly and directly as the Senator from Vermont. I hope his positions  will be voted down again and again and again and again, but I  appreciate the way in which he argues for his positions.   I thank the Presiding Officer.    Madam President, I call up amendment No. 1577 and ask  unanimous consent that it be reported by number.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   