 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to receive permission  to complete my remarks before any vote is conducted.    Mr. President, I came to the floor several days ago in  connection with the expiring national security provisions. We have  three provisions of our national security system of laws that are set  to expire and have been set to expire for a long time. In fact, they  expired yesterday, the 15th of March.   We have known that this was going to happen for a long time. When the  USA FREEDOM Act was passed in 2015--a bill that I authored, along with  my distinguished friend and colleague Senator Leahy from Vermont--we  knew those three provisions known as lone wolf, 215, and roving wire  taps would expire at the end of 2019.   We got to the end of 2019, and we found ourselves up against a  spending cliff, and the Senate decided, with the concurrence of the  House of Representatives and the President, that we should postpone  until March 15 the expiration of those three provisions that I just  mentioned.   I came to the floor on Thursday to raise concerns that we needed to  be able to amend and reform these provisions of the Foreign  Intelligence Surveillance Act, or FISA, for a number of reasons. Among  other reasons, I noted that the President of the United States found  that his own rights as an American citizen were abused, as this law was  manipulated, was abused in an unholy alliance of partisan political  interests against him.   For that reason, the President of the United States has, quite  thankfully, made this point clear to the American people. Even though  the abuses that we know of that occurred with respect to the President  of the United States were not themselves one of these expiring  provisions, we note the law itself as a whole is subject to abuse and  that at moments like these, when these provisions are expiring, it is  appropriate for us to take a broader look at the overall legal  framework in which FISA operates and to bring about reforms.   I came to the floor on Thursday, and I asked that we simply  reauthorize these three expiring provisions for a period of a few  weeks--that we reauthorize them cleanly and without any modification to  give us a few weeks to deal with the immediate crisis surrounding the  coronavirus. I asked that, at the end of that period, we proceed with  the understanding that the Senate be allowed to vote on a small handful  of amendments--proposed reforms--to FISA.   This, unfortunately, drew an objection, resulting in the expiration  of these three provisions over the weekend. This was unnecessary. As I  pointed out at the time, I and my bipartisan group of colleagues, who  have been concerned about these and other foreign intelligence  surveillance provisions, didn't necessarily want it to expire. In fact,  we believed that this was an unnecessary step. It was unnecessary to  allow the law to go through the uncertainty of an expiration without  having something to put in its place.   We could have and would have and should have done it differently.  Fortunately, we were able to reach a deal--a deal that is still  unfolding but a deal that is about to be announced on the Senate floor,  whereby we will be extending for a few weeks these three expiring  provisions, and, at the end of that time, we will be able to vote on a  small handful of provisions, amendments to the Foreign Intelligence  Surveillance Act framework.   This is necessary. We ought not wait until the President of the  United States himself becomes a victim of this. When he has been a  victim, we should assume that there are other victims--people whose  rights have been invaded, violated as the law has been abused. We know  that to be the case.   For that reason, we have negotiated this agreement, whereby we will  be able to receive votes on amendments to improve and reform the  Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act.   I want to thank President Trump for bringing this issue to the  attention of the American people and for reminding them of the  importance of reforming this law. I want to thank the lead cosponsor of  the legislation that I have filed in connection with this and of the  amendments that we will be considering.   Pat Leahy from Vermont and I have worked on FISA-related issues for  basically the entirety of the 9 years I have spent in the U.S. Senate.  I am grateful to him for working with me on this.   I also want to point out that it shouldn't have to come to this. We  [[Page S1753]]  shouldn't have to wait until the moment when we are on the eve of the  expiration of some important legislation and where we have to wait for  the President of the United States to weigh in and lean in and exercise  as much leadership as he has to tell us that we ought to reconsider  laws that we ourselves have enacted. From time to time, laws require  revision, review, and reform. That always, necessarily, requires  amendments, and we ought to be ready, able, and willing to vote on  amendments as necessary.   Finally, this has become all too symptomatic of a Senate in which  amendment votes, while once the norm, have now become the exception.  This is unacceptable. It is not a partisan issue. It is neither  Republican nor Democratic. It is neither liberal nor conservative. It  is simply an American issue. The American people, including each of our  constituents from each of the 50 States that we represent, deserve and  expect for us to be more than a rubberstamp.   We can't justify our pattern of waiting for legislation to come over  from the House of Representatives and then accepting the highly flawed  proposition that the House must have gotten it right and we, therefore,  must accept as a binary choice the entirety of what they have done,  without considering or voting on amendments. This isn't acceptable. We  can do better. I am encouraged that in this instance we have chosen to  do better. I hope and expect and will continue to demand that we vote  on more amendments and that this become the norm once again rather than  the exception.   Finally, I am grateful that Senate leadership--Republican and  Democratic alike--has chosen to allow us to consider amendments here.  We are doing the right thing, and I look forward to more of precisely  this kind of activity, not just voting on amendments pivotal to FISA  but also broader issues. This isn't just about FISA. This is about  everything we do. The minute any of us ever hears an argument  suggesting that we have to accept whatever a handful of Senators or a  committee or the other House of Congress has proposed and we ought to  accept it or deny it--lock, stock, and barrel--without amendments, that  is almost always an injurious and a dangerous argument, one that runs  contrary to the very purpose for which this body exists.   I am grateful for this opportunity we will have to vote on these  amendments.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   