 The PATRIOT Act was begotten of the most unpatriotic of  ideas--that liberty can be exchanged for security. The history of the  PATRIOT Act shows that the exchange is a poor one.   As our liberty wanes and wastes away, we find that the promises of  security were an illusion. The history of the PATRIOT Act is really a  history of how power corrupts and how bias and malfeasance grow when  power is unchecked.   The PATRIOT Act allowed a secret court, FISA, to grant generalized  warrants to collect personal data from millions of Americans. The spies  who run these surveillance programs then lied--for years and years--to  us.   One of the most notorious of these liars was James Clapper. When  cross-examined under oath by Senator Wyden, James Clapper denied that  the government was collecting data on millions of Americans.   A month later, the whistleblower, Edward Snowden, revealed that  Clapper had lied. Snowden revealed that Clapper and others were using  the PATRIOT Act to spy on virtually every American. Snowden revealed  that the secret FISA Court was allowing a single court order to command  the collection of millions of Americans' personal phone data.   Most Members of Congress had no idea that this was going on. In fact,  one of the authors of the PATRIOT Act publicly expressed his shock that  such a massive surveillance of Americans was occurring with no  notification of Congress.   Clapper and others, though, said that is not true. They justified  their actions by saying: We have been briefing the Elite 8 Congressmen.   Who were the Elite 8, and who made them elite? The Elite 8 are the  majority and minority leaders of the House and the Senate and the  majority and minority leader of the Intelligence Committees of the  House and the Senate--eight people.   When they were quizzed about this program, most of them said they  couldn't remember ever being briefed on it.   But the real constitutional question is, have we not changed and  subverted the Constitution to make eight people more important than the  rest of us?   So this was a program where they were collecting the data on  everybody's phone calls--everybody in America--and you would think  there would have to be a debate and approval by Congress, but there  were only eight people, and those eight people seemed to be confused  that they had approved the program as well.   The idea that a single court order can allow the collection of  personal data from millions of people is antithetical to the intentions  of the Fourth Amendment.   The Fourth Amendment dictates that the government must identify an  [[Page S2438]]  individual and the items and the location to be searched. The Fourth  Amendment was intended to forbid general warrants or writs of  assistance that, historically, Monarchs had used indiscriminately to  collect vast amounts of either belongings or possessions of  individuals.   The Fourth Amendment was written to prevent that from happening.   The PATRIOT Act essentially allows for generalized warrants and the  bulk collection of personal data. The Fourth Amendment also dictates  that a search can only occur when the government proves to a judge that  there is probable cause that a crime has been committed. However, under  the PATRIOT Act they have lowered the standard.   So there is the constitutional standard--the Fourth Amendment. But,  under the PATRIOT Act, the standard now becomes if it is relevant to an  investigation. That is a much looser, broader standard, and it is not a  constitutional standard.   So the question is, Through these special, secret courts and through  the PATRIOT Act, can we allow things that the Constitution actually  prevents. What we have done is eroded protections for Americans.   So some of us have said the Constitution should still apply to  Americans. If you want to look at the data of foreigners or spy on  foreign countries or potential terrorists, by all means, do it, but  Americans should still be protected by the Constitution.   The PATRIOT Act doesn't provide this protection and allows anybody to  be investigated if the government can prove that it is relevant to an  investigation. That standard is so broad that it could mean almost  anything. It is hard to imagine something that could not be argued to  be relevant to an investigation.   To those of us who prize the rights guaranteed in the Bill of Rights,  the PATRIOT Act is a violation of our most precious rights. The PATRIOT  Act, in the end, is not patriotic. The PATRIOT Act makes an unholy and  unconstitutional exchange of liberty for a false sense of security. I,  for one, will oppose its reauthorization.   Today we are also here, though, to discuss the FISA Court that  interacts and uses some of these extra powers, these  extraconstitutional powers.   It has been revealed over the last few years that the FISA Court was  manipulated, lied to, and ultimately condoned the investigation of a  political campaign.   I believe that the authors of the FISA Court, who intended to  restrain unconstitutional searches, would be appalled at what the FISA  Court has become. They would be appalled that this secret court  intended to be used to investigate foreign spies and terrorists was  turned into a powerful and invasive force to infiltrate and disrupt the  political process.   It should not matter whether you are a Democrat or a Republican or a  Libertarian; we should all be appalled at this abuse of power.   The question is, How do we fix it? To my mind, there are two  approaches. No. 1, we could try to make the FISA Court less bad by  adding procedural hurdles to make it more like a constitutional court  or, No. 2, admit that the FISA Court cannot be made constitutional,  admit that FISA uses a less-than-constitutional standard when it allows  searches to be performed that do not meet the Fourth Amendment.   The Fourth Amendment requires probable cause that you have either  committed a crime or are committing a crime. The FISA Court only says  the government must prove or assert that there is probable cause that  you are connected to a foreign government.   As we have seen, the standards were so lax that when they went to the  Trump campaign and said that a certain person was related to a foreign  government, it turns out it was untrue. They didn't present facts to  the court that actually argued that he wasn't an agent of the foreign  government, and that person had no one to argue for him.   The deficiency of the FISA Court and why it is not constitutional is  that you don't get a lawyer. You actually don't even get told you have  been accused of a crime. The only reason we know that President Trump's  campaign got caught up in this is that he won. Because he won and now  has the power to open and put sunlight on this, we are now able to see  in.   If this had been an ordinary American caught up in this, you would  never be told, you would never get a lawyer, and you would be brought  before this investigative body and subjected to a search of vast  amounts of your private information without probable cause. That is not  constitutional, and I don't think we can make it constitutional. I  think we should admit that we can't constitutionally allow Americans to  be subjected to a search that doesn't follow the Fourth Amendment.   I believe there is no fixing the FISA Court to make it constitutional  for Americans. I believe the only solution is to exempt Americans from  the FISA Court.   If government wants to investigate a political campaign, which should  be a very rare and a very unusual circumstance, to have the government  involved in a political campaign, governments should request a Fourth  Amendment search from an article III constitutional court.   Some will say: Oh, it is hard; we will never get it. Guess what--even  constitutional warrants are mostly granted. The vast majority of them  are granted. But guess what--a judge will be a little reticent to get  involved in the political process because they know how heated it is  and how important it is to our Republic. But that is the way you should  investigate a campaign if you are going to.   Opponents of doing the tried and trusted constitutional way will  argue that it takes too long and it is too hard. But guess what--the  Constitution was meant to be an onerous standard. The Constitution was  meant to be rigorous. Our Founding Fathers understood that justice  cannot be achieved in secret courts that neither notify the accused nor  let the accused have legal representation. You can't find justice where  there is no adversarial process, where you don't get a lawyer.   I think it is high time we quit letting fear overrun our  constitutional duty. Today, I offer an amendment that restores the  Constitution for all Americans and forbids the secret FISA Court from  ever again meddling in our political process.   Mr. President, I call up my amendment No. 1586 and ask that it be  reported by number.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   