 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R.  4447, the Clean Economy Jobs and Innovation Act.   I want to thank Speaker Pelosi, Majority Leader Hoyer, Chairwoman  Johnson, Chairman Pallone, and minority leadership for working to put  this bill on the floor today.   I would like to focus on title X of this bill, which is an amended  version of my bill, H.R. 4481, the Securing Energy Critical Elements in  American Jobs Act of 2019.  [[Page H4876]]    Title X addresses energy-critical materials, which are important  components of advanced technologies, including cellphones, laptops, jet  engines, gas and wind turbines, solar panels, and state-of-the-art  batteries.   Our Nation relies on imports for at least 80 percent of its domestic  needs for 21 of 35 of these critical materials. Some of these materials  are difficult to mine cost effectively, and China controls 80 percent  of the supply. Ensuring a reliable, responsible, and stable supply of  critical materials is vital to our national, energy, and economic  security.   Previously, the Department of Energy established a limited-term  Critical Materials Institute to help ensure a reliable supply of  energy-critical materials. Unfortunately, CMI has never been  specifically authorized. The language I offered in title X would  properly authorize and codify CMI.   Additionally, the DOE would be required to utilize the expertise of  Federal agencies, the private sector, and our national laboratories.  Two of these laboratories, Lawrence Livermore and Sandia, are both in  my congressional district.   I would also like to thank my colleagues for including this language  in the package, and Adam Rosenberg on the committee staff for his work  on this topic and Adeola Adesina on my staff for the long work on this  topic, which has been for over 6 years in our office.    Tomorrow, I will launch the Critical Materials Caucus with my friend  from Pennsylvania, Republican Guy Reschenthaler, to continue work on  this issue.   I urge all Members to support H.R. 4447.   