 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arizona for  highlighting a number of different issues, starting, of course, with  spending and talking about the future that we are going to deal with  from a fiscal standpoint in our country, particularly the extent to  which Medicare and our entitlement situation is going to drive that,  but, importantly, getting to the point of disruption, technology, and  the ways that we can totally transform healthcare in a way that will  both fix our fiscal situation as well as provide the best healthcare in  the world.   As the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Schweikert) knows, I am a cancer  survivor. I am a father, as well, of a 10-year-old and an 8-year-old.    Madam Speaker, I do, and I try to talk about it. There are  others of us in this body who have gone through that sort of thing.   This is what is so critically important, what we are talking about:  We have the ability at our fingertips to transform our healthcare  system and to save our country from the depths of $23 trillion, $24  trillion, $30 trillion, $40 trillion of debt. This is where we are  headed if we don't go down this road.   I know there is a bipartisan thirst for this, but we have to stop  having our leadership in two corners, with shirts and skins squabbling  instead of focusing on these kinds of roll-your-sleeves-up solutions.   The question I would ask my friend from Arizona is, what does he see  as the obstacles to what we are talking about here, in terms of the  current situation with insurance oligopolies and the government  bureaucracies that get in the way of innovation, technology, and direct  primary care and going to the doctors of your choice, and being able to  get that kind of innovation?    Madam Speaker, I would ask the gentleman, does he agree with  me that when we are talking about this kind of disruption, that this is  not a partisan problem, that this is a problem of this body not sitting  down and rolling up its sleeves to try to address using innovation and  finding how to break through and not getting into the trap of this town  where the power brokers make all the decisions and the lobbyists are  driving a lot of what we are doing so powerful insurance companies or  powerful government entities are making decisions for you instead of  you and your doctor, and technology and innovation?    Madam Speaker, by that, government and private sector  bureaucracies, and State and Federal.    Madam Speaker, I would just like to thank the gentleman. I  appreciate his time and his dedication to this. Let's do this again.    Madam Speaker, I point out that, in Article I, Section 2,  Clause 5, it says: ``The House of Representatives shall choose their  Speaker and other officers; and shall have the sole power of  impeachment.''   I would note, also, that in Section 3, when we talk about the Senate:  ``Judgment in cases of impeachment shall not extend further than to  removal from office,'' et cetera.   Clause 6: ``The Senate shall have the sole power to try all  impeachments.''   This is what the Constitution says. This is not unclear. The United  States Senate has the power to try impeachments, yet the Speaker of  this body has tried to impose her will on the United States Senate.   If the Speaker is so interested in what is going on in the Senate,  maybe the Speaker should run for the Senate.   But what we have today is a body, the House, that acted; and the  leader of this body, the Speaker, is refusing to do her duty to  transmit the articles to the Senate and has done so despite a lot of  rhetoric over the course of the year about the urgency of running  impeachment through this body, which now, I think, the vast majority of  the American people have seen it for what it was: a political action, a  political stunt, to target the President of the United States, to  demean the office of the President of the United States, to target him  very specifically for political purposes rather than the solemn duty  that impeachment is supposed to be reserved for.   So we should now be getting this to the Senate so that the President  can have his day to defend himself, his day in court, as it were. He  should have his day in the United States Senate. He should be able to  defend himself and have lawyers defend against what is being charged  against him from this wrongful impeachment out of this House.   So I am hopeful that we will finally get that movement this week and  that the President will have the time due him in the United States  Senate and that the United States Senate can get through this in an  expedited way so that we can get back to the business the American  people sent us here for: dealing with debt, dealing with spending,  dealing with open borders, and dealing with men and women in uniform  and what they need.   I appreciate the gentleman from Arizona for arranging this.   