 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   I rise today to offer an amendment to provide $3 million for the  Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and  Sustainment in order to continue the JASON scientific advisory group's  major contributions to informing national security decisions.   This funding will be the 61st year of JASON's activity. This funding  is consistent with congressional intent and direction in the fiscal  year 2020 appropriations bill to establish the JASON within the office  of the Department of Defense.   My amendment simply aligns funding for JASON and fiscal year 2021,  following efforts by the former Under Secretary of Defense for Research  and Engineering, Dr. Michael Griffin's attempt last year to abruptly  cancel the longstanding JASON group contract. While the Defense  Authorization Act for fiscal year 2020 moved the JASON contract to the  Office of the Under Secretary for Acquisition and Sustainment, the  funding, unfortunately, did not follow.   So I am deeply grateful, Madam Chair of the Appropriations Committee,  for allowing this very important amendment to be included in the  package.    Mr. Speaker, once again, I thank the great chair of the  Appropriations Committee for including three words that Nashville,  Tennessee, desperately needs in the pending legislation in order to  better manage our Cumberland River. These three words are ``flood risk  management.''   A decade ago, Nashville suffered a devastating flood, costing more  than two dozen lives and billions of dollars in damages. To mitigate  the chance of future flooding, we need to allow the two Army Corps of  Engineers-operated dams that are directly upstream from Nashville,  namely Old Hickory and Cordell Hull, to be used for flood risk  management.   Contrary to common sense, these dams today may not be used for flood  control, even in emergencies, unless they have previously been  congressionally authorized to do so. The congressional authorization  for Old Hickory and Cordell Hull Dams was made way back in 1946, and  believe it or not, it still governs, regardless of the massive growth  of Nashville and numerous subsequent floods.   The archaic authority that the Corps has been operating under only  allows Old Hickory and Cordell Hull to be used for navigation,  recreation, and hydropower, but not for flood risk management. The  Corps needs this flexibility to protect everyone downstream, as well as  to prevent possible overtopping of their dams.   I have buy-in from my District Corps to make this happen, and I hope  the National Corps of Army Engineers listens.   Mr. Speaker, I thank, again, Chairwoman Lowey and the entire  Appropriations Committee for including this in the en bloc.   