 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the Senate is here, open for business.  The janitors and food service workers, police officers, and all the  staff who operate the floor are here. They are all here. Capitol Police  are doing their usual excellent job.   The Republican leader called us back despite the obvious health  risks, but we are ready to do the business our country demands. So  there is a question that looms: Why isn't the Senate focused on  responding to the COVID-19 pandemic? There hasn't been a single vote  here on the Senate floor related to coronavirus--not even a nominee  related to coronavirus.   Rather than focusing on COVID-19 with laser-like intensity, the  Senate Judiciary Committee today will waste precious time on the  nomination of Leader McConnell's protegee, Justin Walker, to serve on  the DC Court of Appeals, the second most powerful court in the country.   Mr. Walker is a 37-year-old Federalist Society disciple who has more  experience as a cable news commentator than he does trying cases in  court. Mr. Walker's qualifications pale in comparison to those of  previous nominees to the DC Circuit--Democrat and Republican. Nominees  by Democratic Presidents and Republican Presidents all were deeply  steeped in the law--just about every one--and here we have this?   What Leader McConnell is doing to the courts is nothing short of  disgraceful. The judges currently sitting on the second highest court  in the land had decades of experience in Supreme Court advocacy,  appellate work, criminal law, private practice, academia, and so on,  prior to their nominations. Mr. Walker has been a district court judge  for less than a year--less than a year. He had no trial experience  prior to that.   Inexperience aside, bad enough as that is, Walker's views are way out  of the mainstream. In 2018, he described Chief Justice Roberts' opinion  upholding our healthcare law as ``indefensible'' and ``catastrophic.''  Meanwhile, he praised a dissenting opinion by then-Judge Kavanaugh as a  ``roadmap for the Supreme Court'' to invalidate it.   Every Republican who votes for this nominee, Mr. Walker, will be  voting to dismantle the ACA and take millions of people's healthcare  away from them if his statements prove to be how he judges things,  which seems very likely given previous experience of other nominees  like this.  [[Page S2255]]    This week, legal briefs are due in the Supreme Court case that will  determine the future of our healthcare law. In the midst of a global  pandemic, at a time when our healthcare system has never been more  important, Senate Republicans are preparing to jam through a judge who  believes it should all be crashing down. Tens of millions of people  would lose their health insurance, and protections for Americans with  preexisting conditions would be eliminated.   Mr. Walker's nomination would be controversial in normal times, to  say the least--less experience in the court than on TV. During this  public health crisis, his nomination is nothing short of a disgrace.  The Senate should be focused on helping the country--hospitals and  doctors, nurses and healthcare workers, essential employees and small  businesses and families suffering from huge financial hardship.   There are millions of newly unemployed Americans, but the only jobs  issue the Republican majority seems to be focused on this week is the  jobs of rightwing judges who wish to dismantle healthcare at a time  when healthcare is needed more than ever. Let me say that again. There  are millions of newly unemployed Americans, but in the Senate, the  Republican majority is spending time giving jobs to rightwing judges.   Now, let's get back to what matters. Democrats are focused on helping  workers, small businesses, and American families. In times of crisis  and economic hardship, these average Americans, working people--they  take it on the chin. That is where our focus needs to be--not on legal  immunity for big corporations, not on big oil or gas companies, not on  juicing the markets. The focus should be on average folks. That is who  all of us in Congress should be focused on helping right now   