 Mr. President, in a few minutes, the majority leader  will begin a process that will permit the Senate to act for the third  time to deal with this unprecedented healthcare crisis that we are  facing. Our message to the American people is this: This is about your  paycheck. This is a collection of the best ideas that Democratic  Senators and Republican Senators have that we believe will generate  trillions in economic support that will, No. 1, keep payroll checks  coming; No. 2, relieve the financial burdens on Americans; and No. 3,  begin to contain this COVID-19 virus.   The legislation we will be voting on will contain about $1.7 trillion  in Federal spending, and it will authorize the Federal Reserve Board  and the Treasury Department to generate trillions more in liquidity and  credit support for companies of all kinds to try to keep payrolls  checks coming to workers.   In the end, the only way to end this crisis--and the only way to get  the American economy moving again--is to contain the disease. This will  require, as soon as possible, adopting a new goal. That goal should be  to test every American who needs it for COVID-19 as soon as possible,  and then isolate and care for the few who are sick and fast-track  treatments and vaccines so that Americans can go back to work and go  out to eat and resume a normal life again. This legislation will make  all COVID-19 tests free.   The government has shut down the economy to fight this disease, and  the government has to help pay the cost of the suffering that this  disease has caused, but the sooner we make more tests available and  stop telling Americans not to get a test, the better.   Just yesterday, a California company announced a 45-minute test that  could be taken in a doctor's office while also getting a flu test.  Expanding tests like this will do more to get the economy moving again  than spending trillions stabilizing businesses and supporting  employees.   Yesterday, I spoke with the chief executive officer of the company  that makes that test. This is a well-established company that makes  millions of flu tests. He said they could make 45,000 tests available  by the end of the month and 2 million tests by the end of June. More  instances of expansion of tests that you can get at the same time you  visit a doctor's office is what we need.   The legislation the Senate will be considering has three goals: one,  keep the payroll checks coming as much as possible; two, relieve  financial burdens on Americans; and, three, contain the disease.   Keeping the payroll checks coming means $300 billion for loans to  small businesses. If they use the loans to pay the wages, the loans  will be forgiven.   It authorizes the Federal Reserve Board and the Treasury Department  to create trillions more in financial credit support for States,  cities, and large businesses so they will be able to stay in business  and pay their employees.   It expands the emergency paid sick and family leave passed by the  House and then the Senate last week--to workers who were laid off and  later rehired by their employers.   The second goal is to relieve the financial burden on Americans. That  section of the bill includes checks to individuals and families: $1,200  for individuals, $2,400 for a couple, and $500 for each eligible child.   Federal income taxes don't have to be filed until July 15. Estimated  taxes can be delayed until October 15. It will make it easier to use  retirement savings without penalty.   All student loan payments will be deferred for 6 months. There are 43  million Americans with student loans. There is priority on both sides  of the aisle for more Federal funding for State unemployment insurance  programs, so States can increase benefits, waive the waiting week, and  expand eligibility to self-employed and independent contractors.   There is money for block grants for States for K-12 education, for  higher education, and for children and families, including the child  care and development block grants, which will provide immediate  assistance to childcare centers.   Finally, containing the disease is the third goal. It makes all  COVID-19 tests free. There is nearly $100 billion for the public health  and social services emergency fund. That is at least $75 billion for  hospitals and $10.5 billion for accelerating diagnostics, treatments,  and vaccines.  [[Page S1896]]    We are probably a few months away from a treatment for COVID-19. This  would accelerate the efforts that are being made now to determine if  these treatments work and if they are safe. We are even further away  from a vaccine, but if there is any way to accelerate that vaccine,  this $10 billion will help to do that.   There is another $1.7 billion for the strategic national stockpile,  which has the purpose of buying the equipment that our medical  personnel especially need; $4.5 billion for the Centers for Disease  Control and Prevention for State and local preparedness and response  grants and to improve public health; $80 million for the Food and Drug  Administration, again, for diagnostics, treatments, and vaccines; $1.32  billion for community health centers. There are 1,400 centers with  12,000 sites. They are the hospitals for probably 28 or 30 million  Americans across this country. And there is $20 billion for veterans  healthcare.   The goal of the legislation we will be considering has these  objectives: keep the paychecks coming as much as possible, relieve  financial burdens on Americans, and, most importantly, contain the  disease.   Senator Thune mentioned that now one of our Members, Senator Paul of  Kentucky, has tested positive for the coronavirus. That reminds us of  what every family in this country is going through today and worrying  about. It also should remind us of the urgency of moving ahead.   We have been working together for several days with our counterparts  on the other side. This is a collection of ideas that will keep the  paychecks coming, relieve financial burdens, and contain the disease.  It is time to vote on it, approve it by a big margin, and send it to  the House of Representatives so we can intensify our efforts.   I yield the floor.   