 Mr. President, we have already had this debate once  today when the Democratic leader chose to offer this motion knowing  that, of course, it is not serious. What he is talking about here, just  after having rejected a very commonsense proposal, which is a 1-week  extension for the unemployment insurance--by the way, at $600, which is  exactly what the Democrats say they want. They want to keep it at $600  even though, as we know from numerous studies, that means that, for  many people--in fact, for 68 percent of the people on unemployment  insurance, based on the University of Chicago study--they are making  more on unemployment insurance than they can make at work.   I think all of us here in this Chamber want to be sure that folks are  taken care of. In fact, we just voted on legislation to provide the  ability to be able to debate this very issue and other issues. But to  say that people should be making substantially more for not working  rather than working is something I think even a lot of my Democratic  colleagues do not find acceptable.   Instead, the minority leader, once again, is offering the Heroes Act,  as he has done before. You will recall this is the House-passed  legislation that was passed, actually, a while ago during different  times. But it is $3.5 trillion. That is what the CBO says--$3.5  trillion.   That makes it, of course, the most expensive piece of legislation  ever passed by either body anytime in our history, by far. By the way,  it has a number of provisions that have nothing to do with COVID-19.   So here we are in the middle of this crisis. In many places it is  getting worse, not better. We do need to act, but we need to be sure we  are acting in an effective, targeted way and not putting things out  there--a $3.5 trillion bill including many things that have nothing to  do with COVID-19.   It has immigration policy changes there. We can debate those  separately. Immigration policy issues are very contentious and are  tough things for us to resolve in any context, but certainly we  shouldn't put it in a COVID-19 bill.   It has unprecedented mandates on the States that say to the States:  You have to do the elections the way Congress wants to do them. You  have to do mail-in ballots the way we are saying you have to do them.  You have to use the kinds of ideas that we say you have to use.   This has always been in the province of the States. Again, a lot of  my Democratic colleagues agree it should continue to be in the province  of the States to make those kinds of detailed decisions on elections.   It doubles the amount of money in the Heroes Act that goes to States  as compared to even what the National Governors Association is asking  for. Three and a half trillion dollars begins to add up when you do  things like that. You give twice as much to the States as the States  are even asking for.   Of course, one of my favorites--and I know, again, the Senator from  New York feels strongly about this from a tax policy point of view-- included in the COVID-19 bill is a very expensive change in tax policy  that actually is a huge tax break for wealthy individuals; that is,  repealing the SALT changes that were made. Over 50 percent of the  benefit of this goes to the top 1 percent. That is based on the Tax  Policy Center.  [[Page S4620]]    Based on our own Joint Committee on Taxation, which is a nonpartisan  group here in Congress, what they are trying to get through in their  legislation, the Heroes Act--40 percent of that benefit or more,  according to the Joint Committee on Taxation, goes to those with income  over $1 million. What is that doing in the COVID-19 bill?   The Democratic leader talked about the need for more money for  testing. I couldn't agree with him more. By the way, the proposal that  was presented by Senator McConnell earlier this week has a lot more  money for testing. It also has more money for antiviral medications,  for vaccines, and for ensuring that workplaces can be safe. It has the  same amount of money--maybe even a little bit more; the Senator from  Tennessee can tell us--for our schools, to be able to reopen our  schools safely.   There is a lot of common ground here. I think we can find it. I  really do. I know that today has not been an example of that. We are  even rejecting here--a moment ago--a 7-day simple extension of 600  bucks per week.   But when I look at it, I see the school money as being identical, and  I see the tax provisions that we have to help encourage people to go  back to work and encourage companies and nonprofits to put measures in  place to make the workplace safe, like plexiglass shields or more hand  sanitizers or PPE. These are all things we can agree on.   Even on the issue of unemployment insurance--and I have talked to  many of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle about this--I think  there is a way we can get there. I think Democrats realize that $600  per week does create this disincentive because it is, on average, 134  percent of what people were making in the private sector. We can come  up with a way to deal with that. One is a return-to-work bonus, which  is an idea that has a lot of bipartisan appeal.   Let's put aside these games. Let's put aside these extreme positions.  Let's figure out how we can come together. This evening was not a good  example of that, having rejected the 7-day extension of $600 per week  of unemployment insurance, but I think now we have this opportunity,  with the legislation that was passed earlier today, to begin to have  that debate. We can have the debate on unemployment insurance. We can  have it on a whole range of issues--how we deal with schools, how we  deal with the healthcare crisis we have, the underlying crisis. We can  deal with all these issues in a way that enables us to find common  ground, to create real solutions for the people we represent as we face  this unprecedented pandemic.   With that, I object.    No   