 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the rule and the  underlying bill.   The underlying bill contains a wish list of provisions from far-left  environmentalists that prevent job creation and energy development in  rural communities.   One in particular is the proposed buffer zone around the Chaco Canyon  national park. This provision is an assault on the private property  rights of hundreds of Navajo allottees who own oil and gas rights in  the area surrounding the park.   This buffer expansion in this bill would make these assets worthless,  taking away valuable royalty payments from these impoverished  communities. To put this in perspective, in 2015 alone, the Federal  Indian Minerals Office distributed $96 million to 20,835 allottees  around the country.   Instead of listening to all voices, the proponents of this provision  have only listened to environmental groups who claim to represent all  the relevant stakeholders on this matter but clearly do not. Allottees  in the Chaco region have consistently expressed opposition to this  proposed withdrawal.   Any uncertainty amongst the oil and gas industry when it comes to the  ability to extract oil and gas from this region has negative  consequences for them and the local economy.   In my role as the ranking member of the Natural Resources  Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, I sent two of my staff to  meet with Navajo allottees in New Mexico. The response from these  allottees was overwhelming, as hundreds and hundreds of people showed  up to express their opposition to a proposed buffer zone around Chaco  Canyon national park.    The facts are, Mr. Speaker, there are already laws on the books to  protect Chaco national park and the pristine artifacts that may lay  outside of its borders. The oil and gas industry has both a legal and  moral obligation to protect the artifacts of the Chaco people, as well  as avoiding impacts on newly discovered artifacts, which has always  been done.   This provision is clearly unnecessary, and I would urge that it be  removed in conference if this bill is passed by the House.   It would also be remiss of me not to mention the equally egregious  provision in the legislation that prevents copper, nickel, and iron  mining in northern Minnesota. Copper, nickel, and iron mining is the  historic lifeblood of the economy in northern Minnesota and has the  potential to create thousands of good-paying jobs that can be done in  an environmentally safe way.    Mr. Speaker, we, as Congress, need to wake up and stop  talking out of both sides of our mouth. In fact, we cannot continue to  rely on foreign adversaries to take care of our mineral needs. We can  take care of our own needs with our own domestic resources in the most  environmentally safe way. We do it better than anyone in the world, and  yes, we do it without slave child labor like they do in the Congo with  cobalt as China does.   Mr. Speaker, I, once again, urge my colleagues to oppose the previous  question, the rule, and the underlying bill.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms.  Granger) for yielding and for all her hard work on the committee.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this en bloc package. I  particularly want to highlight my two amendments, both of which protect  integral Trump administration executive orders.   The first protects Executive Order 13807, which pertains to  streamlining environmental review and permitting processes for  infrastructure projects. This executive order was the basis for new  NEPA regulations that the Trump administration announced just last  week.   Mr. Speaker, we need to get back to building things in this country.  It seems every week is like groundhog week, it is infrastructure week,  but if we are serious about addressing the problems with our aging  infrastructure, we must get serious about modernizing outdated  processes that unnecessarily slow down infrastructure projects.   Whether it is offshore wind, building electrical transition lines, or  building solar energy projects on public lands, outdated regulations  cause countless delays and cancellations of these important projects,  costing jobs and economic opportunity for our constituents.   My second amendment protects Executive Order 13817, which directs the  Federal Government to develop a strategy to ensure a secure and  reliable supply of critical minerals.   The facts are, Mr. Speaker, that we are completely reliant on China  for 20 critical minerals that go into producing everything from parts  for fighter jets to cellphones.    Cobalt is a great example of the dangers of becoming reliant on China  to meet these mineral needs. Sixty percent of the cobalt supply is  mined in the Congo, where abhorrent child labor practices are well  documented, and China now controls at least half of all cobalt  production in that country.   Fortunately, the proposed Twin Metals mine would serve as a rare  source of domestic cobalt, but, of course, my colleagues aim to shut  that project down as well by including language in this bill aimed at  preventing this project.   Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to wake up and face the facts. We  must harvest our own domestic resources and ingenuity before it is too  late. Our long-term economic, energy, and national security depend upon  it, even the climate change the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Lowey)  talked about.    Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to this amendment.    Madam Speaker, I rise today in opposition, very strong  opposition, to this amendment.   The amendment continues the efforts in this House to halt enforcement  of a Federal court action on this matter in order to build a massive  400,000-square-foot off-reservation gaming complex for the benefit of  Genting, a foreign Malaysian gaming company.   Since we considered this legislation last year, there have been a  number of important events, including just last month when the U.S.  Attorney's Office in Boston served a Federal grand jury subpoena to the  Mashpee Wampanoag Tribe last month for a hefty number of documents and  financial records.   Yet, here we are once again, misguidedly considering the  establishment of two separate reservations for the Mashpee Tribe of  Massachusetts.   One reservation will be the town of Mashpee, the Tribe's historic  reservation lands. No casino will be allowed within ``the geographic  boundaries of the town of Mashpee.''   The other reservation will be 50 miles away from Mashpee in the city  of Taunton. This site is not part of the Tribe's historic reservation  and was selected by the Tribe and Genting for a billion-dollar casino  project because of its proximity to the Providence, Rhode Island,  casino market, a 20-mile distance.   There is no reason for the second reservation other than to build an  off-reservation casino 50 miles away from where the Mashpee Tribe  currently resides.   In 1988, Congress enacted the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act with the  intent to restrict casinos to Tribes' original reservations in order to  protect the States and the rights of citizens of those States.   By placing land in trust for the Mashpee Tribe for gaming in Taunton,  this amendment creates an off-reservation casino, which is inconsistent  with congressional intent. This is often called reservation shopping,  and it is an abuse of the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act.   Now, the Tribe's lawyers knew that reservation shopping was a  political headache, so they went to bureaucrats within the BIA to  obtain the two reservations through administrative action. But let's be  honest, this isn't about the Mashpee Tribe. This is about Genting  Malaysia. This amendment is really about just a financial bailout for  Genting.   The Tribe is swamped with more than $500-plus million in debt to  Genting, and there is no way the Tribe can ever pay this back and still  make enough money to sustain itself. Genting, therefore, will be the  real owner of the project, not the Tribe.   This kind of arrangement, where the creditor practically controls the  financial futures of a debtor Tribe, is contrary to the Indian Gaming  Regulatory Act, which requires every Tribal casino to be 100 percent  tribally owned.   Moreover, the American Principles Project reports on the ties between  convicted lobbyist Jack Abramoff and the Mashpee Wampanoag Tribe,  stating, ``The expansive Abramoff investigation uncovered major  corruption within the Mashpee Wampanoag Tribe. Its chief, Glenn  Marshall, pled guilty in 2009 to multiple Federal charges, including  embezzling Tribal funds and campaign finance violations committed while  working with Abramoff to secure Federal recognition'' in 2007.   This disastrous project has garnered its broad share of opposition,  including President Trump, Democrats, and Republicans. The project is  also strenuously opposed by the other federally recognized Tribe in  Massachusetts.   For Members on both sides of the aisle, do you really want your name  tied to a Tribe that only received Federal recognition in 2007 as a  result of shady lobbying by Jack Abramoff? Do  [[Page H3827]]  you really want to vote for a $500 million bailout for a foreign gaming  corporation?   More importantly, while everyone is innocent until proven guilty,  prudence suggests that Congress wait until the completion of the  ongoing Federal grand jury investigation before acting on any gambling  legislation related to a foreign entity and an Indian Tribe that  appears to be the target of that investigation.   In short, this amendment attempts, once again, to force an off- reservation casino, bails out a foreign corporation from major  financial problems of its own making, undoes the judgment of a Federal  court, and contradicts a Supreme Court ruling.    Madam Speaker, I urge all Members of both sides of the aisle to vote  against this amendment.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, once again, the facts are the facts. I know  there are gut-wrenching applications. I dealt with Tribes my whole  life. But the facts are the facts. This amendment is egregious. The  facts are the facts.   Two reservational applications is incomprehensible. It violates the  very law that we actually passed.   Now, if you disagree with the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act, be my  guest, change it. But that is not what we do. We follow the law. The  law is the law.   Madam Speaker, with that, I would ask everybody to vote against this  amendment.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   