 Mr. President, I will be brief. I did what many of us  did today. We spent the day digging through a 5,600-page bill, trying  to find out what is in it. We broke it up into hundreds of pages of  chunks and separated it among our staff and just started reading  through it as quickly as we could, trying to be able to pull out the  details.   We found a lot of things that we really like. We found a few  surprises as well. So help us, we found, right in the middle of the  document on tax policy, a zombie--the wind production tax credit.  Something that we had heard had died--in fact, something that we had  heard died 2 years ago; in fact, something that we had heard died 6  years ago when all of us agreed it should die. In fact, the plan was to  take it down a little bit each and every year until it finally got to  zero. The problem was, when it got to zero, some lobbyist helped  somebody get it back in last year, and it suddenly, after going to  zero, reappeared. And then, so help me, it reappeared again.   So this temporary credit that distorts the market, that literally  changes the prices in all of our energy--whether that be oil or gas or  coal or solar or hydroelectric or nuclear--gives a special perk to one,  and all of the rest of them get furious. But for whatever reason, this  simple credit can't seem to go away.   When we agree to something, we should probably stick to it, and we  agreed years ago to phase this out. But yet this zombie keeps  reappearing and walking the halls of the Senate.   Our simple challenge is this. Let's put this zombie in the daylight.  Let's have the real argument over it and determine: Is this distorting  the energy market for everybody else, including all of our renewables?  Is it something we need to keep?   I live in Oklahoma, and if you know our song, you know ``the wind  comes sweeping down the plains.'' We have been called the Saudi Arabia  of wind power. I promise, you can't drive very far in Oklahoma without  seeing a field of windmills. We have lots of wind power, and we think  it is a great energy source. But it is a mature energy source, and it  does not need the wind production tax credit. So let's sunset it.   With that, I yield   