 Madam President, I come to the floor today to discuss  Republicans' historic record on confirming judges and why it matters to  our country. It is because the rulings of these judges affect all  Americans.   The Republican-led Senate has seated President Trump's highly  qualified judicial nominees at lightning speed. These judges respect  and uphold the rule of law. This week, the Senate marks a major  milestone by confirming the 200th--200th--Trump judicial nominee.   The appeals court nominations and confirmations are especially  critical. These are the circuit courts, and they rank right below the  Supreme Court. Their decisions have a major impact on our Nation. With  the confirmation of Cory Wilson to the Fifth Circuit, we have now  filled all 53 appeals court vacancies that existed in the United  States. There is not a single vacancy at that court level in America.   We have changed the makeup of powerful appeals courts like the  Second, the Third, the Ninth, and the Eleventh circuits. Seven of the  12 U.S. circuit courts are now at a point where they have a majority of  Republican-appointed judges.   The 200 judges we have seated represent a sea change--a generational  change in the Federal bench. I remind you that these are lifetime  appointments, so they will decide cases for decades.   Let me assure people who are tuning in today: These judges will apply  the law as written. They will not legislate from the bench. We have had  enough of that. Republicans are stemming this liberal judicial tide  that we have lived with in the past. We are delivering on our promise  to promote an independent judiciary.   This concept is key to upholding our Constitution's separation of  powers and our system of checks and balances. Simply put, it is the  glue holding our democracy together.   The Constitution limits the power of the judiciary. Only Congress  makes law, not the courts. That is not the way some courts like to  operate. The courts interpret the law as a separate, coequal, and  independent branch of government. That is what the Constitution tells  us. And the judges' job is to follow the law, period. Yet, for decades,  Democrats have hijacked the courts. They have sought to make their  preferred policies through something known as judicial activism.   Activist judges have used the bench to make liberal laws or interpret  laws in a very liberal way. Rather than decide cases impartially,  liberal judges have a habit of favoring the left. The result has been a  slew of radical reforms. These include promoting onerous overregulation  that hurt farmers and blocking the President's efforts to secure the  border.   Republicans are replacing these liberal activist judges with Trump- appointed constitutional conservatives. These judges are ruling right  now all across the Nation. If you ask ``How are they making a  difference?'' they are doing it by protecting our constitutional  rights, by safeguarding our individual freedoms, and by checking  unbridled government power.   These judges are blocking Federal overreach. They are preventing  Washington bureaucrats from inventing endless rules. They are upholding  pro-life precedent and recognizing the right to school choice. They are  defending the Second Amendment, securing the border, and protecting our  First Amendment rights, including free speech and religious liberty.   Above all, Republican-appointed judges are applying the law as  written; they are not making law from the bench. This has Democrats  worried. You have seen it. You heard the comments on the floor and  around the Nation. Democrats are worried they are losing control of the  courts.   Senator Schumer, the minority leader, is so worried, in fact, that he  even threatened harm to Supreme Court Justices who don't rule his way.  He recently stood outside the Supreme Court, and he yelled at the court  building and the Justices inside. He mentioned Justices by name and  said: ``You have released a whirlwind, and you will pay the price!''  ``You will pay the price!'' This is how the left tends to operate:  intimidation. Do what we say, give us control, and then the  intimidation will stop.   They are threatening the independence of the judiciary in other ways  as well. Democrats have announced their plans to pack the Supreme  Court. They have announced they will pack the Court with Justices  friendlier to their causes.   The standard we all know for the Supreme Court is nine Justices. In  fact, it has been nine Justices since 1869--for over 150 years. Yet  they want to change this longstanding precedent by actually increasing  the number of Supreme Court Justices, taking it from 9 to 11. Some are  proposing going to 13 if a Democrat is elected President and they have  control of the Senate.   Let us be clear: Court-packing amounts to deck-stacking by the far  left.   Democrats want to regain power, tip the scales of justice, and  deliver their leftwing agenda any way they can. If Democrats win the  election, as they have threatened, they will pack and stack the Court  with impunity.   The stakes in this upcoming election could not be higher. The next  President will appoint maybe more than 60 circuit court judges and  possibly another Supreme Court Justice.   This is about ensuring justice. It is about ensuring fairness. It is  about ensuring freedom for all Americans. Republicans, through today  confirming our 200th judge to the courts, are stemming this liberal  judicial tide. We have delivered generational change on the bench. We  must continue confirming well-qualified judges who will secure our  freedoms and our future.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   