 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to encourage all  Americans to join the fight to support our Nation and our jobs and  stand up against the growing threat of Communist China.   I have been saying it for months: Buying American products is the No.  1 thing we can do to support American jobs and stand up to our foreign  adversaries.   There is a new Cold War occurring between the United States and  Communist China, and we must be crystal clear about the negative  impacts of continuing to buy Chinese-made products.   General Secretary Xi is a dictator and human rights violator. He is  yet another Communist leader trying to be the dominant world power.   The Communist Party of China is stripping the people of Hong Kong of  their freedoms--as the Presiding Officer experienced when he was over  there--cracking down on dissidents, militarizing the South China Sea,  supporting Maduro's genocide in Venezuela, surveilling its citizens,  and imprisoning more than 1 million Uighurs in internment camps simply  because of their religion.   Communist China is stealing American jobs and technology and spying  on our citizens.   Is this the kind of nation we want to be sending our money to?   Absolutely not.   Washington politicians have been too concerned with short-term  political success and have long ignored the long-term threats of  Communist China to our way of life but not anymore. It is time to take  action.   Now, more than ever, Americans must remember that every time we buy a  product made in China, we are putting another dollar into the pocket of  the people stealing our jobs and our technology, denying their people  basic human rights and propping up dangerous dictators like Maduro in  Venezuela.   We cannot continue to rely on countries like Communist China, which  lied about the coronavirus and refused to be a partner in solving this  crisis, for critical supplies.   This outbreak has shown why we need to end our reliance on foreign  supply chains. As a nation, we need to finally take a stand and demand  that Communist China is removed from our supply chain.   I am proud to lead my colleagues in a bipartisan resolution calling  on Americans to buy products made in the United States whenever  possible.   Buying American is not partisan, and I am glad my colleagues from  both sides of the aisle are continuing to  [[Page S7899]]  come together to encourage Americans to take a stand.   I know it is not always easy, but it is an important step we can all  take at home to support American jobs, American producers, and American  manufacturers, while helping build up the U.S. supply chain.   In my State, we take immense pride in products made in Florida. It is  a driving force that led to our incredible economic turnaround.   A return to this pride in homegrown businesses and products ensures  that America remains strong as the undisputed leader of the global  economy.   We all must do our part to support our Nation and make it clear to  Communist China that the United States won't stand for their behavior.   I am committed to supporting American businesses over Chinese  products. I am urging my colleagues to join me in this effort and pass  this resolution today.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on  Commerce, Science, and Transportation be discharged from further  consideration and the Senate now proceed to S. Res. 625.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Scott amendment at the desk to the resolution be agreed to.    Mr. President, I know of no further debate on  the resolution, as amended.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Scott amendment to the preamble be agreed to, the preamble, as amended,  be agreed to, that the Scott amendment to the title be agreed to, and  that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table with no intervening action or debate.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   