 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, my friend, the ranking  Republican Member of the Energy and Commerce Committee, for yielding.   I rise in support of my legislation, H.R. 360, the Cyber Sense Act.   This legislation is one of two bipartisan bills that my friend from  California, Congressman McNerney, and I have worked on over the past  two Congresses to improve the resiliency of our Nation's electric grid  against cyberattacks. The second, H.R. 359, will be considered  following this debate, and I urge my colleagues to also support it.   Mr. Speaker, over the last quarter century, we have seen incredible  changes in the way we communicate with the rest of the world and the  way we engage in commerce. Along with these changes, we have also seen  innovations in technologies that power society, resulting in a more  efficient and streamlined electric grid.   Our country's grid has maintained a high level of reliability as our  society has undertaken these changes, which is a fact that should not  be taken for granted.   Unfortunately, the promise of a more interconnected society also  means we must also address the challenges and vulnerabilities that  arise with it. Every day, malignant actors, ranging from individuals,  hackers, and foreign states, are attempting to exploit vulnerabilities  in our electric grid to cause chaos or for other nefarious purposes.   To improve and protect our Nation's grid, I introduced the Cyber  Sense Act, which would create a voluntary Cyber Sense program within  the United States Department of Energy to identify and promote cyber- secure products for use in the bulk-power system. It would also  establish a testing process for the products along with a reporting  process of cybersecurity vulnerability.   This legislation was unanimously reported out of the Energy and  Commerce Committee last year and is supported by the Department of  Energy, and industry.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the full committee Chairman Pallone,  Subcommittee Chairman Rush; the full committee Republican Ranking  Member Walden, and also subcommittee Ranking Member Upton; and both the  majority and minority E&C staff for helping us get these bills where  they are today.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the Cyber Sense Act as  well as H.R. 359.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman so much. I appreciate  my friend for yielding.   John, we are going to miss you.   You probably don't remember this, because you talk to a lot of folks,  but even before I got here, one of the first persons I talked with was  you in your office. I can still remember. One of the things I was  talking about was, How do I get on E&C? I hadn't even gotten elected  yet. But you were very gracious to talk with me that afternoon, and I  will never forget it.    One of the things I know about you is this: you have got your  priorities right in life, and it is the way you build things. It is  your God, your family, and your country. You always, always show that  to the rest of us. It was something you believed in.   Again, we all have such great respect for you.   Also, serving on committee with you and when you were chairing the  Environment and Climate Change Subcommittee, one of the things you were  passionate about is making sure things got done.   And TSCA, when we were talking about getting things done, no one  thought it was going to get done. You got it done.   The other thing you were working on that we have still got to get  done is when we talk about Yucca Mountain. I will never forget when you  took a group of us out there to Yucca. Again, it is something that you  believed in, but it is something that we have to do. So that is your  legacy.   For all your years of service now here in the House, but also to your  country in the Army, I think it really comes back to something my dad  taught me. Dad was in public service for 36 years. He said: ``Always  remember, there are two types of people that get into this: those who  want to be a politician and those who want to be a public servant.''  And this is how he defined it: A politician sees how much they can take  from the people they represent for their own benefit, while public  servants see how much they can give back to the people they represent.   So all I can say is we are going to miss you. You have been a great  leader on committee, you have been a great leader in this House.   I wish all the best to you and your family, because I know we talked  through the years about how our families are doing, but I can't thank  you enough for your service to this country and to this House.   