 Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am here on the Senate floor to talk,  once again, about the addiction crisis in our country. Over the past 4  years, I am told I have given over 64 speeches on this topic, and that  is because it is a crisis, and a national one, and we have done a lot  here in this Senate and also in the House of Representatives to deal  with the issue.   We passed some important legislation. We are making some progress,  but, gosh, prescription opioids, heroin, fentanyl, methamphetamine, and  cocaine continue to harm so many people in our communities and so many  of the families we represent. We put new policies in place to help deal  with it--better prevention, better treatment, and better recovery  efforts.   Among other things, we passed legislation like the SUPPORT Act, the  Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, the 21st Century Cures Act,  and the STOP Act. Through these new laws, we have also provided over $4  billion in additional Federal resources just over the last 3 years to  be able to combat this epidemic--particularly, the opioid epidemic.   In Ohio alone, our State received nearly $140 million through the  CARA and Cures legislation. It has gone toward innovative, evidence- based programs to try to figure out how we intervene at the appropriate  time to keep people who are addicted from overdosing and, instead, to  get them into treatment and into longer term recovery in a successful  way.   I have gone to visit many of these programs across our State, and I  can tell you many of them are working, and they are working because  local volunteers, local communities, and the State are also involved.  So that is the positive thing. I was very pleased that the year-end  spending bill passed with a record $658 million, as an example, in  funding for these CARA grants that again go to these innovative ideas  back home.   Let me give you an example of one. In many of our communities now, we  have the ability, after somebody has overdosed, not to simply have them  go back home and go to the same neighborhood and get addicted, and  continue to be addicted and overdose again and again and again, but,  rather, to intervene and to go there with law enforcement, with  treatment providers, with first responders, and get them into  treatment.   It is working. In a program I was recently at in Columbus, OH, the  RREACT Team, 80 percent of the people whom they go to visit end up  getting into treatment. And the evidence is, not only are they getting  into treatment, but because there is the ability to monitor that, they  are also going into longer term recovery programs. It is helping to  save lives, but for the first responders, it is also a great relief  because no one is more frustrated than they are. Think about it. You  help somebody through an overdose by applying Narcan--that miracle drug  that reverses the effects of the overdose--and the next day they are  right back again. This is the right thing to do, and, again, we have  made progress in that.    The good news is, it looks like it is starting to pay off. After  many, many years of increases in overdose deaths every single year,  finally, we are making progress. In States like mine, overdose deaths  had climbed to the No. 1 cause of death in our State; in other words,  surpassing car accidents or anything else. There were more people dying  of drug overdose deaths than anything else.   Nationwide, we had some great success between 2017 and 2018. We now  have those numbers in. In 2017, we had about 70,700 people who died of  overdoses. In 2018, it went down to about 67,700. That is a decrease of  4 percent. Now, that is nothing to write home about, 4 percent. On the  other hand, this is after three decades of increased overdose deaths  every year and in some years substantial increases. So just to have  that 4-percent decrease--and we are waiting for the 2019 figures to  become available--was a big deal.   In Ohio, we are one of the States that has been hardest hit. In 2018,  our number was a 22.4-percent reduction. We were one of the States that  led the country in this, and I am proud of that. That means a lot of  lives saved. Still, though, the overdose rate is way too high--way too  high.   On the positive side, I think we are also seeing more accountability  for the opioid crisis, in particular. As courts around the country hear  cases of those affected by prescription opioids, like OxyContin, these  drug companies are being held accountable by individual States, by some  local governments, and by the Federal Government. Every day we learn  more about what they did and how wrong it was.   The sheer number of pain pills that drug companies pumped into the  United States is astounding, with more than 100 billion pain pills  between 2006 and 2014. So during that one period of time, 8 years,  there were 100 billion pain pills.   We have one county in Southern Ohio, Scioto County, where we had 48  million opioid pain pills distributed by manufacturers during those 8  years. By the way, that is 617 pills for every man, woman, and child in  that one county in Southern Ohio. We were flooded with pain pills that  were addictive, and we have to be sure that that kind of a crisis  doesn't start again.   As I travel around the State of Ohio, I hear stories all the time of  people who had an accident or had an injury, and they took pain  medication prescribed by a doctor. That led to physical addiction.  Something in their brain changed. They became addicted. They couldn't  get the prescription drugs because they are too expensive or not  accessible enough, so they turned to heroin. In many cases, the tragedy  that occurred was not just an overdose but sometimes an overdose and a  life lost. I hear this all the time.   Just this morning at my weekly Buckeye Coffee, where we have  constituents come in once a week and meet with Ohioans, I met an  impressive young man from northeast Ohio. He told me about his brother,  Dylan. He reminded me that I had met his mom. I already knew about  Dylan because his mom had told me, but Dylan struggled with pain pill  addiction before tragically dying of an opioid overdose. It is a  pattern that we have seen too often in our communities, and it needs to  stop.   We are making some progress there, I think partly because of the  lawsuits, partly because we increased awareness, partly because of the  Federal legislation we discussed that has helped on this, and partly  because doctors and others are beginning to get the message.   We have cracked down on pill mills as well. I mentioned Portsmouth,  OH, and Scioto County, OH, where there were hundreds of pain pills per  person. They had pill mills. Because of all of that, the number of  prescription pain pills prescribed between 2013 and 2018 fell by more  than 80 million--about a 33-percent decrease nationwide. So pushing  back against this opioid flow that flourished for way too long here in  the United States is helping, and that is a positive sign as well.   Again, while the CDC--Centers for Disease Control--has shown an  overall decrease in drug overdose deaths for the past 18 months or so,  I want to talk tonight about some new troubling trends and the need for  us in Congress not to take our eye off the ball because sometimes  around here, you get a little progress, and you think: OK. Let's go on  to the next thing. Unfortunately, that is not the way addiction works,  and we have seen this over time.   Back in the 1990s, we thought we had solved the cocaine crisis; we  didn't. Now some think we have solved the opioid crisis; we haven't. In  addition, there are new troubling trends I want to talk about tonight.   The most worrying is, while the overall number of opioid deaths has  fallen, the number of overdose deaths related to the very deadliest of  opioids--synthetic opioids like fentanyl or carfentanil--has actually  increased. In fact, in 2018, more deaths were attributed to fentanyl  than to heroin and prescription drugs combined. So it has shifted.  Think about this. From the prescription drugs to the heroin, now to  fentanyl.   Fentanyl is 50 times more powerful than heroin. A few flakes of this  stuff can kill you. Unfortunately, it is being mixed into other drugs,  partly because it is so powerful and a few flakes can kill you.   According to the Centers for Disease Control, 40 percent of drug  overdoses in 2017 were at least partly because of  [[Page S1032]]  fentanyl use--40 percent. It is by far the largest problem. That data  also showed that overdose deaths due to fentanyl had increased by 88  percent per year since 2013. So it has been going up really since the  2013, 2014 time period.   We are seeing this mixing occur in a lot of overdose reports from  Ohio communities, where declining prescription opioid and heroin use  has opened the door now for this other form of addiction. In  particular, psychostimulants, as they are called, like crystal meth and  cocaine, are being laced with fentanyl. This is a deadly combination.  According to our State's deputy attorney general for law enforcement,  Carol O'Brien, Ohio law enforcement officials in 2018 tested double the  amount of methamphetamine samples as they had in 2017 and triple the  amount from 2016. So crystal meth is, unfortunately, making a  resurgence in our communities.   By the way, you may remember in the past couple of decades in your  community you heard about these meth houses, where people would be  cooking meth, literally, in a home or in a trailer or in the basement  and causing environmental concerns and so on. You don't hear about that  anymore. Do you know why? It is because crystal meth coming straight  from Mexico is so powerful and so cheap that people don't have to make  it at home anymore. That is a bad thing because this has expanded to  the people who have become addicted to methamphetamine because of this  powerful crystal meth.   Today I met with law enforcement officers from around the State of  Ohio. The FOP was in town, the Fraternal Order of Police. Many of my  colleagues met with them. They confirmed this troubling trend. They  told me that the crystal meth and the cocaine, because they are  psychostimulants, are much more difficult for them to deal with and  puts their lives and their safety more at risk, as well as the citizens  whom they are there to protect. Why? Because it causes a more violent  reaction.   Think about it. With heroin, with other opioids, prescription drugs,  fentanyl, people talk about the nodding effect. It calms people more.  Whereas, with heroin, with cocaine, and with the other  psychostimulants, like crystal meth, it makes people more agitated and  more violent. We have seen not just more assaults on individuals but  more violent crime overall coming out of this. So it is a shift that is  impacting our police officers and our citizens, as well, in terms of  increased violent crime.   I am really pleased to say that the legislation we passed in  December--just about a month and a half ago--responded to this issue of  the increase in meth and cocaine. It is because it included our  legislation called the Combating Meth and Cocaine Act. It is a really  important bill. Basically, what it says is, let's give local  communities the flexibility to use the opioid grant money that I talked  about earlier, that has increased over the last 3 or 4 years, also to  be used for psychostimulants. I felt very strongly about this because I  was hearing it back home: Thank you very much for your help on the  opioid crisis. By the way, we have shifted now in our community.  Opioids are not as big a deal, but we need the funding to also help us  deal with the consequences of crystal meth or cocaine.   I thank my colleagues for passing that legislation. It is going to  make a big difference, and I think we will now begin to see the ability  to address this new threat.   The U.S. attorneys for the Northern and Southern Districts of Ohio  have recently weighed in and told me what is going on in terms of this  mixing of cocaine and crystal meth with fentanyl. They say it is a  crisis. Preliminary data from Cuyahoga County, which is in Cleveland,  OH, suggested about 45 percent of the fatal overdoses in the county  last year were associated with cocaine, much of that mixed with  fentanyl. By the way, that is twice the amount of heroin overdoses over  that same time period from the previous year, which shows how, again,  the frontlines of addiction have shifted, partly in response to our  successes on the opioid front.   We are hearing similar things in the Southern District of Ohio, where  more than a third of overdose deaths are from cocaine and fentanyl,  where they just had 10 overdose deaths from the combination of fentanyl  and cocaine in the last several days.   I met with the Columbus, OH, police chief, Tom Quinlan, on Friday, in  the middle of a spike there, a spike in overdose deaths that they have  seen from this mixture. In the first 10 days of February, this month,  Columbus, OH, Franklin County, had 28 overdose deaths involving some  combination of fentanyl and cocaine--28 in 10 days.   I was actually in Columbus on Saturday, a day in which five people  died from overdoses of a mixture of fentanyl and cocaine.   Just yesterday, the Columbus police informed me that in one drug  bust, they seized over 200 grams of cocaine and nearly 2 kilograms of  fentanyl. That is enough to kill about 1 million people.   Again, we have made some progress on the opioid front, no question  about it. We have made progress in terms of the overprescribing of  prescription drugs, but, unfortunately, my colleagues, this issue is  not going away. The more flexible funding we got in at the end of the  year is important, and we will begin to see that take effect here over  the next several months--it is just being implemented now--but we have  to deal with it.   The other thing we have to deal with in terms of fentanyl is being  sure that some evil scientist doesn't slightly change the molecular  compound of fentanyl, making it an analog of fentanyl that is not  illegal. You have to schedule a drug to make it illegal. As we have  seen an uptick in these fentanyl copycats, we have seen the reality  that it is not just about fentanyl. It is also about carfentanil, and  it is also about other analogs.   As an example, we had an 819-percent increase from just a year ago in  Cleveland with carfentanil deaths in 2019. So from 2018 to 2019, there  was an 819-percent increase.   That is why the DEA--the Drug Enforcement Administration--has made  the right call in 2018 in temporarily making these fentanyl-related  substances, like carfentanil, illegal to possess, transport, or  manufacture. Thanks to that designation, our law enforcement officials  have been better able to protect our communities by seizing and  destroying this fentanyl-related substance because it is illegal.   We had a real problem in the last couple of months here in Congress  because, as of early this month--just last week--that scheduling of  those analogs expired, and we almost had a situation where these drugs  were going to become illegal. Thank goodness, at the last minute, we  stepped in, and we provided a temporary extension; otherwise, again,  last week, we would have had a real crisis.   Unfortunately, the temporary extension, like so much stuff around  here, was kind of kicking the can down the road. So in May of next  year--just a year and a few months from now--again, it is going to  expire.   I strongly urge my colleagues to join me, Senator Manchin, and others  on both sides of the aisle in passing legislation that puts these  analogs on the schedule, making them illegal permanently. It should be  permanent. The legislation is called the FIGHT Fentanyl Act. Again, it  just codifies what the DEA has done but also gives them the flexibility  to be able to schedule new things, as, again, these scientists come up  with ways to slightly alter the molecular compounds for these  incredibly dangerous and deadly drugs.   By the way, our legislation has strong bipartisan support but also  has the support of every single attorney general in every State in  America and six territories. Fifty-six of our attorneys general have  come forward and endorsed our bill, and I thank them for that.   Let's do that. Let's push back against these deadly copycats of  fentanyl and be sure that our communities are just a little bit safer.   Again, we have made a lot of progress in the fight, but as we have  seen, addiction--not a particular drug but addiction--is really the  crisis we face. As we have made progress against opioids, including an  unprecedented Federal response here--and I appreciate that very much-- we now see the playing field changing. We see these psychostimulants  like cocaine and crystal meth making a comeback. We see this mixing  with fentanyl.  [[Page S1033]]    Again, the funding bill passed last year will help as it begins to  implement these changes. We need to be sure that the FIGHT Fentanyl  legislation is passed, and we need to be sure that we continue the  funding. It is easy to say: Well, this crisis is better; let's move on.  We have to keep our eye on the ball.   So I thank my colleagues as we go through the funding process again,  but we have to keep the funding for the CARA legislation and others.   We also have a new bill called CARA 2.0, so Comprehensive Addiction  and Recovery Act 2.0, and it expands the reach of these evidence-based  programs we are talking about, particularly longer term recovery  programs, because we have learned that it is so critical to actually  get somebody into recovery and keep them in recovery for a long enough  time so they don't relapse.   In that legislation, we also have important legislation with regard  to opioid prescriptions because that is still a problem. We say that  there should be a limit of 3 days for acute pain--not for chronic pain  but for acute pain, limit it to 3 days. That comes from a  recommendation by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention but  also from the FDA.   I have heard from too many families--like the young man I heard from  this morning--about someone whose child has become addicted because the  doctor gave them too many opioids. By the way, I now know several  families whose son or daughter was given opioids when he or she had a  wisdom tooth removed, which apparently is one of the top two or three  most common procedures in America. Doctors and dentists are still  giving these kids opioids. I think that is wrong, and I think that  should be stopped altogether. In the meantime, 3 days is a sensible  limit. A doctor can always prescribe more if you have an issue. And I  think there are proper exceptions for chronic pain.   I think our legislation would make a big difference. It also has a  prescription drug monitoring program, which would require States to  make their monitoring programs and their data available in other States  because people go from State to State to get these prescription pain  pills. This would help against overprescribing, making sure people are  treated as soon as possible and identified.   I urge my colleagues who are not yet cosponsors of any of these  bills--the FIGHT Fentanyl bill and the CARA 2.0 bill--to help us and to  join us in responding to this ever-evolving challenge we have, which is  not just an opioid problem; it is an addiction problem. Every State  represented in this Chamber is affected by this epidemic, and these two  bills at least provide us an opportunity to continue to give law  enforcement the tools they need to give our communities the help they  need to be able to overcome this crisis.   I yield the floor.   