 BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I speak from the  heart about someone who was not just a colleague but a good friend. We  heard some of my Republican colleagues, also from Pennsylvania,  speaking about Mike Fitzpatrick earlier.   I had the privilege to say that I was Mike's constituent for a few  years. Under the old, old lines in Pennsylvania, he represented a  portion of Philadelphia in the far northeast, where I reside. He and I  became friends when I was a State representative and he was my  Congressman.   We quickly realized we had so much in common: similar sort of  families, both born in Philadelphia, both proud Irish American  families, both went to Catholic high school--Mike went to Bishop Egan,  now Conwell-Egan; I went to Cardinal Dougherty. So it was not exactly  difficult for the two of us to get along and to work so well together,  especially when I would become a Member of Congress and he immediately  reached out to me and helped in any way he could.   As colleagues, we worked well together on a whole host of issues. Our  districts shared the entire Philadelphia-Bucks County border and then  much of the Montgomery County-Bucks border as well.   When I think of Mike, though, it is not so much the water safety  issues and PFOS that we worked on or transportation or so many issues  that affect northeast Philadelphia, Bucks County-Montgomery County.  What really strikes me is just what a nice and decent person Mike was  and his basic human decency. You see those same traits in his brother,  now our colleague, Brian.   So, Mr. Speaker, I am deep in mourning today for Mike, his wife,  Kathleen, his six children, Mike's parents, including his father, whom  I had the opportunity to spend time with and meet this summer. My heart  breaks for the Fitzpatrick family, but I hope that they can take solace  in the fact that Mike left his mark on this institution.   Mr. Speaker, to also speak about the life of Mike Fitzpatrick, I  yield to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. Fortenberry), my friend and  colleague.    BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the  gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Evans).   