 Mr. Speaker, New York has been ravaged by the COVID-19  pandemic. My constituents in New Rochelle, New York, were in the  original New York hotspot and have suffered greatly, both health-wise  and economically.   I have worked tirelessly since the last CARES Act to help my  constituents and bring as many resources as I can back to the Bronx and  Westchester. This includes about $5 billion for hard-hit New York  hospitals and $76 million for New York's community health centers.  [[Page H2240]]    With today's vote, the House makes clear its commitment to continue  helping the heroes of this pandemic and our State even further.   The HEROES Act finally makes whole our State and local governments  with nearly $34 billion in funding for New York and an additional $32  billion for local assistance.   It provides billions in hazard pay for the brave frontline workers  who have kept us going through this crisis, and also allocates billions  more for the three T's, testing, tracing, and treatment, keys to  reviving our economy.   The bill also includes provisions I specifically requested and  authored, including an additional $5 billion in education funding for  New York to help prevent layoffs and program cuts, provisions to  protect the medical supply chain, and increased Medicaid payments for  safety-net New York hospitals.   What is more, New York will benefit greatly from the provision in  this bill which repeals SALT, the caps on State and local taxes  deductions, something we have fought hard for since the GOP tax scam  passed 3 years ago.   In addition to the already mentioned provisions, there is an  additional $175 billion in housing aid, including the $100 billion in  rental assistance that I and other New Yorkers called for; extended  unemployment benefits through January 2021; more direct stimulus  payments to Americans; and billions in funding for hospitals and the  Postal Service.   There are pension provisions in this bill which are controversial to  some groups, and I am hopeful this can be resolved in conference.   I was pleased to see property service workers included under the  Pandemic Premium Pay for the Essential Workers section. These workers,  like janitors, security officers, residential door persons, and others,  are often overlooked, but are crucial in keeping buildings and  facilities up and running.   Please vote ``yes.''   