 Madam Speaker, as folks in the Chamber know, I have been  taking some time to thank friends, family, and staff, for supporting me  these 24 years as a Member of the House.   Today, before I go down the organizational chart and mention  caseworkers, legislative assistants, legislative correspondents, staff  assistants, schedulers, there are some outliers in my organization that  I need to mention.   Mary Ellen, Mary Ellen Maxwell, and Maria Maxwell are all the same  person. The Madonia family has strong roots in Springfield, Illinois,  and in the Illinois Republican Party.   Mary Ellen was on the campaign staff with me in 1996. Upon our  victory, she joined the congressional staff. She eventually moved away  and then got married.   On returning to Illinois with Brad, she joined Team Shimkus as my  campaign treasurer. Her family also grew, adding Zane and Lilly.   We continue to joke about how Governor Edgar pointed to her at an  event one time and said: ``Oh, you are the one who is going to go  jail.'' Well, not only has she not gone to jail, she is a stickler for  the law, keeping us both out of trouble.   Dora Rohan has spent 29 years working with me, protecting me, and  being my friend. She started out as my executive assistant when I  became treasurer of Madison County. As the only countywide elected  Republican, I needed a confidential employee whom I could trust. Dora  fit the bill and also brought with her amazing secretarial skills,  including shorthand.   Dora followed me to my congressional office and became a caseworker  for the remainder of her professional career. Oh, the stories she could  tell, and someday, I hope she will.   I also appreciated the times when we did travel together. These trips  provided me a different perspective and insight to the goings on in my  office, much to the chagrin of some of my other employees.   I have had two great legislative assistants who informally became  part of my senior staff. Chris Sarley and Jordan Haverly rose to  prominence on their ability to handle policy, negotiations, and the  politics that arise from public policy.    They both were what we called shared staff. Because of my role as  either chairman or ranking member of the Environment and Economy  Subcommittee, they were my primary point person with the full  committee. They also played key roles in negotiations with staff  members of other offices, from Republican offices and Democrat offices.   Chris Sarley and I had a lot of legislative successes, and I could  spend all my time on that. Another Illinois boy, but a Chicagolander, I  was skeptical at first until I found out that he was a Sox fan, not a  fan of that other team.   Chris' claim to fame is our success shepherding the Toxic Substance  Control Act, commonly known as TSCA, through the legislative process  and having it signed by President Obama. That piece of legislation took  5\1/2\ years.   This was the first rewrite of a major environmental law since it was  passed in 1976. Praised by the chemical manufacturers and the  environmental community, it is a perfect example of threading the  needle to reform and update an old law.   Thank you, Chris.   Jordan is from Pennsylvania and is also in his second tour of duty  with my office. He handles my subcommittee now. With Democrats in  charge, we attempt to prevent overreach which is not scientifically  supported and would hurt jobs in the economy. Many times doing nothing  is better than doing something poorly.   Jordan has a gift for working with social media. He also has a great  handle on who I am and how I would like to respond to most issues. He  never lets me down.   Jordan, like my legislative director, seems to want to go down with  the ship. That is loyalty, which I appreciate. He will be a great pick- up for any office.   Madam Speaker, as I have said numerous times, one is only as good as  the people they have around them. These are some of the best, and I  thank them.   