 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.  [[Page S4179]]     Mr. President, I am here on the Senate floor with my  colleague from Maryland. I am here this morning, in part, to condemn  the Chinese Communist Party's actions, their efforts to swallow Hong  Kong into the mainland and silence the dissent of the people of Hong  Kong, but I am also here to do something about that.   For decades, Hong Kong has been one of the most successful, thriving  societies on the planet. An indispensable part of their success has  been their freedom. Hong Kong has enjoyed a vibrant free press, free  speech, freedom to worship. They have had an independent judiciary and  a partially democratic electoral representative system of government  for a long time now.   Hong Kong is one of the freest places in Asia and, because of these  freedoms and the Hong Kong people's natural entrepreneurial spirit,  Hong Kong is just one of the most successful and vibrant cities there  has ever been.   Yet for years--maybe because of this--the Chinese Communist Party has  pursued a systematic campaign to snuff out these basic freedoms in Hong  Kong and bring the Hongkongers who live there into line. The intensity  of the Chinese Communist Party's aggression appears to be growing by  the day.   Their campaign shouldn't be very surprising. Just look at the recent  actions: the genocidal action toward the Uighurs in Xinjiang or the  aggressive action toward neighboring countries in the South China Sea-- or toward the entire world, since the COVID-19 virus was first detected  in Wuhan and the Chinese Government lied to us about its nature.   Fundamental principles, such as freedom and transparency, the just  rule of law--these ideas are entirely antithetical to the core of the  Chinese Communist Party's mission. I think that, several years from  now, we are going to look back on July 1 of 2020 as a milestone in the  Chinese Communist Party's aggression and hostility toward Hong Kong.   Yesterday was the first day that the Chinese Communist Party's new  so-called national security law went into effect. News reports  described the law as ``tailor-made to bring Hong Kong's massive pro- democracy movement to heel.''   This picture was taken within the last 48 hours--thousands and  thousands of people of Hong Kong taking to the streets to simply demand  their freedoms--peacefully--to protest, to insist that they continue to  have the freedoms that help make their society such a great society.   Tragically, 300 of these people were arrested last night simply  because they were protesting the Chinese Communist Party. Some of the  arrests were made because Hongkongers possessed items that called for  Hong Kong's independence. That is right--people arrested simply for  holding a sign, arrested for holding a flag. Among them was a 15-year- old girl--a 15-year-old girl. Her crime: She held a flag that said  ``Hong Kong independence.'' Another was a 19-year-old young man. His  crime was that he had a pro-democracy sticker on his phone. Imagine-- imagine the nerve of wanting to have self-determination and expressing  that with a sticker on your phone. So he was arrested.   His parents attempted to visit their son in jail and bring him  dinner, and the police refused their visit. It is not at all clear if  this young man will be able to get out even on bail.   So the Chinese Communist Party has very rapidly started enforcing  this new law, and I think it is because they realize what is at stake.  They know that the people of Hong Kong fervently believe in the  importance of an open and free society. They believe in and they want  the ability to practice liberal values, and they want a system of  transparent, accountable government, one that is elected by and  responsive to the people.   See, the vision of the people of Hong Kong for their own city, for  their society, is anathema to the Chinese Communist Party because the  Chinese Communist Party's deepest fear is that mainland Chinese  citizens will demand the freedoms that Hongkongers enjoy, and that  quest for freedom on the mainland would pose an unacceptable risk to  the authoritarian control of the Communist regime.   So the Chinese Communist Party is cracking down. We have been  witnessing it just in recent hours. This new so-called national  security law was unilaterally imposed on the people of Hong Kong  without any input from the people of Hong Kong, and that is in direct  contravention to Chinese commitments to Hong Kong and the international  community. The law was also purposefully written in a very vague and  ambiguous manner, designed to essentially criminalize any behavior or  speech on the part of a resident of Hong Kong that the Chinese  Communist Party does not approve of.   Now, the law may be ambiguous, but the message behind it is not. If a  19-year-old can now be imprisoned for having a sticker on his phone or  a 15-year-old girl can be imprisoned for having a flag, then no one is  safe, and that is the message that Beijing wants to send to the people  of Hong Kong: We can arrest you. We can imprison you if you misbehave.  So think twice about what you say, where you go, with whom you meet,  what you read, what you write. Maybe even think twice about what you  think.    This law, sadly, looks like it means the end of Hong Kong's autonomy  and the freedoms which underpin its social and economic vibrancy. And  we are seeing the effects: As I said, hundreds of arrests that occurred  just yesterday as tens of thousands of courageous Hongkongers--here we  see some of them--poured into the streets to shout and chant and  demonstrate peacefully, to tell the Chinese Communist Party that they  are not going to back down.   We have also seen Hongkongers who have been forced to scrub their  social media history, booksellers who were intending to remove books  from their shelves, Hong Kong pro-democracy political figures saying  that they have to lessen their activism and rethink their strategy.   How can you blame them? How can you blame them? They could face years  in prison if the Hong Kong authorities, at the bidding of the people in  Beijing, choose to target them.   I think we can fully expect independent media voices in Hong Kong to  be shuttered and Beijing's censorship and surveillance apparatus to  flourish in the coming months and years.   The fact is, Hong Kong's vibrancy is being throttled by the Chinese  Communist Party.   So I am on the Senate floor today to request passage of a piece of  legislation that responds to this. I am pleased to report it has  already received unanimous support from both Chambers of Congress. I  introduced this legislation with my colleague Senator Van Hollen of  Maryland to create real penalties on those responsible for this  campaign by the Chinese Communist Party to end Hong Kong's free way of  life.   It is called the Hong Kong Autonomy Act, and the bill would impose  mandatory sanctions on anyone involved in taking action to attack the  basic freedoms that were promised to the people of Hong Kong.   Critically, our legislation also takes another step. It penalizes  banks that choose to finance the erosion of Hong Kong's autonomy, banks  that would put marginal profits ahead of the basic human rights of the  people of Hong Kong.   I am really pleased that we are here this morning. I think we are on  the verge of sending this legislation to the President's desk because  America needs to take meaningful steps like this to push back on the  Chinese Communist Party.   We should remember that this aggression toward Hong Kong is not  limited to Hong Kong. The Chinese Communist Party is intent to spread  its influence and power worldwide, and in the process, it is meant to  simultaneously undermine and challenge free and open societies. I  should point out that the spread of the Chinese Communist Party  influence around the world poses a very real threat to us, to  Americans, to our national and economic interests.   That is part of why the Hong Kong Autonomy Act is so important. It is  not only an effort to shield freedom-loving Hongkongers from this  continuing escalation of aggression by the  [[Page S4180]]  Chinese Communists, but the bill is a larger signal to China. It is a  message that the United States and the free world are no longer willing  to look past some of the worst behavior that has been occurring. It is  a message that our patience has run out.   China is being warned to expect stiff resistance--stiff resistance to  stealing American intellectual property, to committing genocide against  religious minorities like the Uighurs, to militarizing artificial  islands and infringing on other nations' sovereign waters, and  trampling on the basic freedoms of the people of Hong Kong.   I could go on, but suffice it to say that this is occurring in the  context of a great battle--the great battle about what model the world  is going to pursue. Will the citizens of the United States and other  democratic nations around the world continue to foster the liberal  democratic model that spread around the world after World War II, with  open societies, the just rule of law, greater economic freedom  underpinned by respect for private property, basic human rights like  the freedom of speech and the freedom of a free press and the freedom  to worship?   All of the prosperity and the elevation of human dignity that comes  from human freedom and democratic values from our model--that is the  model that is up against the dark shadows of the authoritarian  governments that are constantly pushing to systematically erode,  corrode, and warp the values and freedoms that we cherish. Through this  bill, the U.S. Senate makes clear which side we are on.    At this point, I would like to yield to the Senator from Maryland.    Mr. President, again, let me stress how grateful I am for  the passionate, persuasive, and very effective advocacy of Senator Van  Hollen throughout this entire effort. I am very grateful to him, as I  am to other colleagues who helped make this happen.   As in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of H.R. 7440, which was received  from the House.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   