 Because a lot of my colleagues have been so thoughtful, I  will have some brief remarks, and then I would ask unanimous consent  that Senator Cortez Masto could follow me because she is facing a tight  schedule as well. I know all of my colleagues are.    Madam President, I join my colleagues this afternoon in  appreciation of Senator Brown, who has been relentless--absolutely  relentless--in prosecuting this cause of trying to get a fair shake for  millions of Americans who are walking on an economic tightrope. Every  single month, they balance the food bill against the rent bill against  the energy bill, and Senator Brown--whether it is supercharged  unemployment benefits, whether it is housing, whether it is taking on  the big pharmaceutical companies--is there again and again and again to  stand up for people who don't have power and don't have clout, and I  want to thank him especially for giving us this opportunity to focus on  the avalanche of evictions that I believe will be headed in our  direction in weeks if the Senate doesn't act.   Yesterday, Dr. Fauci talked about soon possibly seeing as many as  100,000 new coronavirus cases a day. You simply cannot have a healthy  economy in a country suffering from mass illness and death.   There are already tens of millions of Americans out of work as a  result of a pandemic that is only continuing to spread, and it has hit  the whole affordability of rent for millions of Americans like a  powerful storm.   According to the Census Bureau, 40 percent of Black and Latino  renters are worried they will not be able to make the rent this summer  due to the pandemic. That in and of itself is an outrage and an  injustice.   My question for our Republican colleagues today involves this  frightening day at the beginning of the month--the frightening day when  families sit around a kitchen table, all across the country, and you  can see the anguish in their faces when you talk to them because,  around that kitchen table, they are saying to themselves: What am I  going to spend our scarce dollars on this month? Is it going to be the  rent? Is it going to be groceries? What about that big pile of medical  bills that is off in the corner that we have to pay?   It is July 1, and the rent is due. Our question for our Republican  colleagues is, What is your plan?   Senator Brown has been leading us every day--day in, day out--with a  set of sensible policies that respond to what those families are saying  around their kitchen tables. We fought for the moratorium on evictions  that was included in the CARES Act, but it goes poof in a few weeks.   Already this week my Republican colleagues have blocked funding for  State and local governments that could have been used to help people  who are walking that economic tightrope.   This morning, Leader Schumer and I laid out a plan that I think is a  path to a dependable safety net in America and, specifically, an  extension of supercharged unemployment benefits, which ties the benefit  to economic conditions on the ground. It will be a financial lifeline  for millions and millions of people. Republicans have been opposed to  that. Those benefits are going to expire in a matter of weeks, and as I  said to colleagues: Better know what you are going to be looking at  when you go home in August if there hasn't been action on our  legislation to make sure that there are supercharged unemployment  benefits so that people can pay the rent and buy groceries.   If they are home all August long, in the heat with families, and they  are going to have nowhere to turn in terms of paying for a roof over  their heads and groceries, this is going to be a long, long, hot summer  that will never be forgotten.   So let's be clear what is at stake. Long before the pandemic hit,  housing cost too much. Homelessness was way too common, and, in my  view, the rate of homelessness among children is a true national  scandal.   In the wealthiest Nation on Earth, no child should be without a home.  But even before the COVID crisis, 1.5 million children were  experiencing homelessness--1.5 million youngsters living outside,  living in cars, sleeping on floors, sleeping on the ground.   Colleagues, in my home State, they have said that school buses have  had to go to the parks. They have had to go to the parks to pick up  kids who are living outside with their families.   It rains once in a while in Oregon. It is cold in Oregon. And to  think that kids in the richest country on Earth are spending the night  in the parks and the school buses have to come and get them while we  have huge tax cuts for those who are powerful and have lobbyists shows  that things are really out of whack.   What I describe as it relates to those kids living in the parks-- those kinds of conditions exist for youngsters all over America, and  that was before the joblessness crisis hit and threw so many more  working families into economic hardship.   If the Senate doesn't step up to help families stay in their homes,  it is going to get much, much worse because there are hundreds of  thousands, if not millions, of kids facing this recipe for disaster.  They are out of school. They are isolated, and they are more exposed to  neglect and abuse. I am so pleased that my friend from Nevada has been  talking about those families and talking about those kids.   They are hungry. Their families are facing the threat of eviction. If  the Senate just sits back and allows these children to fall into  homelessness, they may never have a chance to get ahead.   So what it comes down to is that the Senate has an obligation to  help, and Senator Brown is on target in saying that this is the time to  pass his Emergency Rental Assistance Act. I am with him. I think we  have a lot of colleagues here in the queue because they, too, want to  speak up for the radical idea--what a radical proposition--that in the  richest country on Earth, the vulnerable ought to have a roof over  their head.   Senator Brown's proposal is a vital step forward. I think we all  agree that much more needs to be done. I am very interested in the  proposal I call the DASH Act, the Decent, Affordable and Safe Housing  for All Act. I hope we will be able to get serious about that in 2021.   The step to take today is to pass Senator Brown's bill, and I look  forward to  [[Page S4112]]  being back with our colleagues day in, day out, focusing on this crisis  and making sure that nobody thinks we are going to skip away until the  Republicans act.   This country faces a truly horrific eviction nightmare if action is  not taken soon, and I am very pleased that my friend from Nevada is  here   I yield the floor to her.    Mr. President, I thank Senator Stabenow, my seatmate on  the Senate Finance Committee. We are a bit more socially distant now,  but we still have spent this time plotting and thinking and trying to  imagine a future that provides the kinds of priorities that we have  been talking about today.   Senator Stabenow's reports particularly--these wonderful reports that  document the cost of inaction--I have almost made them a reference tool  on my desk so, when I have to look at a particular area, I can turn to  one of those Stabenow reports. They are always understandable, always  cutting right to the heart of the issue, which is this: How are you  going to give the opportunity for everybody in America to get ahead-- not just the people at the top but everybody in America the chance to  get ahead?   I am not going to take but a few minutes. I do want to note that I  believe that Oregon is the only State to have produced 100 percent of  its U.S. Senators on behalf of the cause tonight. This is something  Senator Merkley and I enjoy doing when there is an opportunity to speak  for justice.   I want to reflect for a minute on how the day started, because I  guess it was almost 12 hours ago our Democratic leader, Senator  Schumer, stood right there; I stood where I am; and he outlined the  Schumer-Wyden proposal for the next steps on dealing with this crushing  unemployment we have in our country--30 million people.   The number is almost so large that the experts can't get their arms  around exactly how many people are unemployed, but what we know is that  every  [[Page S4125]]  week it goes up far more than that kind of similar period during the  great recession.   We talked about what is going to happen July 31. July 31, if the  Senate does not act, we are going to have a tsunami of evictions. We  are going to have families, just as Senator Stabenow said, basically  sitting in their living rooms, sitting in their kitchens, and trying to  figure out how they are going to make ends meet that month.   Without supercharged unemployment, without the SNAP benefits that  Senator Stabenow is talking about, without the help Senator Brown is  talking about with respect to housing and evictions, there are a lot of  people who are just going to fall between the cracks.   I thought, it being 12 hours since we began this, that I might just  connect the dots for a few minutes.   In the face of this historic public health emergency, we know that  millions of Americans have their health on the line, and because Donald  Trump has failed to get the COVID-19 virus under control, we have now  got jobs on the line. Now many people are being forced to choose  between feeding their child or paying the rent to keep a roof over  their head.   So you have housing, you have healthcare, you have unemployment, and  we are trying very hard to be creative. I know, for my colleague from  Michigan, hardly a day goes by when she doesn't talk to me about the  benefit of Work Share, a creative way to make unemployment dollars  stretch. By the way, Senator Merkley talks about it almost as much as  my friend from Michigan because he feels very strongly about it.   So as we connect the dots, as we have over the last 12 hours, and we  talk about housing and healthcare and unemployment, I also want people  to understand that those challenges were serious last week and the week  before.   We ought to put in context what we heard yesterday from Tony Fauci,  who said that the trajectory as of right now is one where our country  may possibly see 100,000 new cases a day.   So let's picture what that means for the SNAP program and how hard  Senator Stabenow's work is going to be, because we have heard Chairman  Roberts--and you all have worked very well--and the like, and hopefully  we can get that worked out because I don't even want to begin to  imagine how much hunger and unemployment and housing challenges we are  going to face with 100,000 new cases a day.   So the work that Senator Stabenow is doing is urgent business. It  really also brings us back to this: How can it be, in a country as  strong and as good as ours, that we have all these kids going to bed  hungry at night?   In our home State--the State Senator Merkley and I have the privilege  to represent--one out of every four Oregonians worries about putting  food on the table. Our Oregon Food Bank, run by the inimitable Susannah  Morgan, is doing a fabulous job. But the fact is--and I was really  struck by this--the Oregon Food Bank has told my office that demand for  emergency food has doubled in Oregon over the past 2 months at Oregon  Food Bank's five branches.   Recently, I was home. Whenever Senator Merkley and I are home, we try  to get out and talk to a variety of community groups. I was helping  distribute food baskets. I was struck because we were all being  socially distant. They were handing me the bags, and I was putting them  in the back of the cart. I got a chance to have a little bit of a  conversation with those people. The cars were backed up for blocks and  blocks on the east side of our community, where Senator Merkley and I  both live.   There were people who had not faced this kind of challenge before.  You looked at them, and they looked at you, and you could see in their  faces that they never expected this, particularly the seniors.   My colleague has heard all the Gray Panthers stories. Senator Merkley  heard them 50 times; you only heard them 25 times. But a lot of those  seniors going through in their cars, it was clear, also, that was the  big outing for the day. They didn't get really dressed up, but kind of,  and the car was perfectly clean. They came through, and they wanted to  visit. But you knew that, without that food, they wouldn't have a  chance to make it through the day.   What this comes down to is what Senator Stabenow is basically doing,  is being in the Tikkun Olam business. That is a phrase Jews often use;  it is about perfecting the world. It is about the moral obligation we  have in America to do everything within our power to make sure that  kids and families do not go hungry. Susannah Morgan was real clear  about the things she wanted Senator Merkley and I to talk about on the  floor of the Senate and make sure they got out. She wants to make sure  that people can get assistance through a regular EBT card.   The Trump administration, of course, has pushed to impose strenuous  work requirements, which don't make any sense--particularly in a public  health crisis--in workplaces and can be dangerous. We want to expand  ways to get food to SNAP participants, like home delivery, curbside  pickup. We want to extend what has come to be known as the pandemic EBT  through the summer and any future school closures.   This is so important because, even before the pandemic, I often would  go to various kinds of programs run by community groups, and they would  be serving a lunch. I would shoot baskets with kids for a bit. I would  see the kids drift away, and they would take at least two lunches--at  least two. I would go and visit. It was clear that they were just  ravenous; they were incredibly hungry. This was pre-COVID. I would ask:  What did you have to eat since you were here yesterday to shoot baskets  with a Senator?   They would look at you and say: Well, I had a Milky Way.   That is what we are dealing with in America right now. What Senator  Stabenow is doing with these programs is so incredibly important. When  we have our priorities straight, kids who are eligible for free or  reduced-cost meals would be able to get that food. I know that my  colleague from Michigan has worked hard to make sure that those meals  include more fresh fruits and vegetables. I heard her talk about it.  She is trying to reach out to so many communities where often--and  Senator Klobuchar talked about it--it is kind of a food desert. If you  don't have the program Senator Klobuchar is working for, you are just  going to have a lot of people like those kids I met going hungry.   I am going to close with one last thought that is important to us in  our part of the country. The reality is that, for many years, none of  this was at all partisan. We have all heard about Bob Dole and George  McGovern and the history books, and they made their common cause with  respect to agriculture, and they would round up urban legislators. We  read about that, various historical figures from the East, they weren't  partisan.   In our part of the world, when we talk about the practical,  commonsense ideas that Senator Stabenow is offering for feeding hungry  people, we just call them the Oregon Way. People always ask: Well,  where is this Oregon Way, Ron? Where is this thing? Is it on the top of  the capitol dome or Pioneer Square in Portland? I say: No, it is what  we have tried to do for years.   I want to thank Senator Stabenow for bringing heart and a pragmatic  approach to this. We saw how you just reached out to Senator Roberts.  By the way, I am on the Intelligence Committee. I am not going to give  out anything classified, but Senator Roberts walked by, and he said: We  are going to get this worked out. We are going to figure this out.   I am going to end on a little bit of an upbeat note because that  happened maybe only half an hour ago, and having watched my seatmate in  action with Chairman Roberts often pull together agreements where  nobody thought an agreement was possible--no pressure, don't feel like  we are singling you out, but just know that a lot of us are going to be  your allies in this fight because it is a fight for fairness, it is a  fight for kids, it is a fight for families that are hurting, and it is  a fight for an America where everybody gets a chance to get ahead.   Thank you for doing that    Mr. President, it is a pleasure to be with Senator Schumer  to advance the Schumer-Wyden legislative proposal today, and I am very  pleased that we are joined by Senator Bennet, a particularly valuable  member of the Senate Finance Committee, who has worked on these issues  for many, many years.   As Senator Schumer outlined, we are talking about a fresh approach as  we look to extending supercharged unemployment benefits for as long as  our economy suffers under the COVID-19 pandemic. As the ranking  Democrat on the Finance Committee that produced the $600 extra benefit  each week until July 31 and the breakthrough to cover for the first  time gig workers and the self-employed and part-timers and others, I am  going to take a few minutes to explain why this next step to create a  dependable safety net in America is a no-brainer.   We know that tens of millions of Americans are out of work due to  COVID-19. The pandemic is, in fact, getting worse. Dr. Tony Fauci  yesterday talked about the prospect of having 100,000 new confirmed  cases per day nationwide. We don't even want to imagine what the  unemployment situation is going to look like with 100,000 new  coronavirus cases every day. You cannot have a healthy economy in a  country suffering from mass death.   I know the President got up in the Rose Garden and celebrated the  last jobs report like it was the greatest news since the end of World  War II, but you have to be living in a country club fantasy land to  believe this economic crisis is anywhere close to ending.   Tens of millions of Americans today are out of work in States with  COVID hotspots. There are reports that people who went back to work in  the spring are getting laid off for a second time. The numbers show  that it disproportionately harms Black and Hispanic people suffering in  this crisis, and the layoffs are hitting those Americans especially  hard in industries that pay modest wages. This is a recipe for  injustice and for long-term economic hardship. Our proposal is  desperately needed because the country is not on a straight line to  recovery.   Democrats demanded the supercharged unemployment benefits because  workers are not to blame for the crisis. Doctors don't yet have a cure  for COVID-19, but the Congress does have a way to address the financial  strain of joblessness. That is why Democrats demanded full wage  replacement during the negotiations on unemployment benefits in the  CARES Act.   Secretary Scalia told those of us negotiating this issue that State  UI systems--unemployment systems--were too outdated to make it work  anytime soon. These are Federal benefits, but under employment law, the  States administer the program and get the benefits out.   We knew that there would be some challenges, and we proposed a simple  solution: $600 extra per week across the board, adding up to full wage  replacement for the typical worker. It was clear that was the only  possibility of getting the supercharged benefits out to millions of  workers quickly.   It hadn't been easy. In a number of States, the unemployment systems  run on Bronze Age technology. In some other cases--and Leader Schumer  and I are inquiring into these right now--it is a case of Republican  sabotage. That is why, for the long term, it is certainly worth looking  at a Federal approach for administering unemployment benefits as a  better strategy.   But in today's economic conditions, dealing with the suffering we are  seeing right now--the suffering that Tony Fauci talked about yesterday  that could hammer this country from sea to shining sea--if you are  dealing with today's conditions and you want to get full-wage benefits  out on time, there is no alternative to $600 per week across the board.  Furthermore, there is no good argument for cutting or eliminating  benefits as long as the pandemic is raging and getting worse.   On the one hand, we heard Secretary Scalia and other Republicans  repeat the old line. They have been talking against unemployment for  ages, and they always say the problem is lazy workers dependent on  government are going to drag the economy down by collecting  unemployment instead of going back to their jobs.   On the other hand, Republicans have repeatedly said the economy is  roaring back to full employment so there is no need for extending  benefits any longer. You can't have it both ways. You can't have it  both ways, that these workers are dragging the economy down and then  talk about how everything is booming.   Regardless of how these arguments conflict, neither one holds any  water to begin with. I believe it is an insult to American workers to  say they would rather sit at home than work hard and earn their pay.  Our workers have a strong working ethic, and how could anybody believe  in the greatness of America, as the President is always talking about,  and think so little of its workers?   Second, it is time to quit pretending to know whether the crisis is  anywhere near over. The number of people filing new unemployment claims  every week, even now, is two and three times higher than the worst  single week of the Great Recession.   Senators have a right to stake out whatever ground they want on this  issue. I will tell you, the American people overwhelmingly support  extending supercharged unemployment benefits. You see it in polls-- polls done by centrist organizations. But more importantly, you hear  about it when you are home.   Americans don't buy Secretary Scalia's line about lazy workers or  dependence on the government. I can tell you, based on the  conversations I had with Oregonians, they don't want any handouts. They  understand the country is facing a severe historic crisis of  joblessness, and they want the Congress to act. You cannot have a  healthy economy in a country suffering from mass debt, particularly in  the middle of a pandemic.   It would be an act of sabotage and, I think, unthinkable cruelty to  slash these benefits and send all these jobless families into  destitution. That is why Senator Schumer and I have outlined this  proposal to extend these supercharged unemployment benefits in a manner  that is tethered to economic conditions on the ground.   We always hear our colleagues talk about policies and the need for  policies that really mirror what is going on in the real-world economy,  in the private sector. That is what this proposal does. This proposal  says we are going to tie the economic benefits; we are going to tether  them to economic conditions on the ground.   I saw our colleague from South Dakota, a Member of the Republican  leadership, Senator Thune, say that maybe the benefits ought to taper  down when unemployment goes down. I looked at that, and I said that  Democrats share that view. That is what our trigger proposal is all  about. You have to have them in a way that is going to make sure people  can pay rent and groceries, which is what the $600 benefit made  possible and will in the future.   But when unemployment tapers down, then, under our proposal, we make  an accommodation for that. What we are going to do is common sense. It  provides certainty and predictability for American workers, but it will  also send a message across the country that there is a policy that will  make a more dependable safety net. Yet it will also do what the head of  the Federal Reserve just said, which is to make sure that family  budgets, which are the ones that drive the American economy, are ones  where people can pay the rent and buy groceries.   The bottom line is we have a moral obligation to not turn our back on  those who are suffering. I am telling you, the Senate is going to go  home here in a day or so for several weeks, and Senators are going to  hear loud and clear that workers are concerned about whether, after  July 31, they are going to be able to pay the rent and be able to buy  groceries. I think they are worried, and I hear it from all parts of my  community--about a tsunami of evictions and people simply not being  able to feed their families. I think  [[Page S4141]]  those who disagree with the Schumer-Wyden proposal ought to come out  here and say what they going to offer those people who are hurting.   Influential objective thinkers about the economy, like Jerome Powell,  are saying that these kinds of benefits are absolutely key to making  sure that the family budget, which drives the American economy, is  going to be positioned to pay the rent and buy groceries.   I gather from Leader Schumer's remarks that I can yield to our  Senator from Colorado, a particularly valuable member of the Finance  Committee, who has been working on safety net issues for many, many  years.    Mr. President, it is a pleasure to be with Senator Schumer  to advance the Schumer-Wyden legislative proposal today, and I am very  pleased that we are joined by Senator Bennet, a particularly valuable  member of the Senate Finance Committee, who has worked on these issues  for many, many years.   As Senator Schumer outlined, we are talking about a fresh approach as  we look to extending supercharged unemployment benefits for as long as  our economy suffers under the COVID-19 pandemic. As the ranking  Democrat on the Finance Committee that produced the $600 extra benefit  each week until July 31 and the breakthrough to cover for the first  time gig workers and the self-employed and part-timers and others, I am  going to take a few minutes to explain why this next step to create a  dependable safety net in America is a no-brainer.   We know that tens of millions of Americans are out of work due to  COVID-19. The pandemic is, in fact, getting worse. Dr. Tony Fauci  yesterday talked about the prospect of having 100,000 new confirmed  cases per day nationwide. We don't even want to imagine what the  unemployment situation is going to look like with 100,000 new  coronavirus cases every day. You cannot have a healthy economy in a  country suffering from mass death.   I know the President got up in the Rose Garden and celebrated the  last jobs report like it was the greatest news since the end of World  War II, but you have to be living in a country club fantasy land to  believe this economic crisis is anywhere close to ending.   Tens of millions of Americans today are out of work in States with  COVID hotspots. There are reports that people who went back to work in  the spring are getting laid off for a second time. The numbers show  that it disproportionately harms Black and Hispanic people suffering in  this crisis, and the layoffs are hitting those Americans especially  hard in industries that pay modest wages. This is a recipe for  injustice and for long-term economic hardship. Our proposal is  desperately needed because the country is not on a straight line to  recovery.   Democrats demanded the supercharged unemployment benefits because  workers are not to blame for the crisis. Doctors don't yet have a cure  for COVID-19, but the Congress does have a way to address the financial  strain of joblessness. That is why Democrats demanded full wage  replacement during the negotiations on unemployment benefits in the  CARES Act.   Secretary Scalia told those of us negotiating this issue that State  UI systems--unemployment systems--were too outdated to make it work  anytime soon. These are Federal benefits, but under employment law, the  States administer the program and get the benefits out.   We knew that there would be some challenges, and we proposed a simple  solution: $600 extra per week across the board, adding up to full wage  replacement for the typical worker. It was clear that was the only  possibility of getting the supercharged benefits out to millions of  workers quickly.   It hadn't been easy. In a number of States, the unemployment systems  run on Bronze Age technology. In some other cases--and Leader Schumer  and I are inquiring into these right now--it is a case of Republican  sabotage. That is why, for the long term, it is certainly worth looking  at a Federal approach for administering unemployment benefits as a  better strategy.   But in today's economic conditions, dealing with the suffering we are  seeing right now--the suffering that Tony Fauci talked about yesterday  that could hammer this country from sea to shining sea--if you are  dealing with today's conditions and you want to get full-wage benefits  out on time, there is no alternative to $600 per week across the board.  Furthermore, there is no good argument for cutting or eliminating  benefits as long as the pandemic is raging and getting worse.   On the one hand, we heard Secretary Scalia and other Republicans  repeat the old line. They have been talking against unemployment for  ages, and they always say the problem is lazy workers dependent on  government are going to drag the economy down by collecting  unemployment instead of going back to their jobs.   On the other hand, Republicans have repeatedly said the economy is  roaring back to full employment so there is no need for extending  benefits any longer. You can't have it both ways. You can't have it  both ways, that these workers are dragging the economy down and then  talk about how everything is booming.   Regardless of how these arguments conflict, neither one holds any  water to begin with. I believe it is an insult to American workers to  say they would rather sit at home than work hard and earn their pay.  Our workers have a strong working ethic, and how could anybody believe  in the greatness of America, as the President is always talking about,  and think so little of its workers?   Second, it is time to quit pretending to know whether the crisis is  anywhere near over. The number of people filing new unemployment claims  every week, even now, is two and three times higher than the worst  single week of the Great Recession.   Senators have a right to stake out whatever ground they want on this  issue. I will tell you, the American people overwhelmingly support  extending supercharged unemployment benefits. You see it in polls-- polls done by centrist organizations. But more importantly, you hear  about it when you are home.   Americans don't buy Secretary Scalia's line about lazy workers or  dependence on the government. I can tell you, based on the  conversations I had with Oregonians, they don't want any handouts. They  understand the country is facing a severe historic crisis of  joblessness, and they want the Congress to act. You cannot have a  healthy economy in a country suffering from mass debt, particularly in  the middle of a pandemic.   It would be an act of sabotage and, I think, unthinkable cruelty to  slash these benefits and send all these jobless families into  destitution. That is why Senator Schumer and I have outlined this  proposal to extend these supercharged unemployment benefits in a manner  that is tethered to economic conditions on the ground.   We always hear our colleagues talk about policies and the need for  policies that really mirror what is going on in the real-world economy,  in the private sector. That is what this proposal does. This proposal  says we are going to tie the economic benefits; we are going to tether  them to economic conditions on the ground.   I saw our colleague from South Dakota, a Member of the Republican  leadership, Senator Thune, say that maybe the benefits ought to taper  down when unemployment goes down. I looked at that, and I said that  Democrats share that view. That is what our trigger proposal is all  about. You have to have them in a way that is going to make sure people  can pay rent and groceries, which is what the $600 benefit made  possible and will in the future.   But when unemployment tapers down, then, under our proposal, we make  an accommodation for that. What we are going to do is common sense. It  provides certainty and predictability for American workers, but it will  also send a message across the country that there is a policy that will  make a more dependable safety net. Yet it will also do what the head of  the Federal Reserve just said, which is to make sure that family  budgets, which are the ones that drive the American economy, are ones  where people can pay the rent and buy groceries.   The bottom line is we have a moral obligation to not turn our back on  those who are suffering. I am telling you, the Senate is going to go  home here in a day or so for several weeks, and Senators are going to  hear loud and clear that workers are concerned about whether, after  July 31, they are going to be able to pay the rent and be able to buy  groceries. I think they are worried, and I hear it from all parts of my  community--about a tsunami of evictions and people simply not being  able to feed their families. I think  [[Page S4141]]  those who disagree with the Schumer-Wyden proposal ought to come out  here and say what they going to offer those people who are hurting.   Influential objective thinkers about the economy, like Jerome Powell,  are saying that these kinds of benefits are absolutely key to making  sure that the family budget, which drives the American economy, is  going to be positioned to pay the rent and buy groceries.   I gather from Leader Schumer's remarks that I can yield to our  Senator from Colorado, a particularly valuable member of the Finance  Committee, who has been working on safety net issues for many, many  years.   