 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be allowed to  finish my remarks before the vote is called. I don't anticipate I will  take very long.    Mr. President, I rise to support the nomination of Peter T.  Gaynor to be the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management  Agency, FEMA.   I have known and worked with Pete Gaynor for over a decade. Before  taking over as FEMA Deputy Administrator in 2018 and becoming the  Acting Administrator in 2019, Pete was the emergency management  director for the city of Providence and then the State of Rhode Island.   As a U.S. marine, he was on duty near the Pentagon on September 11,  2001, and helped direct important aspects of the response and recovery  efforts in the days and weeks that followed. Later, he went on to serve  in U.S. operations in Iraq before returning home to Rhode Island.   As EMA, emergency management agency director in Rhode Island, Pete  led the response to federally declared disasters in our State and  worked to successfully earn national emergency management accreditation  for both the Providence and Rhode Island emergency management agencies.  I know he will tap this full experience to serve the American people as  FEMA Administrator, and FEMA needs solid leadership.   Indeed, as the flagship Federal Agency for disaster preparedness and  response, FEMA faces extraordinary challenges, confronting the very  real effects of climate-related disasters, reforming the National Flood  Insurance Program, administering critical grant programs, and helping  ready the Nation for possible chemical, biological, and radiological  attacks.   Make no mistake, I have deep concerns about many aspects of the  administration's approach to disaster recovery. Puerto Rico is a case  in point. Now it is facing new challenges. As ranking member of the  Transportation-HUD Appropriations Subcommittee, I have been dismayed by  the Department of Housing and Urban Development's slow-walking of  billions of dollars of disaster recovery assistance for Puerto Rico.   As the lead Agency for disaster response and recovery, FEMA must set  the standard for professionalism and compassion for people and  communities going through the worst experience of their lives. It is my  expectation and my confidence that Peter Gaynor will work to make sure  it happens.   I urge my colleagues to join me in voting to confirm him.   With that, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays on the pending  nomination of Peter Gaynor to be the Administrator of the Federal  Emergency Management Agency.   