 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman, my  ranking member, for yielding this time; and I rise in opposition to  H.R. 7608, the first appropriations measure to be considered by the  House for fiscal year 2021.   The measure before us today, Mr. Speaker, includes four of the 12  annual spending bills. Specifically, it would provide funding for the  Departments of State, Agriculture, Interior, as well as Veterans  Affairs, and their related agencies and programs.   As ranking member of the State, Foreign Operations, and Related  Programs Subcommittee, I want to again offer my sincere thanks to  Chairwoman Nita Lowey for her collaboration. Her decision to lead this  subcommittee, as well as being chairman of the big committee, the full  committee, is a testament to her dedication to improving lives around  the globe.   She has been a tremendous partner in that venture for many years, and  we will deeply miss her leadership of our committee and of this  subcommittee. But I assure you, Madam Chair, we will continue this work  in your memory because you have invested so much of your life in this  subcommittee.   Division A, the State and Foreign Operations appropriations bill for  fiscal year 2021, includes $55.85 billion in non-emergency  discretionary funding, and $10 billion in emergency funding for global  coronavirus response, for a total of $65.87 billion.   Within that total, the bill includes funding for many key priorities  that are critical to our national security. Chief among them is $3.3  billion in Foreign Military Financing for Israel and continued funding  at the current level for our close partners in the region, including  Jordan, Egypt, Morocco, and Tunisia.   I am also pleased that the bill maintains funding at the current  level, as has been said, for embassy security. The attacks on our  embassy in Baghdad this year were a stark reminder of how we must do  everything we can to support the safety of our foreign service officers  working abroad.   I appreciate the Chair continuing funding to combat the flow of drugs  into this country and to tackle transnational crime overseas. Overdose  deaths from synthetic opioids like fentanyl have spiked with COVID-19's  growth, so we have got an epidemic now of increased overdose deaths  within the pandemonium that is going on as well. These international  efforts go hand-in-hand with the work we do here at home in the  relentless fight against drug abuse and addiction.   Elsewhere in the bill, Divisions B, C, and D of this package include  some notable areas of bipartisanship worth highlighting. I was pleased  to see robust funding for clean and reliable water systems and rural  broadband service, which are vitally important in my Kentucky district.   The bill also continues funding for the Abandoned Mine Land Pilot  Program, a crucial economic and community development tool for regions  like mine that were devastated by the war on coal.   The bill also provides critical resources to take care of our  veterans, another welcome inclusion, given their great service to our  Nation.   While I admire the chair's leadership in guiding this legislation  through committee under the most challenging circumstances, I simply  cannot support the measure in its current form.   Our committee has a proud tradition of bipartisanship and working  together to fund and enhance shared priorities. However, this bill's  unchecked emergency spending and partisan policy riders give me great  concern, and ensure it has no hope of becoming law in its current form.   Sweeping measures that threaten the sanctity of life, like those that  overturn the President's expanded Mexico City policy and weaken the  longstanding protections against coercive abortion and forced  sterilization, known as Kemp-Kasten, are the most concerning and  controversial.   Also problematic are ill-advised investments, including the  international climate funds like the Green Climate Fund, which  jeopardizes American jobs.   Despite some areas of agreement, the unrestrained spending and  partisan riders require my opposition to the package. I therefore urge  my colleagues to oppose the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the  gentleman's amendment. This bill funds a number of important programs  that are part of our national security. While I believe there is room  for a small reduction, taking cuts across the board is not an  appropriate way to carry that out.   The amendment would cut everything across the bill, indiscriminately,  and that includes the $3.3 billion, as has been mentioned, in foreign  military financing for Israel. Reducing funding for Israel's security  by $165 million, in addition to reductions to embassy security and  other key investments, is ill-advised. There is a better way.   I urge Members to oppose the amendment.   