 Mr. President, the men and women of law enforcement in  Arkansas could have no greater champion in the U.S. Senate than John  Boozman. It is always an honor to join him on the floor, but today is a  sad and solemn honor to be here to commemorate the life of Detective  Kevin Collins.   Detective Collins of Pine Bluff had known since he was the young age  of 3 that he wanted to be a police officer. His step-dad worked for the  Jefferson County Sheriff's Department. His mom was a teacher. So from  an early age, the role models in Kevin's life inspired him to serve  others, and serve he did, above and beyond the call of duty.   For a time he worked as an emergency services dispatcher. Then he  worked for the Arkansas Department of Corrections. Five years ago, he  realized his childhood dream by joining his hometown police department  to serve the community he knew and loved.   Detective Collins was part of the violent crimes unit, which means he  worked on some of Arkansas' most dangerous cases. He had a special  passion for taking illegal guns off the streets and mentoring young  people in the community.   His hard work was noticed and rewarded. Just 2 years after joining  the force, Detective Collins was named Officer of the Year after  rushing into a burning apartment building and rescuing a 95-year-old  woman trapped inside.   When he received that award, Detective Collins reflected on his  lifelong dream of becoming a police officer, which he described as a  ``service'' and something ``I could be proud of.''   You could say that Kevin Collins was destined to be a police officer.  Tragically, he was also destined to die as one, much too soon.   Earlier this month, Detective Collins was tracking a suspected  murderer who was holed up in a hotel. A gun battle broke out. Detective  Collins and his fellow officer, Lieutenant Ralph Isaac, were hit during  this exchange and rushed to the hospital. Lieutenant Isaac has begun to  recover, but, sadly, Detective Collins did not. He went home to be with  the Lord at the age of 35, leaving his family, his community, and our  State heartbroken over the loss.   Detective Collins' death is a tragedy and a stark warning and  reminder of the dangers police officers face every day.   Detective Collins joins 231 of his fellow officers who have died in  the line of duty in America just this year, but it would be a mistake  only to mark Detective Collins' death. We ought also to learn from his  example in life.   Kevin Collins was a guardian of Pine Bluff, whether in his capacity  as an officer or off duty as a security guard at his local church.  [[Page S6467]]    When he received the Officer of the Year Award in 2017, Detective  Collins said that being a police officer was about extending a ``life  line to save others.'' We will never know how many lives Kevin Collins  saved, but we do know that his hometown is now safer and more peaceful  because of his years of service.   Pine Bluff was blessed to have a guardian the likes of Kevin Collins.  Now his watch on Earth is over. He is looking down on us from above.  May he rest in peace.   