 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, in the beginning of September, the  Congressional Budget Office issued its latest budget outlook. The news  wasn't good. CBO announced that next year our country's debt is  projected to exceed the amount of our gross domestic product. In other  words, the size of our debt will be greater than the size of our  economy. That is a very bad position to be in.   Countries with that kind of debt-to-GDP ratio face time-sensitive  decisions if they want to avert an all-out economic crisis. Greece is  just one recent example. We all know the kind of economic devastation  and accompanying turmoil that Greece has experienced in recent years.   Now, as the United States, we can probably hang on a little longer  than most other countries before entering a full-blown debt crisis. It  is helpful that our economy was surging before being waylaid by the  onset of the coronavirus, but even we can't hang on forever. Sooner or  later, if we don't address the size of our soaring debt, we are going  to have a problem--a lot of problems, in fact.   That is not something most of my colleagues across the aisle want to  hear. They would like to spend as much as they want, whenever they  want, on whatever new government program that they have come up with,  and they imply that Republicans are miserly for not wanting to join  them.   Republicans, Democrats imply or sometimes say, just don't care about  the ordinary Americans who would supposedly benefit from Democrats'  spending. In fact, the opposite is true. In the face of the pandemic,  Republicans have been willing to spend huge sums to help our fellow  Americans weather this crisis, and Republicans are worried about our  spending and our debt precisely because we care deeply about ordinary  Americans. We know what the consequences of unchecked debt and spending  can be, and we want to protect Americans from those consequences.   To start with, the larger our debt grows, the more interest we are  likely to have to pay--and we are already paying a lot. Right now, we  are paying roughly $484 billion a year in interest on our debt. That is  a substantial chunk of our yearly budget, and that is money that could  otherwise be going to other priorities.   And the problem has only snowballed. By 2029, the yearly interest on  our debt is projected to reach $807 billion, according to one estimate.  Now, that is going to eat up a lot--a lot--of money that could  otherwise be spent on important investments: healthcare, veterans,  infrastructure, defense, seniors, education. We would have a lot more  money to devote to those priorities if we weren't paying hundreds of  billions in interest each year on our debt.   Then there are the economic consequences of a huge debt: The economy  will struggle. Unemployment will grow. Businesses will create fewer  jobs, if they create jobs at all. Wages and benefits will likely  stagnate. The stock market will struggle.   We have had to borrow a lot of money this year to meet the  coronavirus crisis, and there is no doubt it is money we needed to  borrow. That happens sometimes during a crisis. But we need to be very  aware of the fact that we have driven up our deficit by $3.3 trillion  just this fiscal year, further increasing our Nation's debt, and we  need to be very careful about any additional borrowing and ensure we  are borrowing only what is absolutely necessary.   Republicans have caught a lot of flak from Democrats for not being  willing to use the coronavirus as an excuse for unchecked government  spending, including for noncoronavirus-related measures, but we have  made a priority of scrutinizing additional spending because we don't  want to get our country out of one economic crisis only to plunge it  into another. Unfortunately, that is a lesson that is lost on many of  my Democratic colleagues.   We think the debt is bad now, and it is, but it is nothing like what  our debt will look like if Democrats take Congress and the White House  in November and start putting some of their bigger spending plans into  effect--plans like Medicare for All, which would cost, as a  conservative estimate, $32 trillion over 10 years; or the Green New  Deal, Democrats' $93 trillion boondoggle.   That is right, Madam President; you didn't mishear that. The Green  New Deal is estimated to cost over $93 trillion over 10 years. To put  that in perspective, the size of the entire Federal budget in 2019 was  $4.4 trillion, or substantially less than the cost of 1 year of the  Green New Deal.   Now, you might think a pie-in-the-sky fantasy like the Green New Deal  would have been abandoned by Democrats by now, but you would be wrong.  More than a year after its introduction, it is apparently still going  strong.   Yesterday, I spoke on the floor about Democrats' threat to eliminate  the legislative filibuster in the Senate, and that is the Senate rule  that helps ensure that bills that come before the Senate require  bipartisan cooperation.   Shortly before I spoke, the Senator from Massachusetts, who  introduced the Green New Deal resolution in the Senate, appeared on  National Public Radio, where he was asked whether he thought there were  any parts of the Green New Deal that could attract bipartisan support.  The Senator's response: The whole thing needs to be enacted--and if  Republicans don't allow that to happen, Democrats should change the  Senate rules to eliminate the legislative filibuster.   Apparently, Democrats aren't willing to even moderate their proposal.  If the Senator from Massachusetts has his way, Democrats will shove the  entire $93 trillion down the throats of the American people. I guess  the American people will just have to survive the resulting debt  crisis.   When you ask about the pricetag for Democrats' socialist fantasies,  Democrats will make noise about somehow paying for it. We will tax the  rich, they say. The rich, they say, aren't paying their fair share. The  problem, of course, is that increasing taxes on the rich isn't going to  pay for these proposals.   You could tax not only the rich but a good portion of middle class at  rates nearly 100 percent and not come up anywhere close to getting $93  trillion that would be necessary to pay for the Green New Deal.   There is, in fact, no way to pay for these proposals. They will be  financed by enormous additions to our national debt, and ordinary  Americans will suffer the consequences: a shrinking economy, fewer  jobs, lost jobs, lower wages, lack of opportunity, and much more.   I hope we will take action on our debt before it is too late. One  thing we have to consider is how to shore up and protect Social  Security and Medicare, which are currently the main drivers of our  national debt. Thanks to an aging Baby Boomer population, these  programs are under a great deal of strain.   My colleague from Utah, Senator Romney, recently introduced  legislation, called the TRUST Act, to begin to address these endangered  trust funds and to start to rein in our national debt. Bipartisan  legislation like this would be a good start to preventing our country  from facing an economic crisis in the coming decades.   The Republican Senators sponsoring the legislation were joined by a  handful of Democrats, which gives me hope that perhaps not all of my  Democratic colleagues are determined to explode our national debt with  their socialist fantasies.   Unfortunately, too many Democrats--including the Democrats' Vice  Presidential candidate--are open to bankrupting Americans with the  Green New Deal and other plans. I hope they will not have the chance to  implement their legislation because our economy and the American people  might never recover from the consequences.   I yield floor.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from West Virginia (Mrs. Capito).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from West Virginia (Mrs. Capito).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from West Virginia (Mrs. Capito).    Reserving the right to object. On behalf of my colleague  Senator Lee, who cannot be here to object on his own because he is  chairing an Energy subcommittee hearing, I object.    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from West Virginia (Mrs. Capito).    The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator  from West Virginia (Mrs. Capito).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from North Carolina (Mr. Burr) and the Senator from West Virginia (Mrs.  Capito).   