 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise today to once again call upon  the Senate to take immediate and urgent action to prevent Russia or any  other foreign power from interfering in our 2020 elections. Since the  last time I came to the Senate floor to talk about this issue, it has  become only more urgent. The clock is ticking, and each day that goes  by without the Senate taking action, this body becomes more complicit  in the hijacking of our democracy by Vladimir Putin or other foreign  powers that try to interfere in our elections.   Just in the last week, we have seen significant new developments. We  know that the intelligence community briefed the House Intelligence  Committee about ongoing Russian interference in our current elections.   We also know that upon learning about that briefing, upon hearing  that the intelligence community was doing its job in keeping Congress  informed about election interference, President Trump erupted upon  hearing the news. He did not want the House of Representatives to know  what the Russians were up to.   We know that soon after that briefing, President Trump  unceremoniously fired his Acting Director of National Security, Joseph  Maguire, who is a military veteran and a career public servant of great  integrity. All of that, we know. And we know that President Trump  replaced Mr. Maguire with an Acting Director who has no prior  experience in the intelligence community and whose only qualification  appears to be to tell President Trump what President Trump wants to  hear when it comes to intelligence information or other matters.   None of us should be surprised to learn that the Russians are  interfering again in our elections. They did it in 2016. That was the  unanimous verdict of all our U.S. intelligence agencies. In fact, that  was the verdict by the head of agencies who had been appointed by  President Trump. That was also the bipartisan finding of the Senate  Intelligence Committee. They found that there was some level of Russian  interference in the 2016 elections in every State in the country, all  50 States. It was also the well-documented conclusion in the Muller  report that brought a number of indictments against Russian operatives  of the GRU.   Just last November, the leaders of the intelligence agencies--again,  leaders appointed by the current President--all warned the Congress and  the American people that the Russians and other foreign powers would  seek to interfere in our elections in 2020. Those agencies included the  heads of the NSA, the CRA, the FBI, the DNI, and others. Last November,  all of them warned us about expected Russian interference in our  elections. So it really should be no surprise that we learned last week  of a briefing in the House where the intelligence community said: We  told you so.   We have determined that the Russians are interfering right now in the  ongoing 2020 elections. That shouldn't be surprising. What is  surprising and what is shocking is that the Congress has done virtually  nothing to prevent it. Think about that. We were warned in 2016. We  have been warned repeatedly since then that the Russians are going to  interfere in our 2020 elections. We now have a briefing about ongoing  interference and still nothing. What does the President do in response  to that information? He fires the head of the intelligence community.  He fires him because he doesn't want him to tell Congress what the  Russians are doing.   Just last month, in February, the Senate Intelligence Committee  issued another report. It was another bipartisan report. What they did  was they went back to look at what happened in  [[Page S1140]]  the 2016 elections--specifically in the lead-up to the 2016 elections-- and asked themselves the question: Why, when we learned that there was  some Russian interference, did we not notify and alert the country?   Their findings were interesting. They found that there were various  political reasons. People had concerns about making that information  public. In fact, the Republican leader, the majority leader here, was  one of those who said: No, we should not inform the American people  about that interference.   The Senate Intelligence Committee drew lessons from that, saying: We  shouldn't be caught once again unprepared. That is what they said in  the report just last month, and now we are sitting here today with the  intelligence community telling us the Russians are interfering right  now as we speak, and we are doing nothing about it. Our democracy is  under attack, and we are just pretending things are going on as normal.  You would think we would all agree that when our democracy is under  attack, we should unify immediately and take every action necessary to  prevent that.   What could and should we do?   We should harden our election systems. We should make sure that  voting systems around the country are harder to hack. We should make  sure that voter registration information is harder to hack, and we have  dedicated some additional resources to that. We haven't done enough,  but we have taken some small steps in that direction, as we should.   This is a situation in which the best defense is a good offense, and  as long as Vladimir Putin and the Russians don't pay any price at all  for interfering in our elections, it should be no surprise that they  are going to keep on doing it. It is cost-free to them. In fact, they  are gaining major benefits, and we see them around the country. They  are succeeding in helping to divide Americans against one another. They  are succeeding in undermining public confidence in the democratic  system. That is exactly what Vladimir Putin wants to do here in the  United States and among our allies in Europe and elsewhere around the  world.   What should we do about it?   After we learned of what happened in 2016, Senator Rubio and I  introduced a bipartisan bill. It is called the DETER Act. In addition  to Senator Rubio and me, we have Republican and Democratic cosponsors.   What does the bill do?   It is pretty straightforward. It says to Vladimir Putin and other  foreign powers: If we catch you interfering in a future election, you  will pay a price. That price will be immediate, and it will be severe.  So, if you are thinking about what benefits you might gain from  interfering in an American election, you will know there will also be a  big price to pay.   That is the legislation that Senator Rubio and I introduced back in  2017. It has not gotten a vote here in the U.S. Senate. It has not  gotten it. It didn't have a vote in the last Congress, so we  reintroduced it in this Congress.   Now, last fall, when we were taking up the National Defense  Authorization Act, the NDAA, the Senate agreed that part of our  national defense meant defending our democracy and part of our  defending our democracy meant defending the integrity of our elections.  So we unanimously, by a voice vote here in the Senate, said that the  Defense authorization bill should include a provision like the DETER  Act, that it should include a provision that says to the Russians and  other foreign powers: If we catch you interfering in an election, there  will be a severe price to pay.   When I talk about a severe price, I mean sanctions on their  economies, sanctions on their major banks, sanctions on the energy  sectors--real economic pain, not imposing sanctions on a few oligarchs,  but real pain. That is what the Senate said we should do as part of the  NDAA, the National Defense Authorization Act.   Guess what happened?   When the conferees--when the negotiators--went behind closed doors,  the White House essentially told the Senate conferees: Huh-uh, we don't  want you adopting these important protections--protections to defend  the integrity of our democracy.   So, despite that unanimous Senate vote, it just disappeared in the  middle of the night from the negotiations over the Defense  authorization bill.   What do we do?   The clock is ticking, and it is time for the Senate to do now what it  said it wanted to do when we unanimously passed that motion to instruct  the conferees to pass something like the DETER Act as part of the  Defense bill, and we are, right now, engaged in ongoing discussions  with the chairman of the Senate Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs  Committee to try to finally get this bill--this bipartisan bill--out of  the U.S. Senate. I hope we make progress because what appears to be the  situation is that the White House is essentially putting up a massive  roadblock to progress on this matter.   It is not our job in the U.S. Senate to simply do the bidding of this  President or of any other President. It is the duty of this Senate to  protect our democracy against what we know is an ongoing attack on the  integrity of our elections.   That is why I am here on the floor right now, because we just got the  news last week that everything we had been warned about in terms of  expected Russian interference in our 2020 elections is coming true. So  we have a missile aimed at the integrity of our elections, and the  Senate is doing nothing about it. It is unbelievable and grossly  negligent to know, in realtime, that our elections are being undermined  and to take no action.   I just want to say to my colleagues that, if we don't move forward on  the bipartisan DETER Act in the coming days and make progress in the  coming days, I will be back here on the Senate floor next week, and I  will ask for unanimous consent to bring it up. If Senators want to come  down here in the light of day and say no--no to bipartisan legislation  that protects our democracy--they can do that, but we are going to keep  at this, and with every day that goes by, we learn more about what is  happening now.   I close with what I said before: We should not be surprised that  Vladimir Putin is interfering in our elections. He did it in 2016, and  we have been told ever since then that he will do it again. What is  surprising and shocking and grossly negligent is that this body has not  taken action to date to protect our democratic process. We are going to  keep fighting until we get that done.    Yes, I would be delighted to entertain a question.    I thank the Senator from Rhode Island for the  question.   All I can say is we have seen a pattern from this President. We saw  this President, President Trump, in Helsinki a few years ago, standing  next to Vladimir Putin, and our President was the one who threw our  intelligence community under the bus. He said he trusted Vladimir Putin  when Putin told him, Don't worry, President Trump. We didn't interfere  in your elections.   President Trump said: OK. I think President Putin may be right about  our intelligence community.     He did, and we have seen that pattern over and over  again.   We just learned of this briefing that took place in the House of  Representatives this week. The response from President Trump was not,  Oh, my goodness. Let's pass this legislation. It was to fire the guy  who was in charge of the intelligence community.  [[Page S1141]]    So what do you think?   It is a mystery to all of us as to why the President is taking this  action other than the fact that, of course, he did call on Russia in  the last election and welcomed its support. We all saw him on national  television when he did that.    I am glad Senator Whitehouse made that distinction  with respect to the Mueller report.   It is true that they did not find a criminal conspiracy, meaning they  did not find some agreement between the Trump campaign and the Russians  to interfere, but they found plenty of evidence of the Trump campaign's  welcoming the intervention from the Russians.   Of course, we have more recently seen President Trump spreading the  conspiracy theories that were launched by Vladimir Putin that it was  not the Russians who interfered in the 2016 elections: Oh, my God. It  was the Ukrainians who interfered in the 2016 elections.   There is this famous videotape now of Vladimir Putin's saying: Thank  God, they are not blaming the Russians anymore. They are blaming the  Ukrainians.   Translation: Thank God our propaganda is working, and even the  President of the United States and some Members of the House of  Representatives are parroting our conspiracy theory, the ones that we  cooked up.   It is really alarming that a foreign government--someone like  Vladimir Putin--is so successful in spreading its misinformation within  our system.    I thank the Senator for his questions.   