 Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend, the chairman of  the Foreign Affairs Committee, and I thank my friend, the ranking  member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, for their good work.   I understand we have a difference of opinion, and I do deeply respect  my friend from Texas and his substantive and thoughtful contributions  to our foreign policy debate in our committee, but I must disagree with  the argument that we ought to be focused on only one thing right now.   As grave as the coronavirus crisis is--and I would be happy to talk  about that and the missteps of this administration in making it worse-- Congress is the people's body. We are here defending the legislative  branch of government and its constitutional role on matters of war and  peace. What could be more serious?   The fact that we are here the third time doesn't make it any less  grave or serious. It underlines the importance of the issue and the  fact that many of us in this body are going to continue to be here on  the floor until Congress reasserts the role the chairman outlined for  us that is the constitutional role.   We have allowed way too much power to gravitate to the executive  branch. We have abrogated our responsibilities here in Congress for  decades. We like having it both ways. We tsk-tsk when the executive  branch, we think, crosses the line, but we don't want to take  responsibility for it.   This resolution asks Congress to do just that: stand up and take  responsibility, while holding the executive branch accountable.   President Trump ordered a provocative and disproportionate drone  strike that killed the Iranian Quds Forces commander, Major General  Qasem Soleimani, a bad actor, but that begs the question: Should we  have done it?   And, oh, by the way, what level of consultation and intelligence  ought to be shared with the legislative branch that has constitutional  responsibility for matters of war and peace?   We know the administration had to do some fast footwork to  rationalize why now, why him, why there, and, oh, by the way, what are  the consequences of doing that? In all of those questions, even with a  formal briefing of Congress, the administration simply did not have  good answers. In fact, they had contradictory answers.   Taking Soleimani out, my friend from Texas says, was a good thing.  Well, it is not without consequences. We evacuated nonessential  personnel from Iraq as a consequence of that move because of the terror  threat. One hundred U.S. military personnel suffered brain damage or  head damage because of the retaliatory strikes on the U.S. base in  Iraq. These things have consequences.    Madam Speaker, reining in the administration is the  right thing to do until and unless we get answers and debate and  intelligence provided to the legislative branch for justification as we  move forward.   The idea that we are not at war with Iran so it is actually a  redundant or unnecessary conversation, I think, is not an argument. In  fact, now is precisely the time to constrain the executive branch, to  set boundaries, to make sure they understand that Congress reasserting  itself will set boundaries and legitimate barriers for proceeding down  that road without first coming to the legislative branch as, indeed,  Franklin Delano Roosevelt did in 1941, walking right down, with great  difficulty, that aisle, asking Congress to declare war; and, indeed,  Congress listened and responded. That is how it ought to work.   