 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this is what I have considered to be--and  I have heard my friend from the Democratic side, the minority side, say  the same thing, that this is the most significant bill that we pass  every year.   It is the NDAA, the National Defense Authorization Act. This will be  the 60th year--is it the 60th or 61st year?    OK. It is the 60th year that we have passed this, and it  has passed every year. There were a few moments there where I thought  maybe it wasn't going to pass this year and we would set a record.  Senator Reed and I don't want to set that kind of record. We want to  make sure we get this done.   The reason this is important is this is the blueprint. This tells us  what we are going to be doing with our troops. I could make an argument  that it is really--we are in the most dangerous situation, I think,  that we have been in before. I have often talked about the good old  days when we had the Cold War with two superpowers. We knew what the  Soviet Union had; they knew what we had. Mutually assured destruction  meant something at that time.   But now it is different in a lot of respects because you have rogue  countries out there that have weapons and have abilities to wipe out  nations. That is why it is so significant.   So, anyway, we suffered through a little bit of a problem back during  the Obama administration, during the last 5 years, which would have  been from 2010 to 2015. In his budget, he downgraded the military by 25  percent, and that is the same time, during that timeframe, that China  increased theirs by 83 percent.   So it is a scary world out there, and it is one that, to me, I have  no doubt that this is the most important bill that we will pass all  year because we have got our kids, and they are out there right now.  They are in the trenches, and we have to support them. That is what it  is all about.   I do want to mention how many people are involved in this thing. We  are actually starting this right now. We are starting next year's NDAA.  So this started a year ago. The ones working on this--you have Liz King  and John Bonsell heading up the minority and majority part of the  committee, doing a great job and working every weekend--almost every  weekend--with a very large staff, all specialists in certain areas. And  they have got the bill.   So I am very proud of the bill that we have this year. I think that  it passed, when it passed in the Senate, it was 84 to--I think it was  84 to 14, I think it was. I think there were a couple of people not  here. But that is the largest--that doesn't happen very often, to pass  a bill with those margins, and we did.   So this is a long tradition. We have got to support our troops. They  are in there doing the right thing. It has been a joy, personally, for  me to be working with Senator Reed, and we have, together, kind of  provided the leadership on this thing. We didn't work as hard as the  staff did. I admit that. But we were there, and I am very proud of this  bill.   So right now we have kids that are overseas, and they deserve the pay  that was increased--that would be increased when this bill is passed.  Right now, we have critical areas like pilots and engineers, doctors,  that are in short supply because of the fact that we have had, up until  the pandemic, a good and probably, I would argue, the best economy we  have had in my lifetime.   Well, that is good news, of course, but it is bad news in one way  because it is hard to keep the people in those critical fields--pilots,  for example. They have an opportunity to get out and do things that  are--there are jobs out there that are paying a lot more. So we have to  have them on the flight hours if something happens. And they are out-- there are a lot of jobs on the outside that are paying more. So we just  have to make sure that we keep the resources in the right place to do  the right job.   So I think this is the--I know this procedural vote today is going to  bring us, in the next couple of days, to pass the Defense authorization  bill.   It is all about the guys and gals in the field. We owe it to them.  This is going to be the 60th year. I anticipate that this is going to  pass with very large numbers.   With that, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, let me elaborate a little bit on something  that my good friend from Rhode Island said about China.   I think it is very, very significant that we realize that this is the  toughest bill on China that has ever been  [[Page S7982]]  passed. That didn't come just from me; that came from the American  Enterprise Institute, which has all the credibility in the world. They  talk about the serious things that are going on, and they actually said  this bill has the most substantial and consequential China-related  provisions since--in, probably, history.   That is significant because all of us remember--I know that Senator  Reed and I have both spent time in the South China Sea, the seven  islands that they are doing right now. China--it is illegal, but they  have taken over--no, they have created seven islands in the South China  Sea. When you go down there, it looks as if, on those islands, they are  preparing for World War III. A lot of our allies in that area are very  much concerned because they are making a lot more noise than we are,  and they are demonstrating very clearly some of the things that they do  that we haven't done. Hypersonics is an example. That is a state-of- the-art thing that we do in modernizing our military equipment and  abilities. It has been very successful, but they are still ahead of us,  so we are in catchup mode.   I would say this: When you go and you look and you see the buildups  that they have--I can remember--it wasn't long ago that every time  China got involved in any kind of an effort, they did it from their own  city limits there. Now they are all over Djibouti, Tanzania, and all  around the world.   We made this bill to establish the Pacific Deterrence Initiative.  That is $2.2 billion for foreign posture to put ourselves in the  position where we are going to pass, with this bill--we will pass  China, and then we will be shifting the supply chains away from China-- semiconductors and printed circuit boards, the pharmaceuticals-- stimulating the U.S. economy, protecting weapons systems and our  troops, and bringing China's malign national security activities into  light to make sure everybody knows what they are doing there.   We have a new report in this bill on the true China defense security  spending, new assessments of China's industrial base, new list of  Chinese companies operating in the United States and making it more  difficult for them to do that. It is all in this bill. There is a new  report on the fishing fleets they have out there. It extends the  successful China Military Power Report, supports Taiwan and a new plan  against--that is better than anything we have ever done before.   Yesterday, I put this into the record--all the things that we are  doing just concentrating on the threat that is posed to the United  States from the country of China. It is all in this bill. So this is  something we have taken great pride in because we recognize the threat  that is posed to our country from the Chinese.   This is a good bill. It is one that deserves overwhelming support. I  will say one more time that a lot of work went into this from both  sides of the aisle. We were in agreement on it with huge margins of  support in both Chambers of the House and the Senate. We will have a  chance to move procedurally toward that and make that a reality before  the end of the week.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   