 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, over the past 3 months, as Americans  stayed home and forfeited their routines and their livelihoods to  combat the spread of the virus, as essential workers risked their  safety and their families' safety, as 50 million Americans filed  unemployment claims, as small businesses folded, and as the disease  spread rapidly through the summer, the Republican majority paused on  addressing COVID-19 while it confirmed more rightwing judges. Americans  pitched in and sacrificed, and many suffered greatly while the Senate  Republicans kept their assembly line  [[Page S4555]]  of extreme judicial nominees humming along and did little else.   Now, after an interminable delay, the Senate Republicans have finally  admitted that the country needs relief, but they can't even get their  act together to produce a halfway legitimate legislative proposal. We  all witnessed a week and a half of infighting on the Republican side as  the country careened toward several cliffs created by Republican delay.  The Republicans bickered amongst themselves as the moratorium on  evictions expired, State and local governments shed jobs and cut public  services, and the last enhanced unemployment checks went out the door.   When the Republicans finally convinced themselves they were ready to  unveil a plan, instead of presenting a single, coherent bill, the  Republicans released several incongruent drafts that were littered with  corporate giveaways, K Street handouts, and Presidential pet projects.   Some Republicans proposed billions of dollars for large  agribusinesses and defense contractors but not a dime to help American  families stay in their homes. The Republican bill has a tax break for  three-martini lunches but no food assistance for hungry kids. There is  $2 billion for a new FBI building, the location of which will increase  the value of the Trump hotel, but no funding to help State and local  governments retain teachers, firefighters, busdrivers, and other public  employees. There is no support for Medicaid, for nursing homes, or for  those with disabilities.   The proposals to support our health system and to meet our testing  needs are wildly insufficient.   If you are one of the 20 to 30 million Americans who lost their jobs  through no fault of their own and you can't find work, Senate  Republicans think you have it too good right now. You should take a 30- percent pay cut, Republicans are saying.   This is not a serious proposal for a country in the midst of a once- in-a-generation crisis. So, as you can imagine, when reviews started  rolling in yesterday, they weren't too positive. One Republican Senator  said: ``There are 100 problems with the plan.'' Another Republican:  ``It is a mess. I can't figure out what this bill is about.'' Another  Republican of this Chamber said: ``You look at the package that was  rolled out by the Republican leadership, and it contains virtually  nothing that will actually aid in the recovery.'' Those would be harsh  criticisms if they came from Democrats, but those quotes weren't from  Democrats; those were Republican Senators talking about their own  party's plan.   Two senior Republican Senators have said that the Republican proposal  would be lucky to get even half of the Republican conference to vote  for it. Leader McConnell warned Democrats against blocking the  Republican proposal. It turns out that Senate Republicans are blocking  the Republican proposal.   So it is abundantly clear that the Senate Republican proposal for the  next phase of COVID relief is not a useful starting point. You don't  have to take my word for it; just ask President Trump, who took the  podium yesterday afternoon and called the Senate Republican proposal  ``semi-irrelevant.'' At this point, I am beginning to wonder who does  support the Republican proposal on COVID-19.   So here is where we are. We need to turn the page on the Republican  proposal--and quickly. The legislative train wreck by Senate  Republicans cannot derail our efforts to provide urgent, comprehensive,  and necessary relief to the American people.   Speaker Pelosi and I have started negotiating with Chief of Staff  Meadows and Secretary Mnuchin. We want to work with our Republican  colleagues and the White House on a bill that actually meets the needs  of the American people in these unprecedented times, but it is going to  take good faith and compromise. We are not hearing that from Leader  McConnell.   Leader McConnell is already drawing lines in the sand, insisting that  any agreements include his specific corporate immunity provision--no  negotiation. Put this provision--extreme provision--in the bill without  negotiation. That sure doesn't sound like someone who wants to reach a  bipartisan agreement. We are going to need everyone to pull together.  We are going to need to focus on the needs of the American people.   With all due respect to the Republican leader, Americans on the brink  of eviction are not crying out for a sweeping corporate liability  shield. No one should be willing to torpedo all the relief Americans  are counting on unless there is a giant corporate giveaway attached.   Time is short. Speaker Pelosi and I will be back at the negotiating  table with the White House later today. It is time for our Republican  colleagues to roll up their sleeves and get serious as well.   One final point on this subject. Again this morning, the Republican  leader continued his ``Alice in Wonderland'' interpretation of what has  happened. When what has happened is black, he says white. When what has  happened is white, he says black. He is totally the opposite of the  truth on what has happened.   He has suggested that Democrats might be trying to block progress on  COVID relief because it might suit our party in the election, that we  Democrats had decided to stop legislating until November--I mean,  shocking stuff.   Over 10 weeks ago, Democrats--Democrats--passed a bill three times  the size of the Republican proposal that was more generous and  beneficial to the American people on nearly every measure. Leader  McConnell dismissed it. Senate Democrats spent the entire month of June  asking our Republican colleagues, including Leader McConnell, to pass  crucial legislation related to jobs, healthcare, and small business. We  went on the floor and made those requests. Republicans blocked every  single one--nearly every single one of those requests. So this absurd,  nasty insinuation by the Republican leader doesn't pass the laugh test.   The fact that Leader McConnell would even consider the idea that a  political party might deny support for the American people in order to  help win an election says more about the Republican leader than anybody  else   