 Mr. President, I am on the floor today to pay tribute to  friends and colleagues who will be leaving the Senate at the start of  the new Congress.   I consider Lamar Alexander, who spoke yesterday, to be a friend and a  mentor. He is an institution around here. He is what I would consider  an old-school Senator in the best way. He not only takes the time to  learn the issues, but he also understands how to explain the importance  of the policies that we work on up here to the people back home. By  embodying the principles of collegiality and bipartisanship, he has  accomplished a lot for the people of Tennessee and all Americans.   In the Senate, you need 59 other Senators to say ``That is a good  idea'' to get anything accomplished. It is critical, then, to get to  know your colleagues, learn about how to work with them constructively  to get things done. Lamar Alexander is masterful at that.   We have accomplished a lot under his leadership on a lot of important  issues. In the interest of time, I will mention two recent examples  where I worked with Lamar and watched him make a difference in the  lives of all Americans.   First, his 21st Century Cures Act, which passed back in 2016,  provided needed authorization for investments in the National  Institutes of Health and other research institutions to help create new  breakthroughs in treatments and cures for cancer, Alzheimer's, and  other diseases, as well as advancements in developing medical  treatments tailored to each person's individual genome. It was  groundbreaking work.   It probably got less notice, but it also authorized an unprecedented  amount of funding in the State opioid response grants to combat opioid  epidemics that have hit almost all of our States. Certainly, it has hit  Ohio and Tennessee hard. This has served as an absolutely exceptional  complement to what is called the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery  Act, which we passed earlier that year. Without the 21st Century Cures  Act, we would not have made the progress we have achieved in the past  few years in turning the tide of this deadly disease, and I have seen  it firsthand in my State and around the country.   We also could not have accomplished the landmark Restore Our Parks  Act without his help. This bill, now law, will help to rebuild our  national park infrastructure by helping to address that backlog of $12  billion now in maintenance projects. Over 100,000 jobs will be created  in the next 5 years due to this legislation.   Lamar didn't care about getting the credit for this historic bill, by  the way--probably the most important bill for conserving lands in 50  years. He just wanted to get it done. I saw that as he worked  tirelessly in public and behind the scenes to ensure we got it across  the finish line.   Jane and I have cherished our time together with you and Honey,  Lamar, and we hope that will continue.   Here in the Senate, we will miss your experience, your wisdom, your  spirit of bipartisanship, and your perseverance and determination to  advance our country's priorities and get things done.   Another colleague who has focused on results is Senator Mike Enzi, a  true son of Wyoming, who has represented his home State with class in  this Chamber for nearly a quarter of a century. Mike is someone I have  gotten to know and respect over the past decade as we have served  together here in the Senate.   In his time here on the Hill, Mike has accomplished a lot for  Wyoming. As chair of the HELP Committee, he helped lead the way on  crucial pension reforms--complicated stuff but really important. He  promoted greater access to education and affordable healthcare and  pushed for improvements to workplace safety. He was always willing to  reach across the aisle.   Over the past three Congresses, he has embraced his past life as an  accountant and used his position as chair of the Senate Budget  Committee to push for smarter spending here in Washington. That is a  perspective we will really miss in this time of exploding deficits.   I have to say, I am a bit envious of Mike's post-Senate career plans.  As he tells me, he is going back to Wyoming to spend time with Diana  and his wonderful family and to spend more time on the rivers of  Wyoming with his fly rod.   Mike, I hope sometime soon I will be able to come out to Gillette to  join you and Diana so you can show me your favorite fishing spots.  Congratulations on a well-deserved retirement.   We are saying goodbye to another giant of the Senate this year when  Senator Pat Roberts leaves us. I saw Senator Roberts on the floor here  a moment ago. I see him now.   I view Pat Roberts as the Matt Dillon of the United States Senate.  Matt Dillon, for those of you who know who he was, was a resident of  Dodge City, just like Pat, and like Marshal Dillon and the marine he is  proud to be, Pat knows how to lay down the law. But he does it with  humor and smiles and a wink, and he does it in a way with that dry  Kansas sense of humor that is very effective. By the way, he is always  looking for Miss Kitty.   He has used that combination of toughness and hard work and humor to  accomplish a lot here in Congress. Pat's focus has always been on the  people of Kansas. He has done a lot for the people of Kansas, but his  work went far beyond Kansas.   It turns out he is the only person in America to have chaired the  Agriculture Committee both in the House  [[Page S7196]]  and in the Senate. His tireless work to pass farm bills over those  years to help growers and ranchers has made him a friend to farmers  everywhere, even in Ohio.   Just as important was his work as chair of the Senate Intelligence  Committee. Some may not recall this, but he is the one who spearheaded  the reforms to our intelligence services after 9/11 to avoid another  such tragedy.   Pat, I hope you and Franki get a well-deserved retirement, and I look  forward to continuing to stay in touch.   We are also going to be losing a relatively young and energetic  Member of our caucus here, who is also an accomplished bipartisan  legislator, when Cory Gardner leaves next year. With only a few short  years in the Senate here, Cory has proven he knows how to get things  done, using his background in the House and his friendships to be  effective for Colorado and the country. He is a smart guy, and we have  worked together on a lot of critical issues to address some of the  biggest issues facing our country.   Like almost all Coloradans, he loves the outdoors. His work for  conservation in the outdoors is something that I have had an  opportunity to work with him on, including the historic Great American  Outdoors Act, which was signed into law recently by the President. It  includes the Restore Our Parks Act, but also a passion of his was the  permanent funding for the Land and Water Conservation Fund, which has  been a long-sought goal of the conservation and environmental  community. Frankly, it could not have been done without Cory's  involvement--period.    Cory, we are going to miss your sunny disposition.   He may be the most optimistic Member of the U.S. Senate. He always  has a smile on his face. Even when things seem bad, he manages a way  for them to look good.   I will miss working with you on some of these important projects. I  wish you the very best as you start the next stage of your career.   We are also sad to see Martha McSally go. I have appreciated getting  to know her over the past couple of years. In a short period of time,  she was a passionate advocate for Arizona as a member of the Armed  Services Committee. She used her own trailblazing path as the first  female fighter pilot to have flown in combat to advocate for our men  and women in uniform. We worked together on bipartisan legislation, as  an example, to end cosmetics animal testing. She was involved in a lot  of different issues.   We want to thank you for all you have done in the Chamber, and I look  forward to staying in touch.   Senator Tom Udall has joined us here in the Chamber. I call Senator  Udall ``Cousin'' because of his cousin Mark Udall and our friendship.  Tom Udall has now served for 12 years in the U.S. Senate for the people  of New Mexico. I have gotten to know him over that time through our  work together on a number of different legislative projects. Most have  been around conservation and the environment. We have had a lot of  success in that regard.   We have been cochairs together of what is called the International  Conservation Caucus. There is legislation called the Tropical Forest  Conservation Act, which we have been able to work together on to get  reauthorized. This has been incredibly important legislation. Probably  the No. 3 or 4 source of CO2 emissions in the world is the  burning forest, and this has managed to save many millions of acres  from the burning by simply saying to these countries: We will do a  debt-for-nature swap with you. If you owe a debt to the United States-- which, by the way, many are unlikely to ever pay anyway--we will let  you use that in exchange for protecting your forest.   It has been remarkably successful. At a time when we seem to have a  lot of partisanship and fights around here about global warming and  climate change, this is one area in which we have been able to find  common ground, and that is because Tom has been willing to step up and  be a great partner in that.   He has also helped me pass legislation that requires that the U.S.  Postal Service use its inventory of the Save Vanishing Species stamps  to help protect the rich wildlife and natural resources that we have  and protect endangered species. This has resulted in $5 million to $6  million a year going toward that effort. Unfortunately, we have had to  convince the Postal Service to continue allowing that great source of  funding to be there for our vanishing species. Again, Tom has been very  helpful in that.   Even in these past months, we haven't stopped our work on  environmental issues. Earlier this year, we introduced the bipartisan  REPLANT Act to help the U.S. Forest Service address the growing  reforestation backlog across our country. This is supported by the  Trump administration. It is also supported by Tom Udall. Therefore, we  are hoping it can get done.   He leaves the Senate with a legacy of tirelessly working to protect  the natural beauty of his State and our country for future generations,  and we wish him well in the future as he and Jill continue to work on  those issues together.   Finally, our colleague Doug Jones is going to be departing after  serving the people of Alabama for the past couple of years. I have  gotten to know Doug through our bipartisan efforts that have focused on  standing up to unfair trade practices. Our Trade Security Act to reform  section 232, I think, is the right approach to be sure we hold those  accountable who violate our trade laws but to also do it in a way that  protects American jobs and strengthens our U.S. economy. I will miss  Doug as a bipartisan partner in that effort, and I appreciate his  working with us on those trade issues and other things.   The Senate is a body that is really driven by personal relationships  between 100 Members. Senators Alexander, Enzi, Roberts, Gardner,  McSally, Udall, and Jones have been key and valuable Members of that  100-person group, and we are going to miss them. They have all served  this body well as legislators and as people. They are of high  character. They are the kind of folks with whom you want to work, and  they have been effective because of that. They will be missed, and I  wish them all well.   I yield the floor.   