 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the Senate has taken up and will be voting  soon--I hope successfully--on watershed environmental legislation that  will provide for municipal, county, State, and national parks and  public spaces in America for generations to come.   This is legislation I have been working on for years--legislation  that I pushed hard to advance as chairman of the Senate Energy and  Natural Resources Committee and legislation for which I am now a  cosponsor.   The bill is going to repair public spaces, making them usable by all,  while creating new public spaces that reflect the continuing story that  is our great country.   In my view, when the Senate debates this kind of legislation, the  debate also has to include a discussion about a particularly important  topic, and that is jobs.   A major component of this bill is, of course, the Land and Water  Conservation Fund, which puts funding into natural wonders all over the  country, in cities and in rural areas. Today, I want to speak for a  moment specifically about those rural areas and rural economies.    The economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has hit so many of our  rural communities like a wrecking ball. These are communities that have  been struggling going back a long time, and building back up after  COVID-19 is going to be enormously challenging. So the Senate ought to  be looking at every good idea that can help get these rural economies  moving again.   The Land and Water Conservation Fund isn't just about opening up the  country's treasured areas for everyone to enjoy and to help people get  outdoors. It has a proven track record of boosting the economy in  communities near those lands. The Land and Water Conservation Fund is  the ultimate win-win approach because with this program you focus on  recreation that involves protecting our natural wonders and jobs. That  is a big step forward. So what I wanted to do was just spend a few  minutes talking about how we could do even more.   For some time now, I have been working with my colleagues from the  Pacific Northwest--Senator Crapo, Senator Merkley, and Senator Risch-- trying to help secure two economic lifelines for the rural communities  of the Northwest and for much of our Nation. I am talking about Secure  Rural Schools and Payments in Lieu of Taxes Programs. They are known as  SRS and PILT.   In the West, there are a lot of areas that have long depended on  resource extraction and a lot of areas made up of Federal lands. So we  went through a lot of boom-and-bust cycles that defined those economies  for generations, and nearly always those boom-and-bust cycles proved to  be harmful and unsustainable. So some time ago--a number of years ago-- former Senator Larry Craig and I wrote the bill that created the Secure  Rural Schools Program. It provided years and years of reliable revenue  for rural counties so they could plan budgets and provide services for  people who live in their borders.   But after a while, Secure Rural Schools got caught up in the  knockdown, back-and-forth fiscal battles that happen in Congress too  often. So once in a while, the program would lapse. It then meant that  from all over the country, county leaders from rural communities came  to Washington and had to plead for extensions of the Secure Rural  Schools Program that has always been successful and a model.   It involves local input. Extending this program should have been a  no-brainer all along. It expired just last year before Congress stepped  up at the last minute to reauthorize the program, but these start-and- stop authorizations do nothing for certainty.   I remember one year that to keep the Secure Rural Schools Program up,  the distinguished Senator from Alaska, Ms. Murkowski, and I were  involved in selling off the helium reserves. That gave us some money-- some key money--for the Secure Rural Schools Program in the West. I  remember when we sold off the helium reserves to get money for Secure  Rural Schools, a number of editorial writers out West had a lot of fun  with it and basically said: Well, we always knew Ron Wyden was full of  a lot of hot air.   The point is, we have got to end that cycle, that boom-and-bust  cycle, instead of going through these routines at the end of the  period, when Secure Rural Schools was helping the roads and schools.   I worked with Senator Crapo to propose reforms that would upgrade the  Secure Rural Schools Program into a stable, predictable source of  funding for rural counties. Our bill would establish a permanent  endowment fund, like funding for county economic development and roads  and schools. That is where the money goes. It goes into  [[Page S2846]]  economic development. It goes into roads and schools.   By the way, when you are helping those rural communities with their  budget, when they have those funds secure, it frees up money for them  for important things like mental health. We have certainly seen a  demand for mental health increase dramatically in the last few months.   After Congress makes an initial investment into the fund under our  proposal, which would establish a permanent endowment to provide  funding for county economic development into roads and schools-- Congress makes that initial investment into the fund--the principle  will be invested, and the interest will be used to make SRS payments to  counties. So you have Senator Crapo, Senator Merkley, Senator Risch,  and I proposing a way to move away from this roller coaster in the West  to upgrade Secure Rural Schools into a stable, predictable source of  funding. You have a permanent endowment fund that provides money for  the roads and the schools and the counties, and the principles are  invested, and the interest will be used to make SRS payments to  counties.   The proposal is backed by 100 percent of Oregon's U.S. Senators and  100 percent of Idaho's U.S. Senators--four U.S. Senators, two Democrats  and two Republicans, having worked closely with rural groups, the  National Associations of Counties, and others to advance this idea.   Our proposal also directs revenue-sharing payments from forest  management to be deposited into the endowment each year. That way, the  payments to the counties will grow, and the safety net they provide for  their constituents can expand.   In my view, these are the basics of an economic toolkit for rural  areas. If you focus on roads, if you focus on schools, if you make sure  that counties have the money for services so they can, for example,  take care of mental health needs, that is the key to building up rural  economies and helping to create good-paying jobs for residents.   Now, payments in lieu of taxes is a program that exists for similar  reasons. People who live in these rural counties dominated by public  lands also deserve support. They, too, rely on local governmental  services and deserve a safety net like everyone else. They ought to be  able to budget and plan and create jobs like bigger cities can. Our  amendment to really promote Secure Rural Schools and PILT would extend  PILT for 10 years to give these counties the certainty and  predictablity they need.   I am going to wrap up here in a moment, but I just hope that the  majority leader is going to set up a process for real debate on these  ideas and these amendments.   This is a bipartisan proposal. When we have offered in the past-- Senator Crapo, Senator Merkley, Senator Risch, and I and others--to  extend this program, we nearly always get at least 70 votes here in the  U.S. Senate because there is an awareness of how important it is that  these rural communities have certainty for schools and roads and basic  kinds of services that our efforts support.   The COVID-19 pandemic is causing enormous pain everywhere, but we  have seen big corporations--we talked about this yesterday in the  Finance Committee. Some colleagues think: Well, we ought to cut the  unemployment benefits in half, but it is fine to make available  trillions of dollars to the biggest corporations in America.   So the COVID pandemic is causing pain everywhere, but it seems to me,  with so many resources going to big corporations and powerful interests  in intensely populated areas, the U.S. Senate has an obligation to make  sure rural economies and rural workers and rural businesses aren't just  left behind. Upgrading Secure Rural Schools and extending PILT is a  targeted way to advocate for rural communities.   We are going to be home for several weeks in July, and my hope is to  be able to have conversations with folks in person in those areas. I  haven't been able to do as much of that. I have had 970 townhall  meetings in person, just there to be able to respond and answer  questions. So I really hope that we are going to be able to do that  again soon.   When we have those discussions, you can be very sure that, in those  rural communities, front and center will be Secure Rural Schools, and  front and center will be Payments in Lieu of Taxes. Folks will zero in  on those areas because they will say, as they have to me since Larry  Craig, our former colleague from Idaho, and I wrote this program: Ron,  what Secure Rural Schools is doing is giving us a chance to make sure  we have a real education program.   Before we got that program going, people thought they would have  school 3 days a week. So people will say: Ron, we need Secure Rural  Schools. We need it for education. It is a key to our roads program.   The roads program for these smaller counties is an absolute key to  being able to have rural life. Without those rural roads and without  rural schools, the heart of Secure Rural Schools, you can't have rural  life. So these two programs are a solution based on providing certainty  and predictability to help build thriving economies and good jobs in  rural areas.   I am going to keep pushing for support here in the Senate. I know my  colleagues Senator Crapo, Senator Merkley, and Senator Risch are going  to continue to do so as well.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   