 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I am an emergency physician trained in humanitarian  disaster aid and a public health expert, and I represent California's  36th Congressional District.   As a doctor, I am all too familiar with the devastation that  addiction to nicotine can cause, devastation such as strokes, heart  attack, COPD, and patients coming in with 100 percent oxygen because  they can't breathe without it. I have seen, firsthand, the health  decline in patients who tried nicotine as teenagers, who got addicted  and never quit.   When we talk about vaping, we need to make sure we identify three  different problems:   One is the problem of the acute respiratory distress syndrome, that  caused by open containers where they can mix different types of  chemicals, including THC, that have the vitamin E oils that can cause  severe lung damage that requires lung transplant. That is one issue.   Another issue is whether or not there is a public benefit or whether  or not vaping is safe. It is not. That is a general conversation.   This bill addresses the third issue, which is that kids using these  products are getting addicted at an alarming rate. The number of kids  using these products is disturbing to me as a Member of Congress, as a  physician, and as a parent of two young kids.   From 2017 to 2019, e-cigarette use doubled among high school students  and tripled among middle school students. There are 5 million kids  using e-cigarettes today, an increase of 3 million in just 2 years, and  the health effects of these are real and dangerous.    Cigarettes, no doubt, are the deadliest form of tobacco. No tobacco  product, however, is safe. Vape aerosol contains some of the same  chemicals found in cigarette smoke: chromium, formaldehyde, lead,  nickel, and tin.   Nicotine use changes an adolescent's brain cell activity affecting  attention, learning, behavior, and memory function.    Madam Speaker, research shows that you are more likely to  start smoking cigarettes if you vape, and using nicotine at an early  age means you are more likely to be addicted for life.   So we need to address and pass H.R. 2339, the Protecting American  Lungs and Reversing the Youth Tobacco Epidemic Act of 2019, because it  will help us reach the objective of reducing the youth vaping epidemic.   This bill also contains my bill, the NO VAPE Act, which will crack  down on retailers who sell these products to underaged youth.   It is my job as a public health expert and it is our job as Members  of Congress to ensure measures are put in place to prevent more  Americans from getting hooked on nicotine at an early age. So I urge a  vote on H.R. 2339, Protecting American Lungs and Reversing the Youth  Tobacco Epidemic Act of 2019, for the sake of our children and our  public's health.   