 Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague from North Carolina  for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the act.   Like many of my colleagues, I am committed to ensuring that all  consumers can have faith in the validity of their credit score.  Unfortunately, the bill fails to achieve that goal. It puts consumers  at greater risk of having their information stolen.   It threatens to increase the cost of credit by creating more  opportunities for trial lawyers and by making scores less protected.   Further, it expands the jurisdiction of the Consumer Financial  Protection Bureau, which is completely unaccountable to Congress.   Credit scores are an essential part of our financial system. Both  Republicans and Democrats, I believe, agree on that point. We also  agree that many Americans have difficulty accessing their credit due to  their poor or insufficient credit histories.   With that in mind, we should work together to enhance cybersecurity  at credit reporting agencies, reduce fraud, and help consumers get the  relief they need in times of crisis.   Our ranking member has been a leader on this issue, introducing  amendments and standalone legislation to move the ball forward.  Unfortunately, his ideas and the ideas of those on our side of the  aisle and other constructive suggestions have not been included in this  bill, making it a flawed bill. I urge my colleagues to oppose the  legislation.    Madam Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the  resolution of disapproval.   The Community Reinvestment Act is an important law that encourages  investments in places like Racine, Kenosha, and Janesville, and  communities in need across this country. But the rulings governing the  CRA haven't been updated since 1995.   In the last 25 years, the banking industry has undergone significant  changes. Small and medium-sized banks have consolidated and closed.  Branches have disappeared from some rural and low-income areas.  Technology has drastically affected the way millions of Americans are  conducting their banking.   The CRA needs to be updated to fit the banking system we have today  and to meet the needs of the communities in 2020. That is exactly what  the OCC is trying to do with the new rule.   The new CRA rule provides financial institutions with greater clarity  about which activities count for CRA credit and where that activity  needs to take place. It also takes into account the reality that many  banking activities are conducted online by giving banks that are  largely digital credit for investing in areas where they take deposits.   By implementing consistent, objective metrics, the new CRA rule also  makes it easier for examiners to measure the performance and to compare  institutions. This resolution of disapproval would block all that  progress, to the detriment of communities in need.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this resolution.   