 Mr. President, we are in our third week of the  impeachment trial right now. After thousands of documents being  reviewed and over a dozen witnesses that we have heard, well over 100  video testimony clips that we have gone through, we are nearing the  end.   The country is deeply divided on multiple issues right now, and the  impeachment trial is both a symptom of our times and another example of  our division.   The Nation didn't have an impeachment inquiry for almost 100 years,  until 1868, the partisan impeachment of Andrew Johnson.   Another impeachment wasn't conducted for over 100 years after that,  when the House began a formal impeachment inquiry into President Nixon  with an overwhelmingly bipartisan vote of 410 to 4.   Just a little over two decades later, there was another partisan  impeachment process--President Clinton, when he was impeached on an  almost straight partisan vote.   Tomorrow I will join many others to vote to acquit the President of  the United States. His actions certainly do not rise to the level of  removal from office. This is clearly another one of our partisan  impeachments, now the third in our history.   Over the past 3 years, the House of Representatives has voted four  times to open an impeachment inquiry: once in 2017, once in 2018, and  twice in 2019. Only the second vote in 2019 actually passed and turned  into an actual impeachment inquiry.   For 4 months the country has been consumed with impeachment hearings  and investigations. First, rumors of issues with Ukraine arose on  August 28, when POLITICO wrote a story about U.S. aid being slow-walked  for Ukraine, and then September 18, when the Washington Post released a  story about a whistleblower report that claimed President Trump  pressured an unnamed foreign head of state to do an investigation for  his campaign.   Within days of the Washington Post story, before the whistleblower  report came out, before anything was known, Speaker Pelosi announced  the House would begin hearings to impeach the President, which led to a  formal House vote to open an impeachment inquiry on October 31 and a  formal vote to impeach the President on December 18.   The House sent over two Articles of Impeachment, asking the Senate to  decide if the President should be removed from office and barred from  running for any future office in the United States--one on abuse of  power; the second on obstruction of Congress. Let me take those two in  order.   The abuse of power argument hinges on two things: Did the President  of the United States use official funds to compel the Ukrainian  Government to investigate Joe Biden's son and his work for the corrupt  natural gas company in Ukraine, Burisma, and did the President withhold  a meeting with President Zelensky until President Zelensky agreed to  investigate Joe Biden's son?   To be clear, the theory of the funds being withheld from Ukraine in  exchange for an investigation doesn't originate from that now-infamous  July 25 call. There is nothing in the text of the call that threatens  the withholding of funds for an investigation. The theory originates  from the belief of Ambassador to the European Union Gordon Sondland's-- what he said--presumption--and he repeated that over and over again-- presumption that the aid must have been held because of the President's  desire to get the Biden investigation done, since the President's  attorney--his private attorney--Rudy Giuliani was working to find out  more about the Biden investigation and Burisma.   Ambassador Sondland told multiple people about his theory. When he  actually called President Trump and asked him directly about it, the  President responded that there wasn't any quid pro quo. He just said he  wanted the President of Ukraine to do what he ran on and to do the  right thing.   Interestingly enough, that is the same thing that President Zelensky  said and his Defense Minister said and his chief of staff said. The aid  was held because there was legitimate concern about the transition of a  brand-new President in Ukraine and his administration in the early days  of his Presidency. An unknown on a world stage was elected, President  Zelensky, on April 21. His swearing-in date was May 21. During his  swearing-in, he also abolished Parliament and called for snap  elections. No one knew what he was going to do or what was going to  happen.   Those elections happened July 21 in Ukraine, where an overwhelming  number of President Zelensky's party won in Parliament. There was an  amazing transition in a relatively short period of time in Ukraine and  there were a lot of questions.   I will tell you, I was in Ukraine in late May of 2019, and our State  Department officials there certainly had questions on the ground about  the rapid transition that was happening in Ukraine. It was entirely  reasonable for there to be able to be a pause in that time period.  Those concerns were resolved in August and early September when the new  Parliament started passing anti-corruption laws, and Vice President  Pence sat down face-to-face with President Zelensky on September 1 in  Poland to discuss the progress and corruption and their progress on  getting other nations to help supply more aid to Ukraine.   As for the meeting with the President being withheld, as I just  mentioned, the Vice President of the United States met with President  [[Page S848]]  Zelensky on September 1. That meeting was originally scheduled to be  with the President of the United States and all the planning had gone  into it, and there was documentation for that. There was a meeting  happening between President Zelensky, which was actually the place and  date that he asked for to meet with President Trump, except in the  final moments of that and the final days leading up to it, Hurricane  Dorian approached the United States and that meeting had to be called  off by the President while he stayed here, so the Vice President went  in his stead.   There was no quid pro quo in a meeting. The meeting that was  requested actually occurred. It was interesting to note, as well, when  I researched the record about the aid dates for Ukraine in the past 3  years, I found out that, in 2019, the aid arrived in September. It is  interesting, from 2016 to 2018, the vast majority of military aid for  each of those years--2016, 2017, and 2018--also went to Ukraine in  September.   Well, it is easy to create an intricate story about the hold of  foreign aid. It is also clear that President Trump has held foreign aid  from multiple countries over the last 2 years, including Afghanistan,  Pakistan, Honduras, Guatemala, El Salvador, Lebanon, and others. There  is no question that a President can withhold aid for a short period of  time, but it has to be released by September 30, which it was to  Ukraine on time.   The hold did occur. There are messages back and forth about being  able to hold, but it is entirely reasonable to have the hold, and it  was such a short period of time--the aid arrived at the same time as it  usually did each of the past 3 years--that the Minister of Defense for  Ukraine actually stated that the hold was so short, they didn't even  know it.   What is interesting about this is this is stretched from not just an  ``abuse of power,'' but also ``obstruction of Congress.'' That is the  second Article of Impeachment. The House argument was that the  President didn't turn over every document and allow every witness  without submitting everything to Congress immediately. They argued  that, if the President challenged any subpoena, he was stalling, he was  acting guilty, and so it was grounds for impeachment.   Remember how fast this all happened. The investigation started  September 24. The official start of impeachment started October 31 and  ended on December 18, with a partisan vote in the House for  impeachment. If President Trump obstructed Congress because he didn't  turn over documents that didn't even have a legal subpoena within 2  months, then I would say President Obama was not impeached, but maybe  he should have been, though I don't think he should have been.   But you could argue in that same way because President Obama did not  honor three subpoenas in 3 years on the Fast and Furious investigation  when that happened. For 3 years, he stalled out, but there was no  consideration for impeaching President Obama because he shouldn't have  been impeached. He was working through the court system as things  moved.   This was a serious issue that became even more serious when the House  managers moved, not just to say that this is obstruction of Congress if  the President doesn't immediately submit, but they took this to a  different level by saying the President should not have access to the  courts at all, literally stating: Does the Constitution give the  legislative branch the power to block the executive branch from the  judicial branch?   House managers said, yes, they can rapidly move through a trial, then  bring the case to the Senate and have it only partially investigated  and then try to use the power of the Senate to block the executive  branch from ever going to court to resolve any issue. That has not been  done in the past, nor should it be. The President, like every other  citizen of the United States, should have access to the courts, and it  is not grounds for contempt of Congress to block the President from  ever trying to go to court to resolve issues that need to be resolved.  Every other President has had that right. This one should have had that  right as well.   This tale that President Trump thinks he is a King and doesn't want  to follow the law begs reality. Let me remind everyone of the Mueller  investigation, where 2,800 subpoenas were done in over 2\1/2\ years,  with 500 witnesses, including many of the President's inner circle. All  of those were provided. None of those were blocked by the  administration.    After 2\1/2\ years, the final conclusion was there was no conspiracy  between the President's campaign and the Russians. The President did  honor those subpoenas. The President has been very clear in multiple  court cases that he did not like it and he did not agree with it. He  has been outspoken on those, but he has honored each court decision. It  would be a terrible precedent for the Senate to remove a President from  office because he didn't agree that Congress couldn't take away his  rights in court like every other American.   The difficulty in this process, as with every impeachment process, is  separating facts and the politics of it. There are facts in this case  that we took a lot of time to go through. Each of us in this body sat  for hour upon hour upon hour, for 2\1/2\ weeks, listening to testimony  and going through the record. We all spent lots of time being able to  read, on our own, the facts and details. That was entirely reasonable  to be able to do.   But we have to examine, at the end of the day, what is a fact-based  issue that has been answered--and each of the key facts raised by the  House all have answers--and what is a politics issue--to say in an  election year, what is being presented by the House that says: What can  we do to slow down this process and to try to give the President a bad  name during the middle of an election time period? To separate out  those two is not a simple process.   But we begin with the most basic element. Do the facts line up with  the accusations made by the House? They do not. Are there plenty of  accusations? Yes, there are. My fear is that, in the days ahead, there  will be more and more accusations as we go. There have been for the  last 3 years.   But at this moment and the facts at this time, in the partisan rancor  from the House and into the Senate, I am going to choose to acquit the  President of the United States. This certainly does not rise to the  level of removal from office and forbidding him to run for any other  office in the future. It certainly doesn't rise to that level.   In the days ahead, as more facts come out, all of history will be  able to see how this occurred and the details of what happens next. I  look forward, actually, for that to continue to be able to come out so  all can be known.   I yield the floor.   