 Mr. Speaker, before I begin today, I extend my best  wishes to President Trump and Melania. Our thoughts and prayers are  with them as they battle COVID-19.    I also thank   Tom Malinowski for the amazing discussions that we  have had going forward on this resolution. He is an amazing person to  work with, and I thank him--and everyone else--for their work.   Mr. Speaker, I do rise today at a pivotal moment in our Nation's  history and a moment of reckoning for our national discourse. The  vitriol and anger spewing from both sides of the political aisle,  echoing across the darkest corners and caverns of the internet has led  to violence and hate, divisiveness and anger.   It has all but extinguished the light of reasonable political  discourse in this great country called by so many, a ``City on the  Hill.'' But we cannot continue to be this beacon of hope that we have  been for so long if we can't address the issues holding us back, the  webs that have ensnared us and the mistrust that has invaded our  politics.   The resolution before us today is not a panacea but it asks us a  question about our purpose here in this august body: Will we stand up  and condemn a dangerous, dehumanizing and convoluted conspiracy theory  that the FBI has assessed with high confidence as very likely to  motivate some domestic extremist, wholly or in part, to engage in  criminal or violent activity?   When my friend and colleague, Representative Malinowski, and I  introduced a resolution condemning the QAnon conspiracy theory, we knew  that we could draw the ire of those that believe in fantastical  theories. We were condemning something that is a danger to our  political discourse.   QAnon believers have accused me of running a pedophilia ring for  Israel, being a member of the Zionist Organizational Government, been  called a traitor--accompanied by a picture of the gallows--and stated I  was part of a target list. The grotesque nature of the tweets and  Instagram posts, and the anti-Semitic tripe spewed by QAnon adherents  should cause concern for everyone. Obviously, this is all ridiculous,  much like their theory.   But the death threats Tom Malinowski received were a surprise and a  shock. This type of behavior is easily condemned--condemned by all of  us here in this Chamber today. Putting aside the bizarre views of QAnon  adherents, I call on this body to condemn them because of their  actions, actions that include threatening the life of my friend,   Tom  Malinowski. Plotting to plant a bomb in the Illinois Capitol rotunda to  make Americans aware of the pizzagate conspiracy theory; the murder of  a man in New York in 2019, and other such activities.   QAnon and the conspiracy theories it promotes are a danger and a  threat that has no place in our country's politics. I condemn this  movement and urge all my fellow Members to join me in taking this step  to exclude them and other extreme conspiracy theories from the national  discourse.   We talk about the First Amendment all the time. It is absolutely  appropriate for the Members of this body to use the First Amendment to  call out those that are using their First Amendment gift as United  States citizens to attack other individuals.   This Nation has passed through stronger storms than this in the past,  and we will come out stronger still. But it takes leadership from the  top to stand up against extreme ideas like QAnon.   I call on this House to do that today. Support this resolution. Pass  it. I agree with my friend and colleague,   Tom Malinowski, that we  should not be playing with fire. I have been in the intelligence  business. I know the power of information operations and false  information. Again, let's pass this resolution.   