 Mr. President, I want to address the ongoing debate over  the content of a relief bill that I think we have made a lot of  progress on and I am hopeful that we can get finished.   Many of our colleagues have been down here and have reminded all of  us, quite rightly, of the terrible difficulties that many Americans are  facing.   We are not in a full-blown financial crisis anymore, but we are  experiencing a lot of economic hardship that tends to be concentrated  in certain sectors and industries, and we have a full-blown healthcare  crisis. So it is a very, very serious moment, and it demands a  response.   I am hoping we can get that done as soon as possible, and I want to  discuss one of the terms that I have advocated for in this legislation.  The terms I have advocated for have been mischaracterized, including by  the Senate minority leader and others, and so I want to set the record  straight on what this is all about and why I think this is so  important.   And to that, I think it is worth remembering what brought us to this  point. Back in March, when the coronavirus was first ripping across  America and wreaking so much havoc, the response, in many, many places,  was a complete economic shutdown--a complete prohibition against doing  business, against going to work, against earning a livelihood.   And I understand why that was done--that we were in a healthcare  crisis, and that was the response that was believed to be most likely  to prevent an overwhelming of our healthcare capabilities. That would  have been absolutely horrific, and so we had this economic disaster.   And what we discovered in March was this shutdown brought us to the  brink of a financial crisis as well.   If you think about the financial markets where people are providing  capital to businesses and municipalities and individuals, they only do  that if there is some confidence that they know, at least generally  speaking, what the future looks like. We had never seen anything like  the government shutting down our economy before.   And so not really shockingly, the financial markets were on the verge  of completely freezing up, shutting down, and preventing even the most  basic functioning of our economy. I mean, we might well have gotten to  the point where a business couldn't go to its bank and borrow the money  it needs to make payroll on Friday or they couldn't issue the bond that  they need to do to pay off another bond that is coming due, and so that  would put them in default and force them into bankruptcy and require  them to lay everyone off.   I mean, the knock-on effects would have been devastating had our  financial system completely frozen up, and it was on the verge, some  would say it was actually in the process, of freezing up.   And so that is why the Treasury Secretary and the Federal Reserve  Board Governor came to Congress and said: Look, we need some  extraordinary, unprecedented new facilities that we can stand up very,  very quickly, and we can use them to be a backstop, to restore  confidence, and to enable private credit to start flowing again so that  this economic recession that we are certainly going to go through--back  in March it was clear that was going to happen, but it was not clear  that we had to suffer through a financial crisis that would create a  depression. That was something we thought maybe we can avoid.   So these facilities were set up, as I say, to restore the normal  functioning of private lending and private capital markets--not to  replace those markets, not to pick winners and losers and decide, well,  who gets credit and who doesn't depending on whether we like their  business, not to subsidize, not to say: Well, look, you know, let's  just give cut-rate loans to the people we like to give them to. None of  that was the intention. None of that was the purpose.   The purpose was to ensure that creditworthy borrowers could access  credit through the normal channels. That was it. That was the purpose  of what has been widely described as the 13(3) lending facilities.  There were several of these facilities. That was the intention for  these facilities.   And guess what. They worked. They worked amazingly well, remarkably  well. Within days, certainly weeks, markets were again functioning,  credit was flowing, and as a matter of fact, within a matter of months,  credit was flowing at an alltime record pace; corporate bond issuance  hit an alltime record high. Across the credit quality spectrum,  municipal bond issues were at an alltime record high. Borrowers,  businesses that wanted to keep their workers and continue to survive  until we got past this COVID crisis--they were able to draw down lines  of credit from their banks. It worked.   The creation of these facilities gave the confidence to our financial  markets that restored the normal functioning of those markets. It was  really quite extraordinary.   Now, that doesn't mean that the economy got perfect after that.  Certainly not. The economy is not perfect today. But it meant that a  recovery would be possible. We would be able to function. We would be  able to begin to pick up the pieces of a closed economy and, sure  enough, we have made tremendous progress. More than half of all the  people who lost their jobs are back at work. So that is not anywhere  near where we need to end up, but we are on the right track, in part,  because these facilities did exactly what they were designed to do.   Now, what does my language in this bill do? What my language does is  it puts an end to these three programs that did their job--they  functioned; they restored the private credit markets; and so they don't  need to continue.  [[Page S7840]]    What are these three programs? There is a corporate bond credit  facility, there is a Main Street Lending Program, and there is a  municipal lending program. Actually, they were hardly used at all. So  quickly did the normal private credit markets resume their normal  functioning that very few borrowers took advantage.   In fact, I am pretty sure in the corporate credit facility that was  set up under these 13(3) facilities, I don't think anything was done at  all. In the Main Street lending, there was very little. In the  municipal lending, there were two borrowers. That is it.   These are the programs that were funded by the CARES Act, were set up  at the time of the CARES Act for this narrow, specific purpose, and now  they have achieved their purpose.   By the way, there are lots of other programs that have been set up  over time--some were set up recently--that my legislation doesn't touch  in any way, shape, form, or fashion. The Commercial Paper Funding  Facility--unaffected. The money market fund liquidity provision-- unaffected. The Paycheck Protection Program, primary dealer liquidity  facility--untouched. All of them untouched, and, quite contrary to what  some have suggested, this is no big rewrite of the Fed's 13(3) lending  facilities. It couldn't be further from that.   What it is is an acknowledgment that the three programs we created in  March--and which, by the way, we put an expiration on them in March. We  said they end on December 31.   But now we have folks on the other side of the aisle who have a novel  interpretation of the statute, saying: Well, they don't really have to  end or, if they do end, we could bring them back to life.   We shouldn't even be having this conversation, but we are because we  have got this interpretation that we have to deal with.   What my language simply does is it follows the statute and calls for  the end of this.   How do we do this? There are three steps. One is we rescind the money  that never got used because, as I said, the markets responded so  quickly we never ever needed to use this money. And I think our  Democratic colleagues agree on this provision.   The language that I am trying to get in this package reiterates that  these CARES facilities end on December 31, as Congress intended. You  know, I was in the room when we were writing this bill, and nobody  thought that any of these programs were going to last beyond the end of  the year.   But, as I say, because of this novel legal interpretation, we need to  reiterate, in an unambiguous way, that they end on December 31, as  Congress intended.   And, finally, we ensure that they can't simply be restarted next year  or sometime thereafter or duplicated without congressional consent.   Now, we have folks on the other side of the aisle who are raising all  kinds of objections. They are very upset about this. And it is fair to  ask: Why? Why would that be?   Well, it certainly isn't because the credit markets are back in  turmoil, and they think we need to restore the flow of private credit.  That would be ridiculous. The credit markets are functioning as well or  better than they ever have. It is not even a close call. So it is not  that.   No, what it is is something very different, and that is the problem  that some of my colleagues want to morph these facilities into a use  that was never intended for them. They want to convert them away from  these temporary emergency liquidity facilities designed to stabilize  markets and restore the flow of credit--to convert it away from that-- and instead to use them to implement fiscal policy and maybe social  policy and certainly to allocate credit based on their political  preferences.   What is one of the ways that our Democratic colleagues would like to  do that? No. 1, they want to bail out irresponsible States. Now look, I  get that there are some States across the Union that have suffered  financially because of COVID. There are other States that haven't been  harmed at all; in fact, they have more revenue coming in this year than  they had last year. It varies, and there is definitely a category of  States and municipalities that have suffered a loss of revenue. We can  and should have an ongoing debate in this body about what to do about  that, if anything, but that is our responsibility.   If we are going to send money to States and municipalities, we should  have a bill, appropriate the funds, and have a vote in Congress so that  the American people can hold us accountable. That is what happens. We  get held accountable.   When an action like that is done through legislation, it is out in  the open. It is transparent. It happens in the light of day, and the  American people know who to hold accountable.   That is not what our Democratic colleagues want to do. They want to  force the Fed to do this for them.   How do we know that? Because they passed a bill called the Heroes  Act, H.R. 6800, that instructs the Federal Reserve to use the municipal  facility for exactly this purpose--superlong-term, ultralow-cost loans  to municipalities, up to 10 years, at one-quarter of 1 percent interest  rates. States wouldn't even have to attest that they couldn't secure  ordinary credit; they could just show up and get it. So the Fed  wouldn't be playing its traditional role as the lender of last resort  in a national crisis; it would be the lender of first resort to their  preferred constituency.   There is the Main Street lending facility. If they can replicate  that, who knows what kinds of conditions they would impose on low- interest loans there, whether it is climate or other policies that  ought to be debated on this floor and ought to be determined through an  accountable process.   So, as I say, none of this is speculative. Our Democratic colleagues  have talked about this. They passed a bill that actually does this.   It is ironic that when we were developing the response to the crisis  of March, earlier this year, some of our colleagues described this $500  billion fund that was intended to capitalize these vehicles that would  lend and restore liquidity. They called it a ``slush fund.'' In one of  many examples, Senator Warren, on March 30, 2020, said the CARES Act  created ``a half trillion dollar slush fund that the Trump  administration could use to help its political friends and punish its  political enemies, and I think that's a bad thing.''   Well, now there is a new administration, and now they want to keep  the slush fund.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to complete my remarks before  the vote.    So this is a very bad idea for many reasons, not the  least of which is to put the Fed in this position of being pressured to  make these giveaway transactions based on political pressure that would  completely politicize the Fed. It would be the end of independence of  the Fed. That is why this has never been the role of our central bank,  the Fed. We have never asked the Fed to engage in fiscal policy or  promote social policy or to allocate credit based on political  standing. That is guaranteed to politicize the Fed and undermine Fed  independence.   Fiscal and social policy is the rightful realm of the people who are  accountable to the American people, and that is us; that is Congress.   I want to address another accusation that is completely false and  totally unjustified, and that is that somehow this is an effort to  hamstring the Biden administration and prevent them from doing what  they want to do.   Let me assure the Presiding Officer and my colleagues, my efforts to  ensure that this would be a temporary facility began when we began  discussing the facility. It was in March that I was arguing--actually,  I argued that we should have this end as soon as the financial markets  had restored their normal functioning and no later than September 30. I  didn't win the argument. We ended up settling on December 31. But that  is when I started pushing to have a finite period of time and a short  period of time. There was nobody in the room who thought that this was  supposed to go on indefinitely. Once we started working on another  COVID-related bill, starting in the summertime, and I became aware of  this alternative interpretation of the language, we put it in our bill,  and we voted on that in September. So this  [[Page S7841]]  language or the substantively similar language has been public for  many, many months now.   I also want to stress that we are not making permanent changes to  laws and Congress can always act again. The CARES Act already made  these facilities temporary. They were supposed to end at the end of the  year, and, of course, no change in law is ever permanent. Any future  Congress can change it.   Back in March, when this crisis hit, the Fed and Treasury knew that  they needed to come to Congress for the tools to solve it. They came to  Congress, and we turned around in an extraordinarily rapid fashion  these massive new facilities that had never been imagined before. We  responded quickly. And if there is some kind of future event that calls  for a future set of facilities of this particular sort, they can come  back to Congress.   There are three facilities--three facilities that were launched in  conjunction with the CARES Act, funded by the CARES Act, and I am  saying that they have achieved their purpose. They should come to an  end. They should not be restarted, and a replica should not be created.  That is all.   Some have suggested that the Chairman of the Federal Reserve has some  opinion on this. I would challenge anyone to find a statement in the  public record that he has made in criticism of this. He is very well  aware of what is going on.   The last point I want to make: Some on the other side have suggested  that our language may be too broad, and maybe it captures potential  facilities that shouldn't be captured. If that is the sincere concern  of my colleagues on the other side, I urge them to give me a call. It  is very easy to track me down. If you have an objection to the way we  have worded this and you want language that is narrower, I am all ears.  We can work this out.   With that, I yield the floor.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that  notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, the postcloture time with  respect to the Harwell nomination expire at 6 p.m. today and that the  Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination; I further ask that the  cloture motion with respect to the Noland nomination ripen at 1:30 p.m.  tomorrow; finally, that if either nomination is confirmed, the motions  to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the  President be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   