 Madam Speaker, I thank the distinguished ranking member  for yielding.   Madam Speaker, to borrow a line from President Reagan: Here we go  again.   In the midst of a nationwide pandemic where there is so much work we  should be doing for the American people, the Democrat majority has  again brought a partisan messaging bill to the floor of the House that  is dead on arrival in the United States Senate.   As the majority knows, this bill includes numerous provisions that  are nonstarters for Republicans in any legislation related to  healthcare, including: expanding ObamaCare, no protections against  taxpayer-funded abortion, the rolling back of numerous Trump  administration regulations that have made health insurance more  affordable, and financial penalties for States that don't expand  Medicaid.   Certainly, it seems bad timing to be enacting legislation that the  nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office has already confirmed will lead  to fewer new drugs on the market, but the Democrats have again included  their socialist prescription drug bill in this legislation.   Madam Speaker, there are real areas where we could be working  together to find common ground in healthcare. There could be common  ground on reinsurance.   Six months ago, Republicans suggested over 40 bipartisan prescription  drug provisions we could actually enact that would encourage innovation  and groundbreaking new cures and promote low-cost options for patients.  We are still waiting on Speaker Pelosi to take up that package of  bipartisan bills.   The truth is Democrats are not actually interested in finding  solutions. They are interested in ramming political legislation through  the House in an effort to influence the 2020 Presidential race and  decry additional controversies for Democrat House Members to run on.   Republicans are ready to have a serious conversation about making  healthcare more affordable and accessible, but just like with police  reform last week, the other side is not.   The American people are ready for us to get back to working for them.   