 Madam President, I come to the floor today in support of  my senior Senator's unanimous consent request to pass the Daniel Anderl  Judicial Security and Privacy Act.   As Senator Menendez pointed out, this is a bipartisan piece of  legislation. It is bicameral. It will take important steps to safeguard  the personally identifiable information of Federal judges and their  family members from individuals who wish to do them harm.   As Senator Menendez said, it is named after Daniel Anderl, the son of  Judge Esther Salas and Mark Anderl, who was senselessly murdered in  July of this year by a hate-filled gunman. The gunman was able to  access personal information, as Senator Menendez said, by going to  Judge Salas's information, getting it--including where she lived, the  routes she took to work, and even her place of worship and her home  address. As a result, Judge Salas and her husband have gone through  something that no parent ever, ever should have to go through.   No person who takes on the responsibility of serving as a Federal  judge should ever have to live in fear that they or their family could  be targeted by someone wishing to do them harm, who is able to easily  access their personal information. Passing this bill today in memory  and in honor of Daniel Anderl will mark a commitment of this body to  safeguarding the privacy and security of our Federal judges and their  families so that we can make sure we are doing everything in our power  to prevent this from happening to another family.   Our bill, as Senator Menendez said, has broad support. It has been  endorsed by the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts, Federal  Judges Association, the Federal Magistrate Judges Association, the  National Conference of Bankruptcy Judges, the Federal Bar Association,  the National Association of Attorneys Generals, and others--people from  all backgrounds, people from both parties, Independents. We have a  unanimous chorus of support of people who believe that this is justice  and will help keep judges safe.   James C. Duff, the Administrative Director of the U.S. Courts, said  in his statement of support of this bill: ``It is crucial in our system  of justice that judges can decide cases without fear for their safety  and that of their family.'' He is absolutely right.   I echo Senator Menendez's request to pass the Daniel Anderl Judicial  Security and Privacy Act.   I yield the floor.   