 Madam Speaker, for the record, it is my friend, Phil  Roe, who likes to say that there would be no Texas if there weren't a  Tennessee. I have to say that in his honor, and then I will have to  defend my honor now when I go back to Texas. That is my gift to the  gentleman as he departs.   He is a distinguished gentleman and statesman and an effective leader  for our Nation and for our veterans. I thank the gentleman for that  from the bottom of my heart.   I thank Chairman Takano for his camaraderie and our common cause of  serving the veterans. We served together when I was in my first term on  the VA Committee, and he has a passion for our veterans. While we may  disagree about things from time to time, I respect that about the  gentleman and I wish him all the best success as we try to do right by  those men and women who gave up their today so we could have our  tomorrow.   Now, to Chairman Levin, nothing would honor me more than to honor the  Mulder family and my friend Bill Mulder. And for the gentleman to allow  us to carry his name forward, representative of the men and women who  have served and who have returned with honor but with wounds that you  can't see and that end up taking their lives and taking so much from  this country because they have so much more to offer, I thank the  gentleman.   We need to recognize when things are working around here, and I will  say that any time we can govern for this great country and we can do  the right thing and put our country first, I will commend anybody any  day and all day.   So God bless you gentlemen for your leadership.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7105, a package that  includes legislation that I, along with Chairman Levin, introduced to  honor Navy SEAL Chief Petty Officer Bill Mulder. This legislation aims  to improve the VA's transition assistance program to help our Nation's  servicemembers successfully reintegrate back into civilian life when  they return home from serving our Nation.   Bill Mulder was a friend, a leader, and an American hero who, as I  mentioned, due to the invisible wounds that often plague our soldiers  when they return, tragically ended his own life just a few months after  retiring from serving our Nation with distinction.   Our veterans face unique challenges when they return home and if we  can do a better job on the front end, engaging them earlier and  providing them the education, training, equipping them to reintegrate  so that we can, on the back end, prevent the struggles with addiction,  unemployment, homelessness, suicide, that is the goal here. Those are  things that disproportionately affect our veterans and we can do  something about it, and I believe this legislation will address that in  a meaningful way.   As we recognize September as National Suicide Prevention Awareness  Month, I can think of no other cause more worthy for our support in  this great body than helping our veterans transition to a more  productive and healthy and fulfilling civilian life after they  sacrificed so much for our country.   By the way, I can't think of a better way to honor Bill Mulder and  those just like him. So I stand in support.    Madam Speaker, I almost rushed the most important  part. This is not only a cause worthy of our support as a Congress, but  it will honor men and women just like Bill Mulder. I believe if we do  it right, and if the VA and the Defense Department actually implement  it right--that is the next big hurdle--then we will save lives.   And that is why we got into this gig, right? We want to make a  difference. We want to help our fellow Americans. We want to save  lives.   