 Madam Speaker, for too long, big cats have been  mistreated, exploited, and abused in private roadside zoos. Private  possession of big cats is a tremendous risk to humans as well. On  average, a 1-year-old tiger weighs about 200 pounds and can easily harm  or kill a human.   These wild animals are trained to perform for paying customers, and  at the end of the day, they are wild, dangerous animals that are a  serious risk to humans and themselves.   Big cats, themselves, are also at risk, as there have been countless  reports of abuse, mistreatment, and exploitation at private zoos.   Madam Speaker, opponents of our legislation argue that it unfairly  targets small zoos, pitting the large against the small. To be clear,  this legislation has nothing to do with the zoo size and does not ban  any zoo from possessing, breeding, or exhibiting big cats. Our  legislation prohibits zoos from allowing the public to interact with  big cats.   It does not in any way impact the typical model of zoos in which they  have an exhibit of big cats on display. As long as the zoo does not  allow direct contact between people and the public and these big cats,  they will not be affected by this legislation.   This practice also takes a toll on law enforcement agencies that are  forced to respond to escapes and attacks when big cats have outgrown  cub petting and are funneled into the hands of private citizens.   Madam Speaker, this bill is supported by both the National Sheriffs'  Association and the Fraternal Order of Police.   I thank the Humane Society, Animal Wellness Action, and the Animal  Welfare Institute for their incredible advocacy on this issue, and to  my predecessor who worked on this bill, Congressman Jeff Denham from  the State of California, for all of his work. And, of course, I thank  my partner on this legislation, Congressman   Mike Quigley.   As a member of the bipartisan Congressional Animal Caucus, we are  committed to ensuring that our government is doing its part to promote  animal welfare, and it is crucial that we stand up for animals, both as  individuals and societies.   Madam Speaker, as was pointed out, there are 230 cosponsors on this  bill that collectively represent over 165 million Americans who support  this legislation.   Madam Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on H.R. 1380,  the Big Cat Public Safety Act.   