 Madam President, I don't know of any topic that is more  supported around here than the helping of small businesses. I think the  biggest evidence of that is that I would venture to guess almost every  Member of this body has at some point gone back home and bragged about  what we were able to achieve together in a bipartisan way.   And to remind everybody, this program has never existed before. It  was put together in a bipartisan way with the ranking member, the  Senator from Maryland you just heard from. We worked on it--I think it  was 6 or 7 days. And it wasn't a perfect program. Like anything new,  this big, that fast, it had some hiccups, and we worked in a bipartisan  way with the administration to implement it.   I will say this without any reservation: It was by far the single  most effective piece of that CARES package, and there isn't a day that  goes by when I am back in Florida or, frankly, anywhere in the country  that I don't hear about it. I don't know anyone who hasn't. One of the  most common themes when we go places is a small business owner who says  PPP was a lifesaver, and then they ask: Is there more on the way,  because we are still struggling?   That it is a lifesaver is without question. I mean, I look at  Florida. Over 430,000 of these PPP loans--which, really, in most cases  are going to end up being grants--were made. That is $32 billion of  relief into our economy. The ranking member's home State--87,000. I  looked at some other States just quickly on the way over here. Iowa,  61,000. In North Carolina, 129,000 of these were made. Michigan,  128,000. Arizona, 85,000. In Colorado, 109,000 of these were made.  Montana, 23,000. The State of Maine, where Senator Collins was a key  part of all this, 28,000. Georgia, neighboring Florida, 174,000. I  could go on and on.   Another thing we should be really proud about as far as PPP is that  two-thirds of the loans--the grants--were under $50,000, which tells  you about the size of these businesses. In fact, 70 percent--70  percent--of these were made to businesses that had 10 employees or  fewer. By far, it was the most effective thing we did.   You can look at the jobs figures. I have this chart up here just to  show it. PPP and small business employment--you look at the precipitous  dropoff in March, and then once PPP began to get disbursed, you see  those numbers, and as the disbursal goes up, the chart goes up.   Now, are they perfect? No. Will we want it back up here? Of course.  Are there businesses that didn't make it? Sadly, yes. But there are  people working right now. There are small businesses that were going to  be wiped off the face of this country's economy that are open to this  day because of what we were able to do. But it expired, meaning that  you could only get it once. There was a date where it cut off. The  ranking member wisely moved and we all agreed and we were able to  extend it by another month to help people apply, but now you can't go  back.   So what do you do? You are a business or restaurant, for example, and  you used PPP once and have expended that money over 24 weeks, and now  you are in the same boat or potentially in the same place you were back  in March and April. The money is gone, the customers aren't back yet,  and you are  [[Page S6314]]  about to close and people are about to get laid off. So we need to do a  second round.   There are a lot of other things we can do for small business--I agree  with that wholeheartedly--but this is one that I think we have to do  because there is tremendous agreement. The reason it is not happening  is because, No. 1, some people think of it as leverage. Everyone likes  PPP, so let's hold out on it. Let's not do it until it is part of a  broader package of things unrelated to small business because it is so  popular. It is the carrot that will bring everybody toward supporting  the broader deal.   That may have made sense back in May or June, but not now, not in  October, not since we have long since expended the moneys that these  companies received, and now they are facing the same situation they  were back in March and early April. Now we have to do what we can.   I don't think we can fall--unfortunately, we have, but it is not very  smart to fall into this habit of saying that if we can't do everything,  we shouldn't do anything. That is just across the board. There are a  lot of other areas that we need to provide COVID relief in--I agree  with that--but we are not going to do it in 6 days. We should have done  it a long time ago. It didn't come to that. But this is one piece I  think we can all agree on. Even if they are small businesses--and I  only caught the tail end of what he was saying. The ranking member  points to a lot of other things we could do to help small business. I  agree with that. There are things beyond PPP that would help them. The  fundamental challenge we have here is that we have a limited amount of  time to get this thing done, and I appreciate the idea that the House  already passed it. But the thing is, that is not something that is  going to become law. That is the reality. Just like there are things we  want on this side that are not going to become law, because to pass a  law right now in Washington requires passage in a Senate with a  Republican majority, but there are not 60 Republicans, so we need  Democratic votes. We need this body to pass it, and we need a  Democratically controlled House to pass it and a Republican President  to sign it. That is just basic math in terms of what it takes. That is  just the basic outline of what it takes to turn whatever it is we are  talking about here into a law to actually help people.   If you want to help people, we have to figure out something that at  least 60 people in the Senate and a majority in the House will agree on  and that the President will sign. The one thing I know for sure that  could get that, if we just had a straight up-or-down vote on it, is the  notion of extending a second round of PPP assistance to a targeted  number of small businesses. That is it.   Now, is that everything I want to do? No. I want us to do more. By  the way, if we can figure something more to do in the meantime, that  would be great, but this must happen. There is no way of explaining to  people: Hold on a second. Everybody agrees that we need to do more just  to extend PPP.   Well, why haven't you done it?   Then you have to explain: Well, because there were nine other things  we wanted to do for small business, but because we couldn't agree on  those, we didn't do the one we agreed on; or, there was a bunch of  things non-small-business related that we wanted to get done, and  because those didn't happen, we are holding up the whole thing.   People don't understand it. That doesn't make sense in the real world  to anybody.   The bottom line is this: We have a basic formula here that, if we put  aside those considerations, could get support and could pass pretty  quickly. The other issues are still going to be there, and we should do  them, too, but we shouldn't hold this up in order to do that.   That is what we are going to have a chance to do here in a few  minutes. If we don't, if we don't, then we will have to explain--all of  us--to people why it is that this is being held up. If you tell them it  is because people want leverage for more stuff, they are not going to  understand that. It is very simple.   For anyone watching now or for anyone who watches this later, it is a  simple concept. We have before us right now the ability to help--to the  tune of close to $250 billion--millions of small business workers  across this country and their employers, to keep them on payroll, to  stay open for a few more months while we get through this pandemic. We  have a chance to do it through a model that we know works, a model that  was recently used. We just re-up that for a second round to a targeted  number of small businesses, under a certain number of employees, facing  certain revenue constraints. We even open it up to some additional not- for-profits. We have a chance to do that. We have all these other  things that we should do as well, and we should do those, too, but we  shouldn't wait for those things to do this thing, to help right now.   This is not theoretical. Right now, at this very moment, there are  thousands upon thousands of small businesses that are holding on, on a  week-by-week basis. Whether or not they can survive isn't up to them.  It is up to whether the local government allows them to open and at  what capacity. It is up to whether their customers have the financial  wherewithal to go back and visit or spend.   The businesses we are talking about are restaurants, absolutely; live  venues, absolutely; and all those other places that have been hurt in  hospitality, without a doubt. But other businesses are being hurt too.  I know a drycleaner in South Florida who is being hurt. You might ask,  why? They are allowed to open. Well, because when people stopped  working and going to certain places, they spent less money on  drycleaning. Now a place that had eight employees now has six, and of  the six, four are only part time. They will have an opportunity, if  they get PPP, to keep that workforce employed full time, and it would  matter to those families.   We can do this. Doing this doesn't mean we don't do anything else.  Those other issues still have to be addressed. But let's at least do  this. It isn't everything, but it is a lot, and it is something, and it  will matter, and there is no reason not to do it. It will in no way  keep us from doing the other things that need to be done.   Again, just because we are not going to do everything in one shot  should not mean that we don't do something. We have a chance to do  something, and it is meaningful, and it is a model that we know works,  and it is a model we have all supported in the past, and it is one that  I hope that in the next few minutes some people will change their minds  on and support now because to not do something is inexplicable. It  would make no sense.   There are real people in the real world who are just trying to hold  on and can't figure out why it is we are here and we can't do something  to help them at their hour of greatest need   I yield the floor.   