 Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Mr. Shimkus for yielding to  me. He has really poured his heart and soul into this issue and has  worked very hard on it, is so knowledgeable about it. And he is spot  on.   Tragically, there is no science here. The EPA was not allowed to  testify here. This is a solution that will never become law. It  completely overreaches.   You are going to hear from some of our Members, including Dr.  Bucshon, who is a heart surgeon, about the impact this could have on  new technologies and devices that get implanted into people's hearts.   You will hear about automobiles and aircraft that use these very  specialized chemicals and materials in their manufacturing processes  that probably have nothing to do with what we are trying to fix here.   You will hear, and it is true, that this is the first time we are  going to throw science out the window and make a political decision.   So, Mr. Speaker, I must rise in opposition to H.R. 535, the PFAS  Action Act of 2020, and urge my colleagues, sadly, to do the same.   We all want a solution to the country's PFAS challenges. And while  there is more work to be done, I would say, thanks to Mr. Shimkus and  others, Congress has already acted to provide some funding for reducing  PFAS in drinking water in rural and economically distressed areas.   We require the Federal Government to enter into cooperative cleanup  agreements for Federal facilities with PFAS contamination.   But we all know more needs to be done.   Unfortunately, my friends on the other side of the aisle have chosen  to go partisan with H.R. 535, and that is not the way to go, it is not  the solution.   This follows two plays Democrats insist on running ad nauseam:  putting politics over progress and pushing legislation that will never  become law.   This was the playbook they ran in December when, sadly, they walked  away from progress in protecting public health that resulted in two  major missed opportunities.   First, we had the chance to mandate that the EPA establish a drinking  water standard for PFOA and PFOS within 2 years. We had that  opportunity to get it into law.   Second, we could have ensured immediate and mandatory cleanup of PFOA  and PFOS at all Department of Defense facilities. We could have put  that into law. We were in agreement except for Democrats here, and as a  result, they wouldn't take yes for an answer, and we lost those  opportunities.   But back to H.R. 535. This measure is packed with bad policy and  unfortunately, or fortunately, is dead on arrival in the Senate.   Sadly, it delays much needed action to enact science-based solutions  that protect our constituents. So this hurts Americans, it leaves our  communities vulnerable, and it did not have to be this way.   During the Energy and Commerce Committee's consideration of H.R. 535,  we had a very robust debate on this  [[Page H119]]  bill. Mr. Shimkus offered a package of proposals that had bipartisan  Senate support, and those all could have become law; in other words, a  three-quarters agreement of the committees of jurisdiction.   These proposals were not the way he or I would have crafted them on  our own, but we were willing to compromise, we were willing to reach  across the aisle, we were willing to reach across the chamber to the  Senate, because we wanted to be part of the solution.   Sadly, we are here today with a bill that, frankly, reaches a new  low.   Last month, we had a vehicle to make real, meaningful progress on  drinking water standards and PFAS cleanup. We could have done more, but  that progress was stopped and this bill was brought forward.   So, Mr. Chair, I want to help communities deal with PFAS concerns. I  want to do it in a scientifically-based way.   It is important the actions we take are appropriately measured and  justified and backed up by science. This package, though, is not a  practical, science-based solution.   Mr. Chair, I urge a ``no'' vote.   