 Madam Speaker, I appreciate the kind words of my good  friend and colleague, and we will miss him when he goes on to do  greater things elsewhere.   Madam Speaker, if we do not pass the motion to proceed to the  previous question, we can put the proxy quorum voting rule on hold  until after the courts have time to rule on its constitutionality.   Most on this side of the aisle and a handful on the other side of the  aisle strongly believe that this proxy voting rule is unconstitutional.  Accordingly, yesterday, a suit was filed to have the rule declared  unconstitutional.   Under the suit, the court is asked to do many things, including  asking for an injunction of our Clerk from counting the proxy votes on  any measure and on counting proxies for purposes of determining a  quorum. The courts must weigh in on this controversy before we take  important votes using this new proxy quorum voting scheme.   The suit lays out constitutional requirements. Many of these  arguments were made previously. It goes through the definitions of  words like ``to meet,'' ``assemble,'' et cetera.   Madam Speaker, as you know, words are important and the meanings are  important, and the filers of this suit couldn't have made me happier.  When I was reading it, they used Samuel Johnson's dictionary of 1773.  And just to let you know exactly how oddball I can be, I pulled my copy  of Samuel Johnson's of 1773 off the shelf in my office. I checked to  see what they had written down, and they got it exactly right. The term  ``meet'' meant ``to encounter, to be close face-to-face.''   And in 1851, the Webster's dictionary says ``to come together or  approach near, or into company with; to assemble, to congregate.'' The  example they used in Webster's in 1851 was: ``The legislature will meet  on the first Wednesday in March.'' Clearly, they knew what it meant to  come together face-to-face.   Today, on the internet--knowing that some out there would say,  ``Morgan, get yourself out of the dusty books''--it says, meet: to come  into the presence of; to come face-to-face.   And ``assemble,'' similarly, in Johnson's, it means ``to bring  together into one place''; Webster's: ``To collect a number of  individuals into one place or body''; internet, Merriam-Webster's,  today: ``To bring together, as in a particular place.''   The suit lays out the constitutional requirements. Many of these  arguments were made, as I said, previously.   Now, I know what many of you are thinking. Morgan, you have got to  get modern. Zoom is a place, as is Webex and a dozen others. Some say  that if they had only known about it during the writing of the  Constitution, they would have permitted it; but, Madam Speaker, they  had the written word and they had the ability to send letters.   They also knew about dangers. They knew about wars with other  nations, later, the burning of D.C., the Civil War.   Multiple plagues and fears have gripped the capitals of this country,  but they never contemplated sending a note or a letter by friend or by  post, saying--and can you imagine it saying: ``Hey, give my vote to  Harry Lee of Virginia or William Holman of Indiana. And not only count  my vote as a vote on the bill, but count me present as a part of the  quorum''?   Never did it, never thought they should, never thought they could.   So the lawsuit challenging the constitutionality of this so-called  rule is well-founded.   Also, it is important we think about how the newfangled proxy quorum  rule affects our work today. Some may say: ``Let the courts do their  thing and we will sort it out later.'' Well, that is more than just  sloppy legislating; it is dangerous.   Morgan, you say, how is that?   Let me explain. As an example, we are preparing to vote on the  reauthorization of the Federal Intelligence Surveillance Act, FISA. On  that, or any other vote that does anything of import, no matter how  small--even the naming of a post office, because it spends money--the  vote and the action of this House, under the proxy quorum rule, is  tainted and the authority of that legislation, accordingly, called into  question.   On FISA, if we pass it and the courts rule that the proxy quorum  voting rule is unconstitutional, in whole or in part, we will have  handed either a get-out-of-jail-free card to terrorists who are enemies  of the United States or a hammer they can use against prosecutors  trying to pursue justice.   Is that really what we want to do? I know it is not. And we have  another way. We can put the proxy quorum rule on hold, suspend it until  the courts can make a final ruling on its constitutionality.    We can put the proxy quorum rule on hold. We can  suspend it until the courts can make a final ruling on its  constitutionality. Once we have that answer, we can then move forward.  But to move forward without knowing where we are going on  constitutionality is dangerous, damaging, and destructive to every act  we take in this body.    Madam Speaker, I would implore the Members of this House: Do not vote  the party line. Do not say, ``Oh, it is a previous question, it is a  throwaway vote.'' Today, the previous question is an important vote on  whether we move forward not knowing the way or whether we move forward  knowing whether it is constitutional or unconstitutional.   I ask you all to vote for our great Republic and this august body.  Vote ``no'' on the previous question and put the proxy quorum rule on  hold until we have a definitive answer.    Madam Speaker, I would reiterate and thank the  gentleman for his kind comments. He is absolutely right. I come here  today not as a Republican or a Democrat. I come here as an American,  and I have no agenda today except to defend the Constitution.   And while the courts may ultimately determine that my friends on the  other side of the aisle are right, I believe they are sorely wrong,  Madam Speaker. Sorely wrong. Because we are not just talking about  voting from afar, and while I would have problems with that as well, I  will tell you it is more critical than that because the Constitution  calls on us to meet, to assemble, and to have a quorum.   The Founding Fathers debated whether or not that quorum should be a  smaller-than-50-percent amount. And they determined that was not right  because then it would tilt power into the hands of those that live  closer to the Capitol, like Mr. Beyer, who apparently is carrying at  least nine proxies. It tilts powers into those people's hands and away  from the States that are further away, like Colorado and California.   Madam Speaker, I would submit to you that there is a reason that in  231 years this has never come up, even though they could have written a  letter. As I said before, they could have easily written a letter. They  could have written a letter, and said: Hey, I can't get there right  now, give my vote to my friend. They didn't do it.   They could have said: Hey, for purposes of a quorum, count me from  afar by letter. They knew how to write. Messages were traded all the  time. But, instead, they went to wherever the Capitol was at the time,  whether it be in Philadelphia, whether it be in Washington, D.C., at a  hotel, and they did the people's business. They did not cede that  authority to anyone else. They kept it for themselves. And that is what  the Constitution calls for. And you know what, as I said before, they  never did it. They never thought they should. They never thought they  could.   Madam Speaker, I have to tell you, we go all the way back to the  Declaration of Independence, and Caesar Rodney got on his horse while  deathly ill with cancer, suffering from asthma and the gout, to ride to  Philadelphia to cast the deciding vote for his State of Delaware  because he needed to be there live in order to do it. He needed to be  at the Capitol. He needed to be at the meeting place of this country,  even in its infancy, to cast the vote, no matter what. And he rode  through a storm.   And so we continue to have the policy--because it was the Founding  Fathers' wish, and because it is the right thing to do--that if you are  going to count as a quorum, you meet in the Capitol. You may designate  a different place for that Capitol. We might designate it in Colorado,  if need be.   But wherever the Capitol is designated, this body must come together,  representing the people from the various States of this Union. And, we,  each individual, shall cast our vote, not 10 votes here by one and 8  votes there by another, but one by one, each district as determined in  the decennial census shall cast their vote on each and every measure.  When we don't do that, we don't do our job. When we don't do our job,  we cast a doubt on every action we take.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.   