 Madam President, as our colleague just said tonight, you  can't even remember any other member of the Federal judiciary who  became a cultural icon, recognized only by their initials. RBG did, and  she earned her recognition and her place in history through an  astounding career fighting for gender equality, for the rights of LGBTQ  individuals, and for the rights of everybody who had been pushed to the  margins of American society.   Mitch McConnell and Donald Trump have now, unfortunately, made it  very clear that they are going to pull out all the stops to unravel the  exceptional work of Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and they are going to break  their own rule--their own rule. It is not something that was debated on  the other side. They decided to break their own rule pertaining to  election-year appointments to undo the historical record of Ruth Bader  Ginsburg.   For a moment, I want to compare this to another time. When I was a  young man right out of law school, I served for a number of years as  codirector of the Oregon Gray Panthers at home. Back then, just like  now, there were a lot of issues that were on people's minds. Just like  today, where there have been lists of issues miles long--from the  rights of LGBTQ Americans to workers' rights, to the ability of every  eligible American to vote, and much more--there was a similarly long  list of issues back when I worked with the senior citizens.   I made the judgment then, because of spending that time with older  people, that healthcare was far and away--far and away, colleagues--the  most important issue because if you and your loved ones don't have your  health, then pretty much everything else goes by the board. You can't  spend time with family. You can't achieve all you want in your job. You  can't even have a chance to walk about outside on a pleasant evening  like this. So healthcare to me and to millions of Americans is far and  away the most important issue in front of this body.   Now, this is the one issue--the one issue that will come up  immediately with the Trump-backed lawsuit going before the Court soon  after the election. So make no mistake about it, and I know it is  awfully hard to follow all the legalese and the procedural motions. At  one point my wife said--I think Senator Merkley may have heard this.  When my wife said she would marry me, she said: You are a lawyer, not  probably a particularly good one, but I am sure glad you did a good job  for the senior citizens. It is hard to follow all the legalese and all  the procedure.   When you set aside all of that surrounding the fact that healthcare  will be the one issue coming up immediately with the Trump-backed  lawsuits soon after the election, tonight we say to the American people  that healthcare in America is at stake. The Affordable Care Act is at  stake, and coverage for 130 million Americans with preexisting  conditions is at stake. If you don't trust Republicans with your  healthcare, you cannot trust Republicans with this Supreme Court seat.   Donald Trump and the Justice Department are suing to have the entire  Affordable Care Act thrown out--every last bit of it thrown out. So I  just want to walk through what this means from sea to shining sea.   If they are successful, the ironclad guaranteed coverage for  preexisting  [[Page S5760]]  conditions is gone; the ban on discrimination against women is gone;  the ban on annual and lifetime limits, gone; coverage for young people  on their parents' plans, gone; guaranteed essential benefits for all  with coverage, gone; no-cost contraceptives for women, gone; cheaper  prescription drugs for seniors on Medicare, gone; Medicaid coverage for  millions and millions of Americans, gone. Most importantly, colleagues,  because of the Affordable Care Act, millions of Americans can go to bed  tonight knowing that they will have secure, decent healthcare when they  wake up in the morning. If the Trump lawsuit is successful, that, too,  will be gone. That is the Trump agenda on the Affordable Care Act-- ripping it out by the roots no matter how much pain is inflicted on the  American people.   By the way, I made mention of the Gray Panthers. Let's understand. In  this country, we always love to move forward. This is a direct trip  back. The Affordable Care Act locked in protections for those with a  preexisting condition who had faced discrimination. A victory for  Donald Trump in court means you turn back the clock to the days when  healthcare was for the healthy and wealthy because that is what you  have if you allow discrimination against those with preexisting  conditions.   In 2017, the President tried and failed to get the Congress to repeal  the Affordable Care Act, so he couldn't get it done. My colleagues  here, Senator Schumer and Senator Merkley--we all remember that night  and John McCain's hugely consequential role. Donald Trump couldn't get  the Congress to repeal the Affordable Care Act, so now he is trying to  do it at the Supreme Court.   Donald Trump's Department of Justice is bringing to the Court--along  with dozens of Republican State attorneys general--what I think is a  lot of legal nonsense, but that might not matter to far-right activist  judges who would seize this opportunity to hand a big, big win to the  insurance companies, the drug companies, and other special interests at  the expense of Americans who are vulnerable.   Particularly after Justice Ginsburg's passing, there is a real chance  that the Supreme Court will hand down a partisan ruling giving the  President the win he wants so much over the Affordable Care Act. If he  gets to choose the person who takes the seat held by the revered RBG,  the Affordable Care Act will be gone, and the Republican healthcare  agenda is coming, and it is coming after vulnerable Americans from sea  to shining sea.   Donald Trump might tell you something different, but the American  people know he doesn't often tell the truth about healthcare. Once in a  while, the truth does come out. That is what happened one day back in  May, the last day he had the opportunity to pull out of this anti-ACA  lawsuit before the Court. The President was asked whether he might have  a last-minute change of heart, but he made his goal clear. He said:  ``We want to terminate healthcare under ObamaCare.'' That was in May.   Hospitals in COVID-19 hotspots around the Nation were full of  Americans at that time who were dying alone amid a global contagion  that had shut down our country. Not even a nationwide public health  disaster could get Donald Trump to reconsider his position on the  Affordable Care Act   If Donald Trump wins the Supreme Court case, having had the  coronavirus will be a preexisting condition, and insurance companies  can use it to discriminate against you.   It obviously goes without saying that the Trump agenda would leave  American healthcare in ruins. He has fraudulently promised a new and  comprehensive healthcare plan. We stopped counting after 9 or 10 times,  but it is all a fraud because all this administration has done since  day one is make healthcare worse and more expensive for Americans.   I have tried to point out that even Medicare is headed for a crisis  because of Donald Trump and his incompetent administration. He knew the  coronavirus was highly contagious and a lethal pandemic, but he denied  it for weeks and weeks while the virus spread nationwide. When the  pandemic eventually exploded, the economy shut down, and that has been  devastating, as I have pointed out, to the finances of Medicare. The  Medicare trust fund will be insolvent within 4 years during the next  Presidential term.   So we have said on the Finance Committee, where we have jurisdiction  over Medicare, that whoever wins this election is going to be in charge  during the biggest crisis Medicare has ever faced. If Donald Trump is  in charge, I believe it will be the end of the Medicare guarantee of  defined, secure, and high-quality benefits for the older people of this  country. Seniors may have to figure out some other way to pay for  healthcare, prescription drugs.   The bottom line is, wiping out the guarantee of healthcare is what  the Trump agenda has always been about--gutting the Affordable Care Act  through regulations, bringing back junk insurance, and cutting access  to women's healthcare. If Donald Trump fills the Ginsburg seat and has  the Supreme Court totally on his side, you can bet the courts will be  siding against typical Americans and for special interests with every  opportunity.   Let me close simply by touching on one other vital healthcare issue.  Women's healthcare--particularly reproductive healthcare--is right at  the center of this debate about the future of the Ginsburg seat.  Republican lawmakers have been trying to throw that away after more  than 45 years of settled law. They have been fighting to go against the  majority opinion of the American people and overturn Roe v. Wade,  denying a woman's right to access to healthcare that woman--that  woman--says she needs.   Even today, just a few hours ago, Senate Republicans dusted off a  decades-old anti-science battle against the safe and mainstream  reproductive health medication formerly known as RU486. The bill they  proposed, which Democrats have blocked, comes down to a backdoor ban on  safe and legal medication for reproductive healthcare. Major new  regulations restrict women's access to essential, time-sensitive  medications, putting the government right in between women and their  doctors. This is wrong, wrong, wrong. It was wrong when Republicans  were waging the same ideological battle 30 years ago and wrong when you  now try to take away women's reproductive healthcare choices, because  more women will die. What sense does it make to bring this anti-science  and anti-women's health proposal forward in the middle of a raging  pandemic?   Today, the country crossed a horrendous milestone--200,000 American  lives lost to COVID-19. All that mass death and suffering. Republicans  aren't working across the aisle to close the shortage gap on personal  protective gear or expand access to care; they are busy spending time  waging an endless campaign against women getting healthcare.   With the passing of Justice Ginsburg, the campaign reaches a new  stage. In my view, it is not just a question of what happens to Roe v.  Wade or access to therapies and drugs; it is about a much bigger and  more dangerous proposition--government control over women's bodies.  Donald Trump and the Republican Party are working toward that kind of  government control, and it means government control over women's  futures. That is what is at stake. That is what Justice Ginsburg fought  so hard against.   She has left, as I call it, an astounding legacy of fighting on the  side of fairness and equality again and again for so many people who  didn't have power, didn't have clout, and didn't have lobbies. What an  American hero. In my view, she has made it clear for all of us here  that now, to protect her legacy, we have an immediate, five-alarm,  DEFCON issue, and that is healthcare, healthcare, healthcare.   As I have been saying since late Friday night, if you don't trust  Republicans with your healthcare, you cannot trust Republicans with  this election or this Supreme Court seat.   I yield the floor.   