 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, Arkansas is known as the Natural State,  and few have been more dedicated to preserving Arkansas in all of its  natural beauty than was Joe Morgan.   Joe passed away last month at the age of 76. Joe was a lifelong  Arkansan. He studied at Little Rock University--now the University of  Arkansas-Little Rock--and he worked for many years as a car dealer for  great American companies like General Motors and Chevrolet. He also  served on the Arkansas Motor Vehicle Commission.   But Joe will probably be remembered most for his tireless advocacy on  behalf of Arkansas' natural heritage and environment. Governor  Hutchinson appointed Joe to the Arkansas Game and Fish Commission,  where he quickly established himself as a champion for Arkansas duck  hunters and the wilderness upon which they rely.   Joe hunted and fished in Stuttgart, the duck capital of the world. As  a member of the commission, he made it his mission to ensure duck  hunting remained a gentleman's sport and to preserve the hunting  grounds he knew and loved so they would be available to future  generations of Arkansans.   He was especially passionate about preserving Bayou Meto Waterfowl  Management Area, one of the crown jewels of duck hunting in Arkansas.   He was instrumental in implementing safe boating regulations to  protect hunters and waterfowl populations alike. He imposed time limits  on when boats could be out on the water to preserve the health and  sustainability of the duck population.   Joe's first priority was always to his fellow Arkansans. He pressed  for limits on when nonresidents could hunt to ensure that locals were  never pushed out of the hunting spots they grew up with.   Joe's fellow commissioners will remember him as a dogged defender of  hunting and fishing in Arkansas. His wife of 56 years, Judy, and his  son, Brett, will remember him as a loving husband and father who was  always ready with a joke--and always ready for a good shoot, a round of  golf, or even a jaunt in his trusty Cessna 182.   As for me, I will remember Joe as a friend. I met Joe in my early  campaigns, and we became fast friends. We talked and texted often. He  even hosted me, with friends, in North Carolina to speak about  Republican politics.   Joe Morgan may have left us, but he left his heart in Arkansas--in  the well-stocked, flooded timber of Bayou Meto, which he helped to  preserve.   In a fitting tribute to his legacy, Joe passed away on the opening  day for duck hunting in Arkansas. Every hunter who enjoys Arkansas'  natural beauty this season and every season in the future can thank Joe  for the experience.   May he rest in peace.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   