 Madam Speaker, we all have these memories  of Mr. Lewis, and some of you knew him far longer and far better than I  did, but I can just tell you this: The time that I spent with Mr. Lewis  that I remember the most was not so much in a committee hearing or not  so much on the floor, but in March of 2015 when I took my 8-year-old  grandson to Selma for the 50th anniversary of crossing the Edmund  Pettus Bridge.    We started off in Birmingham and went to the Baptist church. And  George, my grandson, could not understand, when we were looking at  this, he was looking at some men in hoods. He said: Grandpa, who are  those guys?   I said: Those are the Ku Klux Klan.   He said: Who are they?   I said: George, these are people that you don't want to be associated  with. They are haters.   He said: Well, what did they do?   I said: Well, this is the church they bombed, and they killed little  girls that were practicing for a choir.   And he goes: Why would anybody want to kill little girls?   I said: Because they were filled with hate. They weren't filled with  love.   Now, at that same trip, Mr. Lewis was with us. Mr. Lewis was there.  And I said: Mr. Lewis, I just want you to meet my grandson, George.   And he stopped and he talked to George.   And George said to him: Mr. Lewis, why do they have on hoods? If they  are so tough and they are so brave and they are so courageous, why did  they have to wear a hood?   He said: George, at 8-years-old, you get it far better than some  adults do.   Now, we go to the Edmund Pettus Bridge, and Mr. Lewis stops to take  time to talk to a little boy. Not for a minute, not if you stand off to  the side, son, I will get with you later on.   No, he stops, he walks away from other people who were surrounding  him and talking to him, and he stoops down  [[Page H3970]]  and he talks to an 8-year-old boy to tell him how proud he is that that  child is going to walk across the Edmund Pettus Bridge with him.   And as I watched that, I thought, what better example could any  person give to a child than to spend that time with them. And I thought  at that point, Mr. Lewis and I are both grandfathers. What an example  for grandfathers, not just an example for fellow Americans, but what an  example of who this man really was.   And if you look on his tombstone, it is going to say born February  21, 1940; died July 17, 2020--80 years. The time between his birth and  the time between his death are some of the most significant years in  our country's history of someone who stopped to recognize what was  going on and said: Not on my time. I will do everything I can to change  this. I will go through any sacrifice. I will endure any type of pain,  any type of ridicule, any type of beatings to prove a point to say, It  is time.   The one thing I always thought--I never, ever called him ``John'' by  the way, because I just thought that would be disrespectful. Some of  you know him much better than I did, so it was always ``Mr. Lewis.''   Mr. Lewis, every time I would see him, I would say: Good morning, Mr.  Lewis. He would say: Good morning, my brother. We would have a  subcommittee meeting, and I would say: Mr. Lewis, it was really good  being with you. He would say: It was good being with you, my brother.   And I say tonight, as we are here, we are not saying ``good-bye, my  brother.'' We are saying, ``until we meet again, my brother.'' What a  phenomenal human being and somebody who is going to be missed forever-- 80 years of being the finest example of humankind you could possibly  be.   Mr. Chairman, thank you for allowing us to speak tonight. This is  truly a family of the Committee on Ways and Means. We really do  appreciate each other.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman  from California (Mr. Panetta).    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman  from California (Mr. Gomez).    Madam Chair, I thank Chairman Neal so much  for hosting this Special Order.   We truly are a family, and at times like this, that really comes out.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   