 Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Congressman  Khanna for his hard work on this amendment.   All we have heard from our friends across the aisle this morning is a  parade of horribles unsubstantiated in fact or law. In fact, we brought  together a bipartisan coalition to reassert in this body our  constitutional duty in matters of war and peace.   After nearly two decades in the Middle East, Americans have tired of  endless wars. We have lost far too many lives and spent far too much  money with little progress.   President Trump's reckless escalations with Iran and his abandonment  of our allies have made America and the world less safe. He has no  strategy to counter Iran's nuclear ambitions or deter Iranian  aggression and malign influence. His rhetoric has put our troops in  harm's way and isolated the United States on the world stage.   With this amendment, we assert on behalf of the American people that  war with Iran is not in the best interests of our country; we assert  that the President does not have a blank check to commit more American  lives to yet another war in the Middle East; and we recommit ourselves  to robust diplomacy and the need for an open dialogue with even our  fiercest adversaries.    Madam Speaker, I was deployed to Iraq in 2004  and served with the most patriotic Americans and committed Iraqi  partners in Baghdad, Fallujah, Kirkuk, and Mosul.   While the justification for that war was fundamentally flawed, our  authorized mission was to defend the national security of the United  States from the continuing threat posed by the Government of Iraq.   Yes, we continue to counter ISIS in Iraq, but the Government of Iraq  no longer poses a threat to our national security, and that is why I  advocate for the repeal of the 2002 AUMF.   We have a responsibility to the men and women who wear the uniform to  ensure that the authorized missions they execute are targeted, defined,  and achievable. We cannot accomplish that goal with a nearly two- decade-old authorization that doesn't recognize the current landscape.   With this amendment, we officially end America's 2002 mission in  Iraq.   