 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I am here  to speak about a very important issue facing our veterans in Montana.  In Montana, we are home to one of the largest veteran per capita  population in the Nation. It is an extraordinary privilege for me to  represent our veterans.   I am the son of a veteran, a marine. In the U.S. Senate, I represent  Montana's brave men and women who serve our country in uniform, and I  have had the opportunity to hear concerns from our veterans in all  corners of our State. That is why I am here today.   Last spring, the widow of a Montana veteran, Patricia Pardue, who  lives in Northwest Montana, approached me with a heartbreaking story.  Patricia saw nearly all of her pension benefits that her husband had  earned in service to our country stripped away by a scam artist.   This scam artist is also referred to as a pension poacher. This scam  artist was receiving Patricia's full VA pension, charging her for  services that would have been free at the VA.   Sadly, Patricia's story is not a rare occurrence. There are bad  actors across the country taking advantage of innocent Montanans like  Patricia, and they need to be stopped. After hearing her story, I  introduced a bipartisan bill to protect our veterans and their families  from these pension poachers.   My bill has the support of Senators across both sides of the aisle,  as well as the support of the Military Order of the Purple Heart of the  USA, the National Association of County Veterans Service Officers, the  Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans Association, and other military and  veterans associations.   This is a bipartisan bill. It punishes those who act illegally by  providing advice or representation to veterans without proper  accreditation from the VA. It is a shame we are even in this position  today, that there are people out there looking to take advantage of our  Nation's heroes.   Today, there are no legal consequences for these people--these  shameful and unpatriotic individuals who steal money from our Nation's  veterans. It is shameful. That is why I am fighting to include this  bipartisan bill as an amendment to the defense legislation, the NDAA,  before us today--to protect our servicemembers throughout their lives,  not just while in uniform but always.   Right now, we can take an important step to do everything in our  power to ensure veterans and their families keep their benefits, not  lose them to scammers. The longer we wait to fix this issue, the longer  we are failing our veterans and their financial well-being.   We can fix that right here, right now. That is why I am calling on my  colleagues today to adopt my amendment to the NDAA--to protect our  veterans, to protect the great men and women who have served in the  defense of our country.   I will stand by the Montana veterans, and I will continue fighting  this fight until we get this done. Therefore, I ask the Senator to  modify his request to include the Daines amendment, No. 2481.   