 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this spring, I was talking with a grocery  store worker in Ohio, who told me: ``They call me essential, but I feel  expendable.'' That grocery store worker and thousands of others who are  on the frontlines of this pandemic risk their lives so that Americans  can keep food on their tables and get their packages delivered. They  change linen in hospitals. They drive city buses or rural buses. They  stock shelves in supermarkets.   When these workers go home at night, having been exposed to the  public pretty much their whole workday, they worry they are going to  bring the virus home and infect their families.   It is essential workers keeping our society going. A number of  American corporations claim to recognize this. They have run feel-good  ads--at least they did early in the pandemic--saying ``thank you'' to  essential workers, claiming these workers are the heart of their  companies.   But saying ``thank you'' is not nearly enough. Workers don't need a  PR campaign. They need fair pay and protections on the job. These  corporations get positive press off their workers while too often  paying them poverty wages and, in too many cases, failing to protect  their safety in the workplace.   I wrote an open letter this summer to corporate executives, published  in their paper of record, the Wall Street Journal. I said to these  corporations: You say your workers are essential. Then treat them that  way. Our economy is supposed to reward people whose talents are in high  demand. That is what we are all taught. That is what you always tell  us; right? These workers' skills keep our economy going. Their  paychecks should reflect that.   It has been 6 months since that letter was published. It may surprise  no one to learn that my phone has not been ringing off the hook with  calls from CEOs who want to discuss renewed efforts to invest in their  workers.   All that has changed is that corporate profits have gone up, hazard  pay has disappeared, and more workers have died. Profits are up at most  of the biggest companies, especially the largest retail companies.   The Brookings Institution studied the 13 biggest retailers in this  country and found that their earnings have shot up 39 percent compared  with last year, and stock prices are up 33 percent. Guess how much  wages have gone up. One dollar an hour.   The Washington Post looked at the 50 biggest corporations. Between  April and September, these companies handed out more than $240  billion--240,000 million, $240 billion--to their stockholders through  stock buybacks and dividends.   It is workers making these companies successful. It is workers  risking their lives on the job, but shareholders got nearly 8 percent  of the profits workers created.   Look at Amazon. The company's quarterly profits increased by a  staggering 200 percent. But that same Amazon rolled back its tiny $2- an-hour raise in June and announced a bonus of just $300 per worker.  You heard that correctly--not $3,000 but $300, from a company that  brought in $280 billion in revenue last year.   If even a global pandemic, where American workers have been on the  frontlines--if even that--will not get corporations to rethink their  business model that treats workers as expendable, then, frankly, it is  time--and my colleagues should hear this--to stop letting them run this  economy.   They had their chance. They failed. Just look around us. If corporate  America won't deliver for its workers, it is time we step in and create  a better system, centered on the dignity of work.   The American people have made it clear that they want a government  that is on the side of workers. Eighty-one million voters gave Joe  Biden a decisive victory of more than 7 million votes. That is a  mandate for change.   In June, I laid out actions that corporations could take on their  own, like raising base pay to $15 an hour. Since they mostly refused,  we should raise the Federal minimum wage to $15 an hour.   Workers are still not safe on the job. So President Biden can  immediately issue an OSHA, or Occupational Safety and Health  Administration, emergency temporary standard forcing corporations to  protect their workers.   Many companies still deny their employees paid sick leave, even  during a pandemic. So we have to pass a national paid family leave  plan.   Corporations are expanding rather than ending their exploitive  ``independent contractor'' business model. So we are going to have to  use the law to make them treat their workers as true employees. You  know how they do it: Particularly large corporations will contract out  custodial work, security work, and food service work in their company  cafeteria, for instance. They contract it out to a private company that  pays much less than the corporation pays, often wages barely above the  minimum wage. Those workers should have to be treated like workers  living under American labor law.   Corporations continue to coerce workers out of forming unions. So we  need to pass the PRO Act--Protecting Our Right to Organize Act--to  empower workers with a voice in their workplace.   The economy isn't physics. It is not governed by a scientific law  outside our control. It is made up of people making choices about our  values and in what kind of society we want to live.   That is the reason we have an Occupational Safety and Health  Administration. It is why we have these agencies: to make sure that  workers are treated fairly to begin with.   We have the power to change how the economy works so that it rewards  work instead of greed. We can create more jobs at middle-class wages.  We can give people power over their lives and schedules. We can expand  economic security and opportunity for everyone.   Americans voted for this change. Americans aren't going to wait for  corporations to reform themselves on their own. That is for sure. They  never have. They never will. It is up to the rest of us to deliver for  the people whom we serve and create a country where all work has  dignity.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    I agree and agree to work with Chairman Crapo and with his  successor as Banking Committee chairman, with Senator Grassley, and  with appropriate administration officials consistent with that intent.  I share the desire to ensure that adequate funds are provided and agree  that the best way to do so is through the creation of a fund that is to  be used exclusively for the payment of whistleblower awards. Such a  fund should also provide for awards of at least 10 percent of the funds  in cases covered by the bill. I will work with Senator Grassley to make  clear that this is our intent to administration officials.   