 Mr. Speaker, today we are voting on the HEROES Act, two  days after the Chairman of the Federal Reserve Board, Jerome Powell  very bluntly stated that the Federal Reserve has exhausted its capacity  to maintain liquidity in our financial markets, and that given the  severity of this recession, the Congress needs to step up again to  provide more fiscal relief to keep this country from going into a  tailspin. He went on to say a protracted recession will do far more  damage than the cost of the measures we're voting on. He was very  explicit--fiscal policy is going to be costly, but the harm that would  be done if we undershoot providing relief for individuals, households,  and communities will be far more expensive in the long term than if  Congress acts in a timely fashion.   This bill does a number of things--it is a lengthy bill, but  fundamentally it provides support for states and local communities to  keep the lights on in terms of vital public services, and deal with the  fact that revenue is collapsing with the economic downturn we are  experiencing. The bill includes a bipartisan request from the National  Governors Association for $500 billion to states hard hit by the  Coronavirus. The State of Connecticut, which has done a great job in  terms of shoring up its rainy day fund is going through those funds at  a very rapid rate, and this measure will help stabilize state and local  finances over two years. Not only is this money just targeting larger  municipalities, but also communities of less than 50,000 residents.  That's funding directly to small towns like Vernon, where I live, which  is a community with 30,000 people, and many of the more than 60  communities in the second Congressional district. This means we can  protect our school systems, our public safety programs, and essential  services like public works that are the underpinning of economic  activity we would be hardpressed to maintain if we don't step in with  some real fiscal relief.   There will also be for the first time, a real financial recognition  of those workers who throughout this whole ordeal have been deemed  essential, have been going to work, and have been keeping this country  going. Whether that's health care services like nursing staff in  hospitals, janitors, food supply workers, people in meatpacking plants,  and in grocery stores that have kept this country fed. It also includes  the people who have to go to work as a result of an order from the  Pentagon, like the shipyard workers down in Groton, who are  specifically enumerated in this bill as being eligible for hazard pay.  These workers will be rewarded with premium pay for their essential  work, on top of their normal wages, if this bill becomes law.   There are many other important provisions in this bill, from help to  the unemployed, to hospitals, to farmers, to further direct assistance  to families, all of which are gravely needed. I want to thank the  people of the Second district for the strong input that our office has  received. It is my hope that this important emergency response effort  becomes law.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6800, the Health and Economic  Recovery Omnibus Emergency Solutions (HEROES) Act. Our nation is  experiencing unprecedented job loss as our communities deal with a  global health pandemic that is responsible for the deaths of more than  85,000 individuals in our country in just the past few months. We  cannot wait another day, another week, or another month to take action.  Our communities need help now and they are looking to Congress to lead.  I'm grateful for the leadership of the House of Representatives,  Speaker Pelosi, and our committee chairs and staff for working with us  to put together an ambitious bill that will send needed help to  individuals and families in the form of an additional direct stimulus  payment; to our state and local governments, which are experiencing  extreme budget shortfalls; and to our small businesses that are the  backbone of our local economies and the heart of our communities.  Although I am disappointed that the bill does not include several  provisions including ongoing payments for individuals and families,  additional funding to support child care, and a strong investment in  our workforce systems, among other things, I will support this step  forward.   We heard loud and clear from our state and local governments--they  need more support to keep our communities safe. This bill includes $915  billion in emergency funding to state and local governments, funding  that can be used to help prevent teacher job loss and funding cuts to  education and, importantly, the bill expands the use of funds to cover  lost, delayed, or decreased revenue from the public health emergency.  The HEROES Act also includes $90 billion for the State Fiscal  Stabilization Fund that can be used to provide emergency support to  students--including Dreamers, who were previously excluded from  receiving emergency grants--schools, and institutions of higher  education. These funds are critical to supporting public colleges and  universities, addressing student mental health needs, and purchasing  technology and mobile hotspots to support distance learning. Under this  proposal, my home state of Oregon would receive approximately $980  million.   During this public health crisis, no one should have to choose  between affording basic needs or making payments on their student  loans. The CARES Act suspended involuntary collection like wage  garnishment or reduction of Social Security payments for delinquent  federally-owned student loans. The HEROES Act follows my recommendation  to extend these protections to all borrowers, including those who have  privately held student loans.   Building on my earlier efforts to make sure K12 students can access  school meals during school closures, this legislation funds school meal  and child and adult care food programs with emergency relief that will  help schools continue to meet the needs of children and their families.  This bill will further help families  [[Page H2251]]  access nutritious meals by increasing the SNAP benefit level by 15  percent.   I am grateful that this bill provides $7 billion for child care, but  this is far from the investment that is needed to support families,  providers, and the child care workforce at this critical time. I will  continue to fight for significant, additional funding in future relief  packages. If child care is not available and affordable, families will  be not be able to return to work. Additionally, I will continue to  fight for additional funding for the Community Services Block Grant  program to support the vital anti-poverty work of the more than 1,000  Community Action agencies across this country.   We cannot overcome this virus until we drastically increase our  public health efforts. The HEROES Act provides crucial funding to  conduct national testing, implement a contact tracing and surveillance  strategy, and allow all Americans to seek treatment for COVID-19  without worrying about the cost. The bill also increases support for  our frontline health care providers, invests in public health  infrastructure, and expands access to health coverage whether employer- provided, publicly supported, or on the open market. The HEROES Act  also provides key resources to older adults and people with  disabilities. The bill provides an additional $85 million in funding  for Older Americans Act (OAA) programs that were reauthorized earlier  this year by legislation I was proud to lead. This means more resources  for supportive services, nutrition programs, assistive technology, and  elder rights protection activities.   The direct payments to individuals in the CARES Act was an important  first step, but I know that too many people in Northwest Oregon and  across the country need more support during this health and economic  crisis. Although this bill does not provide at least $2,000 per month  for individuals through the duration of the pandemic, which I advocated  for, it does provide a second stimulus payment of $1200 to most  individuals and, importantly, it retroactively fixes a problem in CARES  and will now extend direct payments to individuals filing with  Individual Taxpayer Identification Numbers.   More than 396,000 Oregonians have filed for unemployment insurance in  the last two months. I know how important this support is during the  pandemic, and I'm working in Congress to strengthen and expedite access  to these benefits. The HEROES Act expands the additional $600 in  federal benefits added to every weekly unemployment compensation check  through January 2021, and it extends eligibility for self-employed  individuals, gig economy workers, and independent contractors. This  vital economic support must continue until workers can safely get back  on the job. Also it is truly unfortunate that, despite the merits of a  more comprehensive approach, the HEROES Act does not include the  Paycheck Guarantee Act, legislation spearheaded by Congresswoman  Pramila Jayapal. The Paycheck Guarantee Act would allow most  individuals to stay on payroll during this national emergency and keep  their benefits, and it would also significantly reduce the number of  people filing for Unemployment Insurance. I will continue to advocate  for creative approaches like the Paycheck Guarantee Act that maximize  the benefits to workers and the economy while also reducing  bureaucracy.    We need to do more to protect workers from hazardous conditions on  the job, and I will keep fighting for workplace protections and  personal protective equipment for all workers during the COVID-19  pandemic. I am an original cosponsor of the COVID-19 Every Worker  Protection Act, and I'm pleased that it is included in the HEROES Act  with additional funding for the Occupational Safety and Health  Administration. Protecting essential workers during the pandemic is one  of my top priorities. I have also advocated for premium pay for  essential workers to recognize their role in sustaining our communities  and the sacrifices they are making during the pandemic. The HEROES Act  will provide frontline workers who are in contact with patients, the  public, or co-workers--including grocery store workers, health care  workers, and first responders--with an additional $13 per hour in  premium pay on top of regular wages, up to $10,000.   As more communities start to lift stay-at-home orders, all workers  need access to paid family, medical, and sick leave benefits. The  HEROES Act will help expand access to emergency paid sick leave and  emergency paid family and medical leave by eliminating exemptions for  health care workers, first responders, workers at businesses with fewer  than 50 employees, and workers at businesses with 500 or more  employees. And I will keep working with my colleagues to secure  permanent paid sick leave and paid family and medical leave for all  workers.   I started working at Legal Aid while I attended community college,  and learned there that people do not struggle by choice. With our  national economy upended, consumers face even greater financial  hardships and predatory actors continue to take advantage of people  facing this crisis. We should have implemented the strengthened  consumer protections in the HEROES Act at the beginning of this crisis,  and I have continued calls for their passage. I'm glad that the HEROES  Act suspends consumer debt collection during the COVID-19 emergency and  for 120 days after the end of the national emergency to make sure  consumers can fully recover. I worked with the Congressional  Progressive Caucus to make debt collection suspension a priority in  relief legislation.   We know that Oregonians are struggling through no fault of their own,  and they should not be further harmed financially. Negative credit  reporting will be suspended under the HEROES Act for the duration of  this crisis and any future national emergencies. This is an essential  step to safeguard consumers most affected by the current outbreak. I  have also continued to call for medical debt collection and credit  reporting suspensions--needed reforms to prevent a hospital visit from  destroying the credit of consumers. I am glad to see that medical debt  related to coronavirus treatments will not result in adverse credit  information; however, we must give consumers the flexibility to settle  their medical debt before it shows up on a credit report and we must  continue to fight so everyone can access affordable health care.   The HEROES Act also clarifies the intent of the CARES Act by  preventing the garnishment, levy, or seizing of direct payment for  private debts. I have been a vocal advocate for stopping unfair  garnishment and protecting payments like Social Security and other  essential earned benefits.   Oregon has strong laws to prevent unfair price hikes during crises  like the current pandemic. I am continuing to work with Oregon Attorney  General Ellen Rosenblum on ways to expand Oregon's protections to all  Americans. It's beneficial that the HEROES Act includes provisions to  stop unconscionably excessive prices on necessities like food, hygiene  products, personal protective equipment, and health services.   Workforce boards, labor unions, community colleges, community-based  organizations, small businesses, and other stakeholders are training  health care, direct care, and frontline workers, but they are in  desperate need of more resources. I am pleased that the HEROES Act  includes $2.5 billion for adult education, youth training, dislocated  worker grants, migrant and seasonal farmworker programs, and public  health worker recruitment and training as authorized in the Workforce  Innovation and Opportunity Act, but this funding is insufficient to  meet the scale of the crisis at hand. For comparison, the American  Reinvestment and Recovery Act provided more than $7.7 billion in  workforce funding. To respond to the economic consequences of the  coronavirus pandemic, we need at least $15 .1 billion in supplemental  federal investments to help prevent further layoffs and provide  dislocated workers and employers with access to employment services  like training, career navigation, and supportive services. I will keep  working with my colleagues on the Education and Labor Committee to  advance the Relaunching America's Workforce Act because the historic  unemployment levels over the last two months require an equally  historic response to support workers.   No one should be forced to choose between paying their bills and  paying for food, but as Oregonians face the ongoing economic  consequences of COVID-19, this is becoming a reality for too many  working families. This bill includes $175 billion to assist renters and  homeowners make monthly rent, mortgage and utility payments, and other  housingrelated costs. The Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program  (LIHEAP) is an important wraparound support that helps low-income  families pay for heating and cooling bills. The HEROES Act includes  another $1.5 billion in supplemental funding for LIHEAP, but many more  households will need and likely qualify for assistance in the coming  weeks and months. Additionally, as individuals comply with stay-at-home  orders across the country during the pandemic, they will likely be  using more electricity and heat or air conditioning to keep their homes  habitable. As we work to craft the next response package, I will keep  fighting for more funding for LIHEAP to provide tangible assistance to  families who are struggling to pay their bills. I also advocated for  assistance similar to LIHEAP that would help households economically  affected by COVID-19 with drinking water and wastewater services during  this national emergency. The HEROES Act includes an additional $1.5  billion for this support.   The success of our economic recovery will depend on the success of  our small businesses. The Paycheck Protection Program was a good first  lifeline for many, but many business owners are concerned about  artificial timelines and a lack of flexibility in the program. I'm glad  that the HEROES Act will extend the coverage period to the end of 2020  and give businesses additional flexibility while still adhering to  local stay-at-home orders that  [[Page H2252]]  may not allow them to fully open and resume operating for some time to  come. The bill would also expand PPP eligibility to additional  nonprofit organizations of all types and sizes, as well as provide an  additional $10 billion in economic injury disaster grants (EIDL)  through the Small Business Administration.   Fisheries are an important part of our economy in Northwest Oregon,  and I know that our coastal communities need more assistance to get  through these challenging times. The HEROES Act provides an additional  $100 million in disaster funding, and I will keep working to secure  more direct assistance for fisheries and the domestic seafood supply  chain. Northwest Oregon is known for its prestigious specialty crops,  and our farmers have been struggling to make ends meet during the  pandemic. The HEROES Act will also support our specialty crop farmers  by providing $100 million for specialty crop grants and $50 million for  support for local farmers markets and other direct to consumer markets.   This bill addresses one of the key shortcomings of previous  legislative efforts; the exclusion of individuals from direct economic  relief because of their immigration status. The HEROES Act  retroactively extends direct payments to mixed-status families and  immigrants who file taxes using ITINs, and it expands eligibility for  other economic support. It removes barriers to testing, treatment,  vaccines, and other health care based solely on immigration status and  automatically extends work permits for individuals with DACA or TPS.  The bill offers protections from ICE removal and employment  authorization for individuals in critical industries, including  agricultural workers and meatpackers. It also requires ICE to review  its detention policies and find alternatives for individuals not  subject to mandatory detention.   Importantly, the HEROES Act strengthens our democratic institutions  with new resources to conduct secure, reliable elections using vote-by- mail. Oregonians have used this trusted method of voting for more than  twenty years, and it should be implemented nationwide as a simple and  safe solution that will increase access while allowing voters to  maintain physical distancing measures.   We must act quickly and decisively to curb the spread of COVID-19 and  create conditions that will allow us to begin our recovery, but we must  also act boldly so our response is sufficient to prevent a widespread  resurgence of the virus. We must also not leave behind any segment of  our society as we work to repair the immense and harmful economic  damage that we see across Oregon and the country. We are all safer and  healthier when everyone in our communities is safer and healthier. I  commend House leadership for putting forward a proposal that  responsibly addresses the desperate need we are currently facing while  also acknowledging the potentially disastrous costs of doing too  little. I urge all my colleagues to support our nurses, first  responders, grocery workers, and all frontline heroes by supporting  this legislation.   