 Mr. Speaker, this is my fourth speech in a  series on voter fraud, election theft, and the Presidential election.   For emphasis, the Constitution mandates that Congress, not unelected  Federal judges, renders the final verdict on who won the 2020  Presidential election.   Today, I begin addressing systemic flaws in America's election  process that promote voter fraud and election theft, undermine  America's election system, and threaten public trust in our Republic.   In America, only citizens are lawfully allowed to vote and control  America's elections and destiny, yet, deplorably, in 1993, Democrats  rammed through Congress the National Voter Registration Act that,  incredibly, makes it illegal--illegal--to require proof of citizenship  that prevents illegal aliens and noncitizens from registering to vote.   Why do Democrats undermine our Republic to make illegal alien and  noncitizen voting easier? To win elections, of course.   It is no secret to Democrats or Republicans that, consistent with a  2014 study by Old Dominion University and George Mason University  professors, noncitizens and illegal aliens vote 80 percent of the time  for Democrats.   Mr. Speaker, there are many tens of millions of illegal aliens and  other noncitizens in America. In 2010, the Census found 11 million  illegal aliens in America. A 2018 Yale study estimated as many as 22  million illegal aliens in America. There are simply so many, that no  one can keep track of how many.   Similarly, no one knows how massive the illegal alien voting bloc is  or how many voted in 2020. Hundreds of thousands? Oh, most certainly.  Millions? Very likely.   But what we do know for sure is that the illegal alien voting bloc  was large enough and critical enough to winning the Presidential race,  that at the October 22 Presidential debate, Joe Biden openly and  publicly solicited their illegal votes by promising: ``Within 100 days,  I am going to send to the United States Congress a pathway to  citizenship for over 11 million undocumented people.''   Think about that for a moment. A Presidential candidate on national  TV promises amnesty and citizenship to illegal aliens in hopes of  inspiring them to illegally register to vote and vote for that  candidate.   If that brazen solicitation of illegal voting for up to 22 million  illegal aliens is not criminal solicitation of voter fraud and election  theft, it darn well ought to be.   And don't think for a moment that Joe Biden did not know exactly what  he was doing. After all, on May 11, 1993, then Senator Joe Biden  personally voted for the National Voter Registration Act that makes it  illegal--illegal--to require proof of citizenship when illegal aliens  and other noncitizens seek to register to vote.   Mr. Speaker, all Americans deserve an election system that stops  voter fraud, prevents election theft, and accurately records only  lawful votes cast by eligible American citizens. Unfortunately,  America's election system is so riddled with systemic flaws that far  too many elections are stolen from candidates and the American people.   In my judgment, that is exactly what happened in the 2020  Presidential election, where the election theft was so massive as to  favorably compare to that old adage: You can't see the forest for the  trees.   Again, in my judgment, if only lawful votes cast by eligible American  citizens are counted, President Trump handily won the electoral college  and a second term as President.   As such, it is my duty, under the United States Constitution, on  January 6, if the required one Senator will join me, to object to and  later vote to reject electoral college vote submissions from States  whose election systems are so badly flawed as to render  [[Page H6051]]  their vote submissions unreliable, untrustworthy, and unworthy of  acceptance.   