 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, the Disabled American Veterans is  celebrating 100 years of helping military veterans, and I rise to  recognize this remarkable occasion.   Throughout its history, the DAV has been influential in identifying  ways to best support our veterans--from pushing for the consolidation  of veterans programs, in its early years, to direct outreach to  veterans in communities with the launch of the Field Service Unit  Program, to pressing for more funding for VA healthcare and benefits.   There has been so much progress in advancing veterans services thanks  to the DAV's efforts. The organization's members and partners have a  lot to be proud of. DAV members have been leading advocates for injured  and ill veterans and their families, which has made a difference for  countless wounded warriors. The DAV's advocacy has helped and continues  to build better lives for disabled veterans. We are thankful for the  more than 1 million DAV members and auxiliary members who are doing  great work to ensure our country keeps the promise we made to the men  and women who have served in uniform.   This week, members of the DAV Department of Arkansas are visiting the  Nation's Capital to share the organization's legislative priorities for  2020. They are part of an extensive network that has been influential  in identifying how the Department of Veterans Affairs can strengthen  its services. They are among the DAV members from across the country  who are in Washington, DC, to advocate on behalf of veterans.   There is simply no substitute for coming to our Nation's Capital and  visiting with Members of Congress to let them know of DAV's priorities.  These include strengthening veterans mental healthcare and suicide  prevention programs, improving benefits and services for women veterans  and ensuring veterans who have been exposed to toxic substances receive  full and timely benefits. The good news is we are working on these  priorities because we all agree that our veterans deserve nothing less  than quality care and the benefits they have earned.   Last month, the Senate's Committee on Veterans' Affairs advanced the  Commander John Scott Hannon Veterans Mental Health Care Improvement  Act. This comprehensive legislation will strengthen our ability to  provide veterans with the mental healthcare they need. It includes  language Senator Warner and I authored to leverage the services of  veteran-serving nonprofits and other community networks in our overall  strategy to reduce veteran suicides.   VA Ranking Member Tester and I are also working to improve services  to our women veterans. Our Deborah Sampson Act legislation would  eliminate barriers to care and services that many women veterans face  and would help to ensure the VA could address the needs for women,  which is so critical because they are more likely to face homelessness,  unemployment, and to go without needed healthcare. We are pleased to  have the support of the DAV for this important legislation.   I am proud to cosponsor the Veterans Burn Pit Exposure Recognition  Act, which would allow veterans who suffer from the effects of burn  pits to get the benefits and services they have earned.   I encourage my colleagues to support these bills so we can provide  the resources that have been promised to our veterans.   For years, the DAV members have supported the passage of the Blue  Water Navy bill. Thanks, in part, to their advocacy, Congress approved  this critical legislation last year that extends benefits to more  veterans who were exposed to toxic chemicals during the Vietnam war.   The DAV's attention extends beyond the Halls of Congress. Its  National Service Program helps to direct services to veterans across  the country.   I applaud the efforts of the more than 11,000 DAV members in Arkansas  whose outreach is helping veterans to understand and access their  benefits. They have spent countless hours in advising fellow veterans  about the assistance they qualify for and in helping them fill out the  paperwork to secure those benefits through the VA.   One of the well-known services provided by the DAV is the  transportation of veterans to VA medical centers and hospitals. In  rural States like Arkansas, the services these volunteers offer is  critical to meeting veterans' healthcare needs. The Arkansas fleet is  made up of 16 vans. Last year, more than 6,600 veterans were driven to  medical appointments with the help of volunteers who logged more than  18,000 hours behind the wheel.   I look forward to continuing to work with DAV members as Congress  crafts and reforms policies to improve services for veterans and their  families.   This country made a promise to our veterans that we must live up to,  and I am proud to join with the DAV to ensure we follow through on that  commitment. In working together, we can find solutions and take action  to deliver the results veterans have earned and expect. We will  continue looking to the DAV to understand how we can improve the lives  of the men and women who have served in uniform.   As a member of the Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs and as  chairman of the Senate Appropriations subcommittee that oversees VA  funding, I have seen the dedication of the DAV to support disabled  veterans in Arkansas and across the country. I am proud to recognize  the DAV on its 100 years of engaging veterans, in its advocating to  advance benefits, services, and care, and in its making a positive  difference in the lives of veterans and their families.   