 Mr. President, first of all, I want to associate myself  with the message delivered just a little bit ago by my senior Senator  from North Dakota, Senator Hoeven, and echo his words about the  importance of farmers and ranchers, all of our agricultural producers-- those who produce the food and the fiber and the fuel for our country.   They need assistance, and I am really grateful that Senator Hoeven  has played such a lead role in getting them assistance in the HEALS  Act. It is critical   I want to join the rest of my colleagues today in discussing the  HEALS Act and demonstrating our support for the merit of this important  bill. The ultimate answer to the problems that we face as a result of  this virus, of course, lies in the healthcare industry and in our  healthcare in fighting against this enemy, the virus. That is why we  are calling for more funding for testing and treatments and,  ultimately, a vaccine, hopefully, and hopefully soon.   As we do so, we also have to make sure that our economy is healthy,  that our economy survives, and that our education system remains  available and accessible to our students in the classroom.   Jobs, kids, and healthcare, students, parents, and patients--these  are what Senate Republicans are fighting for.   I have introduced bipartisan legislation to further this goal. I  believe we should include it in the HEALS Act in its entirety. Many  pieces of it are in, but I think we can do more.   The Paycheck Protection Small Business Forgiveness Act would offer  streamlined forgiveness for any borrower of a Paycheck Protection  Program loan of $150,000 or less who fills out a simple one-page form  attesting that they spent the loan dollars the way they are supposed  to.  [[Page S4571]]    With the expected forgiveness guidance from the bureaucracy,  businesses and lenders will have to spend billions of dollars to  receive the forgiveness that was promised them. In fact, we estimate  that each borrower would have to spend $2,000--and each lender $500 per  loan--just to comply with what the bureaucracy comes up with. That  doesn't even include the dollars we have to spend on the bureaucracy  itself.   We created the PPP to help small businesses and their employees  survive, not to create a bureaucracy that will bury them in paperwork.   So who are these borrowers of PPP loans of $150,000 or less? Well,  loans of this size make up--listen to this--85 percent or 4.2 million  of the loans but only 25 percent or $132 million of the loaned amount.  Imagine that: 85 percent of the loans are in this category--4.2 million  of roughly 5 million loans. So that means 15 percent of the authorized  PPP loans make up 75 percent of the borrowed money.   In North Dakota, the average loan was only $91,000, but under current  law, the bureaucracy would, regardless of loan size, seek to  indiscriminately verify and approve forgiveness applications, and they  haven't even come up with the form to do it with yet.   This would require a significant growth in the government and in the  bureaucracy that we cannot afford, only to make small businesses and  lenders spend time and money they can't afford to spend to comply with  this bureaucracy. It makes no sense.   Lest we forget, when the Senate unanimously passed the CARES Act, we  made our intent clear: PPP loans would become grants for the businesses  that spent the money properly, and the banks were there to help guide  them. There was no caveat that the loan would come with unnecessary  bureaucracy. In fact, quite the opposite was true. The implication was  that it would not come with additional bureaucracy.   The bipartisan bill that I introduced with Senators Menendez, Tillis,  and Sinema--and now has 25 Senate sponsors--would fulfill our original  intent and the promise we made to lenders and applicants by creating a  simple, accountable process for loan forgiveness.   Our bill also includes a provision which makes sure that the lenders  will not be held responsible for improper actions of the borrowers,  while still ensuring proper enforcement action can be taken if  necessary. In fact, the accountability structure is intact.   When we passed the CARES Act, we literally encouraged businesses to  apply for PPP and urged the bureaucracy and the lenders to get the  money out the door fast. We were in a crisis. We were trying to keep  people from being laid off and let go.   Largely, we were successful, but that success could be undone if we  do not take the next steps properly. We shouldn't backtrack on the  guidance we gave lenders by holding them accountable for the decisions  the borrowers made.   Fraud is a concern, for sure, which is why my proposal keeps all  audit authorities intact. If a borrower falsely attests to using the  funds correctly, the Federal Government is able to investigate and hold  them accountable. If this sounds like a commonsense approach, that is  because it is.   This bipartisan measure was popular from the start, and it is gaining  support still, with a quarter of the Senate, a sizable number in the  House, and now close to 200 business associations and groups from the  entire political spectrum supporting it.   Why wouldn't it be popular? It aligns with the very same principles  we are fighting for right here today--jobs, kids, and healthcare.   No small business owner figuring out how to safely send their kid to  school should have to worry about unnecessary red tape. No employee of  a shop on Main Street should have to live in fear of being laid off  because their employer might not perfectly comply with the arbitrary  requirements put forth for them by a bureaucrat in Washington. No  brother, sister, son, or daughter should have to sit down and crunch  the numbers to make sure they have enough money to apply for loan  forgiveness while supporting their family at home.   The fear they face is real. ``Small business'' is not just an  arbitrary designation. They are the backbone of America. They are the  employers of the vast majority of people in our country, and their  anxiety is our anxiety.   Earlier this month, Treasury Secretary Mnuchin told the House  committee that this is an idea we should consider, and I agree. We  should consider it in bipartisan negotiations and add it to the HEALS  Act in its entirety. It will give our small businesses the peace of  mind they need, like the rest of us, while they fight for their  livelihoods during this pandemic.   I yield the floor.   