 Mr. President, during times of disaster, crisis, or  hardship, I never fail to be inspired by the generosity of Americans,  including the folks in my home State of Texas. I think about how we  came together in the wake of Hurricane Harvey to lead search and rescue  operations, clear debris, and rebuild communities and lives. We saw  strangers forming human chains to rescue a driver who was trapped in a  car; restaurants offering free meals to first responders; and a Houston  legend, known affectionately as Mattress Mack, opening his furniture  stores for those who needed shelter.   One volunteer said: I have met more of my neighbors in the last 24  hours than I have in the last 20 years.   While these heartwarming stories of Texans' lending a hand to one  another are a source of comfort even during the toughest of times,  right now, when extending a physical hand is one of the worst things  you can do because it violates social distancing rules, there are still  plenty of neighbors who are helping their neighbors. Folks in Texas,  like around the country, are staying home to keep themselves and their  neighbors safe, and we are seeing new and creative means of supporting  one another.   For example, a number of distilleries across the State have switched  their productions from making vodka or whiskey to making hand  sanitizer. With demand surging and hand sanitizer in short supply, more  and more hospitals are struggling to keep it in stock, and these  distilleries are stepping up to fill the void.   Jonathan Likarish is the head distiller and cofounder of the Ironroot  Republic Distillery in Denison, TX. He said they received a call from  the Texoma Medical Center and was asked if he could help. Of course, he  said yes. Businesses like his aren't alone.   Beloved Texas grocery chain H-E-B has taken steps to make shopping  easier for seniors who are the most at risk if they contract the  coronavirus. H-E-B has partnered with Favor Delivery to take grocery  delivery--a service many Americans already utilize--and has made it  more accessible to seniors. They can pick up the phone, place their  orders, and have everything they need delivered to their front doors  within a few hours--all without having to leave home.   We have also seen other organizations working to adapt to these  challenging circumstances. The Boys & Girls Club of Greater Houston has  partnered with the Houston Food Bank to open a drive-through pantry.  Families can get a whole week's worth of healthy meals without ever  having to step out of their cars.   Of course, it is not just the businesses and organizations that are  helping out. People are helping other people. People are donating blood  to alleviate the critical shortages that hospitals are facing. All of  us, if we can, should consider donating blood. People are leaving notes  in neighbors' mailboxes, offering to run errands and pick up supplies.  On social media, schoolteachers who are at home are offering to help  parents with their children's math, science, or other subjects they may  be struggling to teach their kids while the kids are at home and not at  school.   There are neighbors helping neighbors, friends helping strangers, and  Texans helping Texans. That is one thing I love about this great  country. Our communities always jump into action to help in any way  they can. They do what it takes to survive a crisis and to keep one  another safe and healthy until we emerge on the other side.   It is time for the Senate to do its part. There has been no event in  my lifetime that has had this big of an impact on the physical and  economic health of our country. Every day, we learn about more new  cases, rising unemployment, and unprecedented market volatility. We  have a responsibility to act and to act quickly in response to these  dueling crises.   Already we were able to work and send two bills to the President's  desk for signature. The first sent vital support to healthcare  professionals and first responders, who are doing everything they can  to treat patients and prepare for more cases.   We also provided initial funding for development of a vaccine,  clinical trials, and more diagnostic tests.   The second bill we passed focused more on the small businesses and  the individual workers who are impacted economically. It included  changes in unemployment insurance so that those who find themselves out  of a job can promptly take advantage of these benefits, and it made  paid sick and family leave available for workers impacted by the virus.  That is what we did in these first two bills.   Were they perfect? Well, no. The second bill, in particular, fell  short in a number of areas. It was largely negotiated by Secretary of  the Treasury Mnuchin and Speaker Pelosi, but we decided that, in the  interest of the greater good and the country and the people who were  hurting during this crisis, we in the Senate would pass it  expeditiously. As the saying goes, you can't let the perfect be the  enemy of the good.   We acted quickly to get both bills to the President's desk because  the circumstances demanded it. Sadly, over the last few days, our  colleagues on the other side of the aisle have been oblivious to the  sense of urgency that every other American seems to understand.   After the original, intense, bipartisan negotiations, we were  finalizing a third relief bill, which included, by definition, ideas  from both Republicans and Democrats. We were optimistic that we would  be able to take up and pass the bill on Sunday or at least get it  started and pass the bill on Monday, but, clearly, that didn't happen.   Our Democratic colleagues blocked us from even debating the bill, not  once but twice. The minority leader said the bill, which his Members  had helped write, wasn't good enough. He spent the next 3 days trying  to change the bill to include provisions that he thought were more  important priorities during a national emergency--things like tax  credits for solar panels and tighter emission standards for airlines,  proposals that have absolutely nothing to do with this crisis.   After a few incredulous days, America woke up to the news today that  our Democratic colleagues are finally ready to stop this posturing and  this obstruction and get this job done.   After blocking this bill twice and holding up this emergency  lifeline, here is what the minority leader claims as a victory: He says  that Democrats expanded unemployment insurance to help laid-off workers  and those who are self-employed. But as we all know, that was already  part of the bill that had been negotiated between Democrats and  Republicans.   Then the minority leader said that Americans will get direct aid, but  we have been talking about that for weeks. That was part of the bill  that Democrats blocked twice.   Let's be clear about this. Here we are, Members of the U.S. Congress,  getting a paycheck, and they have the temerity to block, two times,  emergency aid to people who have no income at all through no fault of  their own? It is outrageous.   Then the minority leader said that he secured unprecedented aid for  America's hospitals, but as it turns out, that was part of the bill  Democrats blocked twice. It was the subject of bipartisan negotiations  and, we thought, consensus.   Well, the bill that Democrats blocked twice was a bipartisan bill to  begin with. Democrats and Republicans worked together and agreed to  each of these points before the first votes were cast. The minority  leader's Members had spent countless hours negotiating with  Republicans--that is how you get things done--but then he  singlehandedly tries to take credit for the work that they have done  [[Page S2035]]    For days Democrats needlessly blocked a bill that would have  bolstered our fight to defeat this virus and protected our economy in  the process. I am absolutely angry that they chose to waste so much  valuable time when there are so many different people in need. But I am  also relieved that they finally agreed to quit playing their partisan  games so that we could vote on this legislation today.   This bill sends desperately needed funding to hospitals that are  struggling to manage an influx of patients and helps fight the shortage  of masks and other personal protective equipment--one of the priorities  my Governor had mentioned to me.   It provides the direct financial assistance that was already in the  two bills that our Democratic colleagues blocked. A family of four will  receive up to $3,400 under this legislation, which will go a long way  in throwing that lifeline to them and cover their rent, groceries,  electric bills, and other expenses until they can make other  arrangements, like apply for unemployment insurance under our beefed-up  provisions.   This legislation will also provide relief for small businesses that  are struggling to stay afloat. Many of these businesses have had to  shut down because they have been ordered by the government to do so,  and now they need some help to make sure that the jobs they currently  provide will still be available when we get to the other side of this  crisis, and particularly we need to make sure that the employees they  depend on and will depend on in the future will still be there when  they reopen their doors.   With both the physical and economic health of our country in crisis,  this bold legislation is our best path forward. I appreciate the work  that has been done by so many around the clock for the better part of  the past week to get this bill finally to the floor, and I look forward  to supporting it so that my constituents--the 29 million people who  call Texas home--will get help as soon as possible.   As we prepare to pass this legislation and send it to the House, I  urge them to act quickly. But you may recall it was Speaker Pelosi who  flew back into town after a weeklong recess, dropped an 1,100-page  bill, and made all these outrageous new demands, clearing out their  partisan or ideological out-box or wish list.   Well, incredibly, now that there has been an agreement here in the  Senate with the administration, Speaker Pelosi hasn't even called the  House back into session. As a matter of fact, they gaveled in session  and out of session today, and they won't be back in session until  tomorrow.   Speaker Pelosi has a huge challenge. Unless she can get unanimous  consent to pass a $2 trillion bill through the House, she may well have  to call back into session the entire House of Representatives. With  restricted flights because of a lack of demand and the cost cutting  that airlines are going through with the concerns about people  sheltering in place, maintaining social distance and good hygiene to  stop the spread of this virus, Speaker Pelosi has created a terrible  problem for herself. But, more importantly, she has created even more  of a problem for the rest of the country because we need to get this  passed out of the Senate today and out of the House and to the  President as soon as possible.   The American people are depending on us to respond responsibly in a  bipartisan way during an emergency like this, and we cannot let them  down.   