 Mr. President, I first met Pat Roberts when I was running  for the U.S. House of Representatives for the very first time. I had a  friend who worked for Pat, and he got me a meeting with him, which, at  the time, was a pretty big deal because he was the chairman of the  House Ag Committee, and I was in a Republican primary, where I was over  50 points behind. So the prospects weren't really bright that I was  ever going to be somebody who would make it through and end up serving  there, but nobody could have been more encouraging or kind. I had a  great meeting with him. We talked about agriculture. I am grateful that  I have had the opportunity to get to know him pretty well here during  my time in the Senate.   One of the reasons we have so much common ground is we both come from  States where agriculture is incredibly important. It is the No. 1  industry in South Dakota. I have had the privilege of serving on the Ag  Committee with Pat now for more than a decade. I call him ``my  chairman'' since he has been my chairman on the Ag Committee for so  long. He calls me ``Coop''--a moniker he gave me very early in our  acquaintance because he says I look like Gary Cooper. Now, I have to  admit that the first time he called me that I had to look up some  pictures to see if that were a compliment or not, but I know that he  meant it that way. Whenever he introduced me at the Ag Committee, it  was always, ``Coop, it's high noon. You're up.'' ``High Noon'' was a  famous movie in which Gary Cooper starred with Grace Kelly.   Of course, Pat is, I would say, somebody who is very accomplished in  talking about movies from that era and stars from that era. He knows a  little bit about everything and a lot about a few things. I call him  ``my chairman,'' as I said, because he has been there for an awfully  long time, and he never minds the stories and nicknames. They are  quintessentially Pat. It is just the way that he conducts himself.   Somebody talked about his sense of humor here this morning. I think  Senator Moran talked about Pat's being a funny guy in the Senate and of  Pat's saying he was not a funny guy but a humorous guy. I would say he  is a funny person. He is a comedian by nature, and he keeps all of us  entertained with his repertoire of country music lyrics, his old movie  quotes, and just a storytelling flair. You can be sure that, if you are  going to be around Pat for very long, you are going to have a few belly  laughs.   I always tell him--and I think it is true, and I think you have kind  of heard it today--when he gets up on the floor and speaks or when he  speaks at a committee hearing, that when you close your eyes, you kind  of hear Paul Harvey. Senator Moran said he sounded like Jack Benny once  in a while, and maybe that is true, too. What I always knew when I was  growing up was that Paul Harvey was a voice that was on the radio  pretty much every day in our house, and I hear that same sort of  Midwestern, resonant, and commonsensical voice whenever I hear Pat get  up and talk.   But I will tell you that Pat may have a great sense of humor--he does  keep us constantly smiling around here, which is something we don't do  near often enough, particularly these days--but he is also very, very  serious when it comes to getting things done for the people of Kansas,  and they couldn't have a better advocate.  [[Page S7388]]    As I said, both Pat and I come from States whose lifeblood is  agriculture, and Pat Roberts' heart has always beat with the farmers of  this country. His advocacy for American agriculture resulted in his  serving as chairman of both the House and the Senate Agriculture  Committees during his career, and, as already been noted, he is the  first Member of Congress in history--first in history--to have served  as the chairman of both the House Agriculture and the Senate  Agriculture Committee.   He is also the first Member of Congress to have written and passed a  farm bill in both Chambers. I think he has worked, as was said earlier,  on eight farm bills in all, which is an incredible number. And I am  proud to have worked with him on three farm bills in the Senate,  including the 2018 farm bill, which passed the Senate with the greatest  number of votes of any farm bill in Senate history--a tribute to the  hard work that Pat and his staff put into building consensus and  reaching out to Members from all across this country who represent  different areas, different commodities, different crops, and bringing  them together to write a farm bill.   I have been around here long enough and been associated with enough  farm bills to know that they tend to be kind of controversial because  some people represent cities and maybe don't have agricultural  constituencies. So the fact that Pat was successful in getting a farm  bill across the finish line here in the Senate with a record 87 votes  is a remarkable accomplishment in and of itself.   Of course, Pat's leadership, as has already been pointed out, hasn't  been limited to agriculture. Among other things, he has served as  chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, where he led a sweeping  review of the U.S. intelligence apparatus and advanced a number of  reforms to shore up our intelligence and our national security. Then  there is his work on biosciences, military issues, education,  healthcare, and the list goes on and on and on.   Pat has proudly represented the people of Kansas in Congress for 40  years--16 in the House of Representatives and now 24 in the U.S.  Senate--but, as has already been mentioned as well, his public service  began long before that with his time as an officer in the U.S. Marine  Corps. Once a marine, always a marine. Pat has proudly represented the  marines here in Congress. He is currently the most senior marine  serving here on Capitol Hill.   The motto of the Marine Corps is ``Semper Fidelis''--always faithful.  Pat has lived out that motto over his long career of service to our  country, and I hate to think of a Senate without Pat Roberts. He will  be sorely missed, but he has more than earned his retirement and a  chance to spend more time with his wife Franki and his children and  grandchildren. I know how much they have contributed to his success  here. There aren't any of us who are here who don't have a supportive  family, supportive spouse. We are truly grateful for the many  contributions that Franki and the family have made to Pat's  accomplishments here, his success in the Senate, and I know he is  looking forward to spending more time with them in the future.   Pat, thank you for your leadership, for your friendship. May God  bless you in your retirement. I will miss you.   I yield the floor.   