 Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, if you ask just about anyone, ``What is  America's greatest threat?'' the answer isn't going to be another  country or a political ideology. It is going to be a disease: COVID-19.   And with that answer, people will mention the need of help for the  jobless, the threat to small businesses, problems paying their rent or  mortgage, and the need for healthcare.   What you won't hear will be the need for a Space Force or more nukes  or an overseas slush fund for the Pentagon. You certainly won't hear  about the need for more cost overruns or fraud and abuse from defense  contractors.   But that is exactly what we have. We have increased our military  spending almost 20 percent in the last 4 years at a time of relative  peace, but we have not kept up with our needs like healthcare,  education, and, of course, fighting the coronavirus, yet we spend 90  times more on defense than we do the Centers for Disease Control.   $740 billion for the Pentagon is a lot of money, and too much of it  gets wasted on fraud, cost overruns, and outside contractors. We are  literally flushing money down the drain, and I mean literally.   Due to a design flaw in the new $13 billion Ford-class aircraft  carrier, we are spending $400,000 on specialized acids every time we  have to flush and unclog the toilets. I am not making this up.   Almost every major defense contractor has had to pay fines or  settlements for fraud or misconduct, all while getting about $1  trillion in defense contracts.   We have spent billions on an amphibious vehicle that sinks due to its  own weight, and don't even mention the $10,000 toilet seat covers.   If we cut the defense budget just 10 percent but not our troops, we  free up $74 billion to fight global pandemics like COVID-19 and much  more.   We need to treat the Pentagon like every other department, and that  means with fiscal responsibility. We do that today by trimming 10  percent, $74 billion, to be used, instead, on behalf of the American  people, not bloated defense contracts.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of my amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\3/4\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from California (Ms. Lee), my distinguished colleague and colead on  this amendment, and a strong voice for peace and justice.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 10 seconds to the  gentlewoman.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Washington (Ms. Jayapal), the co-chair of the CPC, and my good friend.   