 Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Ohio (Mr. Turner).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Colorado (Mr. Lamborn).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Nebraska (Mr. Bacon).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman  from Missouri (Mrs. Hartzler).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman  from New York (Ms. Stefanik).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. Kelly).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wittman).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  South Carolina (Mr. Wilson).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Alabama (Mr. Rogers), the next Republican leader of the House Armed  Services Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman  from Wyoming (Ms. Cheney), the distinguished Chair of the Republican  Conference.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Indiana (Mr. Banks), a distinguished member of the committee.    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. McCaul), the distinguished ranking member of  the Foreign Affairs Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Missouri (Mr. Luetkemeyer), who is a distinguished member of the  Financial Services Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I understand that the chairman has no  further speakers.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, I would begin by expressing my gratitude and admiration  for Chairman Adam Smith and our ability to work together over a number  of years, as well as to the members on both sides of the Armed Services  Committee and our colleagues in the Senate, Chairman Inhofe and Ranking  Member Reed.   Like Chairman Smith, I also want to pay particular attention,  gratitude, and honors to our professional staff. They started this  conference process in July, and they have been working all these months  to make sure that every detail was as right as we could make it. I  particularly want to thank Dan Sennott, who had the responsibility of  answering my phone calls on nights and weekends and so forth. Our staff  worked with the professionalism and patriotism that would make all  Americans proud if they could see it.   I also appreciate the generous words of my colleagues and having my  name attached to this bill. This bill is one of which I am very proud.  It strengthens our country's security in many ways. But as grateful as  I am, I do not lose sight of the fact that this bill is not--and this  bill has never been in 60 years--about any of us. It is not about us or  our political agendas or our political grievances.   This bill is about the men and women who risk their lives to protect  and defend us and our freedoms and their families. This bill is about  American national security. We have been able to come together on those  things for 60 years, whatever other differences we may have had.   Without this bill, both the troops and America's national security  will be hurt. Now, Members need to understand that and accept  responsibility for the consequences of their vote. That damage that  would happen without this bill cannot be papered over with some  executive order or any appropriation bill, and it won't or it can't be  repaired by a new bill in a new Congress with a new administration.   I know we can always find an excuse to vote against a bill,  especially an excuse about what is not in it. So I will admit right  here that this bill does not fix healthcare. This bill does not fix  immigration. It does not raise or lower taxes. And it does nothing  regarding the legal liability of social media companies. All of those  things need attention and some kind of action.   But our troops should not be punished because this bill does not fix  everything that needs to be fixed or it doesn't have a provision  exactly the way we would want it.   The main reason this bill has been signed into law every year for 59  straight years is because of its substance. But like the chairman, I  just want to add a note about process.   This committee started collecting proposals in January in a database  that would be ultimately included in this bill. It went through all the  subcommittees, the full committee, a conference process, and hundreds  of amendments have been considered one way or another.   Every step of the way, Members shape it. In fact, we could easily  identify close to 200 Members of the House that have a provision that  can be linked to them in one way or another that are in this bill, and  I think that is unique, frankly, in Congress today. If the 6-decade  legacy of having this bill signed into law ends with us after 59 years,  then I am afraid that process of having hundreds of Members contribute  would end as well.   A very strong vote will help prevent that. The stronger the vote, the  smoother the process from here on out. A strong vote will show the  troops that we support them. A strong vote will show the adversaries  that we can stand together to support this Nation, and that is what  this bill is really all about.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   