 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  California for yielding, and, yes, we have a lot of military  installations in the Hampton Roads area, and we are very concerned  about the present situation in the Middle East.   We want to talk about what is going on in the Committee on Education  and Labor, and I just want to share a few things that we have been  doing over the last year.   Comments have been made of what Congress is or is not doing. Well, we  have been protecting the income of hardworking Americans by the House  passing the Raise the Wage Act, which will gradually increase the  Federal minimum wage from $7.25 to $15 an hour by 2025, giving 33  million workers a raise and lifting over a million people out of  poverty.   We haven't had an increase in the minimum wage for over a decade. The  last minimum wage was over 10 years ago, and inflation has eroded the  value of that minimum wage so much to the point where one study  concluded that a full-time, 40-hours-a-week, minimum-wage worker cannot  afford a modest two-bedroom apartment in any county in the United  States.   We are not talking about San Francisco or Manhattan. Not a single  county in the United States can a full-time minimum-wage worker afford  a modest two-bedroom apartment. So we voted in the House to increase  the minimum wage.   The Paycheck Fairness Act addresses pay inequity by holding companies  accountable for gender-based wage disparities and protecting a worker's  right to challenge systemic pay discrimination. We passed that bill.   The Rehabilitation for Multiemployer Pensions Act, or Butch Lewis  Act, will prevent the imminent collapse of our multiemployer pension  system, saving over 1 million hardworking Americans their pension,  while protecting those benefits and the taxpayer's dollars.   We also passed the Workplace Violence Prevention for Health Care and  Social Service Workers Act to prevent violence and the injuries that  occur because of that.   In addition, the committee has reported the PRO Act, the Protecting  the Right to Organize Act, which will enable workers to negotiate for  better wages and better working conditions.   We also passed the legislation to help in the area of children's  access to quality education and a safe learning environment.   We passed in the committee the Rebuild America's Schools Act which  will invest $100 billion to repair our public schools' crumbling  digital and physical infrastructure and will create 1.9 million jobs.   We passed two important civil rights bills in the area of education:  the Equity and Inclusion Enforcement Act and Strength in Diversity Act,  which will empower students, parents, and communities to challenge  discriminatory education policies and increase school diversity.   The committee passed the College Affordability Act, which will  comprehensively overhaul our higher education system so that students  will be able to achieve a college degree without incurring crushing  debt.   We also passed legislation to protect children from school shootings.   In the area of healthcare, the House has passed legislation to  protect consumers from junk health plans by trying to overturn the  Trump administration's short-term, limited duration insurance rule, as  well as passing the Lower Drug Costs Now Act which will reduce out-of- pocket costs for customers, lower prescription drug prices, and  increase transparency.   We passed legislation that will protect children from child abuse,  the Stronger Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act.   We protected seniors by passing legislation, the Protecting Older  Workers Against Discrimination Act.   All of those bills have passed the House. None have been taken up by  the Senate, and so we need to make sure that the hard work of our  committee is rewarded by the passage of those bills in the Senate.   But as I have said, our committee has been busy. All of the  committees have been busy doing the people's work. We are doing the  people's agenda, and I thank the gentleman for the opportunity to do a  little bragging about what we have done.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for the  opportunity to mention these bills for the people. The people will be  much better off if we can get a little cooperation down the hall and  improve education, improve healthcare, and improve working conditions.    Mr. Speaker, we are continuing to work.   