 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, after years of working with India to address certain  development challenges, the United States has seen impressive results.  The best results so far is that India, who was once a recipient of  foreign aid, is now a donor country, but there is still a lot of work  to be done.   This is especially true when it comes to fighting tuberculosis,  improving water sanitation, increasing education, and empowering women.  That is why I urge my colleagues to support the Gandhi-King Scholarly  Exchange Initiative Act.   This bill, authored by the late Representative John Lewis, supports  the establishment of a development fund that will continue our fight to  improve these areas of concern. In addition, it will transition  management of these programs from the United States to India. It is a  public-private partnership powered by the Government of India and the  private sector, and it is a true testament to how far India has come.   This bill also honors the legacy of two men that it is named for,  Mohandas Gandhi and Martin Luther King, Jr., by creating a professional  exchange program to study pressing global challenges, including the  struggle for civil rights, the fight to end poverty, and strategies to  decrease global conflicts.   Mr. Speaker, let me take a moment to honor the remarkable legacy of  Representative John Lewis, who first introduced this legislation. I am  proud to be here on the floor with Chairman Engel in support of his  bill. The creation of this foundation is just another example of his  dedication to improving the lives of so many people not only here in  the United States, but around the world. I thank the late  Representative John Lewis, and I thank my friend, Chairman Engel, for  bringing this important bill to the floor.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support it, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, the goal of U.S. foreign assistance should  always be that countries graduate from our aid. Today, we move one step  closer to this goal with the authorization of the US-India Gandhi-King  Development Foundation.   This bill further affirms a strong bilateral relationship between  United States and India and will strengthen  [[Page H6082]]  our ties to the world's largest democracy.   Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support this  important legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, sadly, we live in a world where crimes against humanity  still occur. We have seen two declared genocides in just the last 20  years--in Darfur in 2004, and by ISIS in 2016.  [[Page H6083]]    We have seen the horrific ethnic cleanings against the Rohingya in  Burma. We have seen the atrocities committed by Assad against his own  people in Syria. But bringing the criminals behind these massacres to  justice can be difficult. That is why 35 years ago, we enacted the  State Department's Rewards program. It authorizes the Secretary of  State to offer rewards for the arrest or conviction of some of the most  dangerous people in the world.   Originally written to be used against international terrorists, the  successful program has since been expanded to include drug traffickers,  war criminals, and perpetrators of genocide. As the world changes and  as the international criminals evolve, we need to make sure this  important program evolves with them. And that is why I urge my  colleagues to join us in supporting the War Crimes Rewards Expansion  Act.   Mr. Speaker, the bill makes clear that these rewards are not just  meant to support international tribunals. They can also be used to  bring these dangerous criminals to justice here in the United States,  under United States law.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the author of this bill, the gentlewoman from  North Carolina (Ms. Foxx), and my good friend, Chairman Engel, for  considering this bill today, which deserves our support.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, Yevgeniy Prigozhin is one of the most destructive  operators within Vladimir Putin's corrupt regime. The destabilizing  activity that he has directed and financed can be felt throughout the  world.   Mr. Prigozhin bankrolls the Russian Wagner Group, whose mercenaries  have fanned the deadly flames of conflicts, propped up dictatorships,  committed gruesome human rights abuses, all at the Kremlin's direction.   In Ukraine, the Wagner Group supported Russia's illegal annexation of  Crimea and the pro-Russian separatists in the country's east. They have  provided military support to the murderous Bashar al-Assad regime, and  they even led an assault against U.S. troops in Syria in 2018.   In Libya, Russia has jeopardized efforts to bring peace to the  country by supporting Haftar, as well as by sending advanced Russian  aircraft and thousands of mercenaries from the Wagner Group into the  country.   The Wagner Group is also actively meddling in the domestic politics  of numerous African countries. There, they hope to expand Russian  influence on the continent while also exploiting Africa's natural  resources for their own profit.   The United States is not immune from the threat posed by the Wagner  Group. Mr. Prigozhin financed the Internet Research Agency, a Russian  troll farm that has attempted to interfere in the United States  elections and sow discord among the American people.   Let me be clear. Mr. Prigozhin is a direct threat to the United  States. We cannot allow this behavior to go unchecked. The United  States has responded forcefully, sanctioning him, the Wagner Group, the  Internet Research Agency, and many more of Mr. Prigozhin's front  companies and affiliates.   In October, I was glad to see the EU join the United States in  sanctioning Mr. Prigozhin as well.   However, we must keep up the pressure. That is why I support the  resolution before us today. It condemns Mr. Prigozhin's corrupt  activity, and it sends a direct message to the Kremlin that the United  States Congress will continue to hold Mr. Prigozhin accountable for his  efforts to further the Putin regime's malign agenda. It also exposes  the truth about the Kremlin's ridiculous claim that Mr. Prigozhin and  the Wagner Group operate independently.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support this resolution's passage,  and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I have said many times that Vladimir Putin is not our  friend. Under his command, the Russian Government has invaded Georgia,  started a war with Ukraine, assisted Bashar al-Assad's murderous  campaign in Syria, and meddled in our elections.   But he is not just a threat to international security. Vladimir Putin  is an enemy of democracy. We know this by his brutal actions that he  has taken against his own people.   Over the last 20 years, under Putin's control, Moscow has chipped  away at the few political freedoms once enjoyed in Russia. Media  outlets have been shut down; political parties have been attacked;  opposition figures have been assassinated; and activists have been  thrown in jail.   This is not the future that so many in Russia had hoped for when the  Iron Curtain was lifted. Now, hundreds of  [[Page H6086]]  political prisoners occupy cells in Russian jails. They aren't there  because they are bad people. They aren't there because they are real  criminals. They are there because Vladimir Putin is afraid of them. He  doesn't want them to challenge his authority. He doesn't want them to  have a voice.   Today, we have a chance to provide a voice for the people Putin has  tried to silence. This resolution condemns the practice of jailing  individuals for political purposes and calls for the release of all  political prisoners in Russia. It also urges the administration to  impose sanctions on Russian officials who are complicit in human rights  abuses.   Once again, I want to thank my good friend, Chairman Engel, for  introducing this bill. He has been a great champion for victims of  tyranny his entire career. I am grateful for all of his hard work.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  [[Page H6088]]    Mr. Speaker, 3,034 days. That is how long Austin Tice, a former U.S.  marine and freelance journalist, has been held captive in Syria. It is  far past time that he be returned home to his family in Houston.   Austin has dedicated his life to his country and to serving others.  After serving 10 years in the United States Marine Corps, Austin  decided to enroll in law school. He wanted to continue helping those  who needed help the most. While he was attending Georgetown Law, just  down the street from here, he couldn't stop thinking about what he had  seen and the people he had met on his tours in the Middle East.   So, before beginning his final year of law school, Austin decided to  return to the Middle East. Only this time, it would be to report on the  atrocities happening in Syria.   The Assad regime's brutal attacks on its own people were horrifying  to hear about. They were even using chemical weapons on their own  people.   Unfortunately, there weren't enough reporters on the ground in Syria  to verify their crimes or tell the world about the suffering of the  Syrian people. So, Austin did what he has always done. He stepped up to  the plate and filled a much-needed void in a very dangerous place in  order to help those who could not help themselves.   But then, on August 14, 2012, as he was preparing to return home,  Austin was captured at a checkpoint in Damascus. Now, more than 8 years  later, he is still being held in Syria. Austin is now entering his  ninth year of captivity. In just a matter of months, he will turn 40  years old.   Mr. Speaker, that is nine birthdays that he will have missed back  home, nine Thanksgiving dinners without his family. Later this month,  it will be nine Christmases that his family has had to endure without  him.   I have met Austin's parents many times, and it is very tragic and  emotional. Each time, I see the pain in their eyes as they describe  their tireless efforts to bring him home. That is a pain that only  parents can truly understand.   It is up to us here in this Chamber to show the Tice family that we  will not tolerate this for another year. Austin deserves to have his  life back, and his family deserves to have him back.   Mr. Speaker, with this resolution, we once again urge the  administration to continue working to bring Austin home. The State  Department should use all the tools at its disposal to ensure his safe  and immediate return.   Congress will not rest, and I will not rest, and my colleague,  Congressman Green, will not rest until Austin and the other American  hostages detained abroad have been safely reunited with their families.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my dear friend and colleague, Congressman Al  Green, for his introduction of this bill. The Tice family are his  constituents. He has stood by them day in and day out over the past  years. He and I, working together with other Members in this Chamber,  will bring Austin home, finally.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Arkansas (Mr. Hill), whose constituent is Majd Kamalmaz.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Bilirakis).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Eliot Engel, Representatives Green,  Bilirakis, French Hill, and so many of my other colleagues on both  sides of the aisle for supporting this important measure.   Austin Tice dedicated his life to service. From his time in the  Marine Corps to his reporting on the brutal civil war and humanitarian  crisis in Syria, he lived to improve the lives of others.   Think about it: Austin went to Syria to document some of the most  brutal crimes against humanity so the world would see it, to expose  what Assad has done to his own people to the world, and the price he  had to pay for that is to be put into a Syrian prison.   It is far past time that we repay Austin for his service, not only to  our country, but to the world to expose these war crimes, to expose  what was happening over there, and the courage he had to go over there  to photograph. By bringing him home to his friends and his family, that  is the way we pay him back. We have to use every tool at our disposal  within the United States Government to bring him home to his family.   Again, I want to thank all those involved, and in particular,  Congressman Green, who represents the family, whom we have talked to  extensively.   This is one of those measures that is really an emotional one from  the heart because we are talking about the life of a patriot who is  trapped in a very bad prison in Syria overseas and cannot get out, and  it has been 8 years--8 years, for God's sake, Mr. Speaker. It is time  to bring Austin home.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, Trevor Reed is a 29-year-old Texas resident and former  United States Marine who served his country with distinction. He was an  Eagle Scout and a Texas Rangers fan, a dedicated son and brother.  [[Page H6091]]    He is not a criminal; yet the Putin regime treated him like one,  sentencing him to 9 years in a Russian prison for a crime he did not  commit. In fact, Trevor was only charged with a fabricated crime after  the Russian police discovered that he was a former U.S. Marine and,  thus, in their eyes, a political pawn that could be used.   The evidence presented in the courtroom during his case was so flimsy  that it induced laughter from those in the room, including the Russian  judge. What a joke.   So I stand here today once again to call for Trevor Reed's immediate  release so he can return home to his family, where he belongs.   This is an issue very close to my heart. Just a few months ago,  Trevor's mother flew out to D.C. to join me and Congressman Conaway as  we introduced this resolution. Paula told us how her son was attending  college in pursuit of the American Dream before Putin took that away  from him. And she told us how her husband, Joey Reed, spends most of  his time in Russia, working every single day to bring his son home  where he belongs.   As a father of five myself, I cannot imagine being in their shoes,  knowing their son is suffering in a Russian prison for a crime he did  not commit and feeling helpless to do anything about it.   Mr. Speaker, Paula and Joey and Trevor, they need us. They need their  Congressmen and -women to fight for them today.   Passing this resolution will send a strong message to Putin and his  cronies that America will not stand by idly as they hold American  citizens as political pawns, including Michael Calvey and Paul Whelan.  It will demonstrate that Congress stands firmly with Trevor, Paula,  Joey, and their entire family, along with the other American hostages  abroad, and that we will continue to fight until we bring Trevor home  and give him back his future.   The holiday season is here upon us once again, and Trevor deserves to  spend this Christmas with his family in the comfort of his home, not  alone in a cold prison cell.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, if I can take a point of personal privilege,  this may be perhaps the last time I appear with my dear friend Mike  Conaway on this distinguished floor. We came in together, Mr. Speaker,  with you, as well. I remember it 16 years ago. My, has time gone fast.   But the time you have served, Mike, in this Congress and spoken in  this Chamber, as you chaired the Agriculture Committee and served on  the House Intelligence Committee, sir, let me just say how proud I am  to call you a friend. You have served your country and your  constituents with honor and distinction, and I am proud to have served  with you and proud to call you a friend.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr.  Conaway), the sponsor of this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Kinzinger).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I thank my friend and fellow Texan,  Representative Conaway, who represents the family, for introducing this  important resolution.   I have engaged the highest levels of government in this case,  Trevor's case, from Deputy Secretary Biegun to Special Envoy for  Hostage Affairs, Roger Carstens.   And now I am proud to join many of my colleagues and fellow Texans  from both sides of the aisle in supporting this resolution and raising  more awareness about Trevor's case.   So to Trevor and the Reed family, I would just like to say to you  that Texas is with you and America is with you. We will stand by you  and with you here in the Congress every day until we finally bring  Trevor home.   So, again, Mr. Speaker, I thank my dear friend, Congressman Conaway,  who sponsored the legislation. I thank Chairman Engel.   Another point of personal privilege: I think that this will not be  the last day  [[Page H6092]]  we speak on the floor. I believe on Monday we will have another  opportunity to be together, and I would love to deliver some special  remarks about my favorite chairman.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   