 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and  I also thank her for her leadership not just on her own bill, but for  leading the charge on a package of bills that includes my Northwest  California Wilderness, Recreation, and Working Forests Act as Title II.   The lands in my district that are included in this legislation  represent some of the most biodiverse ecosystems and exciting outdoor  opportunities in California. It ranges from old growth trees that are  so critical for carbon sequestration to rivers that provide habitat and  unparalleled fishing and boating to mountain trails that offer hiking,  biking, and other unique backcountry experiences.   Being active in the outdoors, experiencing these wild places, and  connecting to a healthy environment is a way of life in the Second  District of California. My constituents and visitors from around the  State and around the country take pride in these public lands, and we  all depend on the ecological resources and economic benefits that they  provide. That is why my legislation takes a multifaceted approach.   First, it includes an ambitious restoration plan to improve forest  health, promote fire resilience, and protect communities while  restoring diverse ecosystems that are naturally adapted to fire and  that provide fish habitat. It would also establish a partnership to  restore public lands and waters that have been damaged by illegal  marijuana growth sites, which pose significant threats to public health  and safety, law enforcement, wildlife, and water quality.   Second, it recognizes the importance of the outdoor recreation  economy. In my district, residents spend almost $2 billion in outdoor  recreation each year. This legislation would increase recreational  opportunities and spur tourism by proposing new visitor centers,  overnight lodging, and a significant expansion of trails for multiple  uses, including hiking, biking, horseback riding, and off-highway  vehicle use.    Expanding these recreational opportunities benefits outdoor  enthusiasts and the local businesses that are an integral part of the  recreation economy. Investing in our public lands means that we are  also investing in communities near our public lands.   As Kent Collard of the Bar 717 Ranch in Trinity County told the  Natural Resources Committee last year, ``The best thing we can do for  these lands, for businesses like mine that depend on untrammeled tracts  of wilderness, is to protect them. Like many other businesses in this  area, ours is fueled by people seeking to experience the wild beauty of  Trinity County. The Northwest California Wilderness, Recreation, and  Working Forests Act recognizes and promotes economic opportunities that  recreation presents to our rural communities.'' Economic opportunities.   Third, this legislation would protect important wild places on public  lands in my district. It designates roughly 262,000 acres of  wilderness, 51,000 acres of potential wilderness, and 480 miles of wild  and scenic rivers.   These areas include critical habitat for endangered salmon and  steelhead, rare native plant ecosystems, and some of the largest intact  old-growth forests in California. These areas also include some of the  best fishing, hiking, and white-water runs in the State.   Like other pieces of legislation in the package we are considering  today, this takes conservation seriously because it is urgently needed  for the future of our planet.   Lastly, I would like to explain how this bill was developed. Over  more than 3 years, in fact, not long after I came to Congress in 2013,  I started asking stakeholders what policy issues should be addressed in  public lands legislation in my district. I have repeatedly sat down  with constituents, presented these proposals at public meetings, and  discussed concerns with county supervisors. I have moved boundaries and  removed wilderness proposals because of concerns from landowners, the  timber industry, and Tribes. This level of stakeholder participation  means that I have focused on what people in northwest California want  to see with their public lands. I think this comprehensive, carefully  crafted legislation has broad support.    Madam Chair, I want to point out this bill has support  from conservation organizations, outdoor recreation groups, dozens of  businesses, community leaders, adjacent landowners. It is a long and  broad list of support.   Madam Chair, I request a favorable vote for this legislation.   