 Madam Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Speaker, residents and local businesses along the  way have expressed concerns about the upcoming high-speed rail project  being built along Florida's east coast and through my district.   A high number of fatalities have already been associated with the  train since the South Florida operations began in 2018. In fact, over  the past 3 years, 75 deaths have been reported along the rail corridor,  with more than 40 deaths involving the new high-speed train.   Last year, the Associated Press analyzed data from the Federal  Railroad Administration and concluded that the project had ``the worst  per-mile death rate of the Nation's 821 railroads.''   These trains will travel at fast speeds through existing town centers  and residential areas in my district, with little separating the tracks  from the surrounding communities. I have had concern for local schools  in my district. There are several that are positioned very close or  adjacent to the tracks; Gifford Middle School and North County  Elementary School in Vero Beach, and Ascension Catholic School in  Melbourne, just to name a couple of them. Many students walking to and  from school must cross these tracks, and we all have an interest in  their safety.   Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend and colleague, Congressman  Brian Mast, for working together with me on this amendment, and for  standing up for the safety of our constituents. Our amendment simply  asks the Federal Railroad Administration and the Federal Highway  Administration to conduct a pedestrian, motorist, and student safety  study along the corridor and report back their recommendations to  increase safety. The amendment simply increases the FRA's rail safety  operations budget by $2 million from the program's reserve funds.   My office reached out to both the FRA and the FHWA for technical  assistance on doing such a study, and neither agency expressed any  objection whatsoever. In fact, FRA expressed support for it.   Staff from both the minority and the majority offices assisted in  drafting this amendment, and I sincerely want to thank them for working  together and stepping up to help on this.   The rail corridor is the recipient of Federal money and has been  authorized for private activity bonds, so the Federal Government has  been involved in the funding and financing of this project. Since  Federal resources are being expended, it only makes sense that we  should make sure it is safe for the surrounding communities.  [[Page H4173]]    The introduction of high-speed rail for our Florida communities will  undoubtedly present safety challenges that need to be properly  addressed, and that is the purpose of this amendment.   I ask my colleagues to join us in looking out for the safety of our  residents, motorists, and school children, and support our amendment.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   