 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, a lot is happening right now across our  country and in Washington, DC, and in the House and the Senate--and  across the globe, for that matter. There are a lot of issues. There is  one that has not received the attention it should, which is about a  group of Americans who have suffered enormous calamity in the last few  days who deserve our attention and our focus.   I am speaking, of course, about the devastation in Puerto Rico.  Seismologists report that over 1,200 tremors, earthquakes, and  aftershocks have struck the island since January 1. More  [[Page S221]]  than 70 of these were of a magnitude 3.5 or greater. Residents on the  island have felt at least 100 of these earthquakes. The largest of the  quakes, a magnitude 6.4, struck last Tuesday, taking one life and  injuring many others.   More than 2 weeks after the Earth started shaking, these quakes and  aftershocks are still going on. In fact, this last weekend, the island  was struck by an earthquake with a 5.9 magnitude. Yesterday morning, a  4.6-magnitude tremor could be felt. This morning, there was a 5.1- magnitude quake.   The damage from these quakes is so severe, it can be seen from space.  According to NASA, the satellite shows the land in parts of Southern  Puerto Rico, near the epicenter of the quake, has moved 5\1/2\ inches.  That is a very dramatic change in the landscape.   You don't have to be in space; you don't have to have those images or  be orbiting the planet and looking down to see the damage because the  damage is everywhere. There is $110 million in damages estimated by the  Governor's office. Other estimates from the Geological Survey now have  the damage approaching $1 billion.   Power has been restored to most of the island, but periodic outages  are still happening in different parts of the island, and severe energy  conservation is in place.   The Costa Sur plant in the town of Guayanilla was so severely  damaged, they are telling us that it will take over a year to get it up  and running. That island needs 500 megawatts of emergency generation  until that plant is fixed.   As of last Thursday, hundreds of thousands were without water. The  world-renowned chef Jose Andres' relief organization World Central  Kitchen has served tens of thousands of meals in just the last few  days. Buildings and homes have collapsed and been destroyed. Thousands  are living outside of their homes, both with the damage done and the  damage feared.   It is reported that a total of 559 structures are affected. Look at  this picture. Look at this pile of rubble lined up and crossing the  street of collapsed buildings, hundreds of piles like that where  building, or parts of buildings, once stood. There are 4,000 to 6,000  residents in shelters, thousands sleeping in hammocks or inflatable  mattresses and in tents because they are afraid to sleep in their  homes.   My heart goes out to the people of Puerto Rico who are enduring yet  another natural disaster, while they still have been fighting to  rebuild their homes and their lives after the destruction of Hurricane  Maria 3 years ago. The truth is, we haven't done nearly enough to help  them. Not nearly enough from the last disaster has made it to the  island to help them repair all of that damage done. The aid that has  come has not come quickly enough.   Indeed, just today, we are hearing that the aid that was supposed to  be released no later than last September--$8 billion related to  Hurricane Maria--is being released, or at least put in the Federal  Register so it can be prepared to be released years after the disaster,  when that aid was needed immediately after the disaster to rebuild.   The citizens of Puerto Rico are American citizens. They don't have a  vote in this Chamber, and that is a problem we should remedy. What we  see is, when citizens don't have a Senator who represents them, there  is no one to stand up and advocate with the same ferocity and  determination and passion as somebody who is elected by those  individuals, so the rest of us need to stand in--Democrats and  Republicans, Senators from the South and the North and the East and  West--we need to stand in together on behalf of our fellow Americans in  this devastated landscape of Puerto Rico.   This neglect of the citizens of Puerto Rico, of this island that is  part of America, is staggering. That is why I have joined with Senator  Schumer and 31 of my Democratic colleagues in a letter to President  Trump supporting the Governor of Puerto Rico's request for a major  disaster declaration, but this shouldn't be a partisan letter. Let's  all join together--Democrats and Republicans together--to fight for the  aid that is needed by our fellow citizens.   President Trump signed a declaration that provides only $5 million  for immediate emergency services. Five million dollars isn't close to  addressing what the Geological Survey says is close to $1 billion in  damage. That $5 million is useful, but far more is going to be needed-- far more--for removing debris, building temporary shelters, providing  electric generators, distributing food and water, providing immediate  emergency lifesaving medical care. They are going to need a lot of  help, in addition, for long-term rebuilding. A major disaster  declaration can help in that. That has not happened. It has been  sitting on the desk in the Oval Office since last Saturday.   Let's join together--Democrats and Republicans together--and say: Mr.  President, sign that declaration that brings along with it crisis  counseling, help rebuilding homes, help repairing roads, help restoring  bridges, water control, water supply. Clean water supply is so  important to health. Water treatment, which is so important in  preventing cholera, job training, aid for businesses--that is the type  of thorough, significant assistance the people of Puerto Rico need, and  they need it right now, not tomorrow and not a month from now, not  years from now. They need it now. I say, let's join together and call  on President Trump to sign that major disaster declaration that  unleashes this help.   There is a lot going on in the world, a lot here in Washington. We  prepare for one of the rare moments in American history where we will  be conducting a trial related to Articles of Impeachment. Just a week  ago Tuesday, 8 days ago, I was sitting in front of a television very  worried about escalation to major war with Iran. There are big issues  going on, absolutely, but don't let these big issues prevent us from  addressing the plight of our fellow Americans. Let's pay attention.  Let's make sure the people of Puerto Rico are neither ignored nor  neglected. Swift action is needed. Let's join together and make it  happen.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my fellow  Nitza Sola-Rotger have privileges of the floor for the balance of the  day.   