 Madam President, I rise in opposition to S. 3275, the  Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act, and S. 311, the Born-Alive  Abortion Protection Act. These two dangerous bills infringe on the  doctor-patient relationship and hinder women's constitutionally  protected right to choose. Make no mistake, these bills are nothing  more than a reminder that Republican discrimination toward women knows  no boundaries. President Trump, his administration, and Senate  Republicans think reproductive freedom is still up for discussion. It  is not.   I am here to set the record straight for Leader Mitch McConnell and  my Republican colleagues. Women's reproductive health decisions should  be left to women and their healthcare providers. That is it.   This time last year, the Born-Alive Abortion Protection Act failed to  advance on the Senate floor. I was proud to vote against this bill  then, and I hope more of my colleagues will join me in voting no on  this bill now. Doing so will safeguard the right for an individual to  make their own health choices, without interference from the Federal  Government.   The Senate floor is not the only battleground for reproductive  rights. Anti-Choice State legislators are continuing to assault  reproductive freedom through the enactment of State laws restricting  choice. Cases challenging these laws are working their way through the  judicial system, including to the U.S. Supreme Court. There, the laws'  supporters hope that the conservative justices will not only uphold  these damaging laws but will go further and overturn Roe v. Wade,  effectively ending this bedrock decision that ensures equality,  privacy, and reproductive freedom.   Women across the Nation are facing imminent threats to their  constitutional rights, to their personal liberty, and to economic  freedom. Now more than ever, we must do everything in our power to  raise our voices against this extreme, rightwing agenda of  discrimination. This is more than a debate about access to safe  abortion services. This is about fighting for gender equality. This is  about continuing to ensure access to the opportunity that comes from  quality, affordable healthcare. And this is about making sure that  access to reproductive healthcare is never restricted.   Women's rights are not negotiable. Republicans may intend to continue  advancing their radical anti-choice agenda, but I will never back away  from the fight against it.   