 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.    The greatest commitment I make to my constituents in Texas' 25th  District is to keep them and their families safe. Unfortunately, some  State and local governments are choosing to put politics over public  safety by passing sanctuary immigration laws that prevent local law  enforcement from cooperating with Federal immigration officers.   Sanctuary laws not only release dangerous criminals back onto our  streets, but they also are a slap in the face to the millions of  immigrants who went through the legal process to enter the United  States and comply with our laws.   I believe that individuals who enter our country illegally should  never be afforded the same privileges as law-abiding Texans.   I support President Trump's decisive and necessary actions to  withhold Federal grants from sanctuary jurisdictions that proactively  make immigration officers' jobs more challenging by refusing to follow  the law.   Congress must take additional action to follow in the footsteps of  the Trump administration. For that reason, today, I am proud to speak  in support of the Justice for Victims of Sanctuary Cities Act.   This important bill holds State and local governments accountable if  they choose to put the public at risk by not following immigration  laws. It allows for the victims to sue sanctuary jurisdictions if a  crime was committed by an individual who was released back into the  public instead of being turned over to Federal immigration enforcement  officers.   A report by the Texas Department of Public Safety found that 214,000  illegal aliens were charged with over 340,000 crimes between 2011 and  February 2020. Many were serious offenses that put the public at risk.  There were over 600 homicides, 37,000 assaults, and 3,400 weapons  charges, just to name a few.   The victims of these crimes deserve to have an avenue to fight back  against sanctuary policies. This bill would force State and local  governments to choose whether they will change their dangerous policies  and get in line with Federal immigration laws or risk being sued when  there is a serious crime committed by an illegal immigrant.   The Justice for Victims of Sanctuary Cities Act is the first step to  holding rogue State and local governments accountable for exploiting  our broken immigration system.   I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to put the safety of  their constituents first by supporting our efforts to get this bill  across the finish line.   In God we trust.   