 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Arizona.   Mr. Speaker, last week, a husband and wife awoke to see, through  their bedroom window, a brazen burglar breaking into their car. The dad  retrieved a gun and tried to protect his family. He knew that the  console of the car being burglarized contained another gun, and he saw  the burglar retrieve it. They exchanged fire, and the confrontation had  become more than even that prepared father could handle. So it became  the responsibility of Ryan Hendrix.   The 8-year veteran of the Henderson County Sheriff's Department  arrived with two other deputies at 2:54 a.m. last Thursday. They  spotted the suspect, and at first he appeared to comply with commands,  and then suddenly raised a weapon and fired.   The first shot struck Deputy Hendrix in the face before his fellow  officers returned fire and shot the gunman dead. Investigation revealed  that the gunman was a career criminal, wanted by South Carolina  Probation, with arrests in four States.   Ryan Philip Hendrix, 35, Marine Corps vet, was declared brain dead  the next day. Ryan's 6-year-old son and 9-year-old daughter will live  with only fragmentary memories of their father. Ryan's fiancee will not  have that October wedding that they planned.   This murder is not an isolated story. Two hundred law enforcement  officers have died in the line of duty in 2020, up 90 percent.   Nothing I say can ennoble the sacrifices of those lost nor of the  many others injured. Those sacrifices, that service, speak for  themselves.   But I can speak to a fast-growing cancer in our civic spirit, an  activism that exploits the wound to our national psyche born of racial  injustice in our history, an activism that draws explicitly on Marxism  and attacks core foundations of our society, including, and perhaps  foremost, the consensus of support for law enforcement, a consensus  that abides in every nation capable of surviving. It manifests itself  in riots, looting, arson, destruction, shootings, and killings.   I can contend against it along with you. I have introduced into  Congress the No Riots Act to criminalize injuries not only for Federal  but, also, State and local law enforcement officers and to extend the  death penalty for killing an officer in the course of interstate  rioting.   But we cannot return to law enforcement officers the protection they  deserve if leadership of our country is divided on the institution of  police--indeed, if the people are divided. All  [[Page H4479]]  must back the blue. If we do not, then God have mercy on us, because  the criminals and thugs like the one who took Ryan Hendrix's life  assuredly will not spare yours or those of your loved ones.   This country is exceptional, the recognition that every human is  special and has fundamental rights. Our Nation is a story of refining  those rights in practice so that everyone gets a fair shake, that  everyone's life is protected and respected.   But elemental to that, what we cannot do without are those who defend  us from chaos and keep order, those whose service, whose sacrifice most  Americans understand and honor.   Most Americans know that Ryan Hendrix is a hero and so are all who  serve in blue. Most Americans know that the they are highest caliber  among us and that they deserve our respect and support.   I back the blue.   