 Mr. President, I rise today amid what we all know to be a  global health and economic crisis that we are in. I rise to propose a  solution that has been in front of us all along from the very  beginning. It is a solution that has existed for 55 years tomorrow--55  years.   Medicaid has brought millions of people to better healthcare. It has  brought billions of dollars into States. That is important when we have  both a healthcare crisis and an economic crisis, but for 55 years,  Medicaid has lifted the health outcomes of people all across this  country and especially in so many States that need it--States like  Alabama that are poor States, that are unhealthy States.   But we can do better. A solution of Medicaid would bring billions of  dollars into my home State of Alabama along with about a dozen other  States. It would create thousands of new jobs. It would help shore up  rural hospitals that are facing financial struggles, a condition made  worse by this pandemic. It would provide healthcare coverage in Alabama  alone to between 300,000 to 400,000 Alabamians who do not have it right  now. Some didn't have it before this pandemic. Others don't have it now  because they have lost their jobs. They have lost their employer- sponsored healthcare.   Expanding Medicaid would generate $935 billion, with a ``b,'' in new  tax revenue for the State of Alabama. It would help local economies  across the State by creating good jobs and ensuring workers and their  families have good healthcare.   In our rural areas, especially, healthcare is dependent on Federal  dollars. Folks, expanding Medicaid was the right thing to do before  this pandemic and some 37 States or so did just that. In fact, two  States did that fairly recently. Conservative States of Oklahoma and  Nebraska are both in the process of expanding Medicaid. It was  important before the pandemic, but it is vital that we do it now. It is  absolutely vital, especially, as so many people have lost their jobs,  lost their employer-sponsored healthcare through no fault of their own.   Alabama didn't take that step back in 2011 when it should have.  Alabama  [[Page S4573]]  held back. There is little doubt that the main reason--not the sole  reason--but the main reason that they held back was purely political.  The Alabama Legislature and the Alabama Governor refused to legitimize  the Affordable Care Act and put their name on anything having to do  with it. The people of Alabama--hundreds of thousands--have suffered  because of it.   That excuse is waning thin today, especially when so much is needed  to provide healthcare to the people of my State. Just this morning, a  new poll came out from Auburn University that showed that a majority of  the people of Alabama, including a majority of Republicans and a  majority of Democrats, favor expanding Medicaid. Our hospitals and  healthcare professionals have long advocated for this all across  Alabama.   We did a program just recently. The American Hospital Association has  been begging for this for years to keep our hospitals open. They  advocated for an understanding that without this, more and more of our  hospitals will have to close their doors. They are working on either  thin margins or they are underwater already, and the pandemic has made  it worse. More than a dozen of our hospitals, rural and urban, have  shuttered while Alabama has refused to expand Medicaid.   Today, we have a chance to save the ones we still have and perhaps  even revive some outpatient services that have lost their provider.  Every pregnant mother who has to drive hours for a round trip for  prenatal appointments or a rural Alabamian who lives 45 miles from the  nearest emergency room or the workers who are employed would benefit  from this. Those who still do not have good healthcare and have to take  their children to an emergency room for routine healthcare, it is for  those people that I am committed to finding a way to expand Medicaid.   Today, I stand with my colleague Senator Warner from Virginia to once  again call for the passage of our proposal to incentivize States to  expand Medicaid. Our bill, the SAME Act, States Achieving Medicaid  Expansion Act, would restore the financial incentives for States that  expanded late and would give them the same fair shot at Federal support  as the early expanding States.   The legislation would have the Federal Government cover 100 percent  of the costs for the first 3 years, then would scale back to eventually  cover 90 percent in perpetuity.   I want to make sure folks understand this bill does not mandate an  expansion of Medicaid; it still gives States the choice. If the 13 or  14 States, including Alabama, choose not to expand Medicaid, even with  a second bite of the apple, then they don't have to. Shame on them for  not doing so, but they don't have to do it. More importantly, if they  were to do that, thousands of people would get this healthcare  coverage, including a very important point for the State of Alabama,  which is expanded mental health coverage. So many places that I have  been to in the State of Alabama are begging for mental health coverage  that they cannot afford in their communities. Expanding Medicaid would  do just that.   Let me be clear. Even without this bill, I still believe Alabama  should take this step. We literally can't afford not to. We need to be  investing in our citizens' health the same way we invest in trying to  bring businesses into Alabama. We need to try to invest in our people's  health because it will lift all boats.   If this incentive is what is needed to get us over the finish line,  let's just do it. Again, it is not mandated. States don't have to do  it. But for those States that do, they will see better health outcomes  for their citizens and better economic advantages in areas that need  it. Millions of Americans in these remaining States are struggling, and  we can no longer allow politics to get in the way of their access to  quality healthcare.   I urge my colleagues to please let my State have the chance. Let us  have the opportunity to right the wrong that we did in 2011 by refusing  to expand. Give me that opportunity to go back and try to convince the  folks in Montgomery, AL, that this is the right thing to do. It is a  commonsense solution. Let's not stand in the way of more Americans  getting healthcare amid a global health crisis.   I yield the floor.   