 Mr. President, I first met Lamar Alexander in 1995, when  he spoke at Boston's Lincoln Day Dinner. Like today, he was folksy,  good humored, thoughtful, and impressive.   I remarked to Ann that he was surely going to go places. Of course,  he had already gone places by then, but he ran for President the next  year. One thing Lamar and I agree on is that the best candidate for  President does not always win. I think he may well have been just that.  [[Page S7154]]    You all know that he served as president of a university, Governor,  Senator, and Secretary of Education. I have watched firsthand as he has  led the Senate's Committee on Health and Education. I don't know any  person who has worked longer, harder, and more effectively for the  well-being of America's children than Lamar Alexander.   His service extends, of course, beyond the children. As we have  endured the COVID-19 pandemic, he has led the Senate as we have helped  to guide and fund our national response. His healthcare expertise and  his determination to keep each of us informed and involved has been  invaluable.   While America's response to the pandemic may not have been exemplary,  Lamar Alexander's leadership of the Senate's role has been superb. The  speed at which we will have a vaccine is, in no small measure, a  testament to his determination and vision.   But Lamar is much more than a Senator. I have seen the devotion he  has for his wife and family. I have watched him entertain rooms full of  celebrating Republicans with his piano and singing. And I have  experienced very personally the kindness and graciousness that have  long characterized this man. He was the first Senator to come to meet  me when I joined this body.   His impact on the Senate, on the State of Tennessee, and on the  Nation extends well beyond his legislative accomplishments and  leadership. His greatest impact has been that of his personal  character. He is a man without guile. He is true to his conscience. He  speaks and acts with truth and honesty. He cares about people and  endeavors to help others. He is a genuine friend, as is evidenced by  the many members of his team wearing plaid masks around this room.   He has used his talent and energy not to aggrandize himself but to  serve. It could be said of Lamar Alexander that he is a great American  of exemplary character. We are a better people because of Lamar  Alexander.   