 The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr.  Burr), the Senator from Texas (Mr. Cruz), the Senator from Wyoming (Mr.  Enzi), the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. Fischer), the Senator from  Georgia (Mrs. Loeffler), the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. Paul), the  Senator from Georgia (Mr. Perdue), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. Risch),  and the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. Rounds).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr.  Burr), the Senator from Texas (Mr. Cruz), the Senator from Wyoming (Mr.  Enzi), the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. Fischer), the Senator from  Georgia (Mrs. Loeffler), the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. Paul), the  Senator from Georgia (Mr. Perdue), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. Risch),  and the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. Rounds).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from Tennessee (Mrs.  Blackburn), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. Burr), the Senator  from Texas (Mr. Cruz), the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. Enzi), the Senator  from Nebraska (Mrs. Fischer), the Senator from Georgia (Mrs. Loeffler),  the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. Paul), the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Perdue), and the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. Rounds).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea.''    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from Tennessee (Mrs.  Blackburn), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. Burr), the Senator  from Texas (Mr. Cruz), the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. Enzi), the Senator  from Nebraska (Mrs. Fischer), the Senator from Georgia (Mrs. Loeffler),  the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Perdue), and the Senator from South  Dakota (Mr. Rounds).   