 Mr. President, for over 200 years, the American people  have shown resilience in the face of great challenges. From civil wars,  international conflicts, and--yes--pandemics, we have faced these  challenges united and with resolve.   Like the challenges of the past, the novel coronavirus pandemic is a  crisis that, together, we can and we will overcome.   As the cases of COVID-19 increase each day, my top priority is  protecting the health and the safety of Michiganders and people all  across this Nation. There is no doubt we are facing an unprecedented  public health emergency and an economic crisis at the same time.   Families in my State of Michigan--and Americans all across this  country--are worried about their health and their safety and whether  they are going to be able to make ends meet during this emergency. We  must act quickly to provide relief for struggling families and small  businesses and healthcare providers. And even as we move with the  urgency that this difficult time demands, we must ensure that this bill  is done right and that we are getting the right help to the people who  need it the most. We must act aggressively, and now we must do  everything to provide relief to workers and families in Michigan and  across the country.   Americans are facing an unprecedented personal, health, and financial  challenge. Workers in my home State of Michigan who are forced to stay  home from work due to the coronavirus shouldn't need to worry about  whether they can pay their bills or put food on their table.   That is why I authored legislation that is included in this package  before the Senate to expand unemployment assistance. We have never had  unemployment benefits in response to a public health crisis, but we  have never seen an emergency on the scale of what we are seeing right  now. We must support workers who are not receiving a paycheck or have  been laid off due to coronavirus.   That is why I fought to create an unemployment compensation program  to provide federally funded benefits to people who are unable to work  during this pandemic. It would expand unemployment benefits to workers  who have exhausted their State unemployment benefits, and it would make  unemployment benefits available to people who don't usually qualify-- including small business owners, freelance writers and workers,  independent contractors, seasonal workers, and people who have recently  started or were about to start a new job.   And it provides workers with extended unemployment insurance so that  hard-working families can have some certainty that they can stay afloat  financially during this crisis that is likely to last awhile.   Our small businesses have been hit especially hard, and some are at  risk of having to close their doors or lay off their employees. Our  small businesses are the backbone of our economy, and they need support  now more than ever. That is why I worked with my colleagues on the  Small Business Committee to craft legislation to expand funding  available for small business loans.   As a result of those efforts, this package now increases the funding  for the popular and successful 7(a) small business loans to $350  billion.  [[Page S2052]]    I also pressed for additional funding--$240 million--for small  business development centers and women's business centers and an  increase in funding for minority business centers as well. These funds  will go a long way toward helping small businesses pay their rent and  keep their lights on.   This legislation also includes significantly more funding that will  go to our hospitals and healthcare system. This funding will ensure  that our overstretched hospitals can make up for lost revenue, keep  their doors open, and make payroll for the dedicated nurses, doctors,  and healthcare professionals who are on the frontlines fighting day in  and day out to stop this pandemic.   I have been working closely with the hospitals and healthcare  providers in Michigan, and they cannot stress how critical this funding  is to their ability to continue providing care and comfort during this  pandemic. I will keep fighting to ensure that they have the resources-- the supplies, the gloves, the masks--and the medical equipment they  need to protect themselves and their patients from coronavirus.   Finally, as the ranking member of the Homeland Security and  Governmental Affairs committee, I worked closely with Chairman Ron  Johnson to ensure that this legislation has strong oversight provisions  in place. We must ensure that the funds we are authorizing are going to  the people, the small businesses, and the healthcare providers who need  them the most.   Our oversight provision creates a Pandemic Response Accountability  Committee--a Board that is made up of agency watchdogs who will be  charged with auditing and investigating the administration's  coronavirus response efforts and how your hard-earned tax dollars are  being used to address this serious crisis.   We are also requiring the Government Accountability Office to audit  where these funds are going and keep Congress and the American people  up to date through real-time, publicly available reports. This model  was used to successfully track spending from the 2009 Recovery Act  during the great recession, and I was proud to work with my Republican  chairman to get this important accountability measure included in this  bill.   This bill is an important step forward to address this crisis head-on  and ensure our Nation can get back on track once we have addressed the  serious public health threat and the resulting economic crisis as well.  It is an important step, but it is not the last action we will need to  take before this pandemic is over.   I am going to do everything possible to continue working with my  colleagues in a bipartisan manner to ensure Michigan communities and  families have the resources and the support they desperately need. I  will also continue working closely with Michigan Governor Gretchen  Whitmer, local leaders, public health experts, and national security  officials.   It will continue to take each and every one of us doing our part and  working together to prevent the spread of this pandemic, protect public  health, and continue to address this economic crisis. But together, I  know that we will get through this, and we will come out stronger on  the other side.   I yield the floor.   