 Mr. President, I rise to speak today about the  growing threat of Communist China.   Xi, the General Secretary of the Chinese Communist Party, is a  dictator and human rights violator who is denying basic rights to the  people of Hong Kong, cracking down on dissidents, militarizing the  South China Sea, and imprisoning more than 1 million Uighurs in  internment camps simply because of their religion.   General Secretary Xi is interested in one thing--global domination.  It is time we all open our eyes. Communist China despises the freedoms  Americans cherish.   The threat we face from Communist China is the new Cold War. This is  a Cold War created by General Secretary Xi. It is a Cold War fought  with technology, misinformation, and political persuasion. And  Communist China's latest weapon of choice is the coronavirus.   Communist China lied about what they knew and spread misinformation  around the world, costing hundreds of thousands of lives, millions of  jobs, and creating massive economic impact.   All freedom-loving nations around the world need to come together to  hold Communist China accountable and financially liable.   One thing we can do today is make sure Communist China can't steal or  sabotage American COVID-19 vaccine research. We know Communist China  steals U.S. research and intellectual property. We have seen this at  our universities; we have seen it at our research institutions and  hospitals.   U.S. officials have been warning American firms to safeguard their  research against China and others known for stealing U.S. technology.  The FBI and the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency  recently warned organizations researching COVID-19 of likely insider  threats, targeting, and network compromise by Communist China.   Communist China wants to be first in vaccine development, and unlike  the United States and other freedom-loving countries, Communist China  will not be quick to share.   Communist China wants to be the dominant world power, and they have  made clear they don't care who is harmed in the process. That is why I  led my colleagues in introducing the COVID-19 Vaccine Protection Act,  which will require a thorough national security evaluation and  clearance by the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of  State, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation of all Chinese student  visa holders taking part in activities related to COVID-19 vaccine  research.   We need to know who in our country is working on vaccine research so  that we can make sure American efforts are protected. The United States  and all Americans need to get serious about the threat from Communist  China.   The COVID-19 Vaccine Protection Act is a great first step, and I look  forward to all of my colleagues supporting this effort.   I am also urging everyone to buy American products. It is the single  most important thing we can do to send a message to Communist China  that their behavior is unacceptable   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Judiciary Committee  be discharged from further consideration of S. 3837 and the Senate  proceed to its immediate consideration. I ask unanimous consent that  the bill be considered read a third time and passed and that the motion  to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.   The PRESIDING OFFICER is there objection?    Mr. President, I appreciate my colleague's  remarks. Florida and the United States are amazing melting pots, and  our States and country have both benefited greatly from the  contributions of people from all over the world.   This bill isn't about race. This is a commonsense bill to protect  American citizens from the Government of Communist China, which has  decided to become our adversary.   This is about protecting Americans from a regime that is actively  trying to sabotage our efforts to create a vaccine. We have evidence  from our intelligence community that China is trying to do this.   My bill would help identify who in our country is trying to steal or,  more importantly, delay, sabotage our success of a vaccine, and that is  Communist China's goal.   My colleague has even introduced her own resolution recognizing the  importance of vaccinations and immunizations in the United States, and  we all agree with her, so blocking my proposal today makes absolutely  no sense. Why would my colleague not want to save American lives and  make sure we have a vaccine done as quickly as possible? American lives  are on the line and depend on this vaccine.   I am clearly disappointed my colleague objected to passing this bill  today, but I am completely committed to working with her to get it  across the finish line.   As long as our vaccine research remains vulnerable, Communist China  will not hesitate to use any tool necessary to obtain this sensitive  information  [[Page S2790]]    I yield the floor.   