 Mr. President, first of all, can I say Senator Reed has  been incredibly great in this whole process. We have been working on  this for a whole year now, and we are now to the point where tomorrow  we should be able to pass it out of--it will not be passed at that  time. We also have a conference we are going to have to be faced with  and all that, but today and tomorrow morning are very important to us.   The point that is made by Senator Reed--if you add up all the  amendments, really, it is you guys in the Senate who have drafted this  bill. Not only are there 141 amendments since we came out of the  committee, but in  [[Page S4397]]  the committee, we had over 800 amendments that were part of the bill to  start with.   One of the reasons--and I think I speak for Senator Reed and myself  at the same time. We have had some experiences in the past where, since  the Senate operates with unanimous consent, we were unable to have any  amendments at all on the floor. So in order to do that, to make sure-- if that should happen again, we wanted to make sure we had all these  amendments already in the bill. So that was our starting point.   Now, here is where we are today. We had a great vote on the NDAA,  receiving an 87-to-13 vote in favor of ending debate on the substitute.  That was great. That was today. That means we are at kind of the end of  this process now. We have continued to work on another managers'  package.   Last night we hotlined--a lot of the people who may be watching are  not familiar with the terminology. We hotlined--we sent out to all the  Democrats and all the Republicans for any objections they might have-- another group of amendments. It was a large group, an equal number of  amendments for Democrats and Republicans. It came back, and there were  a lot of objections to it, so we have now taken that and started on one  last managers' package that we are going to be--a modified version that  we are going to hotline tonight.   It is very important that people are listening right now. A lot of  times people aren't listening. Certainly, the staffs should let their  Members know that they are going to get a hotline on actually 40  amendments--20 Democratic amendments, 20 Republican amendments-- tonight. That is going to be the hotline they are going to look at.  Some of your staff and some of the Members may not have read these  amendments yet. It is likely that is the case. If you have objections  to amendments in this package--that is what we are hotlining--we  encourage you to lodge those objections with the Cloakroom. That is  when you get these things. That is going to be tonight. We will note  those objections and see what remains.   Tomorrow morning--let's say all the objections have come in. Tomorrow  morning, at a time--we were hoping that time was going to be around  10:30 tomorrow, but we know a lot of people want to talk; a lot of  people want to be heard. We can't control that, but we will ask for  unanimous consent to pass the package with a balanced number of  amendments from both Democrats and Republicans. This is tomorrow,  hopefully at 10:30, but maybe that will not work.   We will require Members who want to object to this final package to  come down to the floor in person and object. If you already have an  objection to a specific amendment in this package registered with the  Cloakroom, the amendment should have been pulled from the package. It  will not even appear at that time. Otherwise, you need to be here to  object in person.   We use the term ``balanced.'' This is how this works. We have 40  amendments that are going to be hotlined tonight. If the Republicans  have eight of them that they object to and the Democrats have seven  they object to, they have to find one more to object to so it ends up  being eight and eight or so that the number will be equal. It sounds a  little complicated and it sounds like something that might not work,  but it will work. We have been doing this now for over a year.  Actually, we started this process 2 years ago. So it is going to be the  responsibility of the Democrats and the Republicans to make that even  so that no one can say that it is biased to one side.   So all of that is what is going to happen, and it is very important  that staff and Members be aware of that because what we don't want to  happen is to have someone come along and say they were not aware of  this process that is in place. So that is the process we are going to  use, and that is one that is fair.   Again, I don't think--and this will be the 60th consecutive year.  There has never been a year, in my memory, that has had more amendments  considered than we have considered this year.   With that, I yield the floor.   