 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I want to talk for a few minutes about  securing our election process.   At various times, in the last 4 years, there have been different  levels of reasons why the Federal Government needed to take over the  election process. For a while, it was that the process was too easily  infiltrated by outside influences, and then it was COVID-19, and it was  important that everybody vote in different ways than they have ever  voted before, and somehow only the Federal Government could manage  that.   I would say that, in that, just as we look toward the 2020 elections,  we have spent over $1 billion. I think it is $1.2 billion in funding  from the Congress. We have had dozens of hearings in the Rules  Committee, the Judiciary Committee, and the Homeland Security  Committee. There was a 3\1/2\-year bipartisan investigation that I was  part of as part of the Intelligence Committee, and we have looked at  this about every way we can.   Right now, people across the country are beginning the process of  casting their votes. This year, more than any other year up until now,  we will have election day, but, really, we will have more like  ``election month,'' and, in some States, it is going to be ``election 6  weeks'' or ``election 7 weeks.''   So this process is starting right now. It is a process where people  will decide who represents them in the White House and the Congress;  or, in some cases, in city hall; in many cases, the Governor's mansion;  and in almost all cases, the general assembly; and in all cases, the  U.S. House of Representatives.   Confidence in the voting process is the thread that holds the fabric  of democracy together. Every time we needlessly get into a discussion  about whether this process is fair or safe, I think it is harmful.  Every time we need to have that discussion about whether it is fair or  safe, it is, of course, not only helpful but totally appropriate.   This is the time when we need to be sure that our work has brought us  to a good conclusion, rather than talking about the fact that the  system is not going to work. The system is going to work. As the  chairman of the Rules Committee, where we have the principal election  jurisdiction, or as a member of the Intelligence Committee, I spent a  lot of time looking at this. I think we have been very serious in the  Senate, particularly, in considering these issues and at looking at the  threats to our election system itself.   I am not going to talk much in the next few minutes about false  information and other things. In my view, all you have to do is turn on  the television to find some false information and watch the campaign  commercials. There is a nugget of truth, perhaps, but most of them-- many of them have little more than a nugget of truth in them.   Sure, I am concerned about false information. I am particularly  concerned about it if it comes from foreign governments, from those who  wish our country ill. But there is a lot of information out there--a  lot more information than there has ever been before--and people should  be very thoughtful about the information they take in.   I am not going to talk a lot about that. I want to talk about the  election system itself because, in my view, the election-day system is  as secure as it has ever been. The registration system is as secure as  it has ever been.   Four years ago, the Obama administration--a little later than this-- said: There is a big problem, and we are going to declare the election  structure a structure of national significance, and we are going to  play a different role than we have ever played before.   There was no anticipation that this was going to happen and not much  discussion.   Election officials all over the country immediately said: Oh, no, you  are not. You are not going to just decide in October of an election  year that you are going to take over the election system and declare it  a system of national significance, a system of critical significance to  the future of the Nation.   Of course it is, but it didn't become that in October of 2016.   But the message was clear that we needed to build those stronger ties  with local and State election authorities. We needed to do everything  we  [[Page S5810]]  could, as we saw the efforts by some foreign actors and some people in  their basements trying to see if they could get into the voter  registration system and do something with it. We have done more of  that--well, we have done all we can think of, in my view. We did a lot  of it before 2018, and that never stopped.   For 20 years, Congress has done all we can think of to help make the  system work better. We have spent over $1 billion in the past 4 years.  We have encouraged them to update, and we have seen updates of  antiquated systems. Systems that didn't have a ballot trail and other  things have all been generally replaced, and where they haven't been, I  think they are on even higher alert. We have helped them increase their  cyber security. We have responded to COVID-19 with help to local  governments, which in some cases was used for establishing polling  places and even maybe paying extra to election judges.   While we provided those resources, it has been for a long time and  still is up to local and State officials, who are the closest to the  people they work for, to do everything they can to secure those  elections. I spent about 20 years doing that, part of it as a local  election official in Missouri, a county official, and part of it as the  Missouri secretary of state, the chief election official.   Earlier this month, I had a chance to be in Kansas City when the  county clerks and election authorities were all meeting. Most of them  were there at a distanced meeting to talk about election  responsibility. Others were virtually there to talk again about the  absolute commitment they have made to the people they work for to  conduct elections in a way that is both free and fair. I think that is  what is going to happen.   Clearly, again, there are efforts by foreign adversaries--Russia,  China, Iran, North Korea, and others--to interfere with our elections,  but we want to be sure and I believe have been sure that Federal  agencies have been providing the resources they needed to investigate  bad actors, to punish bad actors, and to do everything they could to  protect the American election system.   We are in a much different place than we were 4 years ago. Election  authorities--State and, in many cases, local--know the name of the  person at Homeland Security with whom they have had now a 4-year  relationship or a 2-year relationship or a 1-year relationship, and  when they get a call the day before the election, they are going to  know that is a call from somebody who not only is there to help them  that day but has been there to help them up until now.   The Rules Committee has held four hearings since the 2018 election-- one on election security, one on how we are preparing for the 2020  election, one on oversight of the U.S. Election Assistance Commission,  and in addition to that, putting people on the Federal Election  Commission to fill vacancies that had been there for a long time.   The Judiciary Committee has looked into things like the social media  companies that are trying to stop disinformation.   Homeland Security has drawn out a roadmap and has put the kinds of  protections into the system that you want to have in the system for  equipment that counts votes, the registration system that is available  on election day.   The Intelligence Committee, as I said before, conducted a 3\1/2\-year  investigation on foreign meddling in the last election, and the  administration is holding those perpetrators accountable.   The Justice Department has secured indictments against three Russian  companies. Twenty-six people involved with Russia's influence campaign  in 2016 have been impacted by that. The Justice Department has  sanctioned 46 other people and 18 businesses.   One of the things we didn't have in 2016 was a cyber offense. We had  a cyber defense and I think the best in the world at that moment--I  hope it still is--but we didn't have a cyber offense   I remember being in an Intel hearing in 2017--this was early 2017-- when the question was put to our intel community: Have you ever been  told by the President of the United States that you should have  offensive action taken against these bad actors? The answer by all of  them was no. But it was March or April of 2017. The President of the  United States who hadn't given that direction for the previous years  was not the current President, who, not too long after that, did give  that direction.   By 2018, when we sought cyber offense, we had our own cyber offense.  They know who they are, and they know the price they paid and the price  they would pay again. Thousands of members of the intelligence  community have been working to keep an eye on that part of keeping our  elections secure.   Providing Federal support to State and local officials is the right  approach. Frankly, I have been in favor of providing a little more yet  this year, but that appears to be part of a bill that we just can't  seem to agree to even though somewhere between the targeted Senate bill  and the Problem Solvers' bipartisan bill in the House that was released  a week or so ago, there is clearly a settlement there that would likely  include a little more election security assistance. But we are getting  pretty late to add much to the system; we need to now be sure that what  is in the system really works. We don't need a Federal takeover.   Many of you heard me say before that late in 2016, President Obama  said: ``There is no serious person out there who would suggest somehow  that you could even rig America's elections, in part because they're so  decentralized in the numbers of votes involved.'' I think he is exactly  right. The diversity of the system is the strength of the system.   I personally think the best place to vote is at a polling place on  election day. I don't always get to vote that way. But if you want to  have all the information that happens between the start of the campaign  and the day you vote, the only way you get that is voting on election  day. If you want to see your ballot go into a ballot box or into the  counting system and know that happened, you better get that on election  day.   But many people will vote in other ways, particularly this year.  Usually, the other ways are a little more complicated, but they are  still protected by comparison of signatures in most States. Usually,  there is still going to be included an indication on the voter roll  that goes to the polling place that somebody has already received  another ballot. There are safeguards there.   For reasons we all understand, more people are going to vote earlier  in this election than ever before. I know our election officials in our  State and I suspect all over the country are planning for what they can  do to still have the most information available possible on election  night, but it is unlikely that we are going to know everything we want  to know on election night.   If you don't want to vote at a polling place on election day or can't  vote at a polling place on election day, you should still vote.  Confidence in everything you hear or read should not be complete, but I  think confidence that the election system itself is going to tabulate  the results that came in and the votes that were cast is a pretty safe  bet.   Politics can become heated and noisy during an election season, but  at the end of the day, the American people need to understand that we  are doing all we can to give them the ability to cast their ballots  with minimal obstacles and maximum confidence that what happens on  election day is what the voters voted to do on election day.   With that, I yield the floor.   