 Madam Speaker, I yield myself 3 minutes.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the Patient Protection and  Affordable Care Enhancement Act.   As we continue to confront the worst public health emergency in  recent history, our first priority must be to protect the health and  safety of the American people. But during this pandemic, millions of  people have lost their jobs and, regrettably, in America when you lose  your job you frequently lose your health insurance.   Based on the job losses in March and April alone, experts estimate  that over 26 million people across the country have lost their job- based health insurance.   With so many workers looking to turn to the Affordable Care Act  marketplaces for healthcare, we must be building on the progress we  have made to expand access to affordable coverage. This is exactly what  this bill does.   For example, as my colleagues have noted, under this proposal, no  person would pay more than 8.5 percent of income on benchmark silver  plans through the marketplace. Moreover, we fix the so-called family  glitch, a technical problem that prohibits families from getting  affordable coverage, and we make that affordable coverage available for  millions of working families.   The legislation will also provide incentives to expand Medicaid so  that low-income families across the country will have coverage  regardless of where they live.   It builds on existing patient protections by reversing the Trump  administration's expansion of short-term so-called junk health plans,  which discriminate against patients with preexisting conditions and are  not required to cover essential health benefits.   These plans raise costs for everybody not in a plan and then abandon  the patients when they get sick and actually need coverage.   Finally, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Enhancement Act  would save money for workers and employees by cutting the cost of  prescription drugs and bringing them in line with the cost people in  other countries pay.   And when they talk about the loss in investments and research, listen  very carefully because they are saying that reducing the cost of  prescription drugs is a bad thing. And second, they are talking about a  previous version of the bill.   In this version of the bill we have an amendment in here that puts  more money into research and NIH, so that those investments will  continue to get made.   In contrast, the Trump administration has continued to aggressively  pursue the Texas v. United States lawsuit. Just last week, the  Department of Justice filed briefs urging that the Supreme Court  overturn the Affordable Care Act.   If that suit is successful, all of the benefits of the ACA will be  lost. Tens  [[Page H2633]]  of millions of people will lose insurance. People with preexisting  conditions will lose their protections. Affordability credits will  evaporate. Consumer protections will be lost. This will happen in the  middle of a public health emergency.   And for all those on the other side that say that the Affordable Care  Act has problems, and they have a replacement, remember what the CBO  said.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself an additional 1  minute.   Remember what the CBO said about the bill that the Republicans passed  when they had the majority a few years ago. They said the costs would  go up 20 percent the first year, 20 something million fewer people  would have insurance, people with preexisting conditions would lose  their insurance, and the insurance you get is worse than what you got.   We can't afford to take this major step backwards in our efforts to  put quality insurance within the reach of all Americans, and this is  why I urge all of my colleagues to support the Patient Protection and  Affordable Care Enhancement Act so that we can strengthen the ACA and  ensure millions of Americans will have access to better health  insurance than they have now and certainly better than they would have  if this lawsuit is successful.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Shalala), a distinguished member of the  Committee on Education and Labor, and  [[Page H2634]]  the former Secretary of the United States Department of Health and  Human Services.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from California (Mrs. Davis), the chair of the Subcommittee  on Higher Education and Workforce Investment.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. Courtney), a distinguished member of  the Committee on Education and Labor.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. Bonamici), the chair of the Subcommittee  on Civil Rights and Human Services.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Pennsylvania (Ms. Wild), a distinguished member of the  Committee on Education and Labor.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Georgia (Mrs. McBath), a distinguished member of the  Committee on Education and Labor.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  distinguished gentlewoman from California (Ms. Pelosi), who is the  distinguished Speaker of the United States House of Representatives.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. Schrier), a distinguished member of  the Committee on Education and Labor.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Hoyer), the distinguished majority leader  of the United States House of Representatives.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. Underwood), a distinguished member of  the Committee on Education and Labor.    Madam Speaker, may I inquire as to how much  time each side has remaining.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Trone), a distinguished member of the  Committee on Education and Labor.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Nevada (Mrs. Lee), a distinguished member of the  Committee on Education and Labor.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. Cicilline).    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of  my time.   Madam Speaker, this bill will reduce the cost of prescription drugs.  Americans pay twice as much, three times as much, as much as 10 times  more than those in other countries pay for the exact same drugs. This  bill will allow the Department of Health and Human Services to try to  negotiate better prices.   Those on the other side have criticized reduced prices because they  potentially could reduce investments and research, but this bill  offsets any such reductions with significant increases in investment in  research at the National Institutes of Health.   This bill makes improvements to the Affordable Care Act by reducing  premiums, expanding coverage to families, protecting those with  preexisting conditions, and reducing the number of uninsured.   We have heard criticisms but no description of a better alternative.   We have heard about the 1996 law on preexisting conditions, but that  did nothing in the individual market. And that is what the Affordable  Care Act protects: preexisting conditions in the individual market.   But look at what the CBO said about the Republican bill when they had  the majority and were able to pass a bill. They actually passed a bill  that CBO scored, and they said that it would increase costs 20 percent  the first year, 20-some-million fewer people would be insured, those  with preexisting conditions would lose some of their protections, and  the insurance you get is worse than what you have.   We can do better than that by passing the Patient Protection and  Affordable Care Enhancement Act, and that is what we should do today by  voting ``yes'' on this legislation.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   