 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Velazquez for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to talk about truth.   Now, you would think that truth would not be up for debate in this  Chamber, yet here we stand literally  [[Page H2332]]  debating my bill, the TRUTH Act, which simply injects transparency and  accountability into the very largest expenditure of taxpayer money in  American history.   That is it. There is no hidden agenda, just a straightforward  requirement for the Small Business Administration to publish  information about how Federal relief dollars are flowing and where they  are going. And that truth should be important to every American:  business owners and patrons, bankers and borrowers, Republicans and  Democrats.   We cannot accept a situation in which bigger businesses with access  to other sources of liquidity are pushing to the front of the line at  the expense of those with the greatest need, particularly minority-,  women-, and veteran-owned businesses that are struggling the very most  during the pandemic.   I won't accept it.   I am on a mission to restore Americans' faith in their government.  But trust is earned by action, not by words. So I ask my colleagues to  join me in supporting the TRUTH Act, in allowing the American people to  see where their money is going and in ensuring that businesses that  need relief the most are getting it.   They say that sunlight is the best disinfectant, and we could surely  use more of it here.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Velazquez; Ranking  Member Chabot; my colleague, Mr. Roy from Texas, who has spent a lot of  time in the political foxhole with me from the very beginning of this  initiative; and all who have helped get the Paycheck Protection Program  Flexibility Act to the floor.   But I want to spend my time today letting my constituents speak for  themselves. For more than 43 years, Minnesotans have celebrated  birthdays and Little League wins over burgers and cheese curds at Lions  Tap, a family-owned restaurant in Eden Prairie, Minnesota, until COVID- 19 changed everything. My team spoke with Bert, owner of Lions Tap, and  when we asked for feedback about his experience with the Payroll  Protection Program, he said this: ``We definitely need the PPP. The  problem is that because our business is a restaurant, we are not able  to open it up fully where we could hire our entire staff back under the  conditions of the loan. It is imperative that  [[Page H2335]]  we are allowed forgiveness for expenses beyond the original 8-week  period. We also need to loosen up the restrictions of nonpayroll  expenses beyond the 25 percent. The complexities of balancing staying  open or closing will be determined by what the government will be able  to change on the PPP in this bill.''   Bert is not alone. On a Zoom call last month, a barber who rents a  chair in a Brooklyn Park barber salon told me exactly the same thing. I  also talked with Mike, who owns a few hotels in Minnesota and is being  forced to make lose-lose decisions about how to pay his employees and  his mortgage while their rooms sit empty.   Mike said this: ``The government stepped in with the Paycheck  Protection Program, but it was a one-size-fits-all approach that didn't  really help industries like hospitality. We could pay our employees but  not our mortgages. The Paycheck Protection Flexibility Act will do for  small businesses what the PPP could not.''   John from Maple Grove, who owns a handful of beloved wood-fired pizza  joints in Minnesota, is also feeling the heat from a lengthening  crisis. He told me: ``We are very appreciative of the PPP loan we  received but would have no way to qualify for any material forgiveness  given the impossibility of rehiring our entire workforce while our  stores are closed. If the loan is not forgiven, we do not foresee our  business returning to any meaningful positive cash flow until a vaccine  is developed or the virus impact weakens and would likely not have  funds to repay any loan principal in that time.''   Justin, who has a small gym in Chanhassen, and Ryan, who owns  Frenchies nail salon, are reporting the exact same problems. The  outpouring of feedback has been as clear as it has been enormous.   Mr. Speaker, today is not about us. It is not about which side  secures the biggest win or who gets the credit. It is about delivering  the relief that small business owners across Minnesota and this Nation  are asking for. It is about doing our job.   At its core, representation begins with listening, and these stories  paint a very clear picture. Our small business owners, the institutions  of our Main Streets and the glue of our communities, are asking us to  take action to solve problems and to engage in some good old-fashioned  teamwork.   I am grateful to my colleague, Mr. Chip Roy from Texas, for joining  me in that very spirit as the coauthor of this bill and to the growing  coalition of support that we built around the Paycheck Protection  Flexibility Act. This bill will help people in the ways that they need,  and we have not a moment to lose.   Mr. Speaker, if you don't want to take my word for it, just listen to  the millions of our country's shopkeepers, innovators, entrepreneurs,  and small business owners all around the country. Or listen to our 11  million restaurant employees. Or just take it from Bert, the owner of  Lions Tap, who said that the heartbeat of America is small business,  and we need your help to survive.   