 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, for 59 years in a row, Congress has passed  the NDAA--almost always on a bipartisan basis. This year will be the  60th year in a row. I am proud to say the fiscal year 2021 National  Defense Authorization Act continues in that long bipartisan tradition.   There is not much around here anymore that passes every single year,  let alone with the support of both parties. But we all know what the  bill is all about; it is about support of our troops and our national  security. I hope we will all keep that in mind, as we discuss the  amendments to this bill, to keep them on topic.   Last week, I talked a little bit about how we are falling behind  China and Russia and how those two countries are now our biggest  threats. I think we all know how that happened. It happened in the last  5 years of the Obama administration. During those last 5 years, the  President's budget took 25 percent of the military budget away from the  military. This has never happened before. Yet that is what happened.   What happened at the same time--I don't think a lot of the Members  are aware of this, but China and Russia--they are the enemies out  there. During the time that our President had defunded the military by  25 percent, Russia actually increased theirs by 34 percent. We went  down 25 percent; Russia went up 34 percent.   What was China doing during this time? China, while we were going  down 25 percent, went up 83 percent.   You see what the problem is. They just passed us up in a lot of  areas. We can name those--hypersonics and other areas where they were  building.   They are building up their military capabilities and positioning  themselves strategically around the world. We know they are showing up  in places they have never been before.   Fortunately, we have a strategy to counter them. It is called the  national defense strategy. I meant to bring that down with me because I  make reference to that. The national defense strategy is a document  that is put together by 12 Democrats and 12 Republicans--all very top  people in terms of their knowledge of the military--who get together  and say: What should be our roadmap? What we are going to do to put  ourselves in a position where we can counter Russia and China?   We have the national defense strategy. It came out in late 2018. At  that time, the military services had been implementing this plan with  the support of Congress in previous NDAAs. This is the third year now  that we have that.   What we did this year was speed up the implementation. We set America  on a course to make sure that we are setting ourselves up for success  no matter what threat comes our way. We do that by using this document,  the NDS, the National Defense Strategy Commission report.   What this says is that we need to create a credible military  deterrent that tells Russia and China and anyone else who would do us  harm: You just can't win. We are going to win. We will beat you--no  matter who you are out there. That is what this NDAA does.   It says that we need to invest in the equipment, tools, weapons,  resources, and training our troops need to succeed in their mission. We  also make sure that they are in the right places and at the right time.  That is what the NDAA, which we are considering right now--which we are  proceeding to right now--will do.   It says that our biggest threats come from Indo-Pacific region. The  NDAA  [[Page S3641]]  creates a Pacific Deterrence Initiative to enhance lethality, address  key capability gaps, and support our allies and partners over there.  This is something that we haven't done before. The strategic Pacific  Deterrence is like European Deterrence. It was very successful, and  that is what we are doing now in the Middle East.   Several of us, including the Chair, have been to the South China Sea.  We have watched China doing things, building islands--something that  has never been done before--going into areas they have never been  before, such as Djibouti. Historically, it has been the practice to do  things in China, starting things within their city limits. But that is  not the way it is anymore. It is now all throughout Africa, Djibouti,  as far south as Southern Tanzania.   It says that technology is changing the nature of warfare rapidly and  that we have to keep up with China and Russia, who are working hard to  build weapons that we have never even heard of. So the NDAA pushes  innovation and makes it easier for the Pentagon to harness that  innovation throughout the defense industrial base. We harden our supply  chains so that China and Russia can't be a threat to us there. We have  issues there, but the pandemic really showed us where our weaknesses  are.    This bill helps us reduce our reliance on foreign countries and  protects our supply chain and our key technologies from infiltration  and other risks. The NDS Commission report also tells us how the  Pentagon's massive bureaucracy sometimes inhibits our ability to  innovate and operate. The NDAA helps the Pentagon fully implement the  NDS, improving the way they budget, giving them flexibility to hire and  keep top talent, but always making sure they are accountable to the  taxpayer.   No matter what threats we face--no matter who, what, where, when, or  how--the one constant is the men and women who make up the force. These  are the brave Americans who volunteer to wear the uniform and put  themselves in harm's way because they believe in this Nation, and they  are willing to give their lives to defend it.   At the end of the day, that is the most important thing this bill  does: It takes care of our troops and their families. They sacrifice so  much, and they risk so much. We are all aware of that. We have to make  sure that we are taking care of them right. That is what this bill  does.   This is a very serious, sacred responsibility we have--one I don't  take lightly. While I am on the floor, throughout the debate on this  bill, I am thinking about them.   When we are talking about this bill, the numbers we are talking  about--the $740.5 billion and the 2.1 million servicemembers--the sheer  size can make you forget sometimes that these are real people who rely  on us to do things and to do things right. That is one of the big  differences. We hear people all the time--the anti-defense crowd out  there is always talking about how we are actually spending more money  on military than China and Russia put together. That is true. The most  expensive part of the military is the people. That is the most  expensive part.   Of course, Communist countries don't care about the people. They just  give them a rifle and say: Go out and kill somebody.   Here are a few of those people who are counting on us this week.   I am thinking about one of my former interns who started his journey  at the Air Force Academy last week, as well as all of the other new  cadets and midshipmen at the Air Force Academy, the Naval Academy, and  West Point.   I am thinking about the 40 new soldiers I talked with before they  took their oath of office on the birthday of the U.S. Army. They are  the future of our military.   I am thinking about the sailors and marines serving overseas whom I  had the honor of meeting earlier this year.   I am thinking about Janna Driver, a tireless military spouse. Her  husband was stationed at Tinker Air Force Base. She came to my office.  I was thinking it was something that was just happening at Tinker Air  Force Base, but she talked about the deplorable housing situation, and  it all started with the privatization of housing. She was talking about  that. I assumed this is a problem that we needed to address only at  Tinker Air Force Base. Then I found out it was all over the State of  Oklahoma, in all five of our major military installations. Then we  found out it was nationwide. This is something that we started working  on. This is the privatization of housing and how it is deteriorating.  We got on it right away.   Again, this is something that China and Russia don't have to do  because they don't care about taking care of their people. They don't  have to do that in a Communist country.   I am also thinking about Kristie Roberts, a member of the 138th  Fighter Wing of the Tulsa Air National Guard, who lost her husband,  Staff Sergeant Marshal Roberts, in March.   Each of them represents hundreds of thousands of other men and women  who are serving our Nation, and we owe it to them to get this done  together.   I am glad to have by my side the ranking member, who shares my  dedication and gratitude to our troops, Jack Reed. I have to thank Jack  Reed for being a great partner and friend and for his support of this  bill. In fact, Jack Reed and I have worked together for 3 years now,  and we are singular in the efforts that we want for our military  system. I am sure there are occasionally some differences, and we don't  agree on everything, but we resolve the problems.   Of course, we wouldn't be here if it weren't for our staff. We have  John Bonsell for the majority and Liz King for the minority. I will  talk more about them later, but they deserve a lot of praise. They are  used to working at night, and they are used to working at odd hours.  They are tireless. They have done tremendous work, and the proof of  that is the overwhelmingly bipartisan vote out of committee. The vote  to move forward with the NDAA last Thursday passed out of committee to  the Senate floor by a vote of 25 to 2, and the 2 who voted against it  never vote for military anyway, so I call that unanimous. I am looking  forward to seeing the same strong bipartisan support and to voting on  this bill, hopefully, at the end of this week.   We are going to give it careful consideration, and I look forward to  working with you all to make it better through the amendment process.  That is what we are starting on right now.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I call up the substitute amendment No.  2301.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reading  of the amendment be waived.    Mr. President, for the information of all Senators,  Senator Reed and I have reached an agreement on the first managers'  package, and we will be hotlining that list on both sides this evening  with the hopes of clearing it and adopting those amendments tomorrow.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to grant floor  privileges for the duration of the consideration of the NDAA to Travis  Tarbox, my defense fellow, and Jillian Schofield, our GAO detailee.   