 Mr. Chair, I am proud to be a cosponsor of H.R.  535--The PFAS Action Act. This bill is a big step towards cleaner water  for all Americans. It designates PFOA and PFOS as hazardous; these are  two of the most prevalent substances that make up the group of  substances known as PFAS. These `forever' chemicals are known to pose  serious health concerns that have affected many of my constituents  throughout Bucks County along with Americans across our country. 99  percent of people have traces of PFAS in their blood.   One of my top PFAS priorities has been getting a federal Maximum  Contaminant Level (MCL) for PFAS chemicals in our water. Most states do  not have an MCL and ones that do, are not uniform. State residence  should not be the defining factor for an American to have safe drinking  water, having one universal MCL for PFOA and PFOS in the U.S. helps to  solve this problem.   Currently there is no limit on how much PFAS pollution is in our  water and air. This bill gives EPA the power to begin regulating this  lethal pollution. It will jumpstart the cleanup effort and hold PFAS  polluters accountable. It will require polluting companies to submit  information to EPA, so that the Agency can more fully evaluate the  environmental and health effects of these toxins.   Hundreds of PFAS chemicals are used in commercial goods and The PFAS  Action Act will put in place a labeling system so that PFAS-free  products can be easily identified by consumers.   I have seen firsthand the devastating health effects that PFAS  substances cause in my community. The Department of Defense (DOD) used  PFAS chemicals in its firefighting foam for decades at the Willow Grove  base that contaminated the water and soil in Warminster, PA. Last month  I supported a new Defense bill that became law which ends the practice  of using that specific kind of firefighting foam by 2024. This bill  goes further and will make people safer and less likely to consume  these toxins.   Every American deserves access to clean drinking water and clean air.  Most of us think only clean water comes out of our faucets  [[Page H125]]  when we turn them on, unfortunately, this is a misconception. Until  this bill is signed into law and is fully implemented, we cannot trust  that our water is not contaminated with these toxic substances.   I urge my Republican colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this bill. A vote  for this bill means that you care about safe drinking water for your  constituents. EPA has promised to address PFAS, and this bill will  ensure that they make substantial progress by setting firm deadlines.   I would like to thank Congresswoman Dingell, Congressman Upton along  with Congressman Kildee, who co-chairs the Bipartisan PFAS Taskforce  with me, for their work in leading this important bill.   I also want to thank Joanne Stanton and Hope Grosse of the Buxmont  Coalition for Clean Water along with many of the townships and  municipalities throughout my district, they have fought for years for  meaningful action to be taken on this issue, and while this bill is by  no measure the finish line, it is a major milestone.   