 Mr. President, I want to thank the Senator from Florida  for yielding his time. He is not only the Senator from Florida; he is  also a former Governor.   Mr. President, I am here today to talk about the brave men and women  of law enforcement in Montana and across this Nation. These men and  women, many who are my friends, are the best of the best. Montana  heroes literally put their lives on the line every day to protect our  families--our moms, our dads, our kids. They don't do it for the pay or  the accolades; they do it to serve their communities, to keep us safe.   The men and women wearing that badge accept that every time they  leave home to go to their shift and give their loved ones a kiss  goodbye, they may never come back home. That is courage.   My home county sheriff--Gallatin County, MT--Sheriff Brian Gootkin-- just a little over 1 week ago, we had a huge, massive wildfire that  struck the Bridgers just north and east of Bozeman. It has been my  hometown for 56 years. There were huge plumes of smoke, a great big  fire--11,000 acres. They rushed into the fire and evacuated the  residents there. Twenty-eight homes were destroyed, and not a single  person lost their life. I can tell you why--because of the actions of  the Gallatin sheriff's department, firefighters, and other agencies.   This courage is something we should celebrate every day. This is  something we should defend every day, including right here on the floor  of the U.S. Senate. But, sadly, some people have other ideas.   The way that members of our law enforcement are being treated right  now around this country is atrocious. It is disturbing. Just this past  weekend, two members of L.A.'s law enforcement, a man and a woman, were  ambushed while sitting in their car--shot point-blank. Many of you have  seen the horrifying videos.   If that weren't sickening enough, there were violent protesters  storming the hospital that they were being treated at and chanting  ``Let them die.'' There are no words to describe the outrage of what is  happening here. This anti-police rhetoric is beyond dangerous, and  those who support it should be ashamed of themselves. They should be  publicly condemned by every Senator, every Representative, and every  Governor across this great country.   In fact, just this year, 37 officers have been killed. By the way,  that is more than a 20-percent increase over the same time last year.  Being a police officer in this country is more dangerous than ever  before. I am having private conversations with members of law  enforcement, our peace officers, men and women who will quietly tell  you that it is difficult to continue to serve in this environment where  they are not getting the support of their elected officials. I will  tell you they are getting the support of their communities in many  cases, though. But where is the outrage being expressed by those who  are elected to serve, and how are these heroes repaid?   Cities and towns across our country, including Montana's very own  city, Missoula, are talking about reducing their budgets and proposing  abolishment in some areas--abolishment of police departments. That talk  is crazy. We have some of this crazy talk in Montana, where some of our  communities were looking to take school resource officers out of our  schools. They were looking to slash budgets. Thankfully--thankfully-- the community rose up, and they pushed back and, in most cases, stopped  it. That is happening right in Montana in some communities.   The Senators standing before you today will not accept it. We should  not be defunding the police. We should be defending them.   To my Democratic colleagues who support defunding these American  heroes and these Montana heroes, you should be ashamed. I will always  back the blue.   I yield back to my colleague Senator Scott.   