 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, as we all know, we are in the middle of a  public health crisis. The American people are hurting, from every State  in our country. Nearly 190,000 people--our fellow citizens--have died.  Millions have lost their jobs, and they are struggling to make ends  meet. People are being evicted from their homes, and they are  struggling to feed their families.   The virus is still not under control. We know there is a need for  another emergency funding bill. The need to address the COVID crisis is  clear. This is something, actually, we could have done in July if we  had been willing to actually do our job and vote on the appropriations  bills after the House of Representatives had already shown the way, but  4 weeks ago, the Trump administration and the Senate Republican  leadership walked away from the negotiating table. Democrats had  offered a compromise. Republicans said ``My way or the highway'' and  left town. They just walked away from the Capitol when we had all these  things that needed to be done.  [[Page S5431]]    Here we are. We are back 4 weeks later. Is the situation better? Of  course not. Across the country, families are sending their children  back to school without the necessary resources to ensure they are safe,  and still more students are learning from home but often without  reliable access to the internet. Evictions are rising. Families are  struggling to find childcare. Unemployment is at the highest level I  can remember--certainly unacceptable levels. States are preparing for  November's elections without the resources they need to make sure  people can safely vote. The Postal Service needs a serious injection of  funding to deliver mail in a timely manner. It actually has  consequences.   I am for the right to negotiate. I was 4 weeks ago. I have been  throughout the time the Senate has been out of session. I have been  prepared to come back and negotiate. But now we find that, no,  Republican leadership will not negotiate.   Senator McConnell says he has prepared a so-called skinny COVID bill  to put before the Senate. He will put it before us on a take-it-or- leave-it basis--no amendments, no debate. This proposal is not skinny;  it is anemic.   Why are they afraid to vote? Let's have amendments and vote them up  or down. Is there any question as to why the American public wonders  what is going on when the Republican leadership will not even allow a  vote? What are they so afraid of? It is democracy. Vote up or down. The  Republicans have a majority. If they don't like the amendments that  come up, vote them down, but at least vote on them. Don't hide behind  platitudes, tweets, and campaign ads, which you can do because you  never actually have to take responsibility. You ought to vote.   The bill hasn't been made public, but details are beginning to  emerge. The details that have emerged show it is woefully inadequate to  meet the needs of the country. In fact, it provides even less relief  than the smaller, trillion-dollar package the Trump administration put  forward before the Senate adjourned a month ago.   I don't know where Republicans spent the last month, but I know where  I was. I was all over the State of Vermont talking to Republicans,  Democrats, and Independents, hearing what is on people's minds--not  lobbyists, not special interests, but the people who have to pay the  bills and who have to pay the consequences. I became even more  convinced, not less, that we have dire needs in this country because of  the coronavirus pandemic, and we have to address them, and soon. How  any Senator went back to his or her home State and returned convinced  that even less assistance is needed than when we left last month is  baffling to me. That is why I am saying that every Senator can say  where they stand, but the way they prove where they stand is to vote.   Let's have the courage to stand up and vote yes or no, not a take-it- or-leave-it package that will be decided by one person, and nobody else  would be able to vote anything differently. What are we? What are we--a  bunch of ducks in a row, or are we U.S. Senators?   Adding insult to injury, we now find that the bill ultimately  provides sweeping liability shields for corporate bad actors who fail  to do their part to keep consumers, employees, and patients safe. It  tells you everything you need to know about the priorities of this  Republican package--big corporations come ahead of struggling American  families.   Instead of the person who is trying to pay the bills and send their  children back to school, who is making out in this bill? The lobbyists  for multibillion-dollar insurance companies. They are already making  billions of dollars. They don't have to worry about paying the bills.  They don't have to worry about their children going back to school.  They don't have to worry about jobs. And this bill gives them one more  gift? How can we possibly say we support that and then go back home and  say we are on the side of our people?    If the majority leader wants to put this so-called skinny bill-- including a giveaway to the multibillion-dollar insurance companies-- well, do it the right way. Bring it here. Set up a real debate on the  bill--debate that the country deserves and that I think a majority of  the Republicans and Democrats would want. Open it to amendment--no  limits. Let the process work--not a process that only rewards highly  paid lobbyists for multibillion-dollar corporations, but allow Senators  on both sides of the aisle to say: Here is where I stand with the  people in my State who have to pay the bills, who have to send their  kids back to school, who are trying to keep their jobs or keep their  farms going, or whatever it might be.   Let Members raise issues important to their constituents from any of  the 50 States, and then vote on those issues: funding for State and  local governments that are facing the brunt of the COVID response;  money for schools so we can safely educate our Nation's children;  rental assistance and eviction protections to help keep people in their  homes; food assistance for hungry families so they don't go hungry in  the wealthiest Nation on Earth; funding for our elections so we can  ensure that people can safely vote and we can trust the results of the  vote; big investments in testing and contact tracing because we know we  can't begin to do the amount of testing and contact tracing we need to  do today.   Our economy is only going to come back when the American people are  confident the virus is no longer a threat. I know the President said  last winter that of course the virus will go away in the spring.  Everybody in this Chamber, Republican and Democrat, knows he wasn't  telling the truth on that. Of course it didn't go away.   We are not going to have a recovery until we have confidence that the  virus is no longer a threat. My friend Senator McConnell's skinny bill  doesn't provide that confidence.   So I say put these issues up for a vote. Take each one of these  issues and vote it up or down. Let the American people see where each  Member of this Chamber stands. I know where I stand. Do as Republican  leaders in the past have done. Howard Baker, Bob Dole, and others are  the great leaders. To my knowledge, with some of the amendments, they  would say: OK, we will vote them up or we will vote them down. Why  don't we do that? That is the way the Senate was designed. But this  majority leader will not do what his predecessors have done. Why?  Because on many of these issues, he knows he would lose. Not too many  would be willing to vote for his giveaway to the lobbyists for the  large insurance companies.   A vote simply to move to this bill is just for show. It doesn't  provide us an opportunity for real debate. It doesn't solve the  problems facing the country. Show votes do nothing to combat the virus  or give the American people the confidence to reopen the economy. In  fact, I suggest just the opposite. The American people, seeing us doing  just political showboating votes here, are going to have even less  confidence that things will come back.   Absent a real debate in the Senate, which clearly the other side of  the aisle is afraid of, Republicans have to come back to the  negotiating table. Restart bipartisan and bicameral talks on a  comprehensive COVID relief package that can pass both Chambers.   I hear Senators say, well, we can't vote on this or we can't vote on  that because it might not be popular at home. My response in a case  like that is, why do you want to be here?   We have had nearly 2,000 Senators in this country. The Senator who  voted the most in the Nation's history was Senator Bob Byrd, one of the  longest serving Senators. He voted around 18,000 times. He was willing  to stand for his vote. Out of those 2,000 Senators, the Senator who  comes in second with the most votes is this Senator from Vermont. That  is not just for longevity; that means I voted for things that I knew  would hurt me politically, but I thought it was the right thing to do.  I was willing to state to the people of Vermont: Here is where I stand.  You can agree or disagree with me, but you know where I stand.   One of the reasons the Senate is held in such disfavor in this  country is that we don't vote. We don't have real debate. It is all one  way or that way alone.   Absent a real debate in the Senate, which clearly the Republican  leader is afraid of, why don't the Republicans come back to the  negotiating table and restart bipartisan, bicameral talks on a  comprehensive COVID relief package that can pass both Chambers?  [[Page S5432]]    We actually were prepared to do this in July. I remember saying: Why  don't we bring up all the appropriations bills? The Republicans have  the majority. They can vote them down if they don't like them, but  let's bring them up and have a vote on them, one way or the other. No,  we couldn't do it.   Now Senator McConnell says he wants to do this process piecemeal:  Pass a little bit now, a little bit later. Trust me, we can do that.   Well, as Ronald Reagan would say, ``Trust, but verify.'' Let's have a  real vote. Let's vote on all of it because we know that the majority  leader will adjourn the Senate later this month to go home and  campaign. It appears all he wants is a show vote on a woefully  inadequate bill that he knows can never become law and then to get out  of here.   That is not a plan for action. That is not a real plan to pass a bill  for the American people. It is unacceptable.   Why don't we admit that the most important thing before us is what is  happening with COVID and how we address it? Now, I know a lot of  Republicans who have some very good ideas, and I know a lot of  Democrats who have some very good ideas to address it. Let's bring them  up. Let's vote on them--vote for them or vote against them.   Don't say we are not going to allow a vote because we don't have  time. We have plenty of time. We have plenty of time. Let's just stay  here every day, go through weekends if need be, and just vote, vote up  or down.   We are running out of time. Right now, the majority leader intends to  adjourn the Senate in just a few weeks. Well, the American people don't  have that luxury. They can't just go home for a few weeks knowing their  bills are being paid, their salary is being paid. They need our help.  Why don't we do our job and vote these things up or down?   Have the courage to say what you stand for. We could have, easily, 40  to 50 amendments--realistic amendments from both Republicans and  Democrats--vote them up or down, and then have a bill that can go to  conference. Every one of us knows we should have done that in July. We  didn't. We could have done that in August. We didn't.   It is September. Let's at least now do our job, uphold our oath of  office, and pass the bill. Let's not be afraid of how we vote. I know,  in my own votes, those 16,000-plus, somebody can find votes they  disagree with. So what. I have the courage to vote.   I call on my fellow Senators: Have the courage to vote. We are  supposed to be the conscience of the Nation. Let's try to be. I see  other Senators on the floor, eagerly awaiting their chance to give us  their news.   I yield the floor.   