 Mr. President, I am on the floor this afternoon to  encourage us in the U.S. Senate to address at least some of the needs  related to the consequences of COVID-19.   There is a deadline that is fast approaching. This problem was  created in the statute by legislation that was passed, the CARES Act. I  have introduced legislation called the RISER Act to offer a solution to  the issue I am about to describe.   As COVID-19 has swept across the country, businesses and community  institutions have been forced to adapt to the virus, fundamentally  changing the way in which they operate. More people are working from  home today than ever before, while others are being asked to dedicate  increased resources for public health precautions and support  management. Virtual education and healthcare have also expanded greatly  as communities are forced to conduct ordinary functions from afar to  prevent the spread of the disease.   Adapting to the realities of this newly virtual economy is costly. To  aid in this transition, as part of the CARES Act, Congress established  the Coronavirus Relief Fund, or CRF. It is a multibillion-dollar fund  for State and local governments to disburse, covering a variety of  expenses that have arisen due to COVID-19. Expenses that can be paid  from the CRF funds include providing small businesses and other  organizations with grants to reimburse them for costs associated with  handling coronavirus.   This funding was partly intended to address immediate, unforeseen  costs absorbed by our public emergency officials and healthcare  providers. Kansas  [[Page S6691]]  counties' health departments have increasingly relied on this funding  to ensure they are able to meet the needs of their community now and  into the future as this pandemic stretches on.   Many States, including my own of Kansas, have also established  forward-looking programs to distribute grants for economic development  projects that respond to COVID-19, such as telemedicine, tele-education  projects, and projects that would improve broadband infrastructure in  rural and underserved areas. These communities already face a sharp  divide in terms of broadband availability, and this pandemic has  highlighted that. Unfortunately, for all the work we have accomplished  in spreading the use of broadband, the availability of broadband,  increasing its connectivity, there are still plenty of areas that need  to be improved for access to quality internet services.   As more broadband-intensive work like video conferencing and virtual  appointments now takes place at a much higher rate, the urgency to  improve these services increases. Rural communities stand to lose the  most without these types of projects.   Many of the projects require long lead times to wisely plan,  appropriate, and expend Federal funding. However--and here is the  problem--the CARES Act mandates that CRF funds be spent by the end of  this year, now just a little more than a month away. This is absolutely  not enough time for preparation-intensive projects to be carefully  planned and executed. The current deadline puts several long-term  economic development plans at risk of losing funding if they are not  completed by December 31, and it also prevents new, meaningful  proposals from being considered in the first place.   Many Kansans--from our county health departments to our universities,  to our schools, to our cities and counties, to mayors and county  commissioners whom I have visited with--have urged us to extend this  looming deadline. We need to have a longer period of time so that the  Federal dollars are not spent--I always try to avoid using the phrase  ``Federal dollars.'' They are really taxpayer dollars or borrowed money  that has to be paid back by taxpayers. It is a silly proposition that  we would require the money to be spent when what it will mean is we  will spend money less effectively and less efficiently than we  otherwise would in the absence of this near-term deadline.   That is why Senator Roberts and I have introduced the Remove  Impediments for a Successful Economic Recovery Act, or RISER. This bill  would extend that deadline for State and local governments by 2 years  for a set of currently eligible expenditures that meet criteria for  qualified economic development plans.   This bill would allow funds for critical projects that require  additional attention and time for a more thoughtful investment to be  spent more effectively without cutting short a strategic investment  that Congress made back in March to support our communities that need  it the most.   I believe that State and local governments know what is best for  their communities, including where and when to spend these Federal  dollars.   Extending the relief for CRF payments dedicated to, particularly, job  creation projects will allow Kansas and other States to strategically  target areas of need over a longer period of time, making more certain  that our taxpayer dollars are making the greatest impact to help our  people recover from this pandemic. This will better ensure that the  areas in need identified by States and localities have a stable source  of investment that will aid in the ongoing economic recovery.   That said, I remain engaged with the Treasury and Senate Finance  Committee to improve the RISER Act to ensure the availability of  bipartisan support. This is a bill I want to pass, not a bill I just  want to introduce.   While this thoughtful discussion with Treasury and the Finance  Committee continues, I recognize that Congress must urgently act to  extend the deadline in the meantime.   While I have a particular bill that does things that I think are  hugely important in this arena, I also recognize that we don't have the  time to wait. Often throughout these few days that I have been home,  away from Washington, DC, I have been asked: How is your legislation  coming? The answer is: There is broad bipartisan support. Most  Senators--most Republican Senators and most Democratic Senators--are  supportive of this measure, but the issue is: Will we be able to extend  the deadline in time for our local units of government to know that  they have an additional amount of time, or, in the absence of that,  will we allow them or require them to spend money in ways less  effective or efficient than they otherwise would?   I know that there are other pieces of legislation introduced by a few  of my colleagues that would offer what we would call a clean extension  of the CRF deadline, and I urge my Senate colleagues to support the  immediate enactment of these legislative proposals to provide  flexibility in fostering meaningful investments in our home States.   Around here, too often, it seems that if we can't do everything to  solve a problem, we do nothing to solve a problem. I have never  understood that attitude or approach. The things that we can agree on-- and this is one, I think, on which we can, this extension of the  deadline--we ought not wait for a larger package that continues to be  negotiated between the White House and Speaker Pelosi or between  Republican and Democratic leadership in the Senate or the Republican  leadership with the Democratic leadership in the House.   Whatever the negotiations ongoing today to get us to a point in which  we are addressing what we generally call phase 4, another effort to  improve the opportunities for us to provide relief to our constituents  due to the pandemic--whatever all those machinations are--they will not  happen quickly enough, and they certainly will not happen quickly  enough to make certain that our local officials and their citizens know  that they no longer would need to spend the money that we have provided  them in the next 5 or 6 weeks.   By including the coronavirus relief fund in the CARES Act, Congress  extended a hand to States, local governments, and areas in need across  the country that are looking to adapt to the new realities of the  ongoing pandemic. In the absence of an extension of the deadline, money  will be misspent and will certainly not be spent in the most effective  and valuable way.   I urge my colleagues not only to support the legislation that I have  introduced, the RISER Act, but to work with others--all of us--to come  to a point in which we are capable this week--if it doesn't get done  this week, it probably means very little in an extension--to this week  pass an extension beyond December 31 for the use of those CARES dollars  in States across the Nation.   I urge my colleagues to join my legislation. I urge my colleagues to  join to ensure that the hand we offered under the CARES Act won't be  withdrawn way too soon. I am thankful for the opportunity to address my  colleagues in the Senate.   I yield the floor.   