 Madam Speaker, I find this interesting and sad. Since the  last time we were here, for all the handwringing, all of the hues and  cries that the President was taking us to the brink of war, that he was  a warmonger, that this was so reckless as we are still hearing today,  well, what has actually happened?   The problem with my colleague's argument is that it flies in the face  of what is actually happened in the Middle East.   What has happened is deterrence has been restored. It is relatively  peaceful at this point.   I say, ``relatively.'' The fact is that we don't have thousands of  boots on the ground in Teheran or in Iran.   What we all know who have actually fought against the Quds Force and  fought against the Iranians is they are deterred by strength and  emboldened by weakness.   So this bill seeks to restrain the President, who has shown  incredible restraint.   Did he respond to the attacks on international shipping? No.   Did he respond to attacks on world energy supplies? No.   Did he respond to the attack on an American drone? No.   Only after another American was killed--yet another American was  killed--and our Embassy was attacked did he finally respond. And what  did he do? A limited, proportional, targeted strike in Iraq--not Iran-- that had zero civilian casualties.   And every American, from the lowest private to the Commander in  Chief, has the right to self-defense. It was his duty. It was the  President's duty as Commander in Chief to stop the Iranian escalation  and to respond.   And, by the way, what did he do? He took down the head of a terrorist  organization who was declared, under the Obama administration, a  terrorist, no different than Osama bin Laden, no different than al- Baghdadi. A terrorist is a terrorist.   In this case, Soleimani was a massive and serial human rights abuser,  responsible for the deaths of tens of thousands of people across the  Middle East, and the world is a better place for the fact that he is no  longer on this Earth.   Madam Speaker, all this is doing is seeking to tie the President's  hands; and the last thing I want is any Commander in Chief--and to my  colleague--for any party having to come back to this body to defend  Americans, to defend our diplomats, and to exercise his right to take  terrorists off the face of this Earth.   I cannot encourage my colleagues more strongly to oppose this  resolution. This is politics at its worst.   