 Mr. Speaker, as a physician and obstetrician, I  represent one of the largest agriculture-producing districts in the  country. I am proud to help lead H. Res. 189, a critical resolution  addressing the health and development of children around the world and  a role the United States must continue to play to improve maternal and  child nutrition.   Every year, malnutrition accounts for half of all deaths among  children under the age of 5. Nearly a quarter of the world's children  are stunted, both physically and mentally, due to malnutrition. This  leads to long-term poor health and impaired brain development.   Mr. Speaker, food is medicine. The 1,000 days stretching from  conception, from the start of a mother's pregnancy, until the child  turns 2, is critical to increasing child survival, strengthening the  immune system to bolster disease resistance, and improving the child's  ability to grow, learn, and live to their fullest potential.   Investments that focus on the first year of a child's life are among  the best and most cost-effective investments that can be made to help  achieve lasting progress in global health, economic prosperity, and  development.   The USDA and the USAID oversee America's longstanding commitment to  reducing hunger and improving global food security. Our international  feeding programs originated in my home State of Kansas, in Cheyenne  County, when a group of farmers presented the idea of distributing  food, rather than just funding, to countries to help their populations  thrive.   Programs like the USAID's Food for Peace and USDA's McGovern-Dole  Food for Education provide basic humanitarian aid to families, women,  and children worldwide and help our farmers and ranchers reach more  markets for the high-quality commodities they produce. The U.S. exports  about $140 billion worth of agricultural products each year, thanks to  the hard work of farmers and their partnership with USDA and USAID.   Not only are U.S. investments in nutrition efficient and effective,  but U.S. nutrition programs also leverage other investments in foreign  assistance, increasing the impact on improving health globally, which  can lead to countries lessening their dependence on foreign aid and  thriving economically.   However, the COVID-19 outbreak threatens achievements made by many  USDA and USAID programs due to restrictions to supply chains that are  stressing food markets and placing people suffering from hunger on the  brink of starvation.   The cost of malnutrition to the global economy is estimated to be  $3.5 trillion in healthcare costs and lost productivity every year, and  COVID-19 is only making it more challenging to address.   Fortunately, help is on the way. This week, we hope the FDA will  approve and review the emergency use authorization for vaccine  candidates. Meanwhile, we have all got work to do.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the committee and the gentleman from  Massachusetts (Mr. McGovern), my good friend, and our 154 cosponsors  for bringing our resolution to the House floor.   