 Mr. President, I would like to start by giving a quick  history lesson, and I will begin with just two numbers. These two  numbers speak to how extraordinary it is that we are here today  debating and voting on a nominee for the U.S. Supreme Court.   The first number is four. Four. That is how many Supreme Court  vacancies have arisen after July 1 and before election day in a  Presidential election year. Only four times in the history of this  country has a Supreme Court vacancy arisen within 4 months of a  Presidential election.   The next number I think is very important to remember, and that  number is zero. Zero. That is how many times these vacancies were  filled. In fact, similar to this vacancy, President Lincoln had a  Senate majority when a vacancy arose just weeks before election day in  1864. What did he do? He chose to wait. President Lincoln thought  nominating a Justice so close to an election would delegitimize our  institutions and harm the Republic that he was fighting so hard to  preserve.   That is the precedent that President Trump and Senate Republicans  have disregarded as they quickly plotted to fill the seat just hours,  if not minutes, after Justice Ginsburg's passing.   In addition to breaking with this historical precedent, Republicans  are also jamming through their nomination in the middle of a pandemic  that is gripping our country.   Instead of prioritizing Michigan first responders, small businesses,  workers, teachers, families, and healthcare professionals who are still  suffering through the effects of the coronavirus pandemic, Senate  Republicans and the President are instead laser-focused on jamming  through a Supreme Court nominee for a lifetime appointment.   This is more than just political gamesmanship. This nominee will  significantly impact the lives of Michiganians and folks all across our  country.   We know that the Supreme Court is set to shortly consider a case that  has far-reaching ramifications for people's healthcare. The Trump  administration is arguing in Court that the Affordable Care Act should  be overturned in a case that will come before the Supreme Court in  November, just 7 days after election day.   If the Trump administration gets its way in this lawsuit, we could go  back to the days when insurance companies once again call the shots on  people's healthcare. Over 4 million Michiganders with preexisting  healthcare conditions could be denied coverage. Seniors could be  charged more for prescription drugs. Lifetime and annual limits on  coverage could make costs unaffordable and, as a result, force families  into bankruptcy. Before the passage of the Affordable Care Act, medical  debt was the No. 1 reason for personal bankruptcy. People faced  financial devastation simply because they got sick. Women could again  be charged more for being a woman because a potential pregnancy is a  preexisting condition.   We have come way too far to be turning the clock backward. For the  Trump administration to be pushing this lawsuit is reckless and  dangerous, especially during the worst public health and economic  crisis in generations.   But that is not all that is at stake. A woman's right to make her own  healthcare decisions and reproductive freedom is at stake. Workers'  rights against corporate special interests are at stake. Environmental  justice is at stake. Access to the ballot box is at stake. Attempts to  end the corrosive effect of money in campaigns and elections is at  stake. And LGBTQ rights are at stake. Those are just some of the many  issues that a Supreme Court Justice with a lifetime appointment will be  ruling on for decades to come.   Judge Amy Coney Barrett's nomination has extremely far-reaching  consequences.   We are just a few days from election day. Already over 2 million  Michiganders have voted, and many more are voting as I speak here  today. With all that is at stake, Michiganders deserve a say in who  nominates and confirms the next Justice to our Nation's highest Court.  And the fact that Michiganders are being denied this opportunity is  simply unacceptable.   Therefore, I cannot support this nomination process. It should wait  until a new President and Senate take office following an election to  take place in only a few days. For this reason and many others, I will  not be voting for Judge Barrett's confirmation. I will cast a ``no''  vote.   Here we are. Instead of bringing folks together to find common ground  on coronavirus relief, our country is being forced to go through a  divisive Supreme Court nomination process. It simply did not have to be  this way.   I continue to stand ready to roll up my sleeves and put together a  comprehensive, bipartisan, and meaningful COVID relief package. Ask any  Michigander what they are worried about today, and you are going to get  the same answers from them. They are worried about being able to put  food on the table or a roof over their head. They are worried about  getting or keeping a job to support their families. They are worried  about catching a virus that has killed over 7,000 of their fellow  Michiganders and over 220,000 people all across our Nation. They are  worried that, if they survive a COVID infection, it will compromise  their health for the rest of their lives. They will have a preexisting  condition.   So I ask: Why isn't this pandemic the Senate's top priority right  now? When we passed the CARES Act, we came together. We put politics  aside and passed a real comprehensive package that helped keep millions  of people  [[Page S6573]]  stay afloat. We need to summon that spirit again. Michiganders are  counting on us. Americans across this country are counting on us.   I implore my colleagues to drop what we are doing, and let's come  together and pass a meaningful, bipartisan COVID relief package, and  let's get that done now.   I yield the floor   