 Madam President, I am proud to talk about the  National Defense Authorization Act, which has come to this body with a  strong bipartisan vote from the Armed Services Committee where I serve.  I am proud to have helped to craft this legislation, and I am proud to  be voting for some of the amendments that have been permitted votes on  the floor.   One that has not been permitted relates to the Insurrection Act, a  213-year-old law that has been invoked at various points in our history  to protect civil rights as it was during the era of desegregation, but  President Trump has threatened to use this slavery-era law to silence  calls for justice from Americans protesting centuries of racist  oppression.   In effect, he has threatened to invert the Insurrection Act to  deprive Americans of their First Amendment right. So I introduced a  bill called the CIVIL Act that would preserve Presidential  accountability to Congress whenever the Insurrection Act is invoked. It  would require the President to consult with Congress prior to invoking  the act and provide certification to Congress to justify the use of  this authority. It has other provisions.   It was voted down in the markup of the Armed Services Committee, but  I sought a vote on the floor. Apparently, it will not happen.   If the President uses force against Americans at home, Congress  should demand at least the same check that applied to his use of force  against adversaries abroad.   I offered this act as an amendment, and I am grateful to all my  Democratic colleagues on the committee for supporting it. I am also  grateful to the House of Representatives, which, just yesterday, passed  an NDAA amendment to its bill modifying the CIVIL Act, which I  introduced. It is called the Curtailing Insurrection Act Violations of  Individuals' Liberties. I would like to thank my colleagues on the  House side who supported this amendment, particularly Congresswoman  Escobar, who led the charge in the House Armed Services Committee and  on the House floor.   I urge our colleagues, whether it is now in the course of considering  the NDAA or at some point in the future, to hold the President, any  President--we are talking not only about this President but any  President--accountable when he uses military force against Americans.  When the American military and troops of our country are used against  Americans, there ought to be at least the same accountability as when  American troops are used abroad, with the same kind of checks--maybe  not identical, but the same kinds of checks--because the President  using troops against our own citizens denies, potentially, fundamental  freedoms, and the need for accountability is even more urgent. Our  military should defend liberties, not endanger them, misdirected by a  misguided President.   Despite my disappointment in the Senate's lack of action to curtail  the President's unaccountable use and abuse of military power, I am  proud of a number of provisions that I also authored in this bill that  invest in our most valuable military asset, our servicemembers and  their families.   I am grateful to all of the military spouses and advocates from  across the country who shared their challenges with me and my office.  Their stories, their voice, and their faces made an immensely impactful  difference. We used their experience to craft these overdue policies.   I want to say to those families--to the spouses and loved ones--that  they serve as much as the men and women they support in uniform.   The NDAA includes important provisions that I championed to hold  commanders accountable to military families, make childcare more  affordable, expand support for military moms, and prevent mental health  discrimination. These measures are profoundly important.   Provisions I authored with Senator Kaine will make childcare more  affordable by authorizing hardship waivers, requiring fee reductions  for families with more than one child. And the NDAA will support those  military moms by extending TRICARE to include other kinds of services.   The Connecticut military industrial base will benefit from the  increased expenditure and the robust investment in two Virginia-class  submarines. My priority during the negotiations on the conference  committee will be to advance this cause.   These provisions for expanding our production of submarines and other  military platforms must also focus on our supply base, on the workforce  that keeps us safe, and on men and women who comprise, indeed, the most  talented workforce, using and building unmatched military technology to  keep our countries secure.   We should keep in mind the families of our military and continue  fighting for even more provisions that enable them to continue their  great work, but these military platforms assure that our troops will  never have a fair fight--that they will always be superior, no matter  what the terrain or arena or the fight.   I am pleased that the NDAA makes robust investments in Connecticut's  industrial base. I will make as my top priority during negotiations of  the conference committee to restore full funding for two submarines,  even beyond the commitment in this NDAA, to a second Virginia-class  submarine in this budget authorization.   I was pleased, again, to see action by the House, which provides for  two fully funded Virginia-class submarines in the House Armed Services  Committee version of the NDAA.   In addition to fully funding the first Columbia-class submarine--a  historic milestone for this program--the Senate version added an  additional $175 million for Columbia-class supplier development. The  heroes in this story are not only the big contractors. They are the  supply chains--not only the companies with hundreds of employees but  the components makers and the parts manufacturers that may make tiny  pieces of the submarine by comparison to its massive length. They are  all heroes of our defense industrial production.    People are the foundation of the submarine industrial base, and this  bill authorizes an additional $20 million in workforce development  funding. I will seek to expand the supplier development program, which  provides the kind of support that the supply chain needs.   We must ensure that the final bill preserves not only the necessary  levels of funding for the Virginia-class and the Columbia-class  submarines but also for continued growth of our fifth generation  fighter fleet. It is a key component of our national defense. The  Senate version of the NDAA authorizes the growth of the F-35 fleet by  93 aircraft, including 14 aircraft above the President's budget  request.   I remain a staunch advocate of the CH-53K program. I was happy to see  the House Appropriations Defense Subcommittee fund nine CH-53K  helicopters. I am going to work to ensure that the final NDAA also  authorizes nine helicopters.   I want to congratulate and thank Sikorsky, Pratt & Whitney, Raytheon  Technologies, and, again, the many suppliers throughout Connecticut  that contribute to an aerospace program second to none in the world.   Finally, let me talk a little bit about the Fair Care for Vietnam  Veterans Act of 2020. Later this week, we will vote on an amendment to  the NDAA based on a bicameral Fair Care for Veterans Act of 2020.   In March, I, along with Senator Tester and 30 Senate colleagues,  introduced this legislation to require the VA to provide benefits for  veterans suffering from bladder cancer, hypothyroidism, Parkinsonism,  and hypertension.   The National Academy recognizes that these illnesses have an  association with herbicide exposure. It reached that conclusion in  2016. Since then, I have been fighting, along with many of my  colleagues, to get the VA to include these four conditions as  presumptive conditions linked to Agent Orange,  [[Page S4339]]  only to have this administration's officials block us at every turn.   Despite the scientific proof--the incontrovertible science that these  conditions are linked to Agent Orange--and despite more than 83,000  veterans who suffer from these conditions, the Trump administration's  VA resisted and refused to acknowledge the connection.   I look forward to voting to add bladder cancer, hypothyroidism, and  Parkinsonism to the list of Agent Orange presumptives. One condition in  our bill, hypertension, was not included in this NDAA amendment, but I  am committed to adding it during conference. It is supported by the  science as a condition linked to Agent Orange.   The Trump administration says it doesn't want to spend the money to  cover the four conditions in this bill, but when we send people to war,  we make a commitment. We make a commitment, and we accept an obligation  to treat them, no matter what the cost, no matter what the cause of  their service-related injuries are when the science and the facts  support it. Facts are stubborn things, as many have said. To the  veterans in Connecticut and nationwide, I will never stop fighting to  get good healthcare for our veterans. I know this issue is bipartisan  in its support.   I look forward to voting in favor of the fiscal year 2021 NDAA, but I  also think our colleagues must recognize that military spending alone  does not guarantee our national security. These weapons platforms and  the hardware that we produce does not constitute, alone, our national  defense. It is the quality of our people, whether they are in the  supply chain or the defense establishment or our troops on the ground  or in the air or at sea. To recruit and train the best possible  military, we need to have a strong nonmilitary infrastructure.  Education, healthcare, housing--our national defense includes those  essential components.   So I believe that we must scrutinize this budget with a view to  reducing any expenditures that are unnecessary.   I will state as a matter of principle that when we vote on this NDAA,  I will be supportive of amendments that might potentially achieve more  equity and effectiveness in the way we make commitments in support of  our national defense. We must interpret as broadly as is necessary how  that defense must be supported.   It is not alone the money in this NDAA; it is also what we commit to  racial justice in this country; the quality of our policing and our  education, which should not depend on a young person's ZIP Code; the  quality of our healthcare, which right now has racial disparities that  are inexcusable; housing that often results from redlining; and  protections in the workplace, which could be achieved by a fairer, more  effective use of OSHA.   The quality of our society and our projection of power abroad depend  on our quality of life and the quality of services that we provide on  education, healthcare, housing, and all of the other infrastructure,  including transportation. We need to consider those factors and do what  is necessary to assure that our warfighters and our military never have  a fair fight, that they always predominate on the battlefield. We must  protect our veterans to whom we make the commitment that we will always  have their backs when they come home.   I yield the floor.   