 Madam Speaker, first, I want to remind my colleagues from  the other side of the aisle that this President has attempted to get  rid of, to eliminate, the Affordable Care Act, ObamaCare, over and over  and over again. So when you pretend to care about expanding healthcare  or taking care of people who don't have healthcare, it seems a little  hollow to me.   That is why I am proud to stand up here to support the Patient  Protection and Affordable Care Enhancement Act because it would invest  in working families by expanding affordability, strengthening consumer  protections, and increasing coverage. And there is a lot to like in  this bill.   For the first time ever, under this legislation, doctor recipients  would be  [[Page H2630]]  eligible for help with their premiums for plans they purchased under  Covered California or HealthCare.gov.   For DACA recipients, home is here. Many of them have been working as  first responders and frontline health providers during the pandemic,  and they should have affordable healthcare like any other American.   Madam Speaker, I would like to thank Chairman Neal for working with  me on this important provision.   Second, this bill makes changes so that Medicaid more effectively  serves its patients.   For instance, under the legislation, Medicaid enrollees would have  better access to primary care physicians, and they won't lose their  healthcare coverage just because of small fluctuations in their income  over the course of a year.   Forty-seven percent of my congressional district is enrolled in  Medicaid or Medi-Cal, so these provisions are crucial.   Last, this bill makes healthcare more affordable by increasing  subsidies for working families on the marketplace. This provision is  similar to the Healthcare Affordability Act of 2019 that I introduced  with Congresswoman Lauren Underwood. This is a historic step.   The Affordable Care Act was a big step, but it is not done. We are  going to keep pushing, and we are not going to negotiate with the other  side of the aisle that keeps trying to eliminate and roll back  protections and affordable healthcare for millions of Americans.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the  Speaker's table the bill (S. 4091) to amend section 113 of the Social  Security Act to provide authority for fiscal year 2020 for increased  payments for temporary assistance to United States citizens returned  from foreign countries, and for other purposes.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.   