 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I rise in great frustration in opposition to this politically- motivated resolution. It is nothing but a blatant attempt to handcuff  the President's ability to defend our citizens and our allies.   Just this morning, U.S. intelligence officials reported that they are  now confident that Ukraine Airlines 752 was shot down by Iranian  surface-to-air missiles, another 176 innocent lives lost.   The Islamic Republic of Iran has been hostile to our Nation for  decades, and yet it has certainly escalated in the last several months  with a campaign of antagonistic military action.   Have my Democratic colleagues forgotten about the shipping vessel  sabotaged by naval mines last May and June, or the American drone shot  down over international waters, or the British oil tanker seized by the  Iranian Revolutionary Guard, or the Saudi oil facilities that were  attacked?   And then when an American citizen was killed in an attack on Kirkuk  Air Base in December and our Embassy in Iraq subsequently overrun, our  President drew a line in the sand. Yet, after months of tremendous  restraint, the President was determined that not one  [[Page H109]]  more American life would be lost by this hostile Iranian regime, and I  fully support the President in his actions.   I do agree with many of my colleagues that it is time for this body  to have a serious conversation and to address the many issues inherent  with operating under a 20-plus-year-old authorization for military  force, but that should not be confused with the process that is taking  place here with this resolution.    Mr. Speaker, this is nothing but an attempt by  the majority in a 3-year-long process by their party to take any and  every opportunity to undermine or embarrass this President. But be  assured that this politically-motivated resolution nor any evil that  comes our way will cause our President to hesitate when called upon to  defend American lives.   I just say, God bless the President; God bless America.   