 Mr. President, I appreciate the recognition. I ask  unanimous consent that the Committee on Foreign Relations be discharged  and the Senate proceed to the en bloc consideration of the following  nominations: PN1938, PN2024, PN2101, PN2030, and PN2025; that the  Senate vote on the nominations en bloc with no intervening action or  debate; that if confirmed, the motions to reconsider be considered made  and laid upon the table en bloc and the President be immediately  notified of the Senate's action.    Mr. President, I just want to say I appreciate my friend  and my colleague, and truly, when he invoked the spirit of cooperation  and the spirit of bipartisanship, I felt lucky that he didn't invoke  the spirit of Christmas as well.    But I do want to let him know that, indeed, the five  people are nonpolitical individuals with the State Department. I wish  we could just move them and get confirmed. But I do have an objection  to the sixth that he would seek to add, so I will not modify my  request.    Mr. President, it is good to see you in that seat, sir.  The post of Ambassador to Pakistan is one that is highly relevant to  American national securities, as I think all 100 of us understand. The  person selected to implement the U.S. foreign policy and engage  diplomatically with the Pakistani Government must be someone who  understands that American-Pakistani relationship and the complex and  evolving challenges to regional stability in South Asia. That person  must also be someone who can be trusted by the American people and by  their colleagues at the State Department to carry out U.S. foreign  policy decisions.   Unfortunately, there is a disturbing and documented pattern of  behavior from Mr. Todd that I believe makes him unqualified to serve as  our Ambassador to Pakistan.   From 2017 to 2019, Mr. Todd served in a variety of management  positions at the State Department, including as Acting Director General  and Assistant Secretary for Human Resources and as Acting Under  Secretary for Management.   During that time, the House Committee on Foreign Affairs and the  Senate Foreign Relations Committee opened investigations into  allegations that senior State Department officials, including Mr. Todd,  were engaging in prohibited personnel practices against other members  of the State Department's career workforce.    As a result of these investigations, multiple State Department  officials told the committees that the administration wanted to punish  career officials at the State Department often for doing their jobs,  for following procedures and protocols, and also punish them for just  raising concerns about policies that they believed sincerely would be  dangerous or deleterious to American interests.   Mr. Todd was one of the people political appointees turned to to help  carry out a lot of those actions. When asked about those allegations in  the House Committee on Foreign Affairs, it was reported clearly that he  was unreasonably agitated, even raising his voice when asked about just  these routine issues.   The incoming administration has an enormous task. We know the  challenges in that region. In the entire State Department, there have  been challenges as well. We should give that new administration a  chance and not promote someone for what is a really critical  ambassadorship in a very complex and challenging region. We need to  make sure that we have someone prominent in the role who can command  the confidence of State Department officials, and that, in many ways,  gives the incoming administration a chance to deal with that vacancy,  which has been, I will note, vacant for 2 years without a nomination.   He clearly does not have the temperament or the track record of  standing up for his own employees or for the institution of the State  Department.   We should be doing everything in our power to restore credibility to  American leadership, not just overall in the world stage, which I know  we all agree on, but also in that region, and work to repair a lot of  the harm that this individual may have been involved in creating that  hurt morale so much.   I have a lot of confidence in the chairman's leadership. We have a  committee that often works in a bipartisan manner, and I am grateful  for that. It is one of the pleasures I have in serving in the Senate.  This role is critical to the country--the U.S. Ambassador to Pakistan.  Ambassador Hale left the post in September of 2018, and it was a year  before the administration nominated someone to the post. So, again, I  just find it, on top of my previous remarks, odd that the chairman and  others are now saying that we need this Ambassador now. I believe that  is not the case, and I believe that there hasn't been an urgency from  the administration to fill this ambassadorship until today.   So it is for these reasons that I oppose Mr. Todd's nomination, and I  hope that my colleague will move the other five. They are deserving  Foreign Service officers and should be confirmed. They should not be  held up because of objections to the nominee we have been discussing.   So we agree on these five nominees. I truly urge my colleague that we  should not obstruct them because of our differences over one. There is  a true urgency, I believe, in this season to get what we can agree on  done, and disagreement rooted as substantially as I believe this one is  should not hold up the other ones. That is why I think the nominees to  Ethiopia, Mauritania, Malaysia, and Sierra Leone--I do really believe  they should be confirmed today.   I yield the floor.   