 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to celebrate the passage of  the Great American Outdoors Act. The passage of this historic  legislation marks a once-in-a-generation step by this body to restore  and conserve our national parks, as well as our country's national  heritage. It builds on an American tradition of conserving our natural  wonders and shared public spaces. It reaffirms our commitment to  preserve them for future generations.   It is also important to note that this is a jobs bill. According to a  recent study, the Great American Outdoors Act will help create or  support 100,000 jobs all over the country, including 10,000 in my home  State of Virginia, at a time when millions of Americans are out of  work.   Currently, the National Park Service has a deferred maintenance  backlog of $12 billion. A chronic lack of funding from Congress has  forced the Park Service to defer maintenance on countless trails,  buildings, and historic structures, as well as thousands of miles of  roads and bridges. Today, over half of all Park Service assets are in  desperate need of repair.   To address these needs, a little over 3 years ago, I approached my  colleague and friend, Senator Rob Portman, with an idea. What if we  took unobligated Federal energy revenues and used them to address the  maintenance backlogs at our national parks. So we came together, in a  bipartisan partnership, and introduced the National Park Services  Legacy Act. A little over a year later, we combined our efforts with  Senator Alexander and Senator King to introduce our Restore Our Parks  Act. Earlier this year, this legislation was combined with Senator  Gardner and Senator Manchin's Land and Water Conservation Fund  legislation to form the Great American Outdoors Act.   This legislation represents one of the largest investments in the  infrastructure of our national parks in its over 100-year history. Over  the next 5 years, the Great American Outdoors Act will fund more than  half of all the deferred repairs and completely fund the Park Service's  highest priority needs. As my friend from Maine, Senator King, has  noted, deferred maintenance is really simply a debt for future  generations. With the passage of this bill today, we are one step  closer to paying down that debt.   Few States in the country are as impacted by the Park Service's  deferred maintenance backlog as the Commonwealth of Virginia. In the  Commonwealth, we have a maintenance backlog of over $1.1 billion. That  is the third largest behind California and DC. I want to give a few  examples of how this legislation will help preserve our historical  heritage and create jobs in my State.   Here in the National Capital Region, the George Washington Memorial  Parkway, which is managed by the National Park Service, has over $700  million in deferred maintenance. As a matter of fact, anyone in this  Chamber who travels on that road actually knows that we had a sinkhole  appear in the parkway within the last year--an enormous safety threat,  as well as an enormous inconvenience to anybody who travels on this  important road. Our legislation would help rebuild this critical  transportation route between Virginia, Washington, DC, and Maryland-- reducing traffic and, again, creating jobs.   Further south on I-95, the Richmond National Battlefield Park has  over $5 million in deferred maintenance. The nearby Maggie L. Walker  National Historic Site--this is the site actually of the first African- American-owned bank created by Maggie Walker, as well as the first bank  owned by an African-American woman. I visited it last year, and it has  maintenance needs approaching $1 million. At the nearby Petersburg  National Battlefield Park, the maintenance needs have grown to $9  million over the years. This legislation will help support critical  infrastructure needs of these parks, preserving these important pieces  of our heritage while again supporting our local economies.   Let me take you a little farther west, out to one of the real gems of  our National Park Service--probably one of the parks best known in  Virginia around the country--and that is the Shenandoah National Park.  It is one of the crown jewels of our Park Service. Again, the  maintenance backlog there in the Shenandoah sits at over $90 million.  Our legislation will put people to work on these overdue repairs,  including to Skyline Drive and stretches of the Appalachian Trail,  which are really at the heart of Virginia's outdoor tourism industry.   Let me take you a little farther down Skyline Drive, down farther in  Southwest Virginia. As you head southwest, the Blue Ridge Parkway right  here, which has accumulated over $500 million in deferred maintenance-- that is, as a matter of fact, over $1 million of deferred maintenance  for every mile of the Blue Ridge Parkway. The Great American Outdoors  Act will, again, put Virginians to work on these repairs so visitors  can continue to appreciate the beauty of Southwest Virginia and support  the local economy.   Let me end my visual tour of Virginia going to the eastern part of  the Commonwealth. This is one final example. Colonial National  Historical Park, which is home to historic Jamestown and the Yorktown  battlefield--some of our country's most significant sites from the  birth of our Nation. At this park and along the Colonial Parkway, there  are deferred maintenance needs totaling over $430 million. With this  legislation, the wait on many of these repairs is over. We are going to  create jobs, make sure this important part of our history is around for  years to come, and make sure we leave our kids and grandkids that sense  of who we are as a nation.   Now, before I close, I want to touch on the other half of this  legislation, which provides full mandatory funding for the Land and  Water Conservation Fund, the LWCF.   For decades, the LWCF has been the most important tool of the Federal  Government that States have had to protect critical natural areas,  water resources, and, again, cultural heritage. Virginia has received  over $368 million in LWCF funding, which has helped preserve and expand  critical recreation areas within the Commonwealth.   For example, the American Battlefield Protection Program, which is  funded through the LWCF, has been vital for communities across  Virginia, providing them with technical assistance and funding to help  them preserve their history and, again, attract tourists. LWCF has also  allowed us to expand and preserve land within the George Washington and  Jefferson National Forests and along the Appalachian Trail. These  efforts support the health of unique wildlife habitats and provide new  access for hunting, fishing, and other outdoor recreation.   Through this combination of the parks bill and the permanent funding  for the LWCF, the Great American Outdoors Act ensures that we will  continue to make these important investments in conservation in our  parks for years to come.   In closing, I thank my colleagues, again, for supporting this  historic legislation with an overwhelmingly bipartisan vote and a piece  of legislation  [[Page S3041]]  that is supported by the administration. My hope is that the House will  move quickly on this. What better present to our Nation than to have  this legislation signed into law, hopefully, by July 4.   As we all know, at a time of significant division in our country, the  fact that this body was able to come together and pass this bill with  over 70 votes gives me a little bit of hope. Again, I am proud of my  colleagues for stepping up to restore our national parks and public  lands, and as I mentioned at the outset, this legislation will create  over 100,000 jobs, jobs that are extraordinarily needed at this  critical moment when our economy has been shattered. So for current  Americans and future Americans, job well done.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   