 Mr. President, the COVID-19 pandemic has thrown our  country into a nightmare level crisis of joblessness. The Congress has  not done enough to stop it and has not done enough to save the jobs of  our people.   I have come to the floor this evening to call for the Senate to pass  legislation that is all about saving the public sector jobs that form  the backbone of our local communities, our firefighters, our first  responders, our teachers, our families, and so many others. They need  our help. They need it now.   Senate Democrats have been warning since March that when COVID-19  cases exploded and our economy went into lockdown, our States, our  cities, and our towns are now facing budgetary disasters unlike any  they have gone through in recent memory. The shortfalls that State and  local governments are facing due to the pandemic make the great  recession look like a modest little economic hiccup. Layoffs are now  happening at nightmarish levels.   In March, April, and May, there were 1.5 million job losses. Among  these key individuals were the firefighters, the first responders, our  public employees, folks who teach our kids, work in public health,  emergency response, and play a key role in maintaining our roads and  highways. I am just going to take a few minutes to run through some  specific examples of why Senate Democrats think this is so important.   First, what kind of sense does it make to sit back and allow  thousands and thousands of first responders to lose their jobs in the  middle of a pandemic? COVID-19 cases have spiked now in places around  this country. Our public health systems are getting hit like they were  hammered with a wrecking ball. State and local governments are being  forced to cut EMS  [[Page S3643]]  workers at the exact moment they need more first responders who know  how to keep the ailing of this country safe.   Second, let me mention education. Our country is in danger of losing  a generation of teachers if Congress does not act to save their jobs.  The official jobs data showed that in April alone, just 1 month, nearly  half a million K-12 employees lost their jobs--half a million.  Education experts have estimated that hundreds of thousands of teachers  could be permanently laid off without action.   Schoolchildren are already facing major setbacks due to the fact that  they can't get the same level of face-to-face instruction during the  pandemic. Far too many kids come from working families and are falling  behind because they don't have the technology, and they don't have the  support at home. Too many kids are hungry. Too many kids are neglected.  Nobody knows when they are going to be back in class full time.   Helping those young people catch up when this pandemic ends is  already going to be incredibly hard, and it will be even harder if the  Nation loses hundreds of thousands of dedicated teachers in the  meantime, and that is just K-12.   The COVID-19 crash is a disaster for Americans who want to get an  affordable college degree as well. Our public colleges and universities  are taking enormous losses. In my home State of Oregon, the losses  added up to $130 million this spring. States are facing big, higher  education budget cuts. School administrators are doing their best to  plan for the future, but, still, they don't know when their campuses  are going to go back to normal. You only have to look back to the great  recession to see what is likely to happen next. More and more costs  getting pushed onto more and more students and their working families.  Two-thirds of the class of 2018 borrowed to pay for college, and those  borrowers held an average of $30,000 in debt on graduation. Someday  soon, that may be something like a bargain.   Third, our country's already crumbling infrastructure is going to get  even worse if communities can't afford to invest in roads and highways  and other essential infrastructure projects. It is a self-defeating  prospect. If the Congress doesn't help communities tackle the projects  now, they will cost even more down the road and when the maintenance  backlog grows. Delaying these kinds of projects makes it even harder  for local economies to recover because all those workers will be out of  a job, and a lot of businesses don't want to invest in places where  there is a crumbling infrastructure.   The proposal I offer tonight with the Democratic leader will help to  save these jobs and stave off a whole lot of preventable economic  hardship. One of the key lessons the Senate ought to remember from the  great recession is that failing to support State and local budgets will  prolong suffering across this country. It will slow down the recovery,  and it will guarantee the country does not bounce back quickly in 2020.   Our proposal builds on legislation that has already passed the other  body. It incorporates State and local portions of the Heroes Act that  rescues firefighters, first responders, infrastructure jobs, and  teachers. It also includes an important proposal for the rural West-- Secure Rural Schools and Payments in Lieu of Taxes, what is call SRS  and PILT. Even before COVID-19, our rural communities started with  weaker economies, fewer public health resources, and worse access to  healthcare. They were bound to have a harder time responding to and  from the pandemic.    Secure Rural Schools, which I authored with our former colleague, is  all about bringing certainty and stability to communities and counties,  often the frontline healthcare providers in far-out places. These are  places where you have seen boom-and-bust traditional dependence on  resource extraction, and there have been cycles where it is almost  impossible, as the Presiding Officer knows, to plan for what is ahead.   Our proposal would create a permanent endowment of funds to provide a  predictable source of funding for rural economic development, roads,  and schools. Payment in lieu of taxes is all about providing that same  kind of certainty to those who live in rural areas dominated by Federal  lands. They have the same right as anybody else to reliable services:  firefighters, safe roads, highways, and schools. Ten years of permanent  mandatory payment in lieu of taxes will help those counties budget for  the future.   I am going to close with one last argument I have heard from the  other side and then yield to the distinguished Democratic leader. The  other side often says that our ideas are some sort of blue State  bailout. That is wrong, wrong, wrong.   Teachers are going to get pink slips in Texas, Kentucky, South  Carolina, and Florida, and they aren't going to believe that saving  their jobs is a blue State bailout. Of the 42 States and Territories  covered by Secure Rural Schools, less than a handful are blue States.   The virus has absolutely no interest in political parties. It might  hit Democratic States first, but it is now sweeping many parts of the  country, including States that voted for Donald Trump.   Despite being small and rural and, generally, relatively remote,  county governments that rely on Secure Rural Schools and payment in  lieu of taxes are responding to the same national public health crisis  facing larger cities and urban areas. This economic crisis is hitting  everybody.   I don't want to see hundreds of thousands of teachers laid off  anywhere--not in Oregon, not in Iowa, not in Texas, not in Kentucky.  Especially when it is safe for kids to go back to school in person, I  don't want them packed into classrooms with 40 or 50 other students. I  don't want first responders to be laid off in the middle of a pandemic.   I don't want our Nation's roads and highways to crumble into even  worse disrepair because the Congress failed to address the nationwide  budget crisis. The Senate has an obligation to act.   I am now going to yield to the distinguished Democratic leader, and  then I will offer a unanimous consent request to actually advance this  critically important cause.    Mr. President, I thank my colleagues. A number have  already given eloquent remarks, and we still have more to come. I know,  per the agreement, that it is time to propound the unanimous consent  request.   So, with the support of thousands of firefighters, first responders,  teachers, county health providers, and thousands more Americans of both  political parties with an extraordinary work ethic, I ask unanimous  consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of the  State, Local, and Tribal Fiscal Relief and Rural Stability Act, which  is at the desk. I further ask that the bill be considered read three  times and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered made  and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, to make a very brief response--and I know  my colleagues have been very patient--I just want to make sure that  everybody really put in context the remarks the Senator from Florida  made. He is basically saying that if you don't address healthcare now,  if you don't address education now, if you don't address roads now,  that somehow there aren't going to be any consequences.   There are going to be very real consequences. People are going to be  sicker, for example. We are going to spend much more down the road. We  have a weakened and smaller economy, and we will have that for an  unknown amount of time.   My colleague mentioned his concern about weakened national security.  How can a semi-permanently weakened economy not affect national  security? Of course it is going to affect national security, and it is  going to affect national security badly.   Finally, I will make one additional point, and I know my colleagues  will address this as well. My colleague from Florida talks about  deficits. I am the ranking Democrat on the Finance Committee, where we  sat through my colleagues' tax bill--a bill that he voted for, and he  strongly supported it and said it is going to pay for itself; what is  to worry about?   Nobody does deficits better than that side of the aisle. Nobody does  them better and bigger and in a more irresponsible way.   I wanted to put that in context. I look forward to the remarks of my  friend from Connecticut and Nevada.   