 Madam Speaker, I want to thank my good  friend for his very strong remarks today and his leadership, Brad  Sherman as well, and, of course,  Jim McGovern, as chairman, and I, as  the ranking member of the China Commission, for the work that we have  been doing to try to bring light to this terrible human rights tragedy,  this genocide that is being committed against the Uyghur people.   Madam Speaker, Communist Party General Secretary Xi Jinping's ongoing  genocide against the approximately 10 million Uyghurs living in  Xinjiang in northwestern China demands action.   Today, more than a million Uyghurs are in concentration camps.  Millions more are harassed, beaten, raped, and tortured.   S. 3744, which is nearly identical to legislation H.R. 649 that I and  my good friend Mr. Suozzi and 136 bipartisan cosponsors introduced 17  months ago, requires the administration to categorize and report on the  human rights abuses being committed by the Chinese Government and take  specific steps to sanction China's officials for these abuses,  including visa denial and asset blocking, the essence of the Magnitsky  Act, which is the prohibition of all financial transactions by an  abuser.   Madam Speaker, at a 2018 congressional hearing, Mihrigul Tursun  recounted her ordeal with torture, sexual abuse, and detention in one  of Xi Jinping's concentration camps. She broke down weeping, telling us  that she pleaded with God to end her life. Her Chinese jailers  restrained her to a table, increased the electrical current coursing  through her body, and mocked her belief in God.   She was tortured simply because she was an ethnic Uyghur and a Muslim  living in China.   Madam Speaker, there are millions of stories like this waiting to be  told about the crimes against humanity being committed by the Chinese  Government against Uyghurs, Kazakhs, and other Turkic Muslims.   There are many people--we all know them; I have had them at my  hearings in the past--women and men who have had their entire families  back in this region, Xinjiang, arrested and put into concentration  camps and harassed in other ways.   Chinese authorities initially denied the existence of the  concentration camps and even tried to portray them as vocational  training centers. What a euphemism. They employed lies, censorship, and  economic coercion to stifle discussion of their crimes.   Where have we heard that before? Look at what is going on with COVID- 19 and the deceit and the lies that have come from Xi Jinping himself.   But documents obtained by The New York Times and the International  Consortium of Investigative Journalists have, indeed, exposed the  brutality behind Beijing's plans to radically and coercively transform  the culture and religion of ethnic Uyghurs, Kazakhs, and other Muslims.   The leaked documents showed detailed plans to intern between 1 and 3  million Uyghurs into concentration camps, where they are subjected to  severe human rights abuse and Orwellian indoctrination efforts for  those whose thinking ``has been infected''--that is to say, they are  Muslims. To Xi Jinping, that is something that needs to be obliterated.   At the same time, Beijing instituted plans to erase the influence of  Islam in western China, bulldozing mosques and shrines, severely  throttling all religious practice, and forcing camp detainees to  renounce their faith.   The leaked documents also show that Xi Jinping, himself, the so- called President--not elected by the people, of course--Xi Jinping,  himself, directed the crackdown, saying that the Communist Party must  put the ``organs of dictatorship'' to work and show ``absolutely no  mercy'' in dealing with the Uyghurs and other Muslims.   In one speech, President Xi said: ``The weapons of the people's  democratic dictatorship must be wielded without any hesitation or  wavering.''   Continuing the quote, in February 2017, he told thousands of police  officers and troops standing at attention in a vast square in Urumqi to  prepare for a ``smashing, obliterating offensive,'' which is exactly  what they have done.   According to documents obtained again by The New York Times,  Communist Party officials who were reluctant to carry out Xi Jinping's  draconian and horrific policies were themselves investigated and  expunged. ``Secret teams of investigators have traveled across the  region identifying those who were not doing enough. In 2017, the party  opened more than 12,000 investigations into party members in  Xinjiang.''   Madam Speaker, we cannot be silent.   Xi Jinping is smashing and obliterating an entire people. He is  presiding over a genocide.   