 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Montana for  yielding.   A decade ago, Congress passed a law directing the executive branch to  inform them within 2 years of how many Federal programs existed within  the Federal Government. We are still waiting for that answer today.   Since 2010, I think we can all agree that the size of the Federal  Government has grown exponentially and has overreached in places it  should not. This unchecked scope of power and inefficient bureaucracy  affects every aspect of our lives and is a threat to our well-being and  to the foundation of our Republic.   The Government Efficiency, Accountability, and Reform Task Force, or  GEAR, of the Republican Study Committee has worked over the last year  on ways to rein in wasteful and unnecessary government overreach and  spending, make the Federal Government more transparent and accountable,  and get back to the basics of the legislative branch, to be a  government that works for the American people.   Today, I would like to speak to the reform aspect of the task force.  In order to promote and advance efficiency within the Federal  Government, government practices must be reformed.   All Americans want a government that is efficient and that delivers  results. One of the ways that we can reform the Federal Government is  to address our cybersecurity shortcomings.   Every day, hackers, criminals, terrorists, and foreign countries seek  to exploit our cybersecurity systems. Earlier this year, a group of  Iranian-affiliated hackers infiltrated a U.S. Government website, wrote  pro-Iranian messages, and wrote a message about Iranian cyber  capabilities.   The threat landscape is constantly changing, and the cybersecurity  needs are evolving along with it. The government must continue to  reform and update its cyber practices to best defend against  adversaries.   The GAO has made over 3,000 recommendations since 2010 regarding the  U.S. Government's cybersecurity policies. As of GAO's last full survey  of these concerns in 2017, only 448 recommendations have been  implemented. This is unacceptable, and it puts our Nation at  unnecessary risk.   I am pleased that the Trump administration has made cybersecurity a  priority, recognizing that protecting cyberspace is key to our national  security and economic ability. Congress should utilize its oversight  authority to support cybersecurity initiatives, including requiring  that the outstanding GAO recommendations be implemented.   While I touched briefly on one of the many important ways the Federal  Government can work toward reform, there are many crucial steps that  Congress can take to ensure it is continuing to work for the people and  not the other way around.  [[Page H1042]]    The work of the GEAR Task Force is important, and I hope that every  Member will take some time to read through the report. We all made a  promise to our constituents to come to Washington to work for them and  prioritize their needs.   This report is not meant to be Republican or Democratic. This report  is something that all Members of Congress, regardless of party, should  be able to get behind. It is a blueprint for good government, the kind  of governing that was intended by our Founding Fathers.   Let's work together to make Congress and the Federal Government, as a  whole, work for the people. We can start by enacting necessary reforms  to make the government more efficient and accountable.   