 Mr. President, in a few minutes, the Senate is going to  vote on the nomination of   John Ratcliffe to be Director of National  Intelligence. I have come to the floor to discuss this important  nomination.   Senators often come to this floor to talk about the importance of  speaking truth to power.   John Ratcliffe, in his statement before the  Intelligence Committee and in his written responses, revealed he would  not speak truth to power; he would surrender to it. He demonstrated  that he is so eager to serve power, he will twist the truth, and he  showed this again and again.   For example, in the name of helping power, we saw him dance around  direct questions about whether he would respect or even understood the  law.   John Ratcliffe made a number of extremely disturbing statements  that make it clear that he has and will misrepresent and politicize  intelligence without a moment's hesitation.   I asked the Congressman at his hearing about a law that requires a  public, unclassified report on who was responsible for the murder of  the Washington Post journalist and U.S. resident, Jamal Khashoggi. This  was a law passed by the Congress and signed by the President of the  United States. This law required the Director of National Intelligence  to produce that unclassified report on who killed Jamal Khashoggi and  what the circumstances were in February. That has never happened.   At his nomination hearing, I simply asked the Congressman whether the  government was bound by the law. In his response, the Congressman  called the law a request for unclassified information. That is how he  referred to this law. Then the Congressman promised to take a look at  it. In his own words,   John Ratcliffe wouldn't commit to following  that important law without knowing the circumstances of who killed  Jamal Khashoggi. I believe it is open season on journalists.   How   John Ratcliffe danced around that question of whether he would  comply with the law is a disqualification by itself to be the head of  national intelligence.   This was a pattern throughout the hearing.   John Ratcliffe had his  talking points down, but the moment he was asked anything specific, he  danced away. I am just going to take a few minutes to give some  examples. Obviously, it is critically important to know a nominee's  views for this position on the question of spying on Americans.   I asked   John Ratcliffe three times in prehearing questions, at the  hearing, and again after the hearing, whether the statute that  prohibits warrantless wiretapping on Americans was binding. Each time,    John Ratcliffe left himself lots of wiggle room to suggest that  whatever this law said, the President might have ways to go around it.  He also said he would work with the Attorney General, who we know has  explicitly said that he doesn't believe the foreign intelligence  surveillance law is binding on the President.   This is really where   John Ratcliffe could be dangerous. With Donald  Trump as President and William Barr as Attorney General, the leadership  of the intelligence community is one of democracy's last lines of  defense. That is why the American people need a Director of National  Intelligence who understands how the law protects their rights and  won't start conducting warrantless wiretapping on Americans just  because the Attorney General wrongly claims that it is legal.   Nothing that   John Ratcliffe has said during his confirmation  process or throughout his career provides a glimmer of hope that he is  a person who would speak truth to power and stand up for the rights of  Americans.   There are plenty more reasons to oppose this nomination, but in the  interest of time, I am going to focus on just one more, and that is    John Ratcliffe's blatant misrepresentation and politicizing of  intelligence. This was obvious in how he talked about the intelligence  community's assessment that the Russians interfered in the 2016  election to help Donald Trump. This is a view undisputed within the  intelligence community. The Senate Intelligence Committee looked at it  up and down, and it was the unanimous judgment of the Intelligence  Committee that it was true.   Yet for   John Ratcliffe, the intelligence really doesn't matter. All  that matters is that he makes Donald Trump happy. If Donald Trump  doesn't want to acknowledge that the Russians helped him, then those  are   John Ratcliffe's marching orders.   It is the exact opposite of speaking truth to power and that is why,  at the beginning of my remarks, I described his views with respect to  power as not speaking truth but totally surrendering to power.   He is also perfectly happy to misrepresent the intelligence even when  it is public and we can read it with our own eyes. Three times during  his hearing, he said that the Russians did not succeed in changing the  outcome of the 2016 election. This position of   John  [[Page S2572]]  Ratcliffe directly contradicts what the Intelligence community had  written in plain English. It said: ``We did not make an assessment of  the impact that Russian activities had on the outcome of the 2016  election.'' So I asked   John Ratcliffe where he got his information.  He referred back to the Intelligence community's assessment and the  committee's report, neither of which supported   John Ratcliffe's  statements.   You have to ask yourself, Why would   John Ratcliffe say something  that is obviously not true? That is because Donald Trump wants us to  believe that he didn't benefit from Russian interference, and that,  first and foremost, is what matters to   John Ratcliffe. If   John  Ratcliffe is willing to misrepresent intelligence assessments that are  already public that anybody can read for themselves, my take is there  is no telling how he would misrepresent intelligence that is still  classified.   There is every reason to believe his public statements would be  designed for one purpose and one purpose only, and that is to make sure  that Donald Trump is pleased. Neither the Congress nor the American  people have any reason to trust that   John Ratcliffe's testimony or  his other public statements are accurate.   My view is this kind of approach taken by the Director of National  Intelligence is a real threat to democracy. When the Director of  National Intelligence demonstrates that he is willing to bury the  actual intelligence and say whatever makes Donald Trump happy at any  particular moment, the American people are going to lose confidence and  lose confidence quickly.   It is not just about foreign interference in our democracy. That is  plenty serious as it is. It is about other threats from countries like  Iran, North Korea, and China. It is about weapons of mass destruction  and terrorism. It is about whether the government is secretly spying on  Americans without a warrant or committing torture. Ultimately, it is  about the issue of war and peace and whether Americans will be asked to  die for our country.   The American people look to intelligence leaders for the facts--the  facts, the unvarnished truth on these and other issues, which is why it  is so important this position must have a foundation of credibility.   Time and again,   John Ratcliffe has demonstrated that he does not  clear that lowest bar; that bar that means you have to have credibility  in this position, and I urge my colleagues, when we vote in a few  minutes, to reject   John Ratcliffe's nomination to be Director of  National Intelligence.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, on Monday, our country will celebrate  Memorial Day. It is a very special day--one that we, as Americans, set  aside each year to honor those members of the military who have given  their lives in sacrifice to their country.   Right now, this is typically the time when I am getting ready to  travel home and go to Southern Oregon--to Eagle Point and to Central  Point, wonderful communities to spend Memorial Day with hundreds of  veterans and members of their families. These are events that take  place each year and are inspiring and affirming and basically a time  when Oregonians, from very young to often approaching almost 100 years  old, assemble and are part of a centuries-long lineage of patriots who  have been willing to serve and sacrifice for our great Nation.   There are other communities that come together to remember lost  friends and loved ones, but at home in Oregon, we have always said:  Eagle Point and Central Point are the gold standard in terms of  services and programs to recognize our veterans, and members of their  family, who have made the ultimate sacrifice for our Nation.   I think we all know that this Memorial Day is going to be different.  There will not be the same big gatherings, and there will not be as  many parades. But one of the reasons I want to come to the floor of the  Senate today--and I will be home this weekend thinking about Eagle  Point and Central Point--is I want to make sure our country never ever  diminishes the significance of this day.   Never should our country take away our determination to honor those  who pay the ultimate price in service to America, and it shouldn't  cause us to forget that Memorial Day can be hard--very, very hard on  the parents and spouses and children and friends our fallen heroes left  behind. I know when I am recognized to speak in Central Point and in  Eagle Point, I look out in the crowd, and I always see family members  with a Kleenex by their eye, trying to remember and at the same time  deal with the inevitable grief. This Memorial Day, I am going to be  thinking of all of those who have come year after year to Central Point  and Eagle Point in Southern Oregon to do something very, very  important: to speak up for Oregon on the importance and appreciation we  have for those who made the ultimate sacrifice.   My view is, this year, on Memorial Day, it is more important than  ever to reach out and connect with those folks who are remembering  loved ones they have lost in the line of duty--to give them a call, ask  how they are holding up--because the last few months, in particular,  have been tough on everybody, and their sacrifice shouldn't be  forgotten.   I know when I am home in Southeast Portland this weekend, I am going  to be thinking about whom I am going to be talking to, checking in  with, and see how they are doing just for the reason I mentioned. These  have been tough times for everyone, and I think this is going to be a  very difficult Memorial Day for those Americans who are remembering  loved ones they have lost in the line of duty.   It is also more important than ever to remember for ourselves that as  Americans, we owe so much to so many. The parades and the services may  have to wait until Memorial Day 2021, but our deep respect and  gratitude for sacrifice does not.   Just on a very personal note, apropos of the respect and gratitude  for sacrifice, I think about my late father and my mother, both of whom  fled the Nazis. Not all of our family got out. My great Uncle Max was  one of the last who was gassed in Auschwitz. My father basically talked  his way into our Army because he was a fluent young man in German, and  he convinced our military that he could be part of our propaganda unit  to drop the pamphlets on the Nazis, making it clear that they could  never defeat our great troops.   My mother, on the other hand, was a WAC, and I look often at the  picture that is on my wall of my mother in her WAC uniform. For them,  during their lives, Memorial Day was a really special day because they  were so thrilled to be able to come to the freest and most open Nation  on Earth and to be able to serve in our military. They, in  [[Page S2577]]  particular, would say, if they were here today: Ron, this is a special  day for showing our deep respect and gratitude for those who made the  ultimate sacrifice, and we are never going to miss a Memorial Day  without expressing that sentiment.   I am going to be, this weekend, thinking about how much I want to be  back in Eagle Point and Central Point to celebrate Memorial Day, and I  am going to be thinking about how now we have to find a way to honor  and remember our fallen servicemembers a little bit differently than  before.   I would close--and perhaps I am the last speaker today in the Senate.  I think I can speak for every Member of the Senate that this is  especially important now to keep in our hearts all of those who have  died serving our country, and let's do right by their families who are  still with us.   I close my remarks by wishing all Oregonians and Americans from sea  to shining sea a healthy Memorial Day.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   