 Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in  opposing H.R. 1425.   While we can all agree that Americans pay too much for healthcare and  that the rising costs of prescription drugs need to be addressed, this  bill is not the answer.   The COVID-19 pandemic has affected each of our communities in  different ways. We need to remain focused on helping our constituents  reopen their businesses, get back to work, and remain protected from  the virus. This bill does none of these things.    Once again, we are wasting the American people's time debating  something that will harm the healthcare system, move us toward  socialized medicine, and provide fewer cures.   This is especially troubling as it is at odds with the Trump  administration's steadfast goal of finding treatments and a vaccine for  COVID-19, as well as protecting Americans from future pandemics.   Just like H.R. 3, this bill irresponsibly coerces drug manufacturers  into negotiating drug prices with the government, slapping a 65 percent  tax on revenue if they don't come to terms, which increases to as much  as 95 percent.   In any negotiations that I have been part of, that is not how it  works.   In fact, according to the analysis done by the Congressional Research  Service, letting the government set drug prices would violate both the  Fifth Amendment's Takings Clause and the Eighth Amendment's Excessive  Fines Clause.   Before the pandemic, I traveled across Pennsylvania's 12th  Congressional District and met with patients and medical professionals,  who have told me that the best way to address rising prescription drug  costs include patent reform to get generics to market quickly, price  transparency so consumers know the actual cost of the medication they  are purchasing, and incentivizing innovation to help find new cures.   Rather than working toward fixing the disaster that has been brought  about on the healthcare industry by ObamaCare, this bill expands its  flawed structure and attempts to force non-Medicaid expansion States  into complying with the radical fantasy that resembles socialized  medicine.   There has been bipartisan work on healthcare reform, like H.R. 19,  which Republicans put forward last year. If the majority were more  interested in finding real results, they might have engaged with us in  real discussions to find common ground. We are interested in lower  prices, more cures, and a healthier healthcare marketplace.   Unfortunately, this legislation continues us down the wrong road. For  these reasons, Madam Speaker, I oppose H.R. 1425 and urge all others to  do so.   