 Mr. Speaker, I thank all my colleagues who came down  tonight to share these words. I want to assure the American people--it  feels like a eulogy--I am actually still alive but deeply indebted for  their generosity, their kindness, and their words tonight. It means a  lot.   I have told people I am not one of the grumpy, cranky Members  leaving. This is a great institution with really good people who do  good work here. We may not always agree, as my friend from Oregon or my  friend from California said, but it doesn't mean we have to be  disagreeable. We come here to solve problems. We approach them from  different angles representing different Americans, but we come here to  find solutions.   I have been so blessed to work with people like Mrs. Brooks, Mr.  Blumenauer, and my friend from Michigan, Mr. Upton, and the others who  were down here. It is a team effort, and we live in a really, really  great country. I have been so blessed to be a part of this institution  for the last 22 years.   Mr. Speaker, I had hair when I came here. Honest. I can show you  photos. So it will take a lot out of you. But when I do return home, I  will complete my 644th round trip between the Nation's Capitol and  home. I did that because I really wanted to stay in touch, and my  family is here, and yet it proves the point. On almost every flight, my  friend from the Portland area, Mr. Blumenauer, has been right there  with me, and our colleague, Mr. DeFazio, almost every trip. And it is  what we do as Members here. We go home, we listen to our constituents,  we come back, we try and find solutions, whether it is on opioids or  internet connectivity, or all the things that have been referenced  tonight.   My success is attributed to the people I have been able to work with,  my colleagues. And as Mr. Upton said, our terrific, brilliant staff in  this institution, who work literally day and night. And I know because  I get texts from them at midnight when they are reading through a bill  or working on an agreement and negotiating at the staff-to-staff level.  America is well-served by this institution, and I wish more Americans  saw the kind of camaraderie that we have here, the comity we have here,  and the accomplishment that we do here.   Mr. Speaker, this place still works, and I just wish well the  incoming class of new Members who bring new energy and new ideas to  this process. I know they, too, come here to represent their people  back home.   Mr. Speaker, to my friends, thank you. This was most generous, over  the top, and a big surprise. I thought I was just headed off as a  homeless Member of Congress with no office to find something to eat,  but instead, Mrs. McMorris Rodgers said I needed to come with her over  here.    Thank you to my friends. Mr. Upton, my dear friend--he and Amey and  my wife and I are very close--thank you for your kindness and your  words. I will have a more formal farewell speech I will give later this  week on the House floor, so I will reserve any further comments to that  time.   Mr. Speaker, I just would, again, thank my friend from Michigan, Mr.  Upton.   