 Madam President, we are talking about the National Defense  Authorization Act. We are talking about preventing and dealing with  threats to our country. I want to describe a hypothetical threat--a  threat that throws millions of people out of work almost overnight. It  causes the stock market to collapse. It cripples the airline industry.  It has people afraid to leave their homes and States scrambling for  materials to prepare and cope with the attack. The attack comes in  waves. Just as it seems to be receding, it comes back. It is difficult  to know the sources of the attack. The country is divided. There are  conspiracy theories and polarization and politicization of this awful  situation.   I am not describing the pandemic. That is what we have experienced. I  am describing a potential, catastrophic cyber attack on this country.  Everything that I listed would be part of what would happen in the case  of such an attack, plus our networks would likely be down--no more  working from home, no Zoom, no meetings. The effect on the economy  would be twice, at least, the effect of the coronavirus.   The electric grid could likely be compromised. The electric grid-- people think about the lights, but in the South, electricity is  necessary for air-conditioning. In the North, electricity is necessary  for firing oil and gas-fired furnaces. We are talking about no air- conditioning and no heat. It could be in the dead of winter.   We are talking about airports closed.   We are talking about the financial system potentially in tatters.  Peoples' lives and livelihoods--their life savings could dissipate at  the stroke of a key.   We are talking about thousands of water systems across the country  that could be compromised by a cyber attack, making people afraid to  drink the tap water in their homes.   We would have uncertainty, economic catastrophe, and an enormous  challenge to this country   By the way, what I just talked about is not entirely hypothetical; it  is happening now. Our financial system is under attack. I talked to a  utility executive recently whose system is being cyber attacked 3  million times a day--today. I have talked to small banks in Maine that  are being attacked thousands of times a day. We have had ransomware  attacks on our towns and cities across the country. They have hacked  our OPM--the Office of Personnel Management--and gotten the personal  data of millions of American citizens. And, of course, we know about  the attacks on our election infrastructure and the dangers of those  attacks continuing and escalating.   The financial system is at risk. The energy grid is at risk. The  transportation sector is at risk. This is a very serious and immediate  challenge.   One of the important lessons from the pandemic--I think one of the  overall lessons from the pandemic is that  [[Page S3991]]  the unthinkable can happen. If you had told any of us a year ago that  we wouldn't be leaving our homes, that we would be wearing masks when  we went out, and that our restaurants and social gatherings would be  closed, nobody would believe that. Well, it has happened. And a  catastrophic cyber attack can happen.   That is why, in the National Defense Act last year, the Congress  passed and the President signed the creation of something called the  Cyberspace Solarium Commission--a 16-member Commission; 4 Members of  Congress; totally bipartisan; 4 members from the executive and 6  members from the private sector--to take an in-depth look at this  threat and to try to come up with a national strategy and set of plans  to cope with it now before it happens. That was the mission of our  Commission.   We met over 30 times. We had hundreds of hours of consideration. We  had hundreds of witnesses and submissions of information from around  the country, thousands of pages of documents, and came up with a  report. Ironically, our report was released on March 11. It was  probably the last significant large meeting in these buildings before  the shutdown occasioned by the pandemic. We had dozens of  recommendations. I am proud to say that 11 of our most important  recommendations are in the Defense bill that is going to be considered  this week. They have been included in the bill that has been reported  out by the committee on a totally bipartisan basis. That is an  important first step in implementing this project.   The main point I want to make, though, is how urgent this is. Just as  the pandemic was unthinkable, nobody can conceive of an attack that  would bring down the electric system or the financial system or the  transportation system or the internet, but it can happen. The  technology is there.   We all think in terms of World War II and conventional forces. I  believe the next Pearl Harbor will be cyber. That is going to be the  attack that attempts to bring this country to its knees. As we have  learned in the pandemic, we have vulnerability, and we have to prepare  for it.   We have amendments in the Defense bill that relate to the Department  of Defense. That is good, but one of the issues with this subject  matter is that it is spread across the government, both in the  executive sector and here. We have 18 or 20 amendments that are pending  that we hope we are going to be able to improve and get into this bill  with the clearance of other committees, but getting 20 amendments  cleared--because of the multiplicity of jurisdictions that cover cyber,  we had to get 180 clearances from committees across the Congress, in  both Houses. That indicates how fractured this policy process is.   The same thing is true in the executive branch. The authority for  cyber is in Homeland Security; it is in the CIA; it is in the FBI; it  is in the NSA. It is scattered throughout the government. It is  something that we proposed that we try to make sense of this process  and provide both in the executive branch and in the Congress central  points that can have authority and responsibility over this area.   There is a great deal of work left to be done. We had some 80  recommendations. We hope that as many as 15 or more will be in the  Defense bill. But there are others that will require other committees,  and we look forward to working with them.   Two of our recommendations in terms of making sense of the  organization relates to this body, and one relates to the executive.  This body--we are recommending that we create a Select Committee on  Cyber in the Senate and one in the House--exactly what was done in the  1970s when it was realized that intelligence was too important to be  scattered throughout the jurisdiction of all committees. That is when  the Select Committee on Intelligence was created. We are recommending  the same change here.   In the executive, we are recommending a Senate-approved national  cyber director in the Executive Office of the President--analogous to  the Trade Representative--who is Senate-approved, appointed by the  President, and serves at the pleasure of the President. The idea is to  give the President a central point of contact to deal with the  multiplicity of authorities that are involved in this issue throughout  the executive branch of the Federal Government.   One of my principles of business when I was doing contracts and  working in business was that I want one throat to choke. I want one  place where I can go to hold someone accountable and to hold them  accountable not only for reacting but for planning. That is what we are  proposing to be brought forth, and we hope we are going to be able to  earn the support of the administration.   The Commission, as I mentioned, had four Members of Congress, four  members from the executive branch, who made significant contributions,  and six members from the private sector. We had unanimous  recommendations after an enormous amount of work and serious thought by  very serious people from across this country.   There is plenty of work left to be done. I want to thank the  committee chairs and the leads and the staff and all of those who have  worked with us to get these recommendations this far. But I also want  to leave the Senate and the Congress and the American people with the  knowledge that we are not there yet, that we are vulnerable, and that  this is something we have to attend to. This is not something that may  happen; this is something that is happening now, and it may happen--it  will likely happen to a more serious degree in the future.   The pandemic has taught us some important lessons about planning and  preparing and providing. That is what we are talking about here. We  have to plan for the unthinkable. We have to prepare continuity of the  economy, continuity of government. We have to prepare in terms of what  our deterrent policy is because the best cyber attack is the one that  doesn't occur. We also have to provide the structures and the resources  to be sure we are ready to meet and defeat this next challenge.   I consider this one of the most serious threats facing this country.  It is easy in the midst of a pandemic and all of the other issues that  are swirling around an election year and everything else, but it is so  clear that this is an overwhelming risk to the future of this country  and that we have to take it seriously, we have to respond, we have to  be ready, we have to deter, and we have to prepare.   I deeply hope we will continue the momentum that has begun in this  bill and be able to take the next step and the other recommendations  and other good ones that may come forward in this process so that we  will be prepared and we will be able to respond and prevail   I yield the floor.   