 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 1  minute in morning business.    Madam President, if reports are true that Russia has  been paying a bounty to the Taliban to kill American soldiers, this is  a very serious escalation of what Russia expert Edward Lucas dubbed  ``The New Cold War.'' Mr. Lucas said that back in 2008.   This sort of movement by Russia, if it is proven--and there are a lot  who believe with Russia it is possible--it demands a strong response.  And I don't mean a diplomatic response.   We have had previous things like this happen with Russia. President  Bush tried playing nice with Russia, then talking tough when Putin  showed his true nature.   President Obama repeated this cycle--you know the word--``resetting''  relations, despite Russia having just occupied parts of our ally  Georgia, and then switching gears when Russia invaded Ukraine.   Putin is a KGB guy who understands only strength. His popularity has  taken a hit lately. It makes him very unpredictable. That may be why he  is doing these things, even though Russia has a reputation for doing  them all the time.   So we need to increase deterrence on NATO's eastern flank. We should  also hit back where it hurts.   Dictators like Putin fear their own people--and, of course, for good  reason. Putin and his cronies have enriched themselves at the expense  of ordinary Russians.   This week Russia is having a referendum on waiving term limits,  allowing Putin to stay in power when his term is up. Of course, Russia  will probably be conducting a rigged election.   We should point out to the Russian people that they don't have to  accept that.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, today the United States, Mexico, and  Canada launched a new chapter in our historic partnership with entry  into force of the U.S.-Mexico-Canada agreement--USMCA for short.   Thanks to the decisive leadership of President Trump, the USMCA will  open the door for robust economic growth.   At the same time, regarding his decisive leadership as President,  this isn't an issue just now. This is something the President said in  2016; that the NAFTA was the worst trade agreement that we have had,  and he was going to get rid of it or revise it. Most Presidents run on  a platform. They may not serve on that platform. This President is  serving on that platform, and today the USMCA going into force for the  first time is absolute proof of this President keeping his promises and  getting the job done.   He also needs to compliment and thank Ambassador Lighthizer, the  negotiator on this whole agreement.   The USMCA brings to bear, then, a trilateral trade agreement that  will lift prosperity across North America. The USMCA paves the way for  freer markets and fairer trade. It replaces NAFTA and puts America in a  better position to expand market access for U.S. workers, farmers, and  businesses.   Specifically, the USMCA modernizes rules of origin for autos,  sanitary and phytosanitary standards, intellectual property rules,  digital trade, financial services, customs, labor, environment, and  more.   Some of these issues I just mentioned weren't even around 30 years  ago when NAFTA was negotiated. Modernizing NAFTA into the 21st century  was the right thing to do.   As we enter into this agreement, the world is navigating uncertain  times, as we know. The unprecedented public health crisis has turned  the economy upside down. Now, more than ever, our farmers, businesses,  and workers need and deserve certainty that they can count on us to  turn things around and accelerate economic recovery.   As chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, with jurisdiction over  trade, I will be keeping a close eye on the implementation of this  historic trade agreement. I want to ensure that any kinks that come up  are ironed out with appropriate flexibility, taking into consideration  unforeseen circumstances from the pandemic, such as automakers and  others who were shut down or repurposed operations to produce medical  equipment, and that is just one example. I also will keep watch to hold  accountable all stakeholders and ensure full compliance with the trade  agreement.    Now more than ever, North America must work together to harvest the  fruits of the USMCA. That is how we can foster investment, innovation,  and job creation for the 478 million people who live in these 3  countries.   The U.S. International Trade Commission estimated that the USMCA  within 5 years would raise U.S. GDP by $68 billion, forecasting 176,000  new jobs in the United States. That is music to the ears for everyone  in America who has been hard hit by the pandemic's economic fallout.   Farmers in my State have enjoyed one of the best planting seasons in  decades. However, our livestock, poultry, and biofuels producers have  faced catastrophic disruption to their operations since the virus swept  across the country. Iowa is the Nation's No. 1 producer of pork, eggs,  and corn. Our economy depends on exports to grow and for our economy to  flourish.   American farmers depend on exports to pay their bills and earn a  living. Farmers simply want to grow and produce for the marketplace,  not for government bailouts.   Today's inauguration of the USMCA offers a bright ray of hope for  North America to plow forward and to plant the seeds for a robust  economic recovery.   With every trade issue that comes, it is always important to remember  what President Kennedy said in his Presidency about trade legislation  and the benefits of it--that if it benefits one country, it benefits  the others. He said that ``a rising tide lifts all boats.''   I am confident the USMCA will steer America's workers, farmers, and  businesses to better days ahead.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.  [[Page S4115]]     Mr. President, Congress has taken action in response to  the coronavirus pandemic and its significant effects on workers,  families, and the economy. It is because the State, Federal, and local  governments shut down the U.S. economy for the first time in the 240- year history of our country.   We enacted four laws in March and April, which CBO says has increased  the deficit by at least $2.4 trillion, but that doesn't measure the  entirety of the relief. If you add in support from programs initiated  by the Fed and the Treasury, you would add trillions more of relief.   One of the recent pieces of legislation, the CARES Act, devoted $150  billion of direct Federal relief to governments of the States,  localities, territories, the District of Columbia, and Tribes. That is  around 16 percent of the total fiscal year 2020 State general fund  expenditures enacted prior to the public emergency.   In addition to the $150 billion, CBO has identified hundreds of  billions more from the various relief programs that are directed to  State and local governments. From the $340 billion of emergency funding  in the CARES Act alone, the Senate appropriators have told me that more  than 80 percent, or roughly $275 billion, goes to States and  localities.   So, you can see, the CARES Act alone provided $150 billion of direct  aid to State and local governments, and the emergency funding added  $275 billion. That means that $425 billion in the CARES Act is directed  to governments of the States, localities, territories, Tribes, and the  District of Columbia. That happens to be 47 percent of the total State  general revenue expenditures enacted prior to the public emergency for  fiscal year 2020 and about the same percentage of enacted total State  revenue.   On top of that, the Fed has allowed use of municipal securities as  collateral for bank lending to help ease borrowing costs for local and  State governments. Treasury and the Fed also established a Municipal  Liquidity Facility. The purpose of it is to ``help state and local  governments better manage cash flow pressures.''   The Fed will buy up to $500 billion of debt from State, counties, and  cities. As others have noted here on this very floor, a significant  amount of the funding directed to States and localities and the like  are still in the pipeline and remain unspent or even unallocated. Some  States, as I understand it, have not even allocated any money  downstream to their own local governments from the $150 billion of  direct aid provided under the CARES Act.   Despite all that, we have heard a number of calls for massive amounts  of additional spending. The reason, according to most people asking for  more, is that the direct aid for States and localities in the CARES Act  is too restrictive and cannot be used to replace lost revenue. I am  sympathetic to the idea of giving States and localities more  flexibility in how to use $150 billion of direct relief provided in the  CARES Act if it is not needed for the virus health issues. Beyond that,  I want you to know I am more skeptical, until we get more solid numbers  on unrealized State and local revenue and the impact of the CARES  dollars not yet allowed.   I recently heard the minority leader here on the floor attempting to  scold us Republicans for not doing exactly what he wants, exactly when  he wants it, and saying we need to immediately spend more, including  more direct aid to States. Of course, in his partisan political  analysis, Republicans are blamed for not wanting massive amounts of  additional aid for State and local governments because what he believes  is ideological opposition to government in general.   Now, that is quite a stretch, even for the minority leader.  Republicans supported four pieces of legislation in recent months  providing hundreds of billions of dollars in relief to State and local  governments in various ways.   I heard the Governor of California instruct Congress on moral and  ethical grounds, saying that it is our duty to give more funding to  States and localities or else first responders will be the first ones  laid off by cities and counties. It is almost like the first argument  when we were just about ready to shut down the Federal Government, if  we don't finance everything, first thing we are going to do is shut  down the Washington Monument.   While that may have been a subtle threat from the Governor of  California to use as leverage to pressure Congress to provide more  funds to California, it is unfortunate that State and local governments  laid off so many of their workers in recent months. That doesn't seem  to be much dedication by government to its workforce.   I heard from associations of Governors, associations of counties,  cities, and other municipal governments that they need between a half a  trillion and a trillion more in direct aid from the Federal  Government. Usually, they cite a need to ``replace lost revenue.''    Many have asked for funds to cover lost revenue as far out as two  additional fiscal years beyond fiscal year 2020. Most of those requests  are based on forecasts of what the pandemic and the economy will look  like for the rest of the year and even in coming years.   I think you have to take those forecasts with a grain of salt. Just  look at what the last employment report looked like relative to the  forecasts, and you can tell how cloudy people's crystal balls are right  now.   I heard from some here on the floor that Moody's thinks States and  localities may need hundreds of billions more in direct relief. People  haven't been very careful, though, in reading the Moody's reports that  are the basis of their arguments.   Moody's Analytics, which makes very clear in the report that it is  not an arm of Moody's that rates bonds--though, I am not sure everyone  is clear on that--Moody's Analytics said in April that under their most  severely adverse assumptions about the future, State and local  governments would have a budget shortfall of around $172 billion over  the next 15 months and more than $450 billion if you extend out to  cover the years 2022.   Again, this is all based on shaky forecasts, and it is not at all  clear that the ratings on municipal bonds done by the Moody's ratings  agency align with the forecasts of Moody's Analytics.   More recently, Moody's Analytics' chief economist, Mark Zandi, who is  a regular proponent of Keynesian stimulus for the Democratic Party,  upped the estimate of the needs to about $500 billion. That number  remarkably matches what we heard from the National Governors  Association about 6 weeks ago. Dr. Zandi promises so-called bang-for- the-buck magic to save States and localities, but the government will  have to pony up perhaps a half a trillion more just to start that  magic. So I am skeptical, to put it mildly.   If you remember, it was that kind of reasoning that led to the Obama  stimulus promising vague and relatively quick unemployment deductions  following the financial crisis but failed to come even close to these  promised results.   Finally, regarding funding requests, there is the Heroes Act over at  the House. State and local aid in that act provides nearly $1 trillion  to States and localities inside a liberal wish list in their bill.   That, along with what we have already done, would put State and local  relief at more than 75 percent of all combined State and local tax  collections for a year, depending how you measure things. That is more  of a Federal bailout than the partnership that we are asked to finance.   I have heard a lot of calls for massive amounts of additional direct  aid to our States, funded by Federal debt. Yet there still is a lot of  money in the pipeline that hasn't even been used yet. And future needs  of States and localities are highly uncertain--too uncertain, in my  view--to commit the Federal Government today to half a trillion dollars  or $1 trillion more to States and localities, on top of the $425  billion or more of funding already in play and up to $500 billion of  credit support.   I am highly skeptical of schemes to index future aid to measures of  the incidence of COVID-19 cases, since we already have had  controversies surrounding those measures, and some of them are  political controversies.   Of course, I do understand budget rules that States and localities  operate  [[Page S4116]]  under. They do provide constraints. I also believe that proponents of  massive amounts of additional Federal aid to States and localities  overstate the severity of those constraints. I think State budgets are  more flexible and fungible, for example, than some would have us  believe.   We have seen that flexibility recently in legislators' consideration  of altering police funding or using taxpayers' funds to erect barriers  in occupied zones of lawlessness as just one example of that  flexibility.   There are also many issues about incentives associated with massive  new amounts of direct Federal funding of State and local governments.  Sending massive amounts of additional Federal funds to States that were  responsible in good times and built up rainy day funds means that they  are treated the same as States that didn't build much, if any, in rainy  day funds, as I said, Illinois and New Jersey, for examples. Those  States that acted irresponsibly then get rewarded.   Since funds in State and local governments are fungible, sending  massive amounts of additional Federal dollars to States and localities  means that hard-earned Federal tax dollars coming from Iowa, as an  example, can end up helping financially unsustainable pension promises  of fiscally irresponsible States, and it means that Federal tax  revenues get channeled to States run by politicians who will not even  enforce existing Federal laws and who use taxpayer resources on lawless  occupied zones or sanctuary cities to provide benefits to undocumented  residents. There are many of my constituents in Iowa who do not support  those uses of Federal funds.    So, as I wind down here, I am highly skeptical of sending massive  amounts of additional funds to States and localities, since future  needs are so highly uncertain and there is still unspent money in the  pipelines.   I am, however, sympathetic to providing additional flexibility for  funds we have already provided in the CARES Act so that State and local  communities can make broader uses of those funds. And I believe that if  the pandemic and the economy worsens, under those circumstances, future  needs can be addressed when needed.   I understand that there are a range of views regarding additional  funds for States and localities. At this point, I believe it may be  useful to entertain more flexibility in what has already been approved,  and there may be a need to make sure that States get shares of money  they have received to counties and cities. There may even be a reasoned  case for limited additional funding to States and localities in the  near term, although, as I said, I am a bit skeptical.   But approving half a trillion dollars to $1 trillion of additional  funds for uncertain future needs right now to cover unknown State and  local needs as far out as 2 years down the road just isn't the  responsible or prudent action to take.   I yield the floor.   