 Madam President, 8 days ago we started the process of  trying to pull together this economic bill--8 days ago. We have been in  continuous session every day since then.   It was our belief that we would vote on this bill 2 days ago, on  Sunday. The negotiations have gone on for this entire 8-day time  period. Republicans and Democrats have been meeting together every day,  working through the process--Republican chairmen, Democratic ranking  members, sharing ideas.   Eight days ago, Senator Schumer presented a list 10 pages long of  ideas and priorities that the Democrats wanted to include in the  economic relief package. Multiple of those areas are included in this  final package, in this compiled package that had all come together and  was all headed toward trying to vote on it on Sunday.   Then Sunday happened, and it was: We are close. That wasn't the  answer of, We are voting on it. It was suddenly the negotiations are  ``We are close,'' and a whole new set of priorities suddenly appeared  from our Democratic colleagues to say, well, we have a few more things  that we want to do and a few more things that we want to evaluate. ``We  are close'' is all we heard.   We thought we were done. For the sake of the American people, we need  to be done. We have folks at home across the entire country who are  trying to figure out if they can get a loan, if they can keep their  business going, if they can keep their employees. They have no income  coming, and all that is coming out of this body is: We are close. We  have a few more things we want to discuss.   Here is a sample of the calls that I got yesterday: A lady from  Southwest Oklahoma called, literally in tears, saying she has a small  business, and there is little to no business going on right now, with  no cashflow, and she doesn't know about she and her husband's  retirement and she doesn't know why the bill didn't pass yesterday.   All we could say to her was we don't know either because it was  suddenly a new set of issues. It seemed to be all day long Sunday,  Monday, and now we are deep into Tuesday, and we still can't get a set  of answers.   Painfully enough, I caught one of my Senate colleagues on the  Democratic side and just asked: What is the problem? What is the  holdup? Their answer was: We are compiling our list from everyone right  now to try to get down to what our priorities are.   This was yesterday, Monday. We thought we would be done on Sunday.  All I could say back to them was: You are compiling your list? You  still don't even know what all you want to be able to include in this  bill, and we are just stalling and waiting until we can figure out what  to do?   We have been done, and now we are stuck waiting for the other side to  say: I am thinking of a few more things we want to include.   I had a lady from Southern Oklahoma call me because the daycare  center where her daughter works has closed down. She doesn't know what  is going to happen and wanted to know--she has heard about this  possibility of a check being sent out to every American--that would  sure be helpful right now--and wanted to know when that was coming.   All I could say was: I don't know. We are waiting on our Democratic  colleagues to finish compiling their list of the other things they want  to add into this bill so we can even discuss it. All I can say is: I  keep hearing we are at the 2-yard line or we are this close.   But we never seem to get past the 2-yard line. It is always: We are  close. Folks at home don't need ``We are close.'' They need this done.   So let me just say, really quickly, what is in this bill and why it  is so important to us:   Additional money for testing, additional money for work on vaccines,  additional money on trying to be able to go through treatments,  ventilators, literally billions of dollars that go to hospitals and  clinics and nursing homes and senior centers.   One section of the bill has $75 billion and another section of the  bill has $40 billion--just for hospitals and for healthcare.   The hospitals are all telling us the same thing: We need help, and we  need help right now. And I would say back to them: Would love to,  except we seem to be parked on the 2-yard line while other folks are  saying: We are close. We are still thinking of a few other things we  want to get in.   There is an immediate check that is to go out to every American to  provide some support for utilities and the basic things because so many  people are unemployed. To those folks who are calling us saying: When  are they coming, all I can say is I don't know. All I hear is that we  are close because the other side wants to include a few more things  they are thinking about on their list.   Already in the bill is $250 billion for unemployment insurance, with  an increase on the amount that would come on each check. We would love  to get that started, except we are on the 2-yard line, and we can't  seem to get past that because the other side is still making a list of  the other things they want to include in the bill.    So we can't get help to hospitals. We can't get immediate support  checks out the door. We can't get additional unemployment insurance  going because they are thinking about a few other things they want to  add into the bill.   Already in the bill is help for small businesses: helping people  retain their  [[Page S1994]]  full salary if they work at a small business--that is, a business of  500 or less--so that they can stay connected to their employer so that,  when we get through this virus, they actually have a job, and they can  continue their same salary. That is an immediate offer.   It is not like the one that passed last week that is small businesses  are expected to pay for the coverage out of money they don't have, and  someday the Federal Government will figure out a process to reimburse  them. This is totally different. This is an immediate, upfront infusion  into small businesses, and they don't have to come up with the cash. It  is come up with for them, for them to be able to cover their employees.   That helps their employees from going into unemployment insurance,  and it helps this economy recover a lot faster because they are able to  come right back to it.   I would love to tell them: Go to your bank right now; that loan is  ready--except I can't because the other side is still thinking about a  few more things they want to add into this bill.   And while small businesses can't make it through the week because of  their cashflow because they have been forcibly closed, the other side  is thinking about a few more things they want to add in.   There is help in this for nonprofits that are doing amazing work all  over my State--and they probably are in States all over the country  right now. Nonprofits out there that I have talked to recently-- homeless shelters, but they are at max capacity right now. They are  actually not allowing additional residents in some of the facilities  there.   The YMCA and YWCA, they are feeding youth in the community. The  schools are stepping up, doing remarkable work feeding folks. The free  community clinic has had to close in some of my communities just  because of COVID-19, so they are trying to find ways to help out in  other ways.   The Hope Center that is in Woodward is doing a drive-through food  distribution right now instead of having people come in. So they are  getting food to them.   We have got some of the Youth & Family Services' facilities that are  doing amazing work right now, but they cannot make payroll right now.  They are needing some help. Well--guess what--there is help in this  bill for those nonprofits to keep their payroll going and to be able to  keep going because we desperately need those nonprofits to still be  able to provide that help in those communities.   I would love to tell those nonprofits help is on the way, but all I  can tell them is we are on the 2-yard line waiting for the other side  to determine a few more things that they still want to put into the  bill. So it is ready--maybe.   A lot of large businesses that employ a lot of people in my State are  not asking for grants, though they would love to get those, obviously.  They are asking for capital. They are asking for access to loans. They  are asking for the opportunity to take out a loan and to be able to  make a payment. That is in this bill. There is not a bailout for big  companies in this bill.   This bill provides an opportunity for medium and large companies to  get access to credit so they can get a loan to carry their company  through. I would love to tell them: You can go take out that loan. But  I can't because the other side is still thinking about a few other  things that they want to do.   We are waiting. Time is important right now.   While one of my colleagues made a public statement yesterday saying:  This is a $2 trillion bill; we should really get it right--oh, I agree,  but this doesn't seem to be a matter of making sure the text is  correct. All that I have heard for the last 48 hours is: There are a  few more things we are thinking about that we want to be able to get  into the bill.   Yesterday it was solar energy panels and solar credits, which I don't  know how it connects with COVID-19. It was forcing airlines to be  carbon neutral by 2025. It was union representatives on corporate  boards. It was limiting the ability of corporations to have any kind of  access to doing stock buybacks for the next 10 years.   All those things may be fine to debate. Why in the world are we  holding up small businesses and holding up checks to individuals and  cutting off support for nonprofits because we are thinking about a few  things like solar panels and carbon-neutral footprints for airlines?   Why don't we get this done? Time is important. People at home who  have real lives and real families and a small business have no income  coming in right now. They have no cash flow, and they are trying to pay  their employees and figure out what is going to happen next, while the  other side is thinking about something else they might want to add to  this bill.   I am fine with thinking through the details, but in our office, it is  really difficult to continue to answer the phone and hear people say: I  don't know how we will stay open any longer.   I will tell you what--why don't you answer this call for me while you  are thinking about what else you might want to add to the bill? A hotel  owner in my State just closed their doors while you are thinking about  what you want to do next.   I am asking the other side. The bill already has these elements in  it, and while I am confident people will step out of negotiations at  some point and say ``We miraculously saved the bill because we changed  five lines in it and because we added additional dollars into this  account'' or ``This account was too low, so now we didn't give $75  billion to hospitals; we gave $100 billion to hospitals. So, look, we  fixed it. And we didn't give $10 billion to cities; we gave $15 billion  to cities, and so we saved it''--well, while you are arguing about  adding a few more dollars at the end of these different things, in the  meantime, small businesses and people across the country are saying  ``Can I get the first dollar while you are arguing about the fifteen- billionth dollar? Can I get some help now?'' Time is important. Let's  stop pretending it is not. It may not be to some folks in this room; it  is to the 4 million folks in my State.   We were ready on Sunday with this bill and thought we were voting on  it to finish it. Now, 48 hours later, the other side is still thinking  about something they might want to add to this. Let's vote.   I yield the floor.   