 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H. Con. Res. 83,  directing the President to cease military hostilities against Iran.   Last week, President Trump ordered a provocative and disproportionate  drone strike, killing Quds Force commander Major General Qasem  Soleimani.   Soleimani was a malign actor who masterminded the killings of many  U.S. soldiers, but assassinating him has unleashed the dogs of war.  Iran launched a dozen ballistic missiles against two U.S. military  bases in Iraq, and we must be prepared for further Iranian retaliation.   These threats stem from the President's fateful and reckless decision  to withdraw from the Iran nuclear deal, a deal that was working by  every measure, leaving us with no leverage and Iran with nothing to  lose.   We don't need another war. Peace demands action now. That is why  Congress must reassert its solemn constitutional duty under Article I  to decide when and where the United States goes to war. This resolution  does just that.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support it.   Madam Speaker, on Tuesday night, Iran launched at least a dozen  ballistic missiles against two U.S. military bases in Iraq.   Thankfully, there were no American casualties, but I remain concerned  about further Iranian retaliation.   These attacks come after President Trump ordered a drone strike that  assassinated Iranian Quds Force commander Major General Qasem  Soleimani.   Soleimani was a bad actor and masterminded the killings of many U.S.  soldiers in Iraq and Lebanon. He will not be missed.   But killing Soleimani was supposed to make us safer. In reality, the  President's order has unleashed the dogs of war.   What is unfolding now is the result of the Trump Administration's  incoherent foreign policy, stemming from its fateful and reckless  decision to withdraw the United States from our own agreement, the Iran  nuclear deal.   By all accounts, prior to our withdrawal, Iran was in compliance with  the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA).   It was only after our withdrawal, and re-imposition of sanctions  lifted under the agreement, that Iran began to exceed its stockpile of  low-enriched uranium, and then resume uranium enrichment.   Following the Soleimani strike, Iran has vowed to ignore all  restrictions set by the nuclear deal. This move has set in motion the  very thing we were seeking to avoid--a nuclear-armed Iran.   Our abrogation of the Iran nuclear agreement leaves us with no  leverage and Iran with nothing to lose.   Iran and its proxy forces have engaged in a series of retaliatory  actions: attacks on oil tankers in the Persian Gulf, downing an  American drone in international waters, cruise missile attacks against  Saudi oil plants, and rocket attacks against U.S. forces in Iraq.   Secretary of State Pompeo claimed, ``The world is a much safer place,  and I can assure you, Americans in the region are much safer after the  demise of Qasem Soleimani.''   And yet, in the wake of Soleimani's killing, the State Department has  urged Americans to leave Iraq immediately whether by air or by land,  and put Americans in the region on high alert.   Two years ago, I warned that we were sleepwalking into an armed  conflict. That the hidden scandal of the Iraq War--the manipulation of  intelligence to support a predetermined  [[Page H99]]  outcome--was now an overt political strategy to undermine the Iran  nuclear deal.   I fear now that these steps have brought us to the brink of war with  Iran.   According to Pompeo, ``this was an intelligence-based assessment that  drove our decision-making process.''   Yet, when asked about the imminent threat facing Americans from  Soleimani, Pompeo pointed to a previous attack in Iraq that killed an  American contractor and injured four servicemembers, not a new,  imminent threat.   Yesterday, the Trump Administration offered a sophomoric and utterly  unconvincing briefing to members of Congress on the strike's rationale.   President Trump's decision to assassinate Soleimani was provocative  and disproportionate and has endangered American lives and the security  of the region.   We don't need another war. Peace demands action now.   That is why Congress must reassert its constitutional authority to  decide when and where the United States goes to war.   Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution states that  ``Congress shall have power . . . to declare war . . . and to raise and  support armies'' and other armed forces.   And today the House of Representatives will make clear that Congress  has not authorized President Trump to go to war with Iran.   Neither the 2001 nor the 2002 Authorization for the Use of Military  Force (AUMF) authorize the President to attack Iran or its senior  officials.   I urge my colleagues in both the House and the Senate to support this  war powers resolution, and reclaim our solemn constitutional duty to  determine when the United States puts our uniformed men and women in  harm's way.   