 Mr. Speaker, the spread of COVID-19 will  present increasingly severe challenges for students, workers, and  families. Communities across the country are counting on this Congress  to deliver a bold, immediate, and targeted response.   The Families First Coronavirus Response Act--which is the result of  careful bipartisan negotiations--is an important step toward providing  the American people the support they need to confront this national  emergency.   This bill ensures that all Americans can access cost-free COVID-19  testing.   It provides states and schools the flexibility they need to ensure  that students do not go hungry during school closures. It also provides  child and adult care providers additional support to make sure people  are getting the nutrition they need.   It provides women, infants, and children with the flexibility to  access WIC food benefits and infant formula without the need to make  unsafe visits to clinics.   It provides workers 14 days of emergency paid sick leave, so they are  not forced to choose between their paycheck and their health.   And it also provides enhanced unemployment compensation and paid  family and medical leave so that workers can take time off to care for  themselves and their loved ones without losing their jobs.   By passing this legislation, we protect the health and financial  security of millions of students, workers, and families.   But we must recognize that this package alone is not sufficient. In  the coming weeks, we must be willing to take further action to address  the consequences of this epidemic.   For example, I am particularly concerned that this bill does not  include important safety protections for our front-line health care  workers, who will be called upon to perform heroic work in the months  ahead. I will continue to work with my colleagues to pass necessary  legislation to protect their safety.   Additionally, at the last minute, provisions were inserted into the  bill that regrettably denied some workers paid leave benefits. But  millions of workers will have access to paid leave that is not  available to them today.   So, I urge all Members to support the Families First Coronavirus  Response Act.   