 Mr. President, as we all know by now, late Friday  evening, the world received the news that we have been waiting, hoping,  and praying for since March. The first COVID-19 vaccine was approved  here in the United States. The vaccine was developed by Pfizer and its  German partner BioNtech and was found to be 95 percent effective in  preventing COVID-19 during clinical trials--extensive clinical trials.   The leaders of Operation Warp Speed immediately mobilized the  distribution plan, and the first doses of the vaccine are arriving at  healthcare facilities across the country today. Texas's initial  shipment of nearly 225,000 doses will be administered to our healthcare  workers this week by our healthcare workers, and we will provide these  heroes with the protection they need to continue their fight on our  behalf on the frontlines.   This is a turning point in our war against COVID, and the  significance of this victory in such an expedited timeframe cannot be  overstated. I want to thank the brilliant men and women who made this  feat possible. There are the researchers and scientists who developed  the lifesaving vaccine, as well as the volunteers who participated in  clinical trials. There are the manufacturers that are rapidly producing  millions of doses and distributors who are getting those doses to sites  across the country as quickly as possible. Of course, there are the  hospitals, pharmacies, and our incredible healthcare workers who will  lead the vaccine effort. The race to a COVID vaccine will be remembered  as one of the greatest human achievements of our generation, and these  brave and brilliant individuals helped make it possible.   I want to remind all of us that while this is a huge milestone and  one that should absolutely be celebrated, we are not out of the dark  yet. The light at the end of the tunnel is getting bigger and brighter,  but we still have a ways to go, and each of us has our own part to play  in getting us there. For the American people, that means stopping the  spread through the same habits that we learned all year--washing your  hands, wearing a mask, practicing social distancing, and taking extra  care to protect our most vulnerable friends and neighbors. Of course,  this holiday season is not a time to forget the habits we built over  the last several months but to double down on them.   While this is a development to be celebrated and a day we have been  looking for for a long time, Congress has not yet done its job. For  months on end, the American people have asked for additional financial  support to weather this storm, and so far we have not seen any  progress. Our Democratic colleagues blocked bill after bill, saying  more of the words of Speaker Pelosi: Nothing is better than something.   Well, our Democratic colleagues stood in the way of investing more in  vaccine distribution, extending unemployment insurance benefits,  helping our small businesses keep their workers on payroll, and giving  our schools the resources they need in order to provide education to  our students safely. Our Democratic colleagues didn't block these bills  because they disagree with the content of the bills; they simply refuse  to engage if we do not concede to their controversial and outrageous  demands.   At first, Democrats refused to back off the completely absurd bill  passed in the House called the Heroes Act, which includes things like  diversity studies for the marijuana industry and tax breaks for  millionaires and billionaires. While they eventually realized how  unrealistic their position was, they now stand firm in providing a  bailout for cities and States that have been--some of which have been  grossly mismanaged for decades.   Over the last several months, our Democratic colleagues have  repeatedly blocked legislation that would have poured half a trillion  dollars more into our fight against COVID-19 because it didn't include  their far-fetched, partisan priorities. Our Democratic colleagues have  wasted a lot of time in playing games with this pandemic relief, and  the clock on this Congress is quickly running out. Congress needs to  pass another bill this week, and I encourage our Democratic colleagues  to start compromising and quit the grandstanding. They have shown us  time and again, when you sit down at the negotiating table with an all- or-nothing attitude, the result is always nothing, and that is all they  have to show for their obstruction over the last months since we passed  the CARES Act.   