 Mr. Speaker, America's opioid crisis is far from  resolved.   According to the American Medical Association, over 40 states have  reported an increase in opioid overdose deaths since the beginning of  the pandemic.   Despite the steady decrease in opioid related deaths in 2017, 2018,  and 2019, the COVID-19 pandemic has intensified the opioid epidemic in  Rhode Island.   Opioid overdose remains the leading cause of accidental death in  Rhode Island.   In the first seven months of 2020, Rhode Island experienced a 33  percent increase in overdose deaths compared to the same period last  year.   And every day we are at risk of losing more and more people to  overdoses, with recent numbers showing that Black and Hispanic Rhode  Islanders are disproportionately experiencing overdose related deaths.   Over the years, State Opioid Response funding has been critical to  responding to this deadly epidemic. This funding has helped to provide  Rhode Islanders with adequate resources to combat drug abuse and  prevent overdoses before they turn deadly.   State Opioid Response funding has allowed for more support and  treatment for people suffering from addiction to get the help they need  and put them on a path toward recovery.   This funding increases access to naloxone so that people in our  communities are trained on identifying an opioid overdose and know how  to stop the harmful effects of overdose.   As we say in Rhode Island, ``an overdose doesn't mean it's over.  Naloxone saves lives.''   State Opioid Response funding saves lives.   While we continue to fight against the COVID-19 pandemic, we must  also ensure that states' are supported to continue their fight against  the opioid epidemic.   I thank Representative Trone for introducing H.R. 2466, the State  Opioid Response Grant Authorization Act of 2020 to make sure we meet  the needs of responding to the opioid epidemic in communities across  this country.   I urge my colleague to support this important legislation.   