 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague and next-door neighbor  from Kentucky for yielding to me.   Mr. Speaker, the legislative director, together with the legislative  staff, advises congressmen on legislative issues. This position assists  in the development of policy positions and legislative initiatives and  assists in managing the office's legislative staff.   Restated in my language, the nuts and bolts of everything legislative  goes through the legislative director.   Mr. Speaker, I have been blessed with seven legislative directors.  All of them are truly professional. All of them I would like to thank  today. Many of them spent many years with me. A couple held the job  long enough for a cup of coffee. All have moved on to bigger and better  things.   Cheryl Crate, originally from Oklahoma, was my first legislative  director. She helped set up my office and got it running smoothly.   Dan Blankenburg is from Downers Grove, Illinois. He has a starring  role in ``Mr. Shimkus Goes to Washington,'' as we were talking about  U.S. military involvement in the Balkans.   Morna Willens is from St. Charles, Illinois. She moved up to  legislative director from her telecom legislative assistant position.  With that move, she was enticed to work downtown, and is still a D.C.  operative.   Ray Fitzgerald moved to my office from the Science Committee. Ray was  from Chicago and a rabid White Sox fan. Ray was with me for many years,  which we both considered successful, but Ray got married and wanted to  go back home. Unfortunately, Ray was struck with cancer and died at the  young age of 37. He left behind his wife, Kristin, and daughters, Nora,  Maggie, and Lucy. They will always be part of Team Shimkus.   What could be another one for the record books is two legislative  directors who served in the same office getting married. No one would  ever guess me to be a cupid, but the proof is in the pudding. Their  friendship and courting were never really news to me, but over the  years, their strong marriage has become a sense of pride.   Mo Zilly-Tracy is from Aurora, Illinois--and how do you say this  tactfully--was the boss to Ryan, my then legislative assistant for  Agriculture and Energy. Once she left the legislative director  position, Ryan accepted it. Then they got married, and moved to Ryan's  hometown in Monticello, Illinois, and are raising their two daughters,  Vivian and Alice.   Greta Joynes is from Sugar Grove, Illinois. A tough, no-nonsense  legislative director. I once called her my kraken that I would unleash.  How did I ever come up with that? Now a D.C. operative, she is still a  tough public policy operative.   All but one of my LDs were from Illinois. What a great credit to the  State, but I am from southern Illinois, so it has been with great pride  to have a local boy from my neck of the woods as my legislative  director the last couple of years.   Brian Looser is from an area between Staunton and Mount Olive. He  came from the office of Senator Kirk and specializes in healthcare. He  has also recently taken over the telecom portfolio. He has decided to  go down with the ship and stay with me until the end. That loyalty  should be applauded and is emblematic of all my staff in D.C.   Mr. Speaker, in the hustle and bustle of D.C. activity, people come  and go all the time. The individuals who work with and for us should be  thanked. We are only as good as the people around us, and I have been  blessed with great staff.   Again, I thank my colleague from the Commonwealth of Kentucky, my  neighbor from Paducah, for allowing me a chance to speak.   