 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the bill. The  American people are rightly concerned about coronavirus, and as a  Congress, we have a responsibility to help them deal with this crisis.  Many Americans--sick or not--will need to stay home from work. Many  will need access to testing and care. Our state and local health care  providers and first responders are on the front lines of this fight.  We're all in this together. That's how I'm thinking about it as a  citizen--for my family--and as United States Congressman working for  you, for Oregon, and for our nation.   Last week, we approved over $8 billion to get more tests out into our  communities, reimburse local entities for the work they are doing, and  to find a vaccine and treatments. We need to do more, and that's what  we will do today.   By working together, our efforts will leave our country better  prepared to address this crisis. But I must note that more could have  been done.   First, we all know hospitals across the nation are preparing to treat  a surge of patients and health care providers are already running low  on crucial respirator masks. We need to make more of these masks  available to protect our health workers who are on the front lines of  this pandemic. By making commonsense changes to the PREP Act, we could  boost the availability and supply of critically needed respirators.  This is a missed opportunity, but I'm going to keep pushing. We need to  get these crucial pieces of protective equipment out to communities who  need them most.   Second, our front-line needs reinforcements. We currently have  provider shortages; to win this next stage of the fight we must  maintain sufficient hospital staffing. Dr. Burgess and Representative  Eshoo have a bipartisan bill that would improve the ``Ready Reserve''  of the United States Public Health Service Commissioned Corps. The  ``Ready Reserve's'' purpose is to fulfill the need for additional  personnel on short notice for public health and emergency response. We  must improve the surge capacity of our health care workforce. Why this  was left out is maddening; it makes no sense.   Of course, we all know there will be more work to do in the coming  weeks. We must get ready. We need to turn our attention to our medical  product supply chain--both for this pandemic and future ones.   For me, this is not a new concern, prior to the coronavirus outbreak,  I've raised concern about our country's overreliance on foreign  pharmaceutical manufacturing. If a country monopolizes the production  of a drug and wishes to retaliate against the U.S., they could  substantially increase drug prices or reduce supply in an attempt to  cause shortages, limiting access to critical medications. This could  put American lives at risk in a time of crisis.   Finally, I still believe the Medicaid policies in the bill could have  been designed more effectively and better-targeted to the immediate  challenge presented by COVID-19. With that said, states and localities  are on the front lines and this enhanced funding will help states  immediately address public health needs as well as handle an expected  surge in new patients.   Even with these concerns, I do rise in support of the bill because we  need to make sure people can get tested, help those who have to stay  home from work and their families, and ensure our health professionals  have the support they need from the federal government.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill. To the American people,  our country is strong. Our economy is resilient. Do not panic but be  smart and vigilant and we can overcome this challenge.   