 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am on the floor today to talk about  what the Senate and the House ought to be doing before we leave town  for the election, and that is helping people who are in need because of  the impact of the coronavirus.   I know this is the week when we are focused on the passing of Justice  Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and that is appropriate. There is a lot of  discussion also about filling her seat.   We should, of course, all take time to mourn our Nation's loss, but  we are also in the middle of an unprecedented healthcare and economic  crisis. I think we have a responsibility to continue working on COVID- 19 legislation to respond to those challenges.   Since this crisis began, Congress has actually come together  repeatedly, as Republicans and Democrats, House and Senate, and working  with the White House, to pass five coronavirus relief bills-- legislation to address both the healthcare crisis and the economic free  fall that was caused by the virus and the shutdowns. The biggest of  these bills was the one you hear about the most--the roughly $2  trillion CARES Act that was passed by a vote of 96 to 0.   Again, these have been bipartisan efforts up until now.  Unfortunately, since May, when the last of these five bills was  enacted, partisanship has prevailed over good policy, and Washington  has been paralyzed, unable to come together for the public good.   Last week I came to the floor to highlight how this dynamic has  played out with regard to a single issue that has become strictly  important for so many people in my home State of Ohio and around the  country. That is the expanded Federal unemployment insurance supplement  included in the CARES Act back in March.   I had a tele-townhall last night. I am trying to do a tele-townhall  or a Facebook Live townhall every week during the pandemic, in part  just to stay in touch with people because it is so hard back home now  to visit with people in person. Again last night, I had two callers  call in, both of whom are taking advantage of the current $300-per-week  Federal supplement provided really by the Trump administration, and  they talked to me about how they are going to plan for the future.   These are individuals who don't have a job to go back to. One, by the  way, is a musician who makes his living playing music--the piano and  singing and so on--at long-term care facilities, nursing homes, and  each one of his previous clients has said that he is not welcome to  come back now, for good reason. But that makes his life pretty tough  because that is what he does for a living.   So his question to me was this: You know, look, I really appreciate  the 300 bucks. I need it to get by. And I got my rent, I got my car  payment, and what are you guys going to do about that?   Well, the truth is, nothing at this point, and that is too bad  because that $300 supplement has now ended. In effect, what the  President did to continue some help at the Federal level had limits  because he did it under the only choice he had, really, which was the  Disaster Relief Fund, and that has now run out. So that is where we  are.   Early on in the pandemic, both Republicans and Democrats recognized  the need to bolster the State-run unemployment insurance programs to  help offset the massive job losses we saw in March and April. The  initial amount was $600 per week, and it was provided by the CARES Act.  It came at a big cost to taxpayers. It also provided an income source  that made the difference for a lot of folks in the State of Ohio and  around the country.   During those early months, you remember the government was actually  shutting down a lot of businesses, and workers were losing their jobs  through no fault of their own, like this individual last night--through  no fault of his own not having a job.   As the year has gone on, we have made progress. We slowed the spread  of the coronavirus in most States. We have added more testing and  personal protective gear. More and more parts of our economy have been  able to reopen in a safe and sustainable manner, and that is great.  With the reopening, hiring has picked back up, and we now have far  fewer people on unemployment insurance than we did at the beginning of  this pandemic.   Unemployment is now about 8.4 percent. That was the number for  August--down from over 15 percent back in the spring. That is a big  change. Over 4 million jobs have been added. At the same time, 8.4  percent is still high--very high. Remember, we were at about 3.5  percent in February of this year.   By the way, February was the 19th straight month of wage increases of  over 3 percent. We had record-low unemployment for many sectors of our  economy, and here we are at 8.4 percent. So we are not out of the woods  yet. We still have a way to go. Ohio's unemployment number just came  out the day before yesterday. For August, it was 8.9 percent. So 10  percent unemployment is something we are now under. In fact, we are  under 9 percent, which is way, way faster than the projections. But  still, 8.9 percent unemployment in Ohio is something that we need to  focus on.   I will say that overall, we are going in the right direction and that  unemployment claims, I think, are now either steadily dropping or  holding level in almost every State. That is certainly true in Ohio.   So it is fair that Congress wanted to take another look at that  original unemployment insurance supplement, which was set to expire at  the beginning of August, and it did expire, and we wanted to look at it  to see what the new supplement ought to be given the changing economy  and given some of the improvements that we saw and also given the need  for more workers as more businesses were reopening   Now, $600 per week was a relatively generous benefit--to the point  that the Congressional Budget Office, the nonpartisan group around here  that gives us advice, said: If you kept that $600 until next year-- which is what the Democrats proposed in their Heroes Act--8 out of 10  people getting 600 bucks a week would be paid more on unemployment  insurance than they would be at their jobs.   In other words, you would be making more money unemployed than you  would if you were working. That is not the way unemployment insurance  is supposed to work. That is not good for an economy that is trying to  reopen.   I have been all over my State and talked to employers--small, mid,  large-size employers. I have talked to the nonprofits. I have talked to  people who are working hard to try to provide care to people in the  healthcare sector. They all tell me the same thing: That $600 is a  problem because some people were not coming back to work because,  again, for most of those people, they could make more on unemployment  than they could working. So we needed to adjust it. Yet Democrats  insisted 600 or nothing--or nothing--and so we got nothing.   Some of us had proposed $300. In that case, some people would be  getting paid more on unemployment, but most would not. In fact, most of  them would be getting less than some percentage of their salaries. But,  again, if you lose your job through no fault of your own, particularly  because of a government decision to shut down your sector--say a movie  theater or a bowling alley or a bar--it seems to me that we ought to be  helping.   So the $300 that we proposed was to go until toward the end of the  year, but Democrats said no--kind of a ``my way or the highway''  approach, like it is going to be $600 or we are going to give these  people nothing. We gave people nothing. To me, that was a big mistake.   A number of us came to the floor and actually said: Let's continue  $600 for a week so we can negotiate something.   Democrats said: No. We want to end it. We don't even want to have it  temporarily at $600 to be able to negotiate something between  Republicans and Democrats.   That is too bad.   When Congress failed to act, President Trump and his administration  stepped in, and they said: $300 is about the right number. We will  provide the States a $300 supplement through what is called the  Disaster Relief Fund.  [[Page S5818]]    Now, in the CARES legislation we talked about earlier, which was the  $2 trillion legislation that passed 96 to 0 around here, a lot of money  went out for various causes--for our hospitals, for our schools, and  for our families through unemployment insurance. But it also provided  some funding for what is called the Disaster Relief Fund for COVID-19  purposes. So the President took some of that money for COVID-19  purposes out of the Disaster Relief Fund and said: We are going to, for  6 weeks, allow the States to use this $300 supplement if they choose to  do so.   They also encouraged the States to provide their own match. What  happened was, every State but two took the government up on that. So  the vast majority of States said: Yes, we will do it.   They didn't add their match, by the way, but they did take the 300  bucks, and a lot of people have been helped by that because over the  past 6 weeks, that funding has been available. Unfortunately, sometimes  it got paid as a lump sum because by the time the State systems figured  out how to administer it, you know, we were close to the end of the 6  weeks. But people knew that was coming. They knew they had 300 bucks  for paying their rent, paying their car payment, paying their mortgage,  and that was helpful. That was helpful.   Now we are at a point where President Trump's emergency Lost Wages  Assistance Program, which is what that was called--the Lost Wages  Assistance Program under the Disaster Relief Fund--has tapped out.  Forty-four billion dollars was made available to the States, leaving  $25 billion in that Disaster Relief Fund because that $25 billion was  what was projected to be necessary to deal with the natural disasters.   So that is where we are today. Forty-four billion has been depleted.  People who have had unemployment insurance since this disaster began  are not going to have it now. It is going to end. For many people, it  ended this week; for some, next week; for some, the week before.   The point is, we as a Congress need to act. My view is, let's provide  some more funding for the Disaster Relief Fund, at least. If we can't  come together with a big COVID-19 package that helps the schools, that  helps small businesses with the Paycheck Protection Program, which I  support extending, that helps with regard to getting more money for  testing and getting our vaccine more quickly and getting the therapies  up, let's at least provide the administration with some funding in the  Disaster Relief Fund so they can continue to respond to need.   Let's also provide them that funding because they need it for natural  disasters. What do I mean by that? Well, the other thing that has  happened in the last 6 weeks, as you probably noticed, is that we have  had a lot of natural disasters in the West with fires and in the South  with hurricanes. So that funding left in the Disaster Relief Fund ought  to be supplemented for that purpose as well.   This is a temporary program meant to provide a bridge while Congress  acts. And it would be great if Congress were to act, but, frankly, I am  getting kind of discouraged about Congress's ability to come together  again on a bipartisan basis, as much as I wish we would.   I have spoken on the floor about what I think I can see as the points  of compromise and the overlap between our two approaches because there  is a lot of it. Every single Republican save 1, 52 Members--a majority  of the Senate--voted for a proposal a couple weeks ago that was viewed  as a targeted proposal that did provide help for COVID-19 for families,  for small businesses, and for healthcare.   Democrats had their own idea, which is the $3.5 trillion that they  wanted. Ours was about $500 billion. There is something in between  there. We could come together with something that is sensible, but it  looks like that is unlikely.   So at a minimum, let's move forward with these unemployment insurance  supplements that we have been doing. Let's give the administration the  ability to do it again through the Disaster Relief Fund. This funding  shortage would be easy for us to put into the legislation that is  likely to come before this Chamber in the next 24 hours, which is the  continuing resolution. That is the funding that is going to pay for  government to continue operating.   You know, Congress is supposed to pass individual appropriations  bills. There are 12 of them. We didn't do them this year because of the  partisan gridlock around here, so once again we are turning to a  continuing resolution to provide the funding going forward.   The House is acting this week, and we are going to act this week or  early next week, as I understand it. It would be the perfect place to  put more funding into this Disaster Relief Fund for us to be able to  provide that $300 benefit that the administration has been providing to  all States but two and to also provide for more help for the natural  disasters that are upon us.   Senator Thom Tillis and I have proposed legislation to do just that.  We have a bill out there that we hope Congress will be willing to pass,  and we are also interested in adding it as an amendment to the  continuing resolution, to the appropriations bill that is on its way  through here.   With Congress deadlocked on how to come up with a broader solution  for COVID-19, let's at least do this. Let's say to the administration:  We want you to continue this program that is now in place. The States  know how it operates. The States have been implementing it.   My home State of Ohio has provided funding to people through this. We  are appreciative of it.   Our proposal is very straightforward. It simply appropriates $86.6  billion to replenish the Disaster Relief Fund, first to give FEMA the  resources it needs to fully and effectively respond to the natural  disasters that are hitting parts of our country hard right now and  those that are yet to come. The money won't be wasted; it will be spent  for appropriate things.   Second, it would allow the $300 per week for the Lost Wages  Assistance Program to continue through November 21, giving Congress  what I hope would be more than enough time to come up with a broader  solution to the COVID-19 issue. But at least through the period of time  between now and just before Thanksgiving, people would be able to know  they will continue to get this $300-per-week supplement to be able to  put food on the table, pay the rent, or pay the car payment or the  mortgage, and we as a Congress will be able to say to the people we  represent: We haven't forgotten about you. You lost your jobs through  no fault of your own. We ought to be able to continue providing some  help through this interim period.   This isn't about political wins and losses; this is about lives and  livelihoods that are at stake. I hope my colleagues will join me in a  bipartisan effort to support this important, commonsense legislation so  we can bolster our response to the COVID-19 unemployment crisis and to  the natural disasters that are currently facing our country.   I yield back my time.   