 Mr. Speaker, there are many timely measures in this  bill to: strengthen our healthcare system; help people stay in their  homes; modernize our credit reporting system during this COVID-19  pandemic; protect our civil right laws; and, finally, give full  representation to Washington, D.C., so that no President can ever again  send in Federal troops to crack down on peaceful, constitutional  speech. Each one responds to the urgent needs of the American people  during this unprecedented time.   But there is one measure in particular here that I want to focus on  that is a direct result of public pressure, the George Floyd Justice in  Policing Act. Americans of all backgrounds have been taking to the  streets in unprecedented numbers with a single refrain: Black Lives  Matter.   People are demanding an end to police brutality, not encouraging an  end to it, not recommending an end to it, but, finally, demanding an  end to it once and for all.   That is what H.R. 7120 is all about, fixing the broken status quo  that has allowed racial injustice and police brutality to continue year  after year after year. It is about damn time.   I would never presume to know what it is like to be Black in America  today, but I have seen injustice in my own State. I have held grieving  community members. I have marched with those calling for change. I have  heard their pain.   True allies do more than listen, Mr. Speaker. They take action.   Now, no one at all is suggesting that all police officers are racist  and break the law. But the sad reality is that if you are Black in  America today, you are three times more likely to be killed by the  police compared to a White person. Yet, it is the exception, not the  norm, when officers who commit a crime are brought to justice.   There are systemic problems here that require systematic solutions.   Now, I am not naive, Mr. Speaker. This bill alone will not end racism  in America. We have so many issues that must be addressed for that to  happen. So many communities in Black America aren't getting the  investments that they need today. But this bill is an important step  forward, and I encourage all of my colleagues to listen to the voices  of those demanding change right now.   This is what we were sent here to do, Mr. Speaker, to act on behalf  of the people we represent.   While our Constitution begins with the words ``We the People,'' that  didn't include all the people when those words were written. It  included people who looked like me. But by expanding the reach of our  democracy and looking toward a more just and fair country for everyone,  we have gotten one step closer to achieving the promise of America for  all people.  [[Page H2435]]    That is what this bill is about. I urge all of my colleagues to  support it.   