 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise today to offer a few thoughts  about the Bostock case handed down by the Supreme Court yesterday. I  have it here. I have now had a chance to read the case, the decision by  the majority of the Court, and the two dissenting opinions.   I have to say I agree with the news reports that have said that this  is truly a seismic decision. It is truly a historic decision. It is  truly a historic piece of legislation.   This piece of legislation changes the scope of the 1964 Civil Rights  Act. It changes the meaning of the 1964 Civil Rights Act. It changes  the text of the 1964 Civil Rights Act. In fact, you might well argue it  is one of the most significant and far-reaching updates to that  historic piece of legislation since it was adopted all of those years  ago.   Make no mistake, this decision, this piece of legislation will have  effects that range from employment law to sports to churches.   There is only one problem with this piece of legislation. It was  issued by a court, not by a legislature. It was written by judges, not  by the elected representatives of the people. And it did what this  Congress has pointedly declined to do for years now, which is to change  the text and the meaning and the application and the scope of a  historic piece of legislation.   I think it is significant for another reason as well. This decision,  this Bostock case and the majority who wrote it, represents the end of  something. It represents the end of the conservative legal movement or  the conservative legal project as we know it. After Bostock, that  effort as we know it, as it has existed up to now, is over. I say this  because if textualism and originalism give you this decision, if you  can invoke textualism and originalism in order to reach a decision, an  outcome fundamentally that changes the scope--meaning and application  of statutory law--then textualism, originalism, and all of those  phrases don't mean much at all.   Those are the things we have been fighting for. That is what I  thought we had been fighting for. Those who call ourselves legal  conservatives, if we have been fighting for legalism and textualism and  this is the result of that, then I have to say that it turns out we  haven't been fighting for very much, or maybe we have been fighting for  quite a lot, but it has been exactly the opposite of what we thought we  were fighting for.  [[Page S2999]]    This is a very significant decision. It marks a turning point for  every conservative, and it marks a turning point for the legal  conservative movement. The legal conservative project has always  depended on one group of people in particular, in order to carry the  weight of the votes, to actually support this out in public, to get out  there and make it possible electorally, and those are religious  conservatives. I am one myself.   Evangelicals, conservative Catholics, conservative Jews--they are the  ones--let's be honest--they are the ones who have been the core of the  legal conservative effort. The reason for that is--it dates back  decades now, back to the 1970s. The reason for that is these religious  conservatives are from different backgrounds, but what they have  consistently sought together was protection for their right to worship,  for their right to freely exercise their faith, as the First Amendment  guarantees, for their right to gather in their communities, for their  right to pursue the way of life that their scriptures variously command  and that the Constitution absolutely protects. That is what they have  asked for, that is what they have sought all these years.   Yet, as to those religious conservatives, how do they fare in  yesterday's decision? What will this decision mean, this rewrite of  Title VII? What will it mean for churches? What will it mean for  religious schools? What will it mean for religious charities?   Well, in the many pages of its opinion--33 pages to be exact--the  majority does finally get around to say something about religious  liberty on one page. What does it say? Here is the substance of the  Court's analysis: How ``doctrines protecting religious liberty interact  with Title VII,'' as reinterpreted now by the Court, ``are questions  for future cases.'' Let's have that again. How ``doctrines protecting  religious liberty interact with Title VII are questions for future  cases.'' No doubt they are huge questions.   We eagerly await what our super-legislators across the street in the  Supreme Court building there at One First Street will legislate on this  question. What will become of church-hiring liberty? What will become  of the policies of religious schools? What will become of the fate of  religious charities? Who knows? Who is to say? They are questions for  future cases.   I will say this in defense of the Court: It is difficult to  anticipate in one case all future possible implications. That is why  courts are supposed to leave legislating to legislators. That is why  article III does not give the U.S. Supreme Court or any Federal court  the power to legislate but only the judicial power to decide cases and  controversies, not to decide policies.   I will also say this: Everybody knows--every honest person knows that  the laws in this country today are made almost entirely by unelected  bureaucrats and courts; they are not made by this body. Why not?  Because this body doesn't want to make law, that is why not. In order  to make law, you have to take a vote. In order to vote, you have to be  on the record, and to be on the record is to be held accountable, and  that is what this body fears above all else. This body is terrified of  being held accountable for anything on any subject. So can we be  surprised that where the legislature fears to tread, where the article  I body--this body that is charged by the Constitution for legislating-- refuses to do its job, courts rush in and bureaucrats too? Are they  accountable to the people? No, not at all. Do we have any resource? Not  really. What should we do? Now we must wait to see what the super- legislators will say about our rights in future cases.   If this case makes anything clear, it is that the bargain that has  been offered to religious conservatives for years now is a bad one. It  is time to reject it. The bargain has never been necessarily explicitly  articulated, but religious conservatives know what it is. The bargain  is that you go along with the party establishment, you support their  policies and priorities--or at least keep your mouth shut about it--and  in return, the establishment will put some judges on the bench who  supposedly will protect your constitutional right to freedom of worship  and freedom of exercise. That is what we have been told for years now.  We were told that we are supposed to shut up while the party  establishment focuses more on cutting taxes and handing out favors to  corporations--multinational corporations that don't share our values,  that will not stand up for American principles, and that are only too  happy to ship American jobs overseas. But we are supposed to say  nothing about that.   We are supposed to keep our mouths shut because maybe we will get a  judge out of the deal. That was the implicit bargain. We are supposed  to keep our mouths shut while the party establishment opens borders and  while the party establishment pursues ruinous trade policies. We are  supposed to keep our mouths shut while those at the upper end of the  income bracket get all of the attention while working families and  college students and those who don't want to go to college but can't  get a good job--they get what attention?    Workers. Children. What about parents looking for help with the cost  of raising children; looking for help with the culture in which they  have to raise children; looking for help with the communities,  rebuilding the communities in which they must carry out their family  life? What about college students trying to find an education that  isn't ruinously expensive and then trying to figure out some way to pay  back that ruinous debt? What about those who don't have a college  degree and don't want one but would like to get a good job? What about  them?   We are supposed to stay quiet about all of that and more because  there will be pro-constitutional religious liberty judges--except that  there aren't; except that these judges don't follow the Constitution;  except that these judges invoke textualism and originalism in order to  reach their preferred outcome.   I want to be clear. I am not personally criticizing any Justice who  joined the majority opinion or wrote it. I believe 100 percent that the  Justice who principally offered this--Justice Gorsuch--and those who  joined him are sincere and were writing to the best of their ability,  reasoning to the best of their ability. Whatever else you might say  about the opinion, it is not sloppily reasoned. I think they were doing  what they thought was best and using all of the skills and gifts they  have.   I question how we got here. I question how judges who hold to this  philosophy ended up on that bench. I question the bargain that people  of faith have been offered and asked to hold to for all of these years.   The truth is, to those who have objected to my own questioning of  judicial nominees in this body, to those who said I was wrong to  question judges who came before the Judiciary Committee, to those who  chided me for asking tough questions even of nominees by a Republican  President, to those who said I was slowing down the process and I was  out of line, and to the supposedly conservative groups who threatened  to buy television time in my own State to punish me for asking  questions about conservative judges, I just have this to say: This is  why I ask questions. This is why I won't stop. And I wish some more  people would ask some harder questions because this outcome is not  acceptable, and the bargain religious conservatives have been offered  is not tenable.   I would just say it is not the time for religious conservatives to  shut up. We have done that for too long. It is time for religious  conservatives to stand up and to speak out. It is time for religious  conservatives to bring forward the best of our ideas on every policy  affecting this Nation. We should be out in the forefront leading on  economics, on trade, on race, on class, on every subject that matters  for what our Founders called the ``general welfare'' because we have a  lot to offer, not just to protect our own rights but for the good of  all of our fellow citizens.   As religious believers, we know that serving our fellow citizens-- whatever their religious faith or whatever their commitments may be--we  know that serving them, aiding them, working for them is one of the  signature ways we show a love of neighbor. It is time for religious  conservatives to do that. It is time for religious conservatives to  take the lead rather than being pushed to the back. It is time for  religious conservatives to stand up and speak out rather than being  told to sit down and shut up.   I am confident that people of faith and good will all across this  country are ready to do that and want to do  [[Page S3000]]  that and have something to offer this country and every person in this  country, whatever their background or income or race or religion, and  because of that, I am confident in the future. I am also confident that  the old ways will not do. Let this be a departure. Let this be a new  beginning. Let this be the start of something better.   I yield the floor.   