 Madam Speaker, let me proceed with acknowledging that this  legislation had many crucial elements that were developed and  constructed by the Committee on Ways and Means on a bipartisan basis.    We expanded on unemployment insurance. We provided an additional  supplement of $300 a week. We expanded the retention tax credit, which  was very important. We maintained and expanded the EITC and the child  credit.   Madam Speaker, I want to thank Donna Shalala, because perhaps one of  the most important elements in this successful piece of legislation was  addressing surprise medical billing. She supported my position on this  from day one, and she couldn't have been more earnest. She has been a  terrific Member of this House.   We provide direct payments. We provide assistance in terms of tax  extenders. We add a really good job on the renewable tax credits as  well, and we expand eligibility for a round of checks to include people  in mixed-status families.   Many of these pieces of legislation people said couldn't happen and,  indeed, they did.   We addressed those who are most vulnerable.   And, the truth is, we also give Joe Biden a chance after January 20,  because of the duration of this legislation, to provide what we all  know is going to be a plan for additional assistance to members of the  American family.   Madam Speaker, there are 20 million Americans collecting unemployment  insurance right now in America. For people at the lower end of the  economic spectrum, this has been cruel and callous. We need to come to  their assistance.   People with white-collar jobs, they have held on and their  unemployment rate is significantly less. But we know how stubborn this  problem is, and until we defeat the virus, it is hard to see how we get  to a full economic recovery.   I hope that the argument will not be, once Mr. Biden takes the oath,  that we need to proceed to austerity. What we do in this legislation  with these checks is we provide additional liquidity, which then  provides additional demand for people at the lower end of the economic  spectrum.   This is a very good piece of legislation. I am very proud of what the  Committee on Ways and Means did to help get us to this day.   