 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York for introducing this  bill. He has worked in good faith with Republican Members over the past  year to reach a bipartisan solution on this important issue.   The Financial Services Committee has held several hearings over the  past year on the state of minority depository institutions, or MDIs,  and community development financial institutions, or CDFIs.   Both MDIs and CDFIs provide critical services and support to their  communities. Unfortunately, the number of these institutions has been  declining at an alarming rate.   Burdensome regulations and a lack of access to capital have caused  many of these MDIs to either consolidate or be forced to shut their  doors for good. It is simply too hard for these smaller institutions to  remain viable in the current environment.   The bill we are considering today promotes policies and establishes  programs to support MDIs and CDFIs and the customers and communities  they serve.   Importantly, the bill seeks to promote engagement in the Department  of the Treasury's mentor-protege program to encourage collaboration  between MDIs and institutions that act as financial agents for the  Federal Government.   The bill also directs each of the Federal banking regulators to  establish MDI advisory councils to ensure MDI voices are heard without  weakening or duplicating current efforts.   The bill also allows banks to be designated as an impact bank. This  allows any bank that serves a majority of low-income borrowers to be  considered as an option to hold government deposits. This program will  bolster the ability of banks to serve their communities.   Finally, the bill streamlines the application reporting requirements  to become and remain a CDFI.   I appreciate the gentleman from New York for his willingness to work  with committee Republicans so that we can bring a strong bipartisan  bill to the floor that supports communities in need.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5322,  and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentlewoman from Pennsylvania  (Ms. Dean) for introducing this bipartisan bill.   Since the early days of the pandemic, the Federal Reserve has acted  swiftly to ensure liquidity is available to companies of all sizes  across the country. The emergency facilities support businesses and, in  turn, their workers and customers.   The committee has continually called for a broad-based approach to  aid our businesses and communities throughout this economic crisis.  H.R. 6934 simply encourages the Federal Reserve to include companies  that have credit ratings from all SEC-registered and supervised NRSROs  as participants in its emergency facilities.   Though the Federal Reserve revised some of the requirements for  companies with credit ratings from smaller  [[Page H4603]]  NRSROs, there are still companies left on the sidelines. This bill will  ensure small and mid-sized businesses have access to the facilities  that provide necessary support.   An open and transparent process is essential to the success of the  emergency facilities. This bill supports that process.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close.   I would simply urge my colleagues to support H.R. 6934, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7592, the STIFLE Act of 2020.   Mr. Speaker, in March of 2020, the Financial Services Committee  launched its bipartisan Counter-Trafficking Initiative to explore and  expose the breadth of transnational trafficking networks and their  illicit financial systems.   As we learned during our additional counter-trafficking hearing,  transnational criminal organizations rarely limit their trafficking to  one sector. Often, these criminals will acquire and traffic anything  that will bring them a profit. Needless to say, these criminals have  been successful in their efforts.   Global Financial Integrity, an NGO that studies illicit financial  flows, estimates that the global business of transnational crime is  valued between $1.6 trillion to $2.2 trillion annually. To be frank,  Mr. Speaker, we have a lot of work to do.   Following our counter-trafficking hearing this Congress, Mr. McAdams  and Mr. Gonzalez worked diligently and across party lines to craft a  thoughtful piece of legislation to help to answer some of the  outstanding questions trafficking experts brought before the committee  in  Mr. Speaker, I simply urge my colleagues to support H.R.  7592, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Iowa for introducing this  bill.   At the beginning of the pandemic I was concerned about COVID-19- related fraudulent schemes, particularly those targeting seniors who  have been disproportionately impacted by the virus.   The Federal regulators tasked with weeding out fraud and providing  resources for consumers impacted by scams--the CFPB, SEC, and FTC--have  been particularly supportive of consumers during this time.   To further support this coordinated effort, H.R. 6735 establishes the  Consumer and Investor Fraud Working Group, which will include  representatives from the CFPB and SEC, among others.   The working group will work to provide resources to consumers and  investors to avoid fraud during the COVID-19 pandemic and to those who  have been impacted by these types of scams.   In addition, the working group is required to produce a quarterly  report to the House Financial Services Committee and Senate Committee  on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs so that Congress can monitor its  actions and resources made available to the public.    Finally, the bill will ensure robust government coordination to  protect consumers and investors from fraudsters looking to take  advantage of the crisis.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, when many of us think of 5G technology, we immediately  think of our cell phones. What many of us do not think about is the  impact 5G will have on the global economy once the technology is  deployed.   Fifth generation cellular technology, or 5G, will truly transform the  way we live. It has the power to fuel self-driving autonomous vehicles,  increase the use of artificial intelligence, replace Wi-Fi and  broadband, and provide speeds expected to be as fast as 100 times  greater than current 4G technology. Once widespread, 5G will touch  nearly every aspect of our lives.   As with any new technology, there is now a global race for 5G market  share. In this global race to 5G, it is not just economic challenges we  face. There are also great national security concerns from foreign bad  actors who seek to exploit the technology. This is why the United  States must have sound policy when it comes to financing and protecting  wireless technologies around the world.   My legislation before the House today, the Promoting Secure 5G Act,  would establish a U.S. policy at all international financial  institutions, including the IMF and World Bank. This policy would  require all countries seeking any financing from those institutions for  any purpose to prove their 5G network is secure.   Securing multilateral financing for 5G technology is the first step  in facilitating equitable competition in the global economy. This will  eliminate backdoor vulnerabilities that private companies and other  nations may seek to exploit. One of the biggest offenders is Huawei, a  Chinese-based company with direct links to China's Communist Party.   It is not just the U.S. that shares these concerns regarding the  security of 5G technology. Recently, the U.K. reversed course and  outright banned Huawei by 2027. France announced it will no longer  renew licenses for Huawei. Denmark and Singapore have taken steps to  avoid the company, and India is moving in the same direction with the  potential of an outright ban in the near future.   Our intelligence community has repeatedly warned of the consequences  of handing over the world's 5G systems to Huawei and the CCP. We would  be wise to heed their warning.   Combating aggression from the Chinese Communist Party will take a  whole-of-government approach, and my Promoting Secure 5G Act is a good  first step to ensuring every nation conforms to the standards of the  global economy when it comes to 5G technology.   I want to thank Ranking Member McHenry and my other colleagues who  have joined me in this effort.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation to  ensure the secure and competitive deployment of 5G technology around  the world, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill,  and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6294.   Back in the early days of COVID-19, the Republicans on the Committee  on Financial Services anticipated some of the biggest threats the virus  posed and moved to protect those who were most vulnerable.  Representative Tipton introduced H.R. 6294 so that the Department of  Health and Human Services and the Department of Housing and Urban  Development would be better able to coordinate and target treatment to  folks like the elderly and the disabled. We knew that these were going  to be the highest risk, most vulnerable populations affected by the  pandemic and wanted to make sure States had all the tools they needed  to protect these citizens.   Sadly, in some places, we saw the disastrous effect of what happened  when local officials failed to act quickly to make sure our seniors  were kept safe from the preventable spread of the pandemic. To ensure  that we do not repeat such mistakes, H.R. 6294 would allow for data- sharing between HHS and HUD regarding the location of section 202  affordable housing properties while keeping residents' personal  information protected.   Mr. Speaker, I commend Representative Tipton for his leadership in  this area, and I will miss working with him. This is a commonsense bill  to cut through red tape and allow for greater assistance to vulnerable  populations.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support it, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   