 ROSE of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, I rise in strong  opposition to this partisan impeachment spectacle that seeks to  accomplish what President Trump's opponents failed to do at the ballot  box in 2016. The bedrock of this country is our Constitution. Article  II of the United States Constitution grants our President the necessary  authority to deal with other nations and their leaders.   This President was lawfully elected by the American people. When  President Trump was sworn into office, he assumed the role of our  nation's Commander in Chief. And, as Commander in Chief, he has done  absolutely nothing illegal. The impeachment vote today is a sad  continuation of the partisan political efforts to undercut President  Trump since he was elected in 2016, if not before.   The House majority has wrongly denied President Trump the fair  process that was afforded to President Clinton and President Nixon at  every stage of their investigations. I am also profoundly disappointed  that the House Judiciary Committee refused to hold a minority day  hearing in compliance with Clause 2(j)(1) of Rule XI of the Rules of  the House, which the Democratic Majority earlier voted to approve.   It should also greatly concern all Americans that co-equal subpoena  authority was not granted to the minority during this hyper-partisan  process. Co-equal subpoena authority for both the minority and majority  has been the backbone of past impeachment investigations. My bill,  House Resolution 667, would have granted this co-equal subpoena  authority to the minority and majority, and l am disappointed that the  Speaker never let it be considered by the House.   House Democrats said that it was critical to move forward in an  historically fast, hasty manner. Yet, after passing both Articles of  Impeachment on December 18, 2019, their sense of urgency died. The  House Democratic Majority has waited nearly a month to transmit the  ``urgent'' Articles of Impeachment to the Senate. This change in tone  only underscores what Tennesseans knew all along: this is a partisan  stunt, motivated purely by political reasons, that mocks our Founding  Fathers' great caution in undertaking decisions of this magnitude and  the safeguards they designed for our Republic.   It is shameful that the majority has waited nearly a month to bring  House Resolution 798 up for a vote. I am deeply alarmed that this delay  by House Democrats was a thinly veiled power grab. Our Founding Fathers  envisioned this scenario during the dawn of our Republic: one chamber  of Congress trying to control the other. In our Founders' wisdom, a  system of checks and balances was put into place to prevent the coup  d'etat that House Democrats attempted. Because of these safeguards,  House Democrats ultimately failed. I applaud the Senators from both  sides of the aisle who stood against this grave injustice and demanded  that the House send over the Articles of Impeachment to the Senate  without delay.   Instead of working to secure our southern border, protect religious  freedom, and rein in out-of-control government spending, my colleagues  on the other side of the aisle have been laser-focused on removing  President Trump from office for purely political reasons.   I want to remind those who are leading this ridiculous waste of  taxpayer resources that there will be another election in 2020. The  next election is the avenue for deciding a new president, not this.  Throughout the history of this country, impeachment has been a rare  process. With this impeachment, I worry that in the next 230 years of  our Republic, it will be rare that a president is not impeached.   On behalf of my fellow Tennesseans, and on behalf of my constituents  in the Sixth District of Tennessee, I stand with our President and  Commander in Chief and will vote ``no'' to appoint and authorize  managers for the impeachment trial of President Trump.    ROSE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, today, on behalf of the  tens of millions of voices forever lost to abortion since Roe v. Wade,  I come before this body to mourn the tragic loss of life our country  has experienced in this last 47 years.   The Tennesseeans I represent overwhelmingly support the right to  life; and like most folks in Tennessee's Sixth Congressional District,  I firmly believe that life begins at conception. Throughout my first  term in Congress, I have been proud to fight for the children still to  come who cannot speak for themselves.   As a father, I am especially touched by the solemn and joyous  responsibility our Heavenly Father entrusts to us through the blessing  of little ones. Even one child's life shortened before reaching his or  her own God-given potential is a tragedy, and yet that has happened  tens of millions of times in the last 47 years since Roe v. Wade was  decided in the Supreme Court.   Heartbreakingly, Norma McCorvey, also known as Jane Roe, was a real  mother, and, ultimately, she was a real advocate for the unborn. Later  in her life, Ms. McCorvey came to faith in God and joined the pro-life  community in believing that every child's life is worth protecting.   Ms. McCorvey is no longer with us, but her story lives on. Today I  call on my colleagues to search their souls, just as Ms. McCorvey--Jane  Roe--did and choose life.   Who are we to decide which precious children designed by God have the  chance to live on this Earth and which do not?   Our country was founded with this belief underscored: ``that all men  are created equal, that they are endowed by their creator with certain  unalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit  of happiness.''   With the words of the Declaration of Independence in mind, I signed  onto an amicus brief supporting life in the upcoming June Medical  Services v. Gee Supreme Court case. It is well past time for the  Supreme Court to uphold the right to life and overrule Roe v. Wade.   Ms. McCorvey--Jane Roe--agreed, and, overwhelmingly, so do the  Tennesseans that I represent.   In this new decade, may our country's legacy be of life and a new  generation of hope.   