 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4866, the  National Centers of Excellence in Continuous Pharmaceutical  Manufacturing Act.   Continuous pharmaceutical manufacturing is the future of medicine.  This bipartisan bill, which I introduced with Representative Guthrie  last year, will foster the development of continuous manufacturing  technology, a more nimble and efficient mode of pharmaceutical  production. It does this by expanding opportunities for the Food and  Drug Administration (FDA) to partner with universities across the  country that are leading these efforts and create Centers of Excellence  for Continuous Pharmaceutical Manufacturing. The partnerships created  by the legislation will help develop continuous manufacturing  technology and standardization, develop a continuous manufacturing  workforce here in the United States, and make recommendations for how  FDA, industry, and others can expand the use of continuous  manufacturing for drugs and biologics.   The COVID-19 pandemic has demonstrated how the outdated batch  manufacturing process adds to the potential for supply chain issues.  During the initial stages of the outbreak in New Jersey, I heard from  health providers in my district about their inability to access  commonly used and critically needed medication, including medication  necessary for the use of ventilators, due to surges in demand. H.R.  4866 will help prevent supply chain interruptions like these by  increasing domestic manufacturing and allowing manufacturers to more  quickly adjust to sudden shifts in demand.   As Dr. Janet Woodcock, the Director for the Center for Drug  Evaluation and Research at FDA told the Energy and Commerce  Subcommittee on Health last year, advance manufacturing technologies-- such as continuous manufacturing--can help to ``reduce the Nation's  dependence on foreign sources of [active pharmaceutical ingredients],  increase the resilience of our domestic manufacturing base, and reduce  quality issues that trigger drug shortages or recalls.''   In other words, by passing this bill and expanding continuous  manufacturing technology in the United States, we can avoid future drug  shortages and other supply chain interruptions, while bringing jobs  back to the United States. This will help those on the frontlines  battling COVID-19 and the patients who are depending on them.   I want to thank Representative Guthrie for working with me on this  bill and demonstrating the collegial and bipartisan spirit of the  Energy and Commerce Committee. I urge all members to support this  important legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my strong support  for H.R. 2271, the Scarlett's Sunshine on Unexpected Death Act. This  legislation is critical to improving our understanding of sudden  unexpected infant death.   Tragically, sudden unexpected infant death is the leading cause of  death for infants from one month to one year of age.   As we discuss the Scarlett's Sunshine on Unexpected Death Act, I want  to recognize all the parents who have turned their unimaginable grief  into progress and whom I have had the immense pleasure of working with  throughout the years.   This effort would not have been possible without parents like Laura  Crandel, who tragically lost her daughter Maria, and John Kahan who  lost his son Aaron to sudden unexpected infant death.   I have been working on the issue of sudden unexplained infant death  and sudden unexplained death in childhood for years now. In 2014, I was  fortunate enough to stand shoulder to shoulder with courageous moms  like Laura as President Obama signed the Sudden Unexpected Death Data  Enhancement and Awareness Act into law.   Today's bill builds upon these longstanding efforts by further  strengthening our existing understanding of sudden unexpected deaths in  infants and children, facilitating greater data collection and analysis  to improve prevention efforts, and supporting grieving parents and  families who have lost their son or daughter.   This bill takes a comprehensive approach to addressing one of the  most tragic issues facing families today, and will help develop and  deploy critical services to support them in their time of need. I am  proud of the efforts in this bill to not only further the science but  also support the families who have been impacted. While nothing can  cure their pain, these programs will support families in their darkest  hours.   I will continue to work on this issue until no more parents lose  their child to SIDS, and I urge my colleagues to support this critical  legislation.   