 Mr. President, today, I rise to urge my colleagues to  take a stand for civil rights and basic financial fairness and join us  in defense of the Community Reinvestment Act. I appreciate my  distinguished colleagues from Delaware and the ranking Democrat on the  Banking Committee, Senator Brown, for their remarks.   For more than four decades now, this core civil rights law has helped  ensure that banks that do business in our low- and moderate-income  communities actually invest--invest--in those communities. Before the  Community Reinvestment Act, or CRA, as it is called, banks often  avoided lending to customers and businesses in the lower income  neighborhoods where they opened branches. This practice was known as  redlining because, back then, banks would draw literal red lines around  the communities that they did not want to lend money to. Not  surprisingly, the communities that were redlined were African American,  Latino, and low-income communities.    In essence, they were content to take the deposits from low- and  moderate-income families, people of color, small businesses, and farms,  but then they turned around and denied those very customers mortgages,  loans, and other lines of credit.   The Community Reinvestment Act was enacted to put an end to that  redlining and spur greater investment in our minority communities and  lower income neighborhoods. But even today, we are still grappling with  the socioeconomic and racial consequences of this systemic financial  discrimination.  [[Page S6057]]  Many of our most impoverished neighborhoods are the same neighborhoods  that were redlined decades ago. It is one of the reasons that the  generational wealth of Black and Brown Americans remains drastically  lesser than those of their White counterparts. That is why we have to  reject the Trump administration's proposed rule changes to the  Community Reinvestment Act.   The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency's--the OCC--CRA new  rule would result in significantly fewer loans, investments, and  services to low- and moderate-income communities, and it would permit  banks to avoid businesses and investments in these neighborhoods. In  essence, it would lead to a new form of modern-day redlining, all with  the Federal Government's blessing. It is no wonder why civil rights  groups, including the NAACP and the Leadership Council on Civil and  Human Rights, have fought so hard against this rule. They do not want  banks to be given the green light to discriminate against minority and  low-income consumers. Make no mistake--industry stakeholders and  regulators are just as divided over the Trump administration's actions.  That is why, in fact, neither the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation  nor the Federal Reserve has joined in this effort. Neither of them has  joined in this effort.   That is why I urge our colleagues to do the right thing and repeal  this harmful new CRA rule.   In a year where the entrenched racial and economic disparities that  have long plagued our Nation have been exacerbated and on full display,  the last thing we need to do is to steer money away from Black and  Brown families, homeowners, consumers, and businesses. As a matter of  fact, in the midst of this pandemic, we can see the consequences to  those communities that are often at the frontline of mortgage  foreclosure and losing their homes.   I urge my colleagues to join me in rejecting this new CRA rule. This  is about protecting civil rights. This is about protecting economic  opportunity for all. And this is about continuing to do the hard work  of reversing the discrimination, the financial disparities, and the  socioeconomic injustices that have plagued our Nation for far too long.   With that, I yield the floor.   