 Mr. President, I rise today in support of the nomination  of Judge Amy Coney Barrett to be an Associate Justice of the U.S.  Supreme Court.   Before I begin, I would be remiss if I didn't acknowledge the reason  for this vacancy. Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg dedicated almost three  decades of her life to serving on the highest Court, and she will  always be remembered as a talented attorney and jurist. We appreciate  Justice Ginsburg and her service to our Nation.   Soon the Senate will consider the nomination of Judge Amy Coney  Barrett to serve as Associate Justice on the Supreme Court. Judge  Barrett has an outstanding record of accomplishment, as well as a  strong record of upholding the law rather than legislating from the  bench.   Judge Barrett graduated summa cum laude, first in her class, from  Notre Dame Law School. She then clerked for Judge Silberman on the DC  Circuit and Justice Scalia on the U.S. Supreme Court   She currently serves as a circuit court judge for the Seventh  Circuit. During her time on the Seventh Circuit, she has written 79  majority opinions. She has also published 18 law review articles. I  wanted to take a moment to mention this list of accomplishments to  highlight how remarkable she is as an attorney and as a jurist.   I had the opportunity to sit down with Judge Barrett to discuss her  judicial philosophy. She is an originalist and a textualist. Her  traditional philosophy ensures her own personal beliefs and her views  will not impact her role as a jurist.   As a Senator, I strive to ensure we confirm judges who will be  impartial in their rulings and will take the facts presented and apply  the law to those facts.   During our conversation, we discussed the principle of precedent and  how precedent is important for judicial structure. Judge Barrett  believes that, as a judge, her main duty is to the U.S. Constitution  and to ensuring that all judicial opinions uphold the rights, freedoms,  and principles established in this essential document.   Judge Barrett's judicial approach ensures she will be fair and  impartial toward every plaintiff who comes before her and, at the same  time, that our most vital document--our Constitution--is upheld and  echoed in every judicial opinion she makes.   Judges should never have preconceived notions, and they should not be  able to provide a prediction or any sort of hint as to how they will  decide a future or hypothetical case. A judge's judicial philosophy  ensures they have the proper tools at their disposal for reaching  decisions. Judges' decisions impact lives, and it is important for our  jurists to be fair, level-minded, and impartial at all times. That is  why having someone like Judge Barrett on the Supreme Court is best for  our Nation.   Another topic I discussed with Judge Barrett was the importance of  upholding our Federal trust and treaty obligations to our Tribes. As  chairman of the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs, I understand the  importance of  [[Page S6352]]  upholding these responsibilities. Judge Barrett said that she will  objectively look at every case that comes before her, will apply the  law to the facts at hand, and will do her part to uphold the Federal  trust and treaty responsibility.   Judge Barrett has not only established an outstanding record of  accomplishment on the bench, but she has also demonstrated her deep  understanding of the law as a professor at Notre Dame Law School.  Throughout her career, Judge Barrett has shown a deep respect for the  Constitution, as well as a strong commitment to upholding the law.   Judge Barrett is a great choice to join the bench of the Supreme  Court. Her qualifications, judicial approach, and commitment to  upholding the Constitution will benefit my home State of North Dakota,  as well as our entire Nation. Judge Barrett will be a strong, fair, and  impartial Justice, and I look forward to supporting her nomination.   The Supreme Court is foundational to the checks and balances  structure of our government--something that the good Senator from  Mississippi just talked about very eloquently. Having an independent  judicial body is crucial to the protection of our democracy.   Justices of the Supreme Court hold the essential role of being the  final decisionmaker of disputes in the United States. Such power comes  with much responsibility, which is why selecting the best person for  this job is critical for our country. We must have Justices on our  Supreme Court who uphold the law and interpret the Constitution in the  way it was written.   Again, I appreciate President Trump's nomination of Judge Barrett,  and I look forward to supporting her confirmation to serve as an  Associate Justice on the Supreme Court.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I rise today to honor former U.S. Senator  from North Dakota, Mark Andrews, who passed away earlier this month at  the age of 94.   Mark was a good friend, a strong leader, and a dedicated public  servant. It is appropriate that we take this time to remember his life  and his accomplishments.   He was a lifelong North Dakotan, only moving away for 2 years while  attending the U.S. Military Academy at West Point. After completing his  education at North Dakota State University--home of the Bison--Mark  went to work and operated the family farm in the Red River Valley, as  both his father and his grandfather had before him. So it shows you how  long his family has been on that land, and it is truly--I know the  Presiding Officer has been there--a beautiful farm. It is some of the  best farmland, really, in the country, in the world, and in the Red  River Valley   As a farmer, he raised a variety of crops. He operated a cattle  feeding lot, and he contributed to various agricultural organizations.  He was very involved with those organizations.   In addition, he served as the director of the Garrison Conservancy  District from 1955 to 1964. I remember that. My father and Mark Andrews  were very good friends. My dad liked Mark very much and respected him  very much. They shared that vision for the Garrison Conservancy  project, the Garrison Diversion. They really had this vision of  irrigating hundreds of thousands of acres, if not millions of acres of  land in North Dakota.   You know, my dad shared that dream Mark had that that would just  benefit agriculture so much across North Dakota in a big, big way. It  really was an amazing vision and would have been remarkable had they  been able to complete it. Mark Andrews, for the rest of his life, was  truly just committed to that project. He always shared that vision of  Garrison Diversion. I agreed. From the time I was a young boy, I can  remember my father describing it and describing Mark's leadership and  just what a wonderful thing it would be and would have been for the  State of North Dakota. So I will always remember that very vividly, as  I know the Presiding Officer does as well. Mark Andrews was also  president of the North Dakota Crop Improvement and Seed Association as  well.   These life and work experiences served as the foundation, really, for  his time in Congress, where he would represent North Dakota for nearly  24 years--24 years of service in Congress--in the House and, of course,  in this body. In 1963, he was elected to the U.S. House of  Representatives during a special election, and he served in the House  until 1981.   On January 3, 1981, he was sworn in as a U.S. Senator from North  Dakota, serving until January 3, 1987. During his time in the Senate,  Mark was a tireless advocate for men and women in uniform and  understood the importance of a strong national defense. Again, the  Presiding Officer and I follow in that legacy, with the Presiding  Officer on Armed Services and my service on Defense Appropriations.  Mark was always very, very committed to our military and did a great  job supporting not only the military in North Dakota but for our Nation  as well.   As a farmer himself, he will be remembered for his hard work on  behalf of agriculture. You couldn't talk to Mark without agriculture  coming up in some way, shape, or form. Even if you weren't talking  about agriculture, the analogies that he used and his words and  verbiage always had that agrarian aspect to them. It was imbued,  really, in his personality. He always worked very hard on behalf of ag.  His efforts to help producers through the tough times, the downturns,  and the challenges that he had in farm country were very, very  important. Of course, he understood it very well. He was a lifelong  farmer. I mean, he knew it and he lived it, so he understood what he  needed to do to help our great farmers and ranchers across this  country.   Senator Andrews' legacy also included strong support of Tribal  communities, and he served as the chairman of the Senate Committee on  Indian Affairs. I am now very honored to hold that same position.   Throughout his years of service, Senator Andrews demonstrated  dedication to the people of North Dakota and an absolute commitment to  do all he could for our State and, of course, for our Nation as well.  We are deeply grateful for his work, and we remain deeply grateful for  all the contributions that he made through his service for our State.   At the same time, he was joined by his best friend and wife Mary in  building this legacy. She, too, passed away earlier this year. So on  behalf of myself and my wife Mikey, we extend our deepest condolences  to the Andrews family, to all their loved ones, and to their friends.   Along with the Presiding Officer, I am introducing a resolution  recognizing and honoring Senator Andrews' public service, which we  expect will soon pass the Senate. I know colleagues here remember Mark  very, very fondly. As a matter of fact, when I was first sworn in, Mark  came down and joined me and was there with me when I was originally  sworn in as a Senator.   I note that Senator Cramer is presiding, as I mentioned in my  remarks, and I know how he knew and liked Mark and how much they worked  together. The Presiding Officer had a lot of wonderful shared history  with him.   So, at this time, I will yield the floor and exchange positions with  the Presiding Officer so that he can speak on behalf of our friend and  colleague Senator Mark Andrews.   With that, I yield the floor.   