 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2639, the  Strength in Diversity Act.   I thank Congresswoman Marcia Fudge and Chairman  Bobby Scott for  their leadership and for affording me the opportunity to speak today,  and I am proud to support this important step toward addressing the  legacy of segregation in America's schools.   ``Segregation distorts the soul,'' Martin Luther King, Jr. wrote in  1936 from a Birmingham jail. Yet 66 years after the Supreme Court  unanimously held in Brown v. Board of Education that racial segregation  of children in public schools is unconstitutional, segregation remains  a reality for many of America's children. It is a persistent stain on  the soul of our country.   The Strength in Diversity Act incentivizes inclusive educational  environments and promotes racial and socioeconomic diversity in schools  as instrumental to the education and development of every single child.  This act encourages school districts to study the effects of  segregation, evaluate their current policies, and implement evidence- based solutions to deepen diversity in their schools through inclusive  policies.   We all wish that racism was a thing of the past. It is not. We must  actively confront our Nation's sins, past and present. We must confront  the fear and the hatred embedded in our institutions, embracing, once  and for all, the strength of our diversity.   America can do better for our children, and we must. And it is  important to remember, discrimination robs the victim of the ability to  become all that they can, of their full potential. But it also robs the  entire community of what that person could contribute and do, free of  the pernicious discrimination that is at the heart of this legislation.   So I urge all of my colleagues to vote in support of H.R. 2639.   I thank Congresswoman Fudge and Chairman Scott for their  extraordinary leadership.   I am really proud that this bill is on the floor today, and I hope my  Republican colleagues will embrace their responsibility to help end  racism in this country and in our schools and be sure that every child  in America has the same opportunity to realize their full potential.   