 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, Missourians and many of our closest  neighbors waiting for the life-changing moment that happens when you  have a liver transplant now have to have one more hurdle in the process  that they have to go through to make that happen. There is a new, and I  think terribly flawed, organ allocation policy.   Senator Moran and I have really led an effort to slow this down. We  have both been the chairman of the Health and Human Services  Appropriations Committee. We understand how that agency is supposed to  work and how some of these healthcare issues are supposed to be  handled.   Frankly, I don't think either one of us think this one has been  handled in the right way. With the policy we see today, nearly half the  country is disadvantaged by a new policy that has been put in place.   It used to be that when someone donated a liver, those organs were  matched with the transplant candidates, first at the local level, then  regionally, and finally at the national level. It is my belief, and I  think Senator Moran's belief, that when you know your neighbors are  going to benefit from that decision, you are more likely to make the  decision that you want to be part of that organ donor community. In the  neighborhood where we live and where the Presiding Officer lives, I  think people have approached this in a pretty dynamic way, wanting to  be part of that.   In Missouri, 17 percent of people are organ donors or at least  willing to be organ donors. Other States in the Midwest and the South  and, frankly, the rural parts of the country just simply have the  highest donation rates of people who are willing to be an organ donor.  That is not the case everywhere. In New York, for example, 32 percent  of people are organ donors. There is a big difference between 73  percent and 32 percent. I don't know how much of that difference  relates to the fact that in Missouri and Kansas and Arkansas and other  places, people look at this and they think: If I am willing to be an  organ donor, then people I know--people whom my kids go to church with,  go to school with, people we go to church with, people we see in the  grocery store--have a better chance, if they have that crisis in their  life, to benefit from it than others do.   On February 4, a new policy went into effect that will take livers  that were specifically donated by Missourians and allocate them to  other parts of the country. You will no longer know, if you are an  organ donor, that the people who live closest to you have the greatest  chance of getting that organ that you have been willing to donate. The  change in liver allocation means that roughly 32 percent fewer liver  transplants will happen in Missouri than will happen otherwise.   Senator Moran is joining me here on the floor. We have both talked  about this a lot. We had the group come into our offices. They are  supposed to be making this system work. In Missouri, we have six  transplant centers. We currently have 109 people on the transplant  list--10 of them are younger than 18 years old--and they simply will  not have as good an opportunity or likelihood to have a transplanted,  lifesaving liver than they would have had before.   It is not just Missourians who suffer. As much as 40 percent of the  country will see a decrease in what was available to them. In my view,  this was not decided by transplant experts. Most of them have talked to  us, in fact, about their concerns about having to transport--in this  case again, livers--longer distances, having to take more time and  expense to get that organ than they would otherwise.   It was decided by what appears to be an unaccountable government  contractor--at least unaccountable to us. We have talked to them about  this. We have been trying to make a case that makes sense and trying to  make them not rush through this, but they did. The contractor in this  case serves as the administrator of the organ allocation system and is  the determiner of who gets the organ. It seems to me that there is a  conflict there. Contractors held a contract for nearly 35 years. Again,  it seems to me that competition might be a good thing here.   This policy became a policy without due process, without  transparency, and I think without fully evaluating the consequences. I  think it was rushed. In fact, even the Department of Health and Human  Services--I will mention again, Senator Moran and I have chaired their  appropriating committee, and we shared our concerns on this. They  failed to fully exercise the authority they had.   I turn to Senator Moran now. I think we can do that based on how we  asked  [[Page S1016]]  for this time. I join him as he talks about his concerns and my  concerns. We had people come to us and talk about this and how  important it is. I am glad to join him on the floor today.   I am disappointed for people in both of our States and in our part of  the country, really, who are going to be disadvantaged by this new  policy, where significant donors where we live are going to be having  their donations sent to States where people simply don't sign up to be  part of this process. If they did, there would have been no interest in  changing the other system.    Mr. President, this policy is shortsighted and wrong, and  it was rushed to its implementation. There was no reason for any of  those things to happen.   I yield the floor.   