 Mr. President, on January 20, 2017, at 12:19 p.m., the  Washington Post ran a story with this headline: ``The campaign to  impeach President Trump has begun.'' Donald Trump had been President  for only 19 minutes when that headline ran.   As we have since learned, it has been made abundantly clear that many  of our Democratic colleagues simply don't recognize the President as  having been legitimately elected, and they have been doing everything  they can to remove him from office since he was first elected in 2016.   This has now taken a new form, that of impeachment--an impeachment  that occurred 27 days ago when the House voted for two Articles of  Impeachment. Their impeachment inquiry lasted 12 weeks, but it became  clear that Speaker Pelosi and Chairman Schiff and Chairman Nadler were  in a big hurry to get those Articles of Impeachment voted out of the  House before the holidays. In the end, only the Democrats voted for  these partisan Articles of Impeachment. Then the Speaker and the  Democrats in the House declared victory.   That is when the breakneck pace of the impeachment process came to a  screeching halt. It appears Speaker Pelosi got cold feet when she  realized the President would be afforded a fair trial in the Senate.  That was not good enough for her. When we offered President Trump the  same terms that President Clinton received during his trial, that  wasn't good enough for Speaker Pelosi, for she wanted guarantees from  the Senate. The Speaker of the House flatly refused to send the  Articles of Impeachment to the Senate in order for her to somehow gain  leverage over Senate trial procedures--a responsibility that falls far  outside her job description. She was seeking assurances from the  majority leader that he would redo the House's shoddy investigative  work--something that is not part of our job description under the  Constitution.    After weeks of holding the articles hostage with nothing to show for  it, the Speaker has, apparently, finally caved. In holding the  articles, she managed to accomplish something all too uncommon these  days: she brought together Republicans and Democrats from both  Chambers. Unfortunately, for the Speaker, this bipartisan, bicameral  chorus of voices stood in firm opposition to her decision to withhold  the articles.   Last week, she finally announced that she would be sending over the  articles this week, and it now looks like a vote is scheduled for  Wednesday, tomorrow, where impeachment managers will be identified, and  the process of sending it to the Senate will begin in earnest. In a  letter to her House colleagues on Friday, Speaker Pelosi indicated she  would be sending the articles this week, and it looks like we are  rapidly closing on the start of that trial.   As the majority leader has made clear from the beginning, this should  be a far cry from the partisan impeachment process we saw in the House.  We simply don't want to repeat the circuslike, partisan rush to  impeachment that we saw in the House. Our responsibilities as Senators  is to sit as a court--literally, as a jury--to consider the case that  is being presented by the impeachment managers in the House as well as  the President's lawyers.   Despite the Speaker's insistence, we, the Senate--the jury--are not  going to be handpicking the witnesses before the trial begins. In no  courtroom in America does the jury decide how the case before them will  be tried. That is decided by the parties to the lawsuit, whether it is  the prosecution in the case of a criminal case and the defense lawyer  or the plaintiff and defense counsel in a civil case. The jury's job is  to sit and listen and to weigh the evidence and to reach a verdict.   The Senate will--instead of the process Speaker Pelosi is advocating  for--follow the only modern precedent we have, and that is the Clinton  impeachment trial. If it was good enough for President Clinton, it is  good enough for President Trump. We are going to follow that precedent  and provide for some order and fairness in the process and, again, not  repeat the circus we saw in the House.   Just as we did in 1999, in the Clinton impeachment, we will begin  with opening arguments. The impeachment managers, Speaker Pelosi's  lawyers, will come over and present their case and argue their case.  Then we will turn to the President's lawyers who will have a chance to  respond. They can refer to some of the testimony of the 17 witnesses  who testified during the House impeachment inquiry. They could offer  additional evidence for the Senate to consider.   This is not a question of witnesses or no witnesses. That is a  blatant misrepresentation by those who are trying to somehow work the  public's understanding of exactly how this will proceed. As in the  Clinton impeachment trial, all 100 Senators will have an opportunity to  hear the case from both sides before making a decision whether we, the  jury, want to have additional witnesses presented. That is what  happened in the Clinton case, and that is what should happen with  President Trump.   We will have an opportunity to ask written questions, which will be  transmitted to the Chief Justice, who will then put those questions to  the lawyers representing the impeachment managers and the President.  Then we will be able to get information from them based on those  questions.   The more I thought about it--ordinarily, in a trial you would have  disputed facts, and then you would have the law applied to the facts as  found by the jury, but the more and more I have heard about this  impeachment inquiry, the more and more I am inclined to believe that  the facts are not disputed. If the facts are not really disputed, why  would you need additional witnesses?   There are people with opinions, there are people who draw inferences,  and there are people who draw their own conclusions, but in the end,  that is our job, not the witnesses' job. The witnesses' job is to  provide the facts, should they be disputed, and it is our job then to  decide whether this meets the constitutional standard of treason,  bribery, or high crimes and misdemeanors.   What I find so amazing about these impeachment articles is neither  one of them claim that President Trump committed a crime. Unlike the  Clinton impeachment, where he was charged with perjury--with lying  under oath--President Trump is not charged with any crime.   In the first Article of Impeachment, basically, what we have is a  disagreement in the way in which the President handled aid voted by  Congress that would then be given to the Government of the Ukraine.  That is what this impeachment is about. This is not about high crimes  and misdemeanors.   This is about political differences. This is about stylistic  differences. This  [[Page S175]]  is where diplomats and others disagree with the way the President  handled himself. Well, fair enough, you are entitled to your opinion,  but that doesn't make impeachment the appropriate remedy.   Here we are 11 months more or less until the next general election.  I, for one, think it is dangerous to have 535 Members of Congress  essentially be asked to convict and remove a President 11 months before  the next general election; in other words, to substitute our views with  those of the voters, the American people. I think that is very  dangerous. If it succeeds here, I guarantee this will not be the last  time.   Unfortunately, the House has normalized this concept of impeachment  essentially for political differences. That is a dangerous concept, and  it would be a dangerous precedent if we were to accept it.   This is the third time in American history--the history of our entire  country--where this process will go forward in the Senate. We need to  be very careful, very sober, very serious, and very deliberate in how  we conduct ourselves and how we conduct this trial.   Unfortunately, Speaker Pelosi has violated her own admonition when,  in March of 2019, she said that impeachment is too divisive, and it is  just not worth it unless it is bipartisan, unless it is compelling.  Well, this impeachment is neither bipartisan nor compelling. Speaker  Pelosi apparently got stampeded by the more radical members of her  caucus into this position, which now she is trying to find some face- saving way out. That is what this is about.   In the end, we know the politics, unfortunately, will continue in the  Senate. We know that under the present circumstances, it is highly  unlikely that 67 Senators, based on the record we know now, would vote  to convict and remove the President. So what is all this posturing and  grandstanding about with regard to witnesses or no witnesses--which I  said earlier is a false choice. There will be witnesses, and there will  be evidence. We are going to let the parties present it, and we are  going to listen and make a decision.   This is about the Democratic leader trying to put incumbent Senators  who are on the ballot in 2020 in a tough position. That is what this is  all about.   In the end, this is not about President Trump. This is about who is  going to maintain the majority in the Senate--whether Republicans will  or whether the Democratic leader will accomplish his life's dream and  become the next majority leader. That is what this is about.   Well, unfortunately, the Speaker's senseless delay tactics have  robbed us all of the valuable time that we could have spent conducting  this trial and moving on to more constructive business. We are waiting  for the Speaker to deliver the articles, but in the meantime we are not  sitting around twiddling our thumbs.   