 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4979, the  Rural STEM Education Act. I am proud to be an original cosponsor of  this legislation.   As one of only two Members of Congress with a Ph.D. in science, I  understand the importance of teaching science, technology, engineering,  mathematics, and computer science at an early age.   Quality STEM education is essential to train the next generation of  American minds. Fostering children's natural curiosity is critical to  expanding their interest in STEM.   More than 9 million students in the United States attend rural  schools, so investing in rural areas represents one of the most  significant opportunities for STEM education.   H.R. 4979 will support research and development to identify the  barriers rural students face in accessing high-quality STEM education,  and it will develop innovative solutions to improve rural students'  participation and advancement in the STEM fields.   In a time when our rural students are facing more barriers than ever  before because of COVID, this bill can play an important role in  helping these students remain in the STEM pipeline.   With the shift to online learning in recent months, it is more  important than ever that we invest in the best practices and the  scalability of online STEM education courses for our rural communities.   In addition to examining opportunities for online education, this  legislation also promotes the importance of place-based learning.  Place-based learning is a tremendous tool to broaden participation by  rural students in STEM.   It uses local heritage, geography, and opportunities to study STEM.  By connecting them with the science that is right outside their front  door, rural students will have hands-on learning opportunities, even  while the courses remain online.   I would be remiss if I did not mention one of the greatest barriers  our rural students face, which is broadband access. Over 20 million  Americans lack access to broadband, and the majority live in these  rural areas. This bill prioritizes connectivity for all students and  supports technologies to deploy broadband to these underserved rural  areas.   We must also recognize the key role educators play, especially rural  teachers who teach multiple grade levels within a STEM discipline. H.R.  4979 provides rural STEM educators with resources and experiences that  they can bring back to the classroom and use with their students.   I would like to thank Ranking Member Lucas for his leadership on this  bill. By improving access to STEM opportunities in rural schools, the  Rural STEM Education Act will ensure that communities in less populated  areas are not overlooked and that the intellectual power of our next  generation continues to grow.   I encourage my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this bill.   