 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Smith for his hard work and  for what he does on a daily basis to protect the lives of the unborn.   Mr. Speaker, I solemnly stand before you today on the 47th  anniversary of Roe v. Wade, a decision that has corrupted the very  foundation of our unalienable right to life as citizens of this great  country.   Life is a precious gift from our creator, from conception to natural  death. I have been dedicated to protecting the rights of the unborn  since the day I was sworn into Congress. It is a fight that I vow to  continue until the last day that I serve in this body.   As a proud grandfather of 17 beautiful grandchildren, the sanctity of  life  [[Page H283]]  is cherished and personal. Let me give an example.    Just a few months ago, September 25, our 17th grandchild was born 3  months premature. His name is Warren, and we were unsure if he would  survive. But it is by the grace of God, the love and support of family  and friends, and the heroic work of the great doctors and nurses that  Warren is still with us today.   After more than 100 days in the neonatal intensive care unit, Warren  was finally able to leave the hospital last week. Each moment we spend  with him is a true miracle that I will never take for granted.   Warren was, to give an example, 1 pound, 15 ounces when he was born.  You could see the elements of his personality from the very beginning.  He was a fighter.   It is a daily reminder that the lives of millions of other children,  the same size as Warren when he was born, have been allowed to be cut  short due to the ruling of Roe v. Wade. It is truly unfathomable to  think that the rule of law in this great country permits the  intentional killing of the most vulnerable population.   While most Americans agree it is morally wrong to end an unborn human  life by abortion, it is also morally wrong to take taxpayer dollars to  promote abortion at home or abroad, as has been stated. Yet in their  recently released annual report, Planned Parenthood boasts spending  $617 million on the mass murder of over 345,000 children in this  country in just 1 year. That is roughly 947 premeditated killings each  day by the billion-dollar abortion business.   These statistics are not only alarming but, quite frankly, they are  grotesque. They are among the many reasons why I will not only continue  to support commonsense pro-life legislation, such as the bipartisan  Born-Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act, but will also march in  solidarity with millions of Americans nationwide and hundreds of South  Carolinians from the district I serve in honor of those who weren't  given that chance that so many of us have been given.   On this dark anniversary, let us unite and rededicate ourselves to  protecting the unborn.   