 Mr. President, in February, a bipartisan majority of the  Senate voted to affirm our constitutional authority to declare war and  to prohibit the President from starting a war with Iran. In March, the  House of Representatives also cast a bipartisan vote to affirm that  Congress, and Congress alone, has the authority to declare war.   The President has vetoed that Iran War Powers resolution, rebuking  the will of Congress, the will of the American people, and the  directive of the U.S. Constitution.   It is now up to Congress to reassert our authority, to override this  veto, and to make good on the words of article 2, section 8 of the  Constitution that gives Congress the sole power to ``declare War''-- because the last thing we need right now, at this time of grave crisis  for our Nation, is a crisis of our own making in the Middle East--a  protracted, unconstitutional conflict with Iran.   Some would like to think that there is no chance that this President  would begin a war with Iran in the middle of a global pandemic, a war  that would kill Americans and Iranians alike.   Think again.   On March 11, a barrage of rockets hit an airbase north of Baghdad  housing U.S. troops, and killing two. That day marked the birthday of  Iran's General Suleimani, who was killed in January in an unprovoked  attack ordered by the President.   The attack was launched by a Shiite military group, whose leader also  had been killed during the January attack on Suleimani. However, the  Pentagon did not have solid evidence that the attack had been ordered  by the Iranian Government.   But the President's advisers, who have supported a maximum pressure  campaign that has risked military conflict with Iran, did not wait for  clear-cut evidence of Iran's involvement to try to push us closer to  war. Senior advisers to the President, including Secretary of State  Pompeo, strongly argued that the U.S. should launch a direct attack  upon Iran in retaliation.   Pentagon and military leaders pushed back against Secretary Pompeo's  call for military action inside Iran, warning that a large-scale  response within Iran's borders could draw us into a wider war with that  country.   Thankfully, these cooler heads prevailed, and the President ended up  ordering night airstrikes against the militia's outposts inside Iraq to  limit the possible death toll.   But, not satisfied with that response, Pentagon officials have  ordered the military to draw up a plan to destroy the responsible  militia group inside Iran.   However, the top U.S. commander in Iraq, LTG Robert P. White, has  reacted strongly to that directive, warning that any such campaign  could be bloody and counterproductive and risk war with Iran. He warned  any such escalation would require thousands more American troops be  sent to Iraq.   So, since March, at least twice, high level Pentagon and military  officials have warned that Trump administration officials' plans risk  war with Iran.   And, most recently, President Trump tweeted out an order to rewrite  the rules of engagement at sea to attack harassing Iranian ships. While  we condemn such harassing conduct, this is conduct the U.S. and other  nations have determined is not worth a widespread war.   With the advisers that the President surrounds himself with, like  Secretary Pompeo and Special Advisor Brian Hook, the chilling fact is  we are never far from war with Iran. The threat is ever-present, even  as coronavirus ravages our country and spreads within the military and  even when all resources of the Federal Government should be singularly  focused on fighting this pandemic, keeping Americans safe, and keeping  our economy going.   So since we are still at risk of war with Iran in the middle of this  public health and economic crisis, it is more imperative than ever that  we override the President's veto and pass the Iran War Powers  resolution once and for all.   At this point in time, it would exponentially worsen the current  disaster if we were to bungle our way into another Middle Eastern war  with Iran.   The American people don't want war with Iran. They didn't want it  before this terrible virus hit, and they certainly don't want it now  while we are in the throes of this pandemic.   But Secretary Pompeo and his hawkish allies in the administration  cannot be counted on to represent the will of the American people.   That is why we are here. And that is why the Framers of the  Constitution vested the authority to go to war with the legislative  branch and not the executive branch. They placed the authority to go to  war squarely with the people's representatives.   At this point in time, all national resources must be directed toward  the public health and economic crisis facing our Nation. Now is the  time to send a message to this President and those in his  administration who seem to be always itching to escalate the conflict,  that initiating war against Iran is not this President's or any  President's choice to make.   