 Mr. President, I want to thank the Senator from  Washington for her hard and diligent work. No one--no one--fought  harder for the State of Washington, which, like my State of New York,  is in such crisis, than the two Senators from Washington, and I thank  Senator Cantwell for her great work up and down the line. Whether it  was the government, the companies, the people of Washington State, she  was there.   Now, I say to the American people: Help is on the way--big help,  quick help. I say to the American people: Because Democrats insisted on  making this bill better, we can now call it a bill that puts workers  first, not corporations; that has a Marshall plan for hospitals; and  that has accountability, transparency, and watchdogs over much of the  lending that is in this bill.   Now, in 6 days of shuttle diplomacy and here, in these mostly now- empty corridors, we have shaped a bipartisan  [[Page S2026]]  agreement on the largest rescue package in American history, which was  sealed last night a few minutes after 1 in the morning, when Leader  McConnell and I came to the floor to announce we had an agreement.   It was not a moment of celebration but, rather, one of necessity.  Facing an unprecedented crisis, it was the duty of the Senate to  produce bipartisan legislation to send an immediate infusion of  resources to our public health systems, State and local governments,  small business and American workers.   As I said, from the start, Democrats had two main goals: a Marshall  Plan for public health workers and hospitals on the frontline and  putting workers first, not corporations.   Had we not asked for the Republican Party to recognize us by not  going forward on these first two votes, this bill would have been much  worse. Our actions made it much better--not everything we wanted but  much, much better, and we are proud as a caucus and united as a caucus  at the job we have done to improve this legislation because, after all,  this legislation will be with us not for days and not for weeks, not  even for months, but probably for years. To improve this legislation  was worth taking an extra day or two, improving it after the Republican  leader just put it down without consulting us and tried to say take it  or leave it.   Like all compromises, this bill is far from perfect, but we believe  the legislation has improved sufficiently to warrant its quick  consideration and passage. Because many Democrats and Republicans were  willing to do the serious and hard work, the bill is much better than  when we started, and starting yesterday morning, we all came together  to get this bill done. We worked in a bipartisan way, as this body  should have worked and should work, and here we are.   Once the language is ready, Democrats are ready to speed up the  consideration of the bill as much as possible. We believe the  legislation has been improved sufficiently to warrant its quick  consideration and passage. I expect the Senate can get the job done in  the new few hours.   Now, the American people watching should know what is in this bill,  which has undergone many revisions over the past 48 hours.   Many of the programs and funding authorities that are being finalized  as we speak will go to them directly, the American people, and could  make the difference in the next few months between putting food on the  table and going hungry, between surviving this period of unemployment  and financial ruin.   So let me briefly run through the major components of the bill.  First, as I mentioned, a Marshall Plan for the American medical system  is now underway. This agreement will inject $150 billion into our  hospitals and health system, headlined by a new $100 billion fund to  provide our health system with whatever it needs to fight back. The  grants in that fund will be available to everyone who is fighting  coronavirus--hospitals, nursing homes, community health centers, and  all types of Medicaid providers and safety net providers.   It includes funding for personal protective equipment, testing  supplies, a surge in our healthcare workforce, additional Medicare  funding, research into coronavirus treatments and more. The funding  will literally act as a lifeline as the number of COVID-19 cases  continues to climb.   So as I said, a Marshall Plan for the American medical system is now  underway.   Second, workers first. Millions of workers, through no fault of their  own, are losing paychecks, with no way to cover their daily expenses  and monthly bills. Coming to their rescue is a program Democrats  devised to boost unemployment insurance. We call it unemployment  insurance on steroids.   The agreement increases the maximum unemployment benefit by $600 per  week and ensures that laid-off workers, on average, will receive their  full pay for 4 months.   These benefits will be much easier to access and will be expanded to  include part-time, self-employed, freelancers, and gig economy workers.   And the new program has a second--the first job of this program: Get  money into the pockets of people who are losing their jobs through no  fault of their own, and it will come quickly and generously. But it has  a second purpose. It will also allow companies to furlough workers so  that they can stay on as employees, so when, God willing, this crisis  abates, they can quickly resume work with their employer and businesses  can reassemble.   When this crisis is over, we don't want every worker who is losing  their job to scatter to the winds, and so many good businesses, through  no fault of their own, will fall apart. By keeping them on furlough,  paying them, the businesses can reassemble quickly.   This proposal, unemployment insurance on steroids, will be the  greatest expansion of unemployed benefits in decades--a social safety  net wide enough to catch the millions of American workers who became  unemployed virtually overnight, woven with fiber strong enough to hold  them through the worst of this crisis.   As I said, we are going to pass unemployment insurance on steroids.   Third, oversight, transparency, and accountability of all loans made  to corporations. The Republican bill initially put the focus on  rescuing industry and did not do enough to protect the hundreds upon  hundreds of thousands of workers those industries employ. But as a  result of our negotiations, Democrats have secured crucial worker  protections throughout the bill as conditions to rescuing large  companies, including incentives for businesses to keep workers on the  payroll during the crisis.   For the nearly 2 million airline employees, Democrats have also  secured direct payroll payments to keep you on the job. Your collective  bargaining rights will be protected, and airlines will not be allowed  to spend any grant money on stock buybacks or CEO bonus pay for the  life of the grant plus 1 year.   Democrats also secured tough new requirements on Federal grants and  loans to any industry: no stock buybacks for the length of any loan  provided by the Treasury, plus 1 additional year; restrictions on any  increases to executive compensation; a requirement to protect  collective bargaining agreements; Democrats secured a prohibition on  any Trump Organization business or any business controlled by any other  government leaders from receiving a loan from this bill.   We compelled the creation of Treasury Department Special Inspector  General to provide oversight of Treasury loans and investments, an  accountability committee to protect taxpayer dollars, and a  congressional oversight Commission as well.   There will be much needed transparency in these requirements as well.  The Treasury Secretary must, by law, make public quickly the names and  terms of loans or other assistance to corporate borrowers. I believe it  was Justice Brandeis, who said: Sunlight is the great disinfectant. If  any of these loans look untoward, if any of these loans don't look  right, or if any of these loans are going where they shouldn't be  going, the Congress and government will know quickly, and that will put  pressure on the Treasury Secretary not to do them and certainly not to  repeat them.   Fourth, resources for State, local, and Tribal governments that are  carrying the weight of their overburdened health networks on their  budgets is there. This came down to the wire. My Republican friends  didn't want to do it, but I am glad they acceded to our wishes here  because local governments are hurting. They are spending more money  than they have ever spent and at the same time their tax revenues have  declined. So we must help our local governments, and we will in this  legislation. It will be distributed between both the local governments,  county governments, and the State. In the end, State and local  governments will now get $150 billion, with $8 billion set aside for  Tribal governments. The relief is desperately needed because State  revenues have dried up almost overnight, leaving them with untenable  choices about how to allocate their healthcare and other resources.   Fifth, urgent help for small businesses. My dad was a small  businessman, an exterminator. He used to pace the floor Sunday nights  at 2 a.m. because he didn't want to go to work. I know small  businesspeople suffer under normal times, let alone these difficult  times. This bill offers $350 billion in  [[Page S2027]]  loan forgiveness grants to small businesses to keep their existing  workforce and to help pay for things like rent, mortgages, and  utilities. It provides $10 billion in emergency grants to provide  immediate relief for small business operating costs.   Of course, there are many things besides in this bill. Those were the  five things we pushed for. Small business was much in the bill that  Leader McConnell put forward. All the rest, we as Democrats have pushed  hard for and gotten in the bill.   Now there are other things too: support for American families,  including childcare, education, senior care, housing and more. One  thing of particular importance to my State is public transit. The MTA  is drowning after such a steep and sudden loss of ridership. Democrats  asked for and now have secured a $25 billion life preserver to keep  those public transit systems afloat as well. It is not just big cities.  The bus systems in rural areas will depend on this as well.   The bottom line is this. This bipartisan agreement will provide more  resources to our public health system and protect American workers of  all stripes.   Now, as I have said before, this bill is far from perfect. Many flaws  remain, some serious; but by no stretch of the imagination is this the  bill Democrats would have written had we been in the majority. If  Democrats held the pen, we would have designed the assistance to  troubled industries in a completely different way. We would have added  even more support for Medicaid, hospitals, community health centers,  nursing homes, and new patient protections to ensure that everyone with  coronavirus can access and afford treatment. We would have increased  food assistance. We would have included more relief for student  borrowers and prohibitions on evictions and foreclosures on Americans  for the duration of the crisis. We have gotten many of those but not  all on evictions and foreclosures. We would have put workers first in  every single part of the bill.   That is what we tried to do here as much as possible, but Senate  Democrats are not in the majority. We knew this bill had to pass muster  with the Republican administration, and a failure to reach an agreement  in this time of deepening, serious, painful national crisis was simply  not an option. We have before us an imperfect bill but a necessary one.  Despite its flaws, it is far better than where we started, and it is  time to pass it.   Now, before I yield the floor. There are some people I have to  recognize: the Republican chairs and the Democratic ranking members and  their staffs who have worked diligently on this legislation; Senators  Leahy, Cardin, Shaheen, Warren, Reed, Peters, and Wyden, and so many  more I could name--the whole caucus and their entire staffs--thank you.  This bill is better because of your long hours and hard work. The floor  staff who kept this Chamber open and running at all hours, we thank  you.   Secretary Mnuchin, Eric Ueland, Mark Meadows, and their staffs, who  have spent more time in my office than they care to admit, thank you.   To my staff, I am blessed with the greatest staff a Senator could  have. They are so dedicated to the public good. They are so dedicated  to this country. You should have seen them working. Gerry Petrella and  Meghan Taira have a little baby at home. Both of them have important  roles in my staff. They met here. They got married. They are still  here. They worked day in and day out--but so was everybody else--so was  everybody else. I want to thank my staff. If the American people saw  the work you did, they would be so proud. So thank you from the bottom  of my heart.   Our colleagues and our staffs have committed themselves in this way  because they understand the sacrifices being made by the American  people in homes and hospitals across this great Nation: the working  families who are at home missing paychecks, playing teacher and  provider and caregiver all at once; the thousands of Americans who are  volunteering to help understaffed medical facilities; the small  business owners who are watching the labor of their lives evaporating  in an instant but are still paying their workers as much as they can  manage; the nurses and doctors and healthcare workers who know better  than anyone the risk of contracting this disease by treating infected  patients, who go to work every day working longer shifts to do God's  work anyway. To them and to all Americans, I say this: Help is on the  way. Big help, quick help.   We are going to take up this bill and pass it to care for those who  are now caring for us and help carry millions of Americans through  these dark times.   This is certainly not the end of our work here in Congress but rather  the end of the beginning. The crisis continues to deepen. There will be  difficult days ahead and the worst may be yet to come and we certainly  may have to come back and do further legislation, but we know right now  help is on the way, and we will not stop working until we see our  Nation through this time of extraordinary challenge   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I am pleased that the final bill includes  a stabilization fund for States that the pandemic has hit hard. Given  the growing dire fiscal emergency States are facing as a result of the  coronavirus, I think it is very likely we will need to come back and do  more. States not only are fighting a growing pandemic, but also a  bottoming out of State revenues from a lack of sales taxes, as a result  of responsible social distancing encouraged by the Federal Government,  and income taxes, as a result of the Department of Treasury delaying  the tax filing deadline by 3 months. We all are monitoring the  situation closely and will provide further aid if needed.   For most States, maybe all of them, what they need to do with this  money will be completely obvious, and we defer to the sound judgment of  the States. Out of an abundance of caution, we included language  requiring that expenditures be related to the coronavirus pandemic.  This is intended to avoid a situation in which a State was to divert  these funds to some new, unrelated project that had been rejected as  part of the State's regular budgeting process. We do not want to be  paying for roads to nowhere or other trivial expenses.   Again, for most States, this will not be an issue. The coronavirus  has exploded their demand for services and strangled their revenue  streams so this money will just be plugging those holes. No responsible  Governor or legislature is even thinking about new projects at this  time. We understand that, at this point, all the impacts of the  coronavirus pandemic are merging together. We do not intend to subject  States to additional paperwork or arbitrary rules. If a State has needs  that it would not have had without the coronavirus pandemic, that is  more than good enough.  [[Page S2059]]     Madam President, I will speak for a little bit, briefly.   The legislation now before us is historic because it is meant to  match a historic crisis. Our healthcare system is not prepared to care  for the sick. Our workers are without work. Our businesses cannot do  business. Our factories lie idle. The gears of the American economy  have ground to a halt. Our country has faced immense challenges before  but rarely so many at the same time.   Over the past few days, the Senate has stepped into the breach. We  packed weeks or perhaps months of legislative process into 5 days.  Representatives from both sides of the aisle and both ends of  Pennsylvania Avenue have forged the bipartisan agreement in highly  partisan times with very little time to spare. It has been a long, hard  road with a remarkable number of twists and turns, but for the sake of  millions of Americans, it will be worth it.   It will be worth it to save millions of small businesses and tens of  millions of jobs.   It will be worth it to see that Americans who have lost their jobs  through no fault of their own will be able to pay their rent and  mortgages and put food on the table because we passed the greatest  expansion of insurance to the unemployed in decades.   It will be worth it to send gloves and masks to our nurses and to our  doctors.   It will be worth it to send ventilators and beds to our hospitals and  begin rebuilding the public health infrastructure in America--a  Marshall Plan in this new century for our medical system.   It will be worth it to save industries from the brink of collapse in  order to save the jobs of hundreds of thousands of Americans in those  industries.   It will be worth it to put workers first.   It was a long, hard road. Neither side can be completely happy with  the final product, but it will be worth it.   I am damn proud of the work we did over the past few days because we  put in the work. Because we tested the limits of exhaustion, because we  didn't immediately accept the bill drafted by only one party, the  legislation before us tonight is better--better for our healthcare  system and 65,000 Americans now afflicted with COVID-19, better for our  workers, better for our small businesses, better for our Indian Tribes,  better for our economy, and better for the American people.   So I must thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle--especially  the chairs and ranking members and their staffs. The past few days have  been filled with drama. The past few hours were no exception. I know a  few of my Republican friends still harbor reservations about voting for  this legislation, but when there is a crisis of this magnitude, the  private sector cannot solve it. Individuals, even with bravery and  valor, are not powerful enough to beat it back. Government is the only  force large enough to staunch the bleeding and begin the healing.   This is a time when the American people need their government. This  is what we were elected for. The oath we swear to the Constitution  means we must protect the general welfare of the people. So let us  marshal this government into action.   There are millions of Americans watching us right now at home on  their televisions, separated from friends and family, fearful for their  children and their livelihoods, unsure of when the time will come when  all of our lives may return to normal. Let us tell them tonight that  help is on the way; that they are not truly alone; that this country,  that this Senate, that this government is here for them in a time of  dire need. This is a strange and evil disease. There is much we still  don't know about it, and it is keeping us apart. When we pass this  bill, instead of hugging each other, we will wave from a distance.   None of us can know when this plague will pass. The only thing we  know for sure is that we must summon the same spirit that saw previous  generations through America's darkest hours. Fellowship, sacrifice,  fortitude, resilience--that is what it means to be an American. With  that spirit, this Nation faced down war and depression and fear itself.  I have no doubt that once again America will ultimately prevail.   I yield the floor.   