 Madam President, at this very minute, across the country,  families are wondering how they are going to survive financially now  that mom or dad is out of a job. Hourly workers whose businesses have  closed temporarily are praying that they will still have a job to go  back to when this is all over. Small businesses are facing agonizing  decisions about whether they will have to lay off employees or close  their businesses altogether.   And Democrats? Well, Democrats have been focused on fuel emissions  standards and early voting. That is right. In the midst of an  unprecedented health and financial crisis, Democrats have been delaying  a major relief bill in hopes that they can include a laundry list of  their pet projects--projects that have absolutely nothing to do with  providing financial relief to Americans or ensuring the medical  professionals have the resources they need to fight this virus.   Republicans developed this legislation in conjunction with Democrats.  It was teed up, being written up Saturday, Saturday evening, ready to  vote Sunday morning, when Democrats voted to block even getting on the  bill--even getting on the bill. They said: Well, we need to block it  now because we may not be able to block it later--not, of course,  acknowledging that there is yet another 60-vote hurdle that we would  have to get over before we get to final consideration of the bill. But  it has been teed up and ready to go now since Saturday night. We made a  lot of changes since then to the legislation to address the Democrats'  priorities.   I thought we were very close to agreement on a final bill. Of course,  then the Democratic leadership of the House and Senate stepped in. They  apparently decided this was a perfect opportunity to implement a bunch  of Democratic pet projects that have nothing to do--nothing to do with  fighting the coronavirus or helping the American families who are  suffering financially at this very minute.   I know my Democrat colleagues have come to regard ``bipartisanship''  as a bad word in the past 3 years, but I had hoped--I really, sincerely  had hoped--that in this hour of serious need, the Democrats would be  able to put aside their prejudices and work with Republicans to pass  this critical legislation. Apparently, that was too much to hope for  from the Democrat leadership.   Neither my colleagues nor I have given up on reaching an agreement.  We are still working, and I am still hoping we will arrive at a final  bill sometime later today.   We should already have passed this legislation 3 days ago. The blame  for not passing it lies squarely on the Democrats' shoulders. I really  hope  [[Page S1977]]  they will rethink their decision to hijack this relief bill for their  political purposes, because the American people deserve better.   The bill before us is filled with resources to help struggling  families, provide relief to workers, and enable businesses to retain  their employees during this crisis. Americans need this bill today, not  tomorrow, not next week, not when Democrats are finally satisfied that  they have scored enough political points--today.   I hope my Democrat colleagues will urge their leadership to come to  the table and pass this legislation. American workers and families need  relief, and they need it now. We can't afford to let them down. All we  need is a few Democrat Members who are willing to go against their  leadership and vote with us to pass legislation that addresses all the  fundamental issues that I just mentioned: assistance to families  displaced, people who need cash, people who need to pay bills;  assistance to those who are unemployed in the form of unemployment  insurance, increasing the States' unemployment insurance that people  already get by $600 per person per week for 3 months; checks of $2,400  for married couples and $500 per child on top of that, to go out  immediately upon passage of this bill. For small businesses, there is  $350 billion set aside to pay their payroll, to keep employees working,  hopefully, to keep those jobs there so that they don't go away, and,  when this thing is over, to ensure that those jobs are still there for  people.   Those are all provisions in this bill that are designed to help  working Americans, families, and employees to keep their jobs and keep  their livelihood until we get to a better place, which, hopefully, will  be very soon. In the meantime, we need to deal with the healthcare  crisis, which this also addresses.   Look at this. There is over $240 billion in relief in this bill  dealing principally with the challenges that our healthcare community  has: $75 billion directly for hospitals and another $25 billion would  come in reimbursements under Medicare to hospitals, so $100 billion for  hospitals; $20 billion for veterans healthcare; $11 billion for  vaccines, therapeutics, diagnostics, and other preparedness needs; $4.5  billion for the Centers for Disease Control; $1.7 billion for the  Strategic National Stockpile; $12 billion for America's military, also  an important component in this fight; $10 billion for block grants to  States; $12 billion for K-12 education; $6 billion for higher  education; $5 billion for FEMA disaster relief; $10 billion for  airports; and $20 billion for public transportation emergency relief.   In all, just in this particular provision of the bill, there is $242  billion in assistance--$186 billion, I might add, which would run  through and be administered by the States.   All told, between the amount that is going to families, workers,  employees, and small businesses, there is about $1.1 to $1.2 trillion  that could be on the street today helping address the healthcare and  economic crisis that is being felt and experienced by the American  people. But no, we are still here. We are still here waiting for the  Democrats to conclude, at some point, we hope, all these political  games that they are playing.   It does seem like a big transaction for them--political winners and  political losers. The only loser we know is the American people in all  of this because the longer this goes on, the harder it becomes for them  to get back to where they were, and the harder it becomes for that  small business to stay open or keep those employees employed. Every  single day is costing the American economy and American workers jobs,  resources, and wages they could be putting forward to take care of them  and their families.   The Democrats have said they want more money for hospitals. That is  negotiable. They want more conditions on the loan fund that larger  businesses would be able to access in order to keep their businesses  afloat. That is a negotiable thing. There are many of our Members here  who support those very things. They say they want more money for State  and local governments, which is probably something that could be  negotiated.   I keep having rank-and-file Democrat Members come up to me and say:  This is the list of things we want to negotiate on and get in this  bill.   Those are all things we are willing to negotiate on and, frankly,  many of our Members would support some of the things some Democrats  want to do there, too.   What is the holdup? I don't think rank-and-file Democrats even  realize what their leadership is demanding just past those doors and  trying to get done in this bill: getting the Green New Deal into  effect; requiring, basically, federalization, nationalization of our  election system in this country; and all kinds of new requirements that  benefit their special interest groups. That is what this is about. This  is the hijacking of a crisis to try and get permanent changes on a  political agenda they haven't been able to get and normally wouldn't be  able to get under those circumstances.   We are happy to debate all of those issues. We are happy to have the  debate about all those other things they want to talk about. That is  what we do here. That is what we do in the Senate. If you have a good  idea and you think something needs to be changed in this country, let's  come here and let's debate it. Let's get a piece of legislation to talk  about and see if we can come up with a solution.    Right now is not the time to be debating ancillary, unrelated issues.  Now is the time to put out the fire, and there is a fire burning in  this country right now. It is affecting every American. Every single  American is being affected.   Today is the day. I hope and pray that when the Democrat leadership  comes out here on the floor, they will announce that today is the day  they are going to work with us on a bill which they had input in.   Two of the great fallacies about this legislation is, one, that this  is a partisan bill. They know that isn't true. Their rank-and-file  Members who have participated in the working groups all know that isn't  true. Yet their leadership keeps coming out here announcing this is a  partisan bill.   This is not a partisan bill. This was constructed in a way that gave  both sides input, which includes many of the priorities both sides  brought to the table. That is what this bill represents. It represents  the very things they said they want: an emphasis on workers, an  emphasis on unemployed people, and an emphasis on businesses.   And the other great fallacy that they raised is somehow that this is  a bailout for big businesses--big businesses that have been forced to  shut down. Look at the airlines. They have 10 percent to 20 percent  capacity. Why do you think that is? That is not their fault. That is  not their choosing. They have been forced to shut down.   There are industries in industry sectors all across this country that  are being affected in the same way. All this bill includes is a  provision that allows them to access credit so that they can keep their  operations going, so that they can continue to pay the millions of  employees who are employed by big businesses across this country. The  Democrats continually come to the floor and say: This is a bailout for  big corporations; we need more emphasis on workers.   Who do you think employs the workers?   As I mentioned, all the provisions in this bill--this is a pro-worker  bill. This is about getting paychecks in the hands of American workers.  That is what this bill does. That is what this bill is about. It is a  sad and regrettable chapter in this time of enormous crisis--something  we haven't seen, certainly, in my lifetime. You have to look back in  the annals of history a really long time to find a time where we are  facing the kind of circumstances, the kind of crises, and the kind of  hardships we see, both in terms of people's health and livelihood, as  well as their economic livelihood in our history.   Today is the day to get this done. We can't wait any longer. The time  for political games is over. It is time to act. I hope and pray that,  by the end of the day, we will see the kind of cooperation, the kind of  bipartisanship that will let us address the needs of hard-working  Americans who are fearful for themselves and their families.   I yield the floor.   