 Madam President, I ask to speak for 1 minute as in  morning business.    Madam President, what we have seen over the last week  are attempts to get COVID relief up and Democrats won't let us bring it  up, even though there is widespread agreement on the need for more  COVID relief for families, for small businesses, for farms, for schools  and colleges, and for additional funding for testing and vaccines.  These are all noncontroversial items being held up by Democrat leaders'  all-or-nothing negotiating position.   One controversial item they insist on is bailing out irresponsible  State governments.   Iowa's years of sound governance and fiscal responsibility, including  a rainy day fund that is full, has paid off in times like this. A study  for the Council of State Governments ranked every State's ability to  weather the economic impact of the pandemic. It found my State of Iowa  to be fiscally sound--the most resilient State in the country.   In addition to the Council of State Governments, the CATO Institute  ranked our Governor's fiscal policy second out of all 50 States. Other  States haven't made the same tough decisions and weren't ready before  the pandemic.   Now Democrats want Iowans' Federal tax money to bail out  irresponsible State governments and somehow this is worth holding up  relief for struggling families. Come on   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 1  minute as in morning business.    Madam President, throughout my tenure in the Senate, I  have been a leader in promoting renewable energy sources, like being  called the father of the wind energy tax credit. This has led to a  cleaner environment and has increased America's energy independence.   It is concerning to see legislation from progressive Members of  Congress that would eliminate internal combustion engine vehicles like  the vast majority of us drives and depends on. In other words, we will  all have to buy electric cars. This is supposed to help the  environment, but, remember, most electrical generation is from fossil  fuels.   There are more practical solutions available. Currently, renewable  fuels can reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 43 percent, but they would  be totally eliminated under this extreme bill. By adding more ethanol  and biodiesel to our energy mix, we can reduce emissions while still  keeping transportation costs low for working families.   I ask my colleagues across the aisle to abandon this radical scheme.  If they want a cleaner environment, then they should look to renewable  fuels produced in our Nation's heartland.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   