 Madam President, there are moments in history when you  think: This is going to make a difference. One of them was in a first- grade classroom in Connecticut. A person walked into that classroom  several years ago and opened fire on first grade students--6 years of  age, 7 years of age--their teachers, and assistants. They were killed  at their desks at Sandy Hook.   I thought that would make a difference. I thought there would be a  national conversation about gun safety and the memory of those  beautiful little children who died so senselessly because the person  had a gun that gave them the power to kill them en masse. It didn't  happen.   Then, when that gunman in the hotel in Las Vegas opened fire with a  gun that he had converted into an automatic weapon and killed those  [[Page S3029]]  concertgoers at that country western concert, just shot at them at  random, I thought: Now, that will make a difference. That is the moment  when we can sit down and honestly talk about gun safety in America. It  was so graphic, and it was so horrible that at least we can come  together for a bipartisan conversation about making America a safer  place for first graders in Connecticut, for concertgoers in Nevada, and  for all of the many other gun tragedies we have had in America. It  didn't happen. The President promised to do something. He didn't. What  happened in the U.S. Senate in terms of addressing this issue?  Nothing--nothing, not even an effort to keep guns out of the hands of  people who have no business owning them: convicted felons, people who  are mentally unstable. The types of guns that are for sale in the  United States go far beyond any need for sport, hunting, and, in many  cases, even self-defense. Yet we couldn't even open the conversation on  gun safety in light of those horrible tragedies.    Then several weeks ago, a patrolman in Minneapolis put his knee on  the neck of George Floyd, and America changed. You see that video,  which we have all seen over and over again. It was so graphic, so real,  so personal, you just cannot escape it. Here was a policeman, in 8  minutes and 46 seconds, killing George Floyd. What was the charge that  he was being accused of? Perhaps passing a phony $20 bill--a $20 bill.   I think the image that still sticks with most of us, in the 8 minutes  and 46 seconds as George Floyd died, were all the people begging the  policeman to stop, imploring him: Please.   Floyd was crying out ``I can't breathe! I can't breathe!'' mentioning  his mother's name in those desperate, final moments of his life as that  patrolman stared into that video camera with those cold, hard eyes. You  cannot escape the reality of that video moment and the impact it has  had on America and beyond.   George Floyd's image and name are now the subject of rallies not just  across America but around the world. In my own home State of Illinois,  it is understandable that in cities like Chicago, which have a diverse  population, that African Americans know what it is like to be the  object of racial discrimination when it comes to law enforcement. What  has amazed me in my home State and in many other places, with my  colleagues, is that this is not just a conversation in the big cities  of America.   This last Sunday afternoon at 4 o'clock I went to Jerseyville, IL,  for a Black Lives Matter rally. What an unlikely location. I don't how  many African-American families live in Jersey County or Jerseyville,  but there aren't many. It didn't stop 300 to 400 people from gathering  on the courthouse lawn to make clear that they want things to change  when it comes to policing in America--and change, it must.   I want to salute my colleagues, particularly Senators Booker and  Harris. They came together and put a bill in place with the  Congressional Black Caucus, with Karen Bass, a Congresswoman from  California. It is a bicameral proposal that has been introduced now in  the House and Senate. I am proud to be a cosponsor. It is  comprehensive, and it takes into consideration the reality that these  moments of historic opportunity come along very seldom, and when they  come, we need to seize them to make a difference in this great Nation.   Let's not be halfhearted. Let's be committed to doing something that  makes a difference, and that means a bipartisan effort.   Tim Scott is my friend, a Republican Senator from the State of South  Carolina. I like him, and I respect him. He has done and said things  that I think have made a real impact on this Nation. His observations  as an African-American Senator from South Carolina and what he has gone  through--not just in his State but in his life and even in Washington,  DC--touch my heart. I know that they are genuine, and so is he. When he  was chosen on the Republican side to lead the effort to come up with  some way to bring justice to policing, I thought that was a good  choice, and I still do.   Now we are off to a start in this conversation, but it is an unusual  and awkward start. My colleagues, Senators Booker and Harris, put the  legislative proposal, the Justice in Policing Act, on the floor and  have described it in detail over the last several days. It has been  there for those who support it, as I do, and for those who are  critical. We are obviously looking at this from a lot of perspectives.   Yesterday, the Senate Judiciary Committee held a lengthy hearing on  police misconduct, and there were references throughout to the Booker  and Harris bill, as both of them serve on the Judiciary Committee.  Senator Scott's bill we saw just a few hours ago, and Senator McConnell  came to the floor earlier to the Senate and said that we are moving to  this bill. It will be the next item of business.   I am glad that Senator McConnell now feels a sense of urgency when it  comes to reforming policing. Now is the moment for us to work together  to come up with a bipartisan bill that can pass the U.S. Senate. Let us  not miss this opportunity, this historic moment, to do something that  will make a difference.   How many times, how many commissions, how many agencies, how many  experts have issued reports on dealing with racism in law enforcement  in America? Scores of them.   Going back to the 1960s, the former Governor of Illinois, Otto  Kerner's commission, that long ago--60 years ago--was considering the  same issues, many of the same issues we are considering today.   The hearings yesterday brought in some talented people--experts--to  talk to us in the Senate Judiciary Committee about this measure and  this challenge that we face--community leaders, civil rights activists,  and experts on the subject. I think Senator Graham, the chairman of the  Senate Judiciary Committee on the Republican side, would agree that  hearings are important and we should continue them, but they are never  enough.   We need to do something that the Senate rarely, if ever, does. We  need to legislate. We ought to do it in a process that was established  in this Senate generations ago, bringing this matter to the floor for  amendment and debate.   I understand the numbers in the Senate. As the whip on the Democratic  side, I think the skill that is necessary to succeed is to be able to  count to 60. I learned that very early in my Senate career. We know  what the numbers really are. There are 47 Democrats and 53 Republicans.  If you need 60 votes in most procedural questions in any debate, it  must be bipartisan. If it is going to be bipartisan, it means that  people have to sit down and be willing to listen to one another and be  willing to compromise. I think we can do that. I have seen it done.   I can remember 2 years ago when the Senate passed the FIRST STEP Act.  I started on this mission 10 years ago, after the passage of the effort  on the drug crimes bill in the House of Representatives over 20 years  ago, it was clear that bill was fatally flawed. That law resulted in  unjust outcomes, as well as ineffectiveness when it came to fighting  drugs. I started 10 years ago to try to change it, to change the  disparity between crack and cocaine sentencing guidelines. I managed to  get some part of it done, but when I took on the bigger issue of  mandatory minimum sentencing, which was involved in this, as well, I  ran into a blockade by the name of Chuck Grassley   Chuck, the senior Senator from Iowa, didn't see eye to eye with my  approach at all, and I realized my bill was going nowhere with him. He  was chairman of the Judiciary Committee. We sat down for a year--for a  year--and we came up with a bill we both agreed on. It wasn't what I  wanted--it wasn't the original bill, by any means--and it wasn't what  Chuck Grassley wanted. But we filed a good bill called the FIRST STEP  Act, and he became the lead sponsor on the Grassley-Durbin bipartisan  bill. That bill passed the House, passed the Senate, and was signed  into law by President Donald Trump. Who would have guessed that Donald  Trump would have signed a bill on criminal justice reform? But he did,  and he bragged about it afterward and continues to this day. I guess  the lesson learned here is if the right people sit down with the right  goal, we can achieve an important victory for the American people.   I understand now, having been to these rallies of Black Lives Matter,  how determined and desperate people are across the United States to see  us change when it comes to racism and  [[Page S3030]]  law enforcement. They are desperate, primarily in our younger  populations. It is interesting. Even the largest rallies are being led  by high school students who are bringing together hundreds and, in some  cases, thousands of people to peacefully demonstrate on behalf of  justice in law enforcement. The message is pretty clear. They do not  want to grow up and they don't want to raise their families in the  shadow of racism.   We have fought this issue in America for over 400 years. That is how  long it has been since slavery came to our shores. The racism that  followed from it and was part of it is still very much alive in America  and is seen in video after video. These young people are telling us  once and for all: Change it, grownups. You are supposed to be in  charge. You are supposed to have the authority.   So what we say on the Democratic side is that we cannot waste this  historic moment, this singular opportunity. Let us not do something  that is a token, halfhearted approach. Let us focus on making a change  that will make a difference in the future of America.   When I take a look at the bill we put together, the Justice in  Policing Act--again, I want to salute Senators Booker and Harris--we  establish standards for criminal police misconduct under the law. We  talk about qualified immunity reform. Allow me to say a word about  this.   That was the one thing that Senator Tim Scott said on Sunday was a  major sticking point on the Republican side. We discussed it yesterday  in the Senate Judiciary Committee hearing. What does it mean? It means  that if a policeman is guilty of discriminatory misconduct against a  person, they can be liable for civil damages. An obvious case--if  somebody is shot and killed and there is a belief that the policeman  was guilty of misconduct in the process, that policeman can be found  guilty in court and liable for civil damages to the family, much the  same as wrongful death or personal injury. But the problem is that the  courts have taken this qualified immunity and basically said that if  you cannot find an identical fact pattern for that policeman's  misconduct, you can't pursue the civil recovery of damages for the  family who lost the breadwinner, for example. The argument for that  position has been made by some Republicans that even if a patrolman or  policeman has done something that is terribly wrong, you shouldn't take  their home away from them to compensate that victim's family. So the  Republicans have said that they don't want to change the qualified  immunity standard.   Now let's move from that debate to the real world, and I know just a  little bit about it. There was a sheriff in a downstate county in  Illinois who was sued many years ago and accused of misconduct for  imprisoning and mistreating prisoners in his county jail. When he was  sued in court, much the same as the qualified immunity situation I  described earlier, he was defended in that court. Who defended that  sheriff for his misconduct and potential damages that he owed to his  victim? I did. I didn't do it as a U.S. attorney or State's attorney or  in any official public capacity. I did it representing an insurance  company. DeWitt County, the county that employed the sheriff,  considered him a county employee for their purposes and had bought an  insurance policy which said that if there is any wrongdoing by county  employees, the insurance company will pay whatever is owed. I  represented the insurance company. We went forward with the case. The  point I am getting to is that sheriff was not going to lose his home or  car or motorcycle. It was a lawsuit being brought in court for that  sheriff's responsibility in creating a loss to the plaintiff that  merited damages from the court and jury. So this argument that we  cannot hold policemen responsible for their misconduct on a civil basis  for damages overlooks the obvious--that 99 to 100 percent of damages  paid out are paid out not by the individual law enforcement official  but usually by the insurance company. The insurance company indemnifies  the defendants; in other words, it takes on the responsibility of  defending them and paying out any verdict that is filed or any  settlement that is reached.    Why would we want to go ahead and allow this civil recovery? Because  it is a lesson learned for that county when it comes to the conduct and  training and hiring of individuals. If they know that certain things  are going to result in a liability--even through their insurance  company, with higher insurance premiums as a result--they will think  twice, won't they? It is human nature.   The opposite result is true. If the Republicans have their way and  don't touch qualified immunity, then, in fact, you have created a  defense wall for any potential defendant who is in law enforcement from  civil liability, and you have taken away the incentive of their  employer or that department to improve the way they administer justice.  I think it is pretty obvious that if we want the right outcome, there  should be a price to be paid for wrongdoing, and there certainly should  be compensation for a victim's family.   So I don't understand the resistance on the Republican side. We need  to talk because we cannot move forward on this issue of police  responsibility and say there is a whole area of immunity when it comes  to the police being sued for civil damages in court.   We also need pattern and practice investigations. What that means is  there comes a moment when the Department of Justice needs to take a  look at local police departments. I know about that. The shooting of  Laquan McDonald in the city of Chicago was an event that still has an  impact on the people who live there. I joined with the attorney  general, Lisa Madigan, in asking the Department of Justice to  investigate the police department after the shooting of Laquan  McDonald. It wasn't a popular decision with some people, but I thought  it was the right thing to do. We will be better for it. The city of  Chicago will make changes that need to be made, and I am sure there  need to be more in the future, but extending and advancing pattern and  practice investigations in the Department of Justice is long overdue.  In the Obama administration over 20 of these investigations took place  across America; under the Trump administration, one. It is time for the  Department of Justice to do its job, and that is part of what we are  setting out to do.   We also have the Law Enforcement Trust and Integrity Act included in  the Booker-Harris bill. Police departments lack uniform standards to  ensure an adherence to best practices in communities of color with  accountability. We call on the Attorney General and the Department of  Justice to move them in the right direction of training and retraining  when it comes to reducing the use of force and reducing the killings  that are taking place that are unnecessary.   We need to establish a national police misconduct registry, which is  part of the Booker-Harris bill, so no police officer who loses his or  her job because of misconduct can go to a nearby jurisdiction or  another State and escape the scrutiny of taking a review of the history  they have as members of a police department.   We need to require States to report to the Justice Department  incidents in which force is used against a civilian or against a law  enforcement officer. I bet 99 percent of Americans believe there is  automatic reporting, for example, of the shooting of unarmed people by  police across the United States. There isn't. It turns out that the  only source you can find is the Washington Post newspaper, which  decided in 2015 to start collecting that information by reading news  outlets and information and putting it all together. Let's get the data  so we will understand if we are falling behind or making progress when  it comes to the administration of justice.   We need to prohibit Federal, State, and local law enforcement from  racial, religious, and discriminatory profiling. This is an issue I  have been working on for years. Others feel the same. Profiling needs  to come to an end. We know it is a real problem. We need real training  on racial bias and a duty to intervene. This gets to the heart of  policing.   Policing runs parallel to our military in the standards and rules  that they operate under. We talk about peer intervention. We ask  ourselves, why didn't the other three policemen in Minneapolis say to  that policeman with his knee on the neck of George Floyd, ``Stop. You  are killing him''?  [[Page S3031]]  They didn't because of the so-called chain of command. We need to have  peer scrutiny and peer intervention, particularly in life-and-death  situations.   We believe we should ban the no-knock warrants in drug cases. We know  what happened in the city of Louisville. We want to make certain it  doesn't happen again.   We want a clear ban on choke holds and carotid holds. We want the  police to exercise absolute care with everyone with a standard of  reasonableness to prevent death and serious bodily injury.   Consider what happened in that Wendy's parking lot in Atlanta. There  are a number of factors involved here, but what was at the heart of the  issue? At the heart of the issue was a man who drank too much and fell  asleep in his car in the drive-in line at Wendy's. That is what started  the police call and everything that followed. At the end of 40 minutes,  the man who fell asleep in his car was shot dead in that parking lot.  When you try to bring and measure the response and the result against  the original charge, it is like the $20 counterfeit bill. You think to  yourself: Did that merit pulling a gun and killing a man because he  fell asleep in his car? He shouldn't have been driving while  intoxicated, but there is no evidence he was involved in any accident.  There was certainly a better way to bring that to a conclusion other  than the confrontation that led to his death.   We also need the Camera Accountability Act, requiring Federal  uniformed police officers to wear body cameras and have dashboard  cameras and make sure they are operable. We also need to finally pass  the Justice for Victims of Lynching Act. I spoke on that yesterday, and  I will not dwell on it today, but this is long, long overdue.   One of the first Federal anti-lynching bills was introduced after  World War I by a Republican Congressman in St. Louis named Leonidas  Dyer, a World War I veteran who served as an officer in the Army. He  was prosecuting attorney for St. Louis County. On July 1, 1917, there  was a horrendous race riot in my hometown of East St. Louis, IL, where  7,000 African Americans were rousted out of their homes and forced to  cross the bridges into the city of St. Louis to escape death. The  estimates of how many were killed are just that, but they range in the  hundreds of African Americans who were lynched and murdered.   As a result of that horrible experience in East St. Louis and the  race riot, Congressman Dyer, Republican of St. Louis, introduced the  Federal anti-lynching law. He passed it in the House of  Representatives. There were 119 negative votes. Among the negative  votes were four Members of the House who went on to become Speakers,  but all four voted against the Dyer Federal anti-lynching bill. It was  sent to the Senate where it died by design. A combination of those who  opposed it, including southern Democrats, stopped the bill from being  considered. It faced a filibuster--end of story but not the end of  lynching, by any means.   Lynching is a blight on America's history. There is absolutely no  reason why we should not include the Federal anti-lynching statute,  which passed the House 410 to 4, in this package that is being  considered. I believe it may be part of Senator Scott's bill as well. I  hope it will pass. I hope the one Senator on the other side of the  aisle who has held it up can be convinced otherwise. History demands  that we bring an end to this miserable, bloody chapter in American  history, which touches so many of our States.   We have a job to do. We now have two bills, and we are seeing the  Republican bill for the first time this morning. Many of us believe it  is at least an indication of the urgency of the issue but not as  responsive as it should be. Let us not escape this moment in history.  Let us not avoid it. Let's face it, and let's use it. We can make this  a better Nation. We can say to those young people, Black, White, and  Brown, those young women and men who are leading the marches in my  State and across the Nation: We hear you. We understand you want to  grow up in a different world, in a different Nation. We understand that  you want to see discrimination and racial mistreatment come to an end  in this country. This generation, the ones who are elected to do  something about it, will do just that. We will respond.   I hope what Senator McConnell said this morning about opening this  debate on the floor of the Senate is not just a one-and-done, take-it- or-leave-it approach on the majority side of the aisle. Let's have a  real debate. Let's have real effort to find common ground. I think it  can work.   Senator Grassley and I proved that with the FIRST STEP Act, a  bipartisan bill signed by President Trump that made a difference.  Literally, thousands of Federal inmates were released from prison who  had been serving lengthy, impossible-to-explain sentences for  nonviolent drug activity. They are home now. They are back out of  prison now, as they should be. They did it on a bipartisan basis, and  we compromised to reach it.   Let us make sure that at the end of the day, what we do pass makes a  difference in the future of America, not just a quick press release but  something we can live with and be proud of for years to come.   I yield the floor.    I announce that the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr.  Markey) and the Senator from Washington (Mrs. Murray) are necessarily  absent.    I announce that the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr.  Markey), and the Senator from Washington (Mrs. Murray) are necessarily  absent.   