 Madam Speaker, I rise today during a critical time in the  history of the nation.   Since the beginning of the pandemic, 315,000 Americans have died, as  a result of the Administration's mismanagement of the federal response  to COVID-19.   It has especially impacted the African American community and other  communities of color.   Millions of jobs have been lost, countless small businesses have  closed, and many others hospitalized.   For the sake of controlling the virus we have all quarantined, as we  eagerly await a vaccine.   It is against this backdrop that we fashion a relief bill.   Scripture teaches that which you do for the least of these you do for  Him.   I am proud to fight for the least of these during these critical  times and support this bipartisan solution for COVID and the budget.   I want to commend all leaders who helped make this deal possible,  especially Speaker Nancy Pelosi, Leader Steny Hoyer and Democratic  Caucus Chairman Hakeem Jeffries.   This bill is critical as it helps all those impacted by COVID,  especially the black people and other communities of color that have  been disproportionately impacted by this pandemic.   I am proud to support this bill, which provides $900 billion for  COVID relief.   This is important as the agreement outlined provides another round of  $600 in economic stimulus checks and another $300 per-week in  unemployment benefits, and it supports small businesses, which are the  engines of our economy.   It also provides funds to support local school districts and provides  much-needed funds for coronavirus testing and vaccine distribution.  [[Page H7299]]    I am also proud to help secure this legislation because it supports  paid sick leave, provides 25 billion in rent relief and an extension of  the eviction moratorium.   This relief bill is going in the right direction but make no mistake,  this is not enough and must only be a down-payment.   The $1,200 stimulus checks in the CARES Act from earlier this year  was an important factor in controlling the economic fallout from the  initial onset of the coronavirus, and I am disappointed that tonight  that this Congress will not now act as we did in the Spring.   The situation is more dire now and calls for more--not less--economic  stimulus.   And, I am especially proud that the disbursements from this relief  bill starts on the first day of Kwanzaa, December 26.   And, critically, this legislation supports Community Development  Financial Institutions and Minority Depository Institutions by as much  as $12 billion:   The agreement includes dedicated PPP set-asides for very small  businesses and lending through community-based lenders like Community  Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs) and Minority Depository  Institutions (MDIs); $9 billion in emergency U.S. Treasury capital  investments in CDFIs and MDIs to support lending in low-income and  underserved communities, including persistent poverty counties, that  may be disproportionately impacted by the economic effects of the  COVID-19 pandemic; and $3 billion in emergency support for CDFIs  through the CDFI Fund to respond to the economic impact of the pandemic  on underserved low-income and minority communities.   The legislation we will pass today also includes 4.2 billion for  mental health and substance abuse help and another $7 billion for  broadband.   This bill includes SBA grants, not just loans so it is critical for  all applicants that they complete paperwork accurately so that there is  no delay in submitting paperwork.   I encourage all constituents to reach out to my office if they need  help.   And the legislation we will pass today also allocates $1.4 trillion  for the budget which is why we must consider the COVID relief bill  today together with the budget bill.   This bill also helps secure $10 billion for assistance in child-care  to help get parents back to work so we can be ready to return to some  semblance of normalcy.   I am also proud to support this bill because this legislation  supports paid sick leave, provides tens of billions in rent relief and  an extension of the eviction moratorium, another $14 billion in SNAP  benefits and $80 billion in funding for our colleges and  universities.''   It is often said that our budget is a blueprint of our values and  with the budget we pass today, Madam Speaker, is an affirmation of the  Gospel of Matthew.    Mr. Speaker, the first wave of stimulus spending proved  frustrating for a lot of small and medium sized business.   Many mom and pop businesses ran in to loan processing problems  because there were problems with their applications.   Many applicants did not know that their applications needed to be  cured from any defects or that there were defects with their  application.   Some other small businesses were rejected because their lender ran  out of allocation because the lenders were focused on larger loans.   That is why, Democrats were able to secure $325 billion in small  business aid this time around.   Democrats secured critical funding and policy changes to help small  businesses, including minority-owned businesses, and nonprofits recover  from the pandemic.   This deal includes over $284 billion for first and second forgivable  PPP loans, dedicated set-asides for very small businesses and lending  through community-based lenders like Community Development Financial  Institutions and Minority Depository Institutions, and expanded PPP  eligibility for 501(c)(6) nonprofits, including destination marketing  organizations, and local newspapers, TV and radio broadcasters. $20  billion is included for new EIDL Grants for businesses in low-income  communities, $3.5 billion for continued SBA debt relief payments, and  $2 billion for enhancements to SBA lending.   This deal also includes $15 billion in dedicated funding for live  venues, independent movie theaters, and cultural institutions.   Small businesses that took a PPP loan and saw their revenues fall by  25% will be eligible for a second loan.   Congress will also allow PPP borrowers to take tax deductions for  covered business expenses.   