 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 1  minute in morning business.    Former Vice President Biden and Minority Leader Schumer  have indicated a willingness to end the so-called filibuster if  Democrats gain a majority in the U.S. Senate after this year's  election.   Meanwhile, Democrats used the same rule to prevent even taking up  Senator Scott's very thoughtful police reform legislation. The rule in  question is the cloture rule, which brings debate and amendments to a  close so we can get to the finality of a bill. What Democrats blocked  was ending debate on proceeding to police reform and starting to  consider any amendments that wanted to be offered, but it would have  taken yet another cloture vote to get to final passage.   The cloture rule ensures that no police reform bill could be passed  by the U.S. Senate unless at least 60 Senators were satisfied with the  outcome of the amendment process. In other words, it guarantees that  the concerns of the minority party--whether that be Republican or  Democrat--would have to be addressed. There was no excuse for  preventing the Senate from even beginning the legislative process on  this extremely important and timely issue of police reform.   There is also no excuse for Democrats who claimed to oppose the 60- vote requirement to cut off debate on principle when they were last in  the majority, who then immediately began using cloture to block bills  that had majority support when they lost their majority, and who still  continue to use cloture to block progress on important issues today,  but who now fully admit that they will change the Senate institution-- the protection for the minority--if it suits their partisan purpose in  the future.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    About half an hour ago, Leader McConnell gave an  outline of the bill that will be before the Senate in regard to  carrying on where the CARES Act left off. Those of us who are chairmen  of various committees or have input into this process would like to go  into some detail--but not in-depth detail--of our parts of the bill. I  am chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, and within our  jurisdiction, our proposals take on several issues facing Americans  during the crisis.   For unemployment insurance, we boost the Federal Government's  reimbursement to local governments and nonprofits to 75 percent, up  from 50 percent in the first CARES Act. We do that to prevent further  layoffs from local governments and nonprofit organizations.   In the same legislation we maintain some of the current boosted  benefits, but we must also responsibly hone those programs to target  help where it is really needed.   Our bill transitions from a flat rate to a replacement of 70 percent  of lost wages for people who have become unemployed. This is a much  more responsible approach that we didn't have time to work out in the  first CARES Act. Regardless, the boosted unemployment benefit is  significantly more than Democratic Senate and Democratic Presidents  approved in the 2009 economic crisis, which, by the way, was only an  additional $25 a month when we had the worst recession in this country  since the Great Depression of the 1930s.   So I heard people cry just a few minutes ago about our not doing  enough. It doesn't make sense to do what we knew we were doing wrong,  but we had to do it to get help out to the people who were unemployed.  For the last 4 months, we were paying out of the Federal Treasury $600  a week, in addition to what each State would pay for those unemployed.  In other words, we have learned what we knew at the time--that when you  pay people more not to work than they would get working, what do you  expect? People will not work.   What this country needs is more workers. If we are going to get this  country turned around, it is not going to come from money from  unemployment to individuals because government doesn't create wealth;  it only consumes wealth. If you want to create a bigger economic pie  for everybody, more workers are going to be necessary for a bigger  economic pie.   Going to our tax provisions in this same bill, our tax provisions aim  to help Americans get back to work and help businesses safely open. We  expand access to the CARES Act employment tax credit for small and  medium-sized businesses. We expand the work opportunity tax credit for  larger employers hiring people currently receiving unemployment  compensation. We also provide a new credit for expenses, like personal  protective equipment and cleaning needed to maintain a safe and healthy  workplace for employees and for customers. The Republican plan provides  for another round of $1,200 economic impact payments for most American  adults, but we also include in the additional $500 for each dependent-- some people we didn't intend to leave out last time, but we did. So  regardless of age, some of these dependents will now be helped.   For healthcare providers we relax the terms of loans received from  Medicare. We ensure that Medicare telehealth options don't expire  before Congress can determine what should be made permanent. We extend  for 5 years the CARES Act provision that pays clinics and health  centers for telehealth to provide a downpayment on meeting healthcare  needs in rural America, and we help by freezing Medicare premiums at  2020 levels to head off a predicted spike next year that would  otherwise happen to senior citizens. We also assist nursing home  patients and workers.   State and local governments have also asked for Federal help. Our  proposal extends the timeframe in which governments can utilize the  $150 billion in funding provided under the first CARES Act by also  providing more flexibility and allowing some funds to be used to cover  revenue shortfalls.   This proposal sets out a responsible, holistic approach to address  the problems our country faces. I hope my Democratic colleagues are  interested in compromise and solutions for the benefit of all of the  American people.   I yield the floor.   