 Mr. President, I rise today to oppose another massive  infusion of arms into the volatile Middle East.   Someone must ask the question: Can a lasting peace be purchased with  more weapons? Will selling sophisticated fighter jets and weaponized  drones bring more stability to the Middle East? Is it wise to pour fuel  on the fire that burns in the Middle East?   The Senate today is debating with these joint resolutions whether to  disapprove of the announced sale of 50 F-35s and 18 Reaper Drones to  the United Arab Emirates, a country that has recently taken encouraging  steps specifically toward Israel, but with an overall record that  should give concern.   The primary questions we should be asking ourselves are: To what ends  has the UAE deployed its military and its military technology in recent  years? Does the UAE have a record that we can trust? What military  behavior are we encouraging and rewarding with this sale? Will the U.S.  bear responsibility if the UAE misuses these incredibly sophisticated  weapons?   The answers to these questions are far from clear. In fact, the UAE's  record should give us pause. The UAE is not a democracy. Their human  rights record is mixed, and their military activities in the region, as  a one-time member of the Saudi coalition, contributed to the bloodshed  and devastation in Yemen.   On human rights, let's look at some recent reported examples. In  2017, Ahmed Monsoor, a human rights activist, was given a 10-year  prison sentence based on his speech. Specifically, he was charged for  posting ``false information that harms national unity'' on social  media. The charges against him were based on a call for the release of  another activist who had been put in prison for political speech. Is  this the kind of democracy or lack of democracy and lack of speech that  should be rewarded with our most sophisticated weaponry?   In 2017, the UAE government also handed down a 10-year sentence to  Nasser bin-Ghaith, an economist, for his criticism of the UAE and  Egyptian Governments. Is this the kind of country that deserves our  most sophisticated weaponry?   In 2018, the UAE arrested Matthew Hedges, a British citizen and  doctoral student, and denied him access to legal counsel for 5 months.  They sentenced him to life in prison for spying charges based on a  confession that was obtained in an undisclosed location. They were  ultimately forced to pardon him after international outrage. Is this  the kind of country that we can trust with our most sophisticated  weaponry?   The fact that the UAE is willing to buy this technology is not in and  of itself justification for the sale. This is the time to carefully  study the situation in the region and to consider the effects of  accelerating the Middle Eastern arms race in the short-term and in the  long-term.   This is why our government shouldn't be rushing into approving this  sale; yet our government is moving at warp speed to approve this sale.  It is as if we intentionally don't want to consider all of these  issues.   The most frequently cited argument in favor of this sale is that the  UAE has taken encouraging steps in the last few months. They have  normalized relations with Israel, facilitated civilian travel, and  more. Great. I am all-in for that.   We should be encouraging peaceful relations between countries. I  support those efforts. But it is not clear that dropping advanced  military technology into the region is, in fact, encouraging peaceful  relations, given how these weapons have been used in recent times.   The UAE spent years bombing Yemen as part of a coalition with Saudi  Arabia to stop the Houthis. This bombing campaign was undisciplined and  sloppy. Civilians, residents, and other nonmilitary targets were often  destroyed. The U.N. reports approximately 7,000 civilians killed in  Yemen and over 10,000 wounded.   The Saudi-UAE coalition helped create a humanitarian crisis in Yemen.  Amid collapsing public services, the largest cholera epidemic on record  has affected at least 2 million people--probably more--and killed  almost 4,000. A lot of this is to be blamed on the civil war that had  been perpetuated by Saudi Arabia and the UAE.    At the height of the destruction, a Yemeni child would die of  starvation every 10 minutes. More than 50,000 children have been lost  to starvation.   I have argued for years that the United States should play no role in  worsening the crisis via an arms pipeline to the coalition that  perpetuates this war. American technology helped facilitate this crisis  and should be a real concern about sending more American bombs and  fighter planes into this region.   If they weren't used wisely in the most recent years in the Yemeni  war, will they be used differently in the future? Can we trust the  people who were part of a bombing campaign of civilians in Yemen to do  an act more wisely with weapons in the future?   Let's also not forget that a media investigation found that weapons  that we sent to the coalition--U.S. weapons that were sent to the  Saudi-UAE coalition--were lost, and, in some cases, handed over to  terrorists. That is right. Military equipment from the United States  was sent to the UAE, but it wound up in the hands of terrorists. The  Saudi-UAE coalition reportedly used U.S. weapons as currency to win the  approval of militias inside Yemen.   To be clear, these activities are against the terms of sale. We told  them: You can't give away our weapons. You can't use our weapons to  purchase the support of Sunni extremists in Yemen. But they did. This  should give us cause for concern. This should make us say: Whoa. Let's  stop, and let's pause before we send more weapons into this war.   Not only that, but Iranian proxies captured some of these weapons,  and, predictably, pointed them back at the Saudi-UAE coalition. Guns,  missiles, and vehicles ended up in the hands of terrorists--weapons  that we put on the ground in the Middle East.   The same investigation found Mine Resistant Ambush Protected  Vehicles, MRAPs, in the hands of Sunni allies of the UAE and Saudi  Arabia. But guess who some of these Sunni allies were. Al-Qaida in the  Arabian Peninsula. We are talking about the remnants of al-Qaida in  Yemen were getting weapons that we were giving to the UAE in Saudi  Arabia. Does this sound like the kind of behavior we should reward with  more weapons?   One of the MRAPs still had the export label on it indicating that it  had been sent from Beaumont, TX, to the UAE before ultimately getting  illegally transferred to extremists in Yemen. Is this the kind of  behavior we should reward with more of our sophisticated technology?   The serial number on another MRAP in the possession of the Iranian- backed Houthis was traced back to the 2014 sale of U.S. MRAPs to the  UAE. So the UAE not only was trading our weapons for support among  Sunni extremists, including al-Qaida-affiliated extremists in Yemen,  but they also were having their equipment taken by the Houthis. So on  both sides of the war in Yemen, we had U.S. weapons. Is it a good idea  to flood the Middle East with more of our weapons? Is it a good idea to  keep sending weapons that wind up in the hands of people who don't have  our best interests at heart?   Now, people say: Well, the UAE is doing better. They have stepped  back from the coalition. They are not, you know, fighting as vigorously  in the UAE. But there still are reports that UAE is still involved in  the civil war in Yemen and that they are still engaged.  [[Page S7314]]    The UAE has a very conflicted record on human rights. I mentioned a  few of those who have been in prison for 10 years to life for speech-- for speech against the government or even just speech the government  doesn't like. But flogging is also used as a form of punishment. There  is no true freedom of speech or press in the UAE. Is this the kind of  country we should give our most sophisticated technology to   Activists have been held in secret detention centers in the UAE.  Electric shocks have been used as a form of punishment in the UAE.  Social media statements against the government are criminalized. You  can be put in prison for text messages, and people have been put in  prison and/or deported for text messages.   The government has used mass trials against dissidents. Statements of  support for Qatar were made illegal during the region's diplomatic  standoff. Criticisms of government officials were made illegal by  decree. This is not an open society; this is not a democracy; and this  is decidedly not a country that we should be giving our most  sophisticated weaponry to.   Do we believe these arms sales will encourage or discourage bad  behavior from the UAE? We are clearly communicating to the UAE that  human rights take a backseat to arms sales.   Part of the consideration for these arms sales is the recent  developments from the UAE--most prominently, the UAE's normalizing  relations with Israel through the Abraham accords. It is a positive  development, without a doubt. I am all in favor of it. I am all in  favor of trading with the UAE. I am all in favor of Israel trading with  the UAE. I am all in favor of good diplomatic relations, but you can  also have diplomatic relations without flooding the region with our  most sophisticated armaments.   Outwardly, we are told by all involved that the F-35s are not a  condition for the Abraham accords, but if you ask whether it is a good  idea to send some of our most advanced weaponry to the UAE, we are  nonetheless told, if we don't, it might jeopardize the accords. Well,  which is it? They are either part of the accords or they are not.   I, frankly, think, if the weapons were not to go, that the advantages  to Israel-UAE having diplomatic relations in trade are so great that  they will continue. The assurance right now is that we will guarantee  what is called Israel's qualitative military edge in the region, even  after the sale of F-35s and Reaper drones to the UAE. So the message to  Israel is: Yes, we are giving the same advanced fighter jets to the  UAE, but we will give you even better jets in the future.   All I can say is, that is a big maybe. And people who accept, on the  face of that, that, oh, yes, we are going to guarantee something, but  we are giving this same equipment to people who have been on the other  side of virtually every other war in the Middle East, I think, is a  hopeful promise but not necessarily a guarantee.   The easiest way, if you favor protecting Israel's QME, or military  edge, is to stop sending military assets to other countries in the  region. We are competing with ourselves right now. We give advanced  weaponry to Israel, and then we say we are going to keep your  advantage. But then we give the advanced weaponry to the UAE, and so  Israel comes back and says we need more. Then we give more to them, and  the Saudis want more. And then once we give the weapons to the Saudis,  Israel wants more. It is a never-ending arms race between the so-called  countries that are actually getting along, not to mention the arms race  between those who are opposed to Iran in the region.   The easiest way to protect the qualitative military edge of Israel is  to quit sending more advanced weaponry into the region. We have  committed to protecting Israel's QME in response to these sales, but we  continue to obligate ourselves to increasingly large sales to offset  the large sales we have already approved to others, like the UAE and  Saudi Arabia.   There is another aspect to the qualitative military edge that is  rarely discussed. It is the QME that Saudi Arabia and the Gulf  sheikdoms have over Iran. Saudi Arabia is the third biggest purchaser  of weapons and the third biggest spender on military of anyone in the  world now, but if you add Saudi Arabia's weapons to the Gulf sheikdoms'  weaponry, you find that they spend eight times more on their military  than Iran. So what kind of response would we imagine?   We may not like what Iran does, but we should at least think about  what they will do in response to what we do, and what in response to  what the Saudis do and the UAE does and Israel does. Exacerbating the  QME inevitably leads to pressure on Iran to further escalate the arms  race and becomes a never-ending destructive cycle of more and more  weapons.   People say--and this administration has said--we want an agreement  with Iran but not just a nuclear agreement. So we got out of the  nuclear agreement. We want an agreement on conventional weapons. But  how will that work? We asked Iran to limit their weapons, but we keep  piling weapons on the other side? Do you think Iran is going to agree  to limit their weapons if we keep piling more of our sophisticated  weapons into the hands of the Saudis and into the hands of the UAE and  others?   There is great concerns with this sale, and rushing it through is a  mistake. What happens if the F-35s are shot down? What if Russia or  China is able to access our sensitive stealth technology? How will the  need for contractors be handled in a secure fashion?   Some supporters of Israel are very worried about this. The Zionist  Organization of America, for example, has opposed the sale because it  jeopardizes Israel's qualitative military edge. It makes the  technologies on which Israel relies less secure.   This statement from the Zionist Organization of America is quite  clear: ``The security of both the U.S. and Israel is best served by  preventing any other countries from acquiring this advanced aircraft.''   They couldn't be clearer. Even many in Israel were initially, and  very vocally, opposed to this sale. Their Minister of Defense, Benny  Gantz, said absolutely it was a terrible idea. Their Minister of  Settlements, same thing.   I would urge my colleagues to consider the possible consequences of  this sale. We should not accelerate an arms race in the Middle East; we  should not jeopardize the security of our military technologies; and we  should not reward a decade-plus of undesirable behavior by the UAE. I  urge a vote in support of these resolutions of disapproval.   Madam President, pursuant to the Arms Export Control Act of 1976, I  move to discharge the Foreign Relations Committee from further  consideration of S.J. Res. 78, a joint resolution providing for  congressional disapproval of the proposed military sale to the United  Arab Emirates of certain defense articles and services.    I yield the floor.   