 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, ``I hope I am over wary, but if I am not,  there is, even now, something of ill omen amongst us. I mean the  increasing disregard for law which pervades the country, the growing  disposition to substitute the wild and furious passions in lieu of the  sober judgment of courts, and the worse than savage mobs for the  executive ministers of justice. This disposition is awfully fearful in  any community; and that it exists now in ours, though grating to our  feelings to admit, it would be a violation of truth and an insult to  our intelligence to deny. Accounts of outrages committed by mobs form  the everyday news of the times.''   Now, those are not my words. Those are the words of a young Abraham  Lincoln. Sadly, they ring with truth today.   In recent weeks, violent mobs have roamed our streets, defacing and  tearing down statues and monuments--in most cases, with neither  resistance from the police nor legal consequences.   On Friday, a mob tore down another statue just a few blocks from  here. The police stood idly by and watched as rioters toppled it and  set it on fire. One can only assume they were ordered not to intervene  by Washington's leftwing mayor.   Here is the thing: Steps were already underway to move that statue  lawfully. Washington's delegates in Congress had legislation to that  effect. But mobs don't care to negotiate--only to destroy.   The delegate said: I have no doubt I could have gotten that bill  through, but the people got here before due process.   It is hard to imagine a more chilling summation of mob rule. As  Lincoln knew, the mob threatens not just old statues but the lives and  livelihoods of us all. Indeed, the mob threatens civilization itself in  many ways.   Most simply, Lincoln knew that mobs inevitably make mistakes and  commit injustices. Some may celebrate the destruction of disfavored  statues and monuments, but what of the vandals in Boston who defaced a  monument to the 54th Massachusetts Infantry Regiment, the first  African-American regiment to fight for the Union, whose bravery and  skill was immortalized in the movie ``Glory''?   What of the outlaws of Philadelphia, who defaced a statue of Matthias  Baldwin, a devout, passionate abolitionist?   Mobs don't discriminate between legitimate and illegitimate targets  of their destruction. That is because they are mobs.   Lincoln also warned that the ``lawless in spirit'' will become  ``lawless in practice'' because of mob violence seeing no consequences  for crimes.   A mob doesn't stop at statues. Rioters have already torched police  precincts and low-income housing in Minneapolis. Churches and  synagogues have been vandalized. Next, perhaps the mob will target the  homes of police officers, and soon enough the mob may come for you and  your home and your family.   As the mob expands its power, Lincoln cautioned that good citizens,  ``seeing their property destroyed; their families insulted, and their  lives endangered; their persons injured; and seeing nothing in prospect  that forebodes a change for the better; become tired of, and disgusted  with, a Government that offers them no protection.''   Mob rule can only serve to demoralize our people and shake their  faith in our government and our way of life. As the mob rises,  civilization recedes.   Finally, Lincoln observed that ``by the operation of this mobocractic  spirit, which all must admit, is now abroad in the land, the strongest  bulwark of any Government, and particularly of those constituted like  ours, may effectually be broken down and destroyed--I mean the  attachment of the People.''   The final victim of mob rule is the very spirit of civic-minded  patriotism that's necessary to preserve our Republic.   For all these reasons, Lincoln said: ``There is no grievance that is  a fit object of redress by mob law.'' We cannot tolerate mob rule, and  we cannot allow it to go unpunished.   While local authorities would usually take the lead in prosecuting  these criminals, unfortunately, many of them seem unwilling to stand up  to the mob and uphold the rule of law. Therefore, I call upon the  Department of Justice to bring charges against these mob vigilantes,  prosecuting them to the fullest extent of the law. The Anti-Riot Act  and the Veterans' Memorial Preservation and Recognition Act can provide  legal grounds in some cases; still other Federal statutes may govern in  other cases; but there must be consequences for mob violence because if  you give the mob an inch, it will take a mile.   Witness the events of just this past weekend, where mobs tore down  statues of George Washington and Ulysses S. Grant. When you tear down  statues of Washington and Grant, it is not about the Civil War; it is  because you hate America. Indeed, these rioters hate America.   In Portland, where they tore down the statue of Washington, they also  spray-painted on him the date ``1619,'' a reference to the New York  Times's revisionist, anti-American history project. Perhaps we should  call them the ``1619 riots.'' After all, the architect of that  execrable project said: ``It would be an honor.''   This hatred for America was nowhere on greater display than in San  Francisco, where the mob tore down the statue of Grant. That would be  U.S. Grant, commander of the Union Army, whose very initials embody his  tenacious, unrelenting approach to war: unconditional surrender.   That would also be President Grant, the political heir of Abraham  Lincoln, a statesman who smashed the first Ku Klux Klan, signed the  first major civil rights legislation, and presided over passage of the  15th Amendment.   In one famous instance, President Grant sent in the troops to  disperse a White mob in New Orleans that was terrorizing the city's  Black and Republican residents and had to depose the State's lawful  Governor.   Grant had zero tolerance for mob rule. He said: ``[N]either Ku Klux  Klans, White Leagues, nor any other association using arms and violence  to execute their unlawful purposes can be permitted in that way to  govern any part of this country.''   This was a man whom the great Frederick Douglass eulogized as ``too  broad for prejudice, too humane to despise the humblest, too great to  be small at any point.'' Yet the mobs still came for Grant.   Some people have been asking: Where is the line? I say: This is the  line--the line between mob rule and the rule of law.  [[Page S3117]]    Since I began by quoting Lincoln, let me conclude by borrowing from  Grant, who wrote during the Battle of Spotsylvania: ``I propose to  fight it out on this line if it takes all summer.''   I will fight it out on this line if it takes a lot longer than that.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   