 Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in  supporting America's childcare providers and the essential services  they provide to our Nation's families.   As millions of families have learned during the COVID-19 pandemic,  childcare is a critical component of our national economy. In addition  to the significant benefits that childcare provides for children's  social and emotional development, access to reliable childcare  continues to play a vital role in America's economic recovery.    As parents return to work, they need to be sure that their children  will be looked after and kept safe. The Ensuring Children and Child  Care Workers Are Safe Act of 2020, H.R. 7909, would make these  assurances to families by equipping childcare providers with the  resources they need to perform their jobs safely and effectively.   This legislation would provide funding for States to implement  technical support and training programs to assist childcare providers  in meeting safety guidelines and acquiring personal protective  equipment.   Childcare providers have supported millions of American families,  providing an essential service during good times and bad. I urge my  colleagues to support H.R. 7909.    Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 2683, the  Child Care Protection Improvement Act, legislation that is essential to  the safety of millions of American children.   I am a proud original cosponsor of H.R. 3986, which is almost an  identical companion bill in the House.   Childcare services play an integral role in our society. Families  across the Nation entrust childcare providers with the well-being of  their children on a daily basis. Every parent deserves the peace of  mind of knowing that their childcare providers are passionate, caring,  and above all, qualified.   While this is the case with a great many providers, it is imperative  for States to be able to effectively conduct background checks,  especially across State lines.   Faults in our criminal background check system can leave our children  vulnerable to bad actors. No child should ever be placed in the care of  an unqualified or dangerous person.   S. 2683 will help States address challenges in implementing  background checks required under current law, ensuring our children  receive the safest and highest quality of care possible.   I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense legislation.   