 What a good speech here. We don't hear them like that  every day.   To my colleague Senator Jones, 3 years was not a long time here, but  we feel his presence. I can tell you that I have known Doug a long  time. I remember I came to the U.S. House when he came up to work in  the Senate for Senator Heflin in the Judiciary Committee and so forth.   I supported him when he was nominated by President Clinton to be the  U.S. attorney in the Northern District of Alabama, where he did a  tremendous job. I worked with him day after day, as we all do, on a lot  of issues that affected the country but affected, especially, our State  of Alabama at times, and we worked hand in glove.   We have become friends. We have our differences, but we also have a  lot of things that he talked about today where we would come together  for the State and for the country.   I wish him well. I think we will hear more from him in the weeks  ahead, in the months ahead. I certainly hope so. He has a lot to give.   He has a great family. He has a great wife in Louise and a great  partner there.   He has a great staff and we worked together and we will continue to  do this.   But one theme--and I like that he kept expounding on it here today-- that if we work together in the Senate, Republicans and Democrats, we  get things done; if not, things don't happen.   I wish Senator Jones Godspeed and wish him the best   Mr. President, today I would like to speak about my fellow Alabama  colleague and friend, Senator Doug Jones.   I have known Doug Jones since he was a young staffer working for  Senator Howell Heflin on the Senate Judiciary Committee. During his 3  years as a Member in the Senate, I believe we have worked well  together.   He and his staff have shown a lot of professionalism and class while  in Washington. He is respected by all of his colleagues on both sides  of the aisle.   While we may not agree on every policy, Doug understands the Senate  and respects the institution. It has been an honor to serve with him.   Annette and I have enjoyed spending time with Doug and Louise, and we  wish them all the best.   Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor.   