 Mr. Speaker, I thank Dr. Roe for his service. Congress  will miss him next year. We will miss his expertise especially in this  time of crisis in the Nation.   But I am going to make my remarks very brief to remind the American  people who are watching what we were talking about back in spring about  the possibilities of how this pandemic comes to an end. The  possibilities really were, well, the virus weakens on its own, but we  haven't seen that at all, or a vaccine is developed.   I will tell you, Mr. Speaker, because I have had NIH grants, an NIH  grant is usually written for a 3-year period with a renewal because  that is usually how long it takes to even begin to make a discovery.  With vaccines it is typically 5 to 10 years.   What we are talking about now, because of what this administration  has done, is to have a vaccine being administered, being declared safe  by the FDA potentially within 10 months of conceptualizing a vaccine.   As Dr. Roe knows, I sit on the Health Subcommittee of the  Appropriations Committee, and foundations for Operation Warp Speed were  laid by this administration years ago when they increased funding to  the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority which we  call BARDA. One of the things they did is decide to heavily invest in  vaccine technology and vaccine production, because it is one thing to  discover the vaccine and to prove it is safe, it is another thing to  make hundreds of millions of doses. Think about it, Mr. Speaker, you  actually have to make the glass vials and you have to have the facility  that can produce that. That is exactly what this administration has  done through BARDA over the last few years, have those facilities in  the United States.   This isn't like some of the PPE that we have to outsource overseas.  We have the ability in this country to create hundreds of millions of  vaccines, and we likely will by next year. Again, this is very, very  unusual.   Mr. Speaker, as you will hear from a lot of the doctors tonight, it  is very unusual to be able to do this within months, to be able to tell  the American people that there is light at the end of the tunnel and  that we see the end of this pandemic because, again, as the American  people know, your own local school board may have said: We really can't  go back to school full-time until there is a vaccine.   Well, Mr. Speaker, we are going to have that vaccine because this  administration has cut through the red tape with Operation Warp Speed,  ensuring a safe and effective vaccine that can be produced for hundreds  of millions of people. That is really phenomenal. Because once we take  care of the United States, then we can actually take care of the world  health and this pandemic. That will be truly a wonderful thing.   I want to thank Dr. Roe for leading this tonight and for giving me  the opportunity to remind the American people that from the very  beginning we said the vaccine was the solution, and this administration  is delivering that solution.    Mr. Speaker, if you think about it, the herd is h-e-r-d,  just like a herd of critters. In this case we talk about humans.   If you think about it, Mr. Speaker, your chance of contracting, in  this case, a respiratory virus is proportional to the number of people  you come in contact with who could spread it to you.   Conventional wisdom is that if 60 or 70 percent of the people have  had the virus or are immune to the virus, either naturally by having  the virus or by having a vaccine, then your chance of contracting it  goes way down because your chance of coming in contact with someone who  has that virus or is not immune to it has gone way down. You achieve  functionally what is called herd immunity; that is, your chance of  developing that virus is much, much lower. So it means that you can  begin to do some of the things, to draw back on some of those  restrictions that we have now that people are so upset with.   That is what a vaccine promises to deliver because certainly a  percent of the population now has immunity by having had the virus, but  a much larger percent will have immunity because they are vaccinated  and therefore can't get it nor can spread it to someone else. It is a  very important public health concept.   It looks like if these vaccines are approved by year end or early  next year, by next summer--I tell this to people in my district--we  could actually have a normal summer.   Wouldn't that be nice?   We could actually have a normal summer.   