 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise to caution my colleagues about this false  dilemma of security versus freedom and about supporting and defending  our Constitution against all enemies foreign or domestic by abridging  the rights and freedoms protected by our Constitution.   I want to applaud, frankly, the behind-the-scenes folks on the  committees who worked hard to make this bill better than the status  quo. Many of my colleagues will look at this, and, frankly, that has  been the argument by the ranking member and the chairman that this bill  really isn't that good of a bill, that it is really not what we should  do, but it is better than the status quo.   Too often that is what happens here. I think that might leave people  with the false perception that we couldn't do better. But the reality  is there is bipartisan agreement and bicameral agreement on the  Safeguarding Americans' Private Records Act.   The bill that the committee was going to move forward with was  pulled. The committee process didn't take place because there was a  bipartisan coalition of conservatives and progressives who had a plan  to amend the bill. It may, in fact, have been a completely different  bill.   We also didn't take it through committee. We also didn't allow any  amendments, so numerous good amendments weren't even able to be  considered, amendments like the confess your transgressions amendment  that would say that, of all these agencies that report, the Director of  National Intelligence would say: What has been done to discipline  people who access these records in violation of statute?   My colleague, Mr. Biggs, highlighted the real problem. There is one  standard for everyday Americans and a different one for the powerful  and connected. Our Justice Department needs to hold someone  accountable. Whether it is in my district, in a Republican district, or  one of my colleagues' districts, in a Democratic district, we get the  same question: When is someone going to jail?   We need to know that the law is being followed, that Lady Justice  does have a blindfold on, and that there is one standard. This falls  far short of that, and it is not the standard that should be used  against American citizens; therefore, it is not the standard that  should be used to secure our country.   