 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I don't think anyone is surprised that  Democrats have not reacted well to the idea that President Trump will  nominate a third Supreme Court Justice. After all, overreacting to  Republican nominees is pretty much the Democrats' stock-in-trade. It  doesn't matter who the nominee is. To hear the Democrats tell it, any  Republican nominee is likely to bring about Armageddon.   The fact that some Republican nominees in past years, and as recently  as this past June, have sided with the liberal wing of the Court more  often than I would like has not in any way restrained Democrats'  hysteria each time a new Republican nominee is introduced.   I thought we had reached a low point 2 years ago with the nomination  of Justice Kavanaugh, who suffered months of character assassination at  the hands of Democrats, but it turns out that was not the low point  because we have reached a new low.   As I said, it is no surprise the Democrats have reacted with hysteria  at the prospect of President Trump nominating another Supreme Court  Justice. It was disappointing--but hardly surprising--that yesterday  the Democratic leader blocked a key Intelligence Committee hearing on  election security, a topic he has repeatedly insisted is of  overwhelming importance, to protest the thought of the Senate  fulfilling its advice and consent role and confirming a principled,  conservative woman. Even Speaker Pelosi's overwrought statement that  Republicans are ``coming after your children,'' seemed pretty much par  for the course.   Democrats have not limited themselves to temper tantrums. No,  Democrats have moved on to threats. Dare to confirm the President's  duly nominated nominee, Democrats are now saying, and if we win back  the majority in November, we will eliminate the legislative filibuster  and pack the Supreme Court.   In other words, if Republicans dare to fulfill the Senate's role of  advising and consenting to the President's nominee, Democrats will  upend our democratic institutions. They will eliminate the legislative  filibuster, which is the Senate rule that helps ensure legislation that  passes the Senate has to be at least somewhat bipartisan.   And they will pack the Supreme Court. For those who need a brief  refresher on the concept of court packing, which had been largely  consigned to the dustbin of history nearly a century ago, the theory is  as follows: If the Supreme Court is not deciding cases to your liking,  add more Justices to the Court until you start getting the decisions  that you want. In other words, let Republicans dare to fill the vacant  slot on the Supreme Court, and Democrats will keep adding Justices to  the Court until they can be assured they will get the outcome they want  in every case.   Yesterday, I referred to those Democrats as undemocratic. Why did I  say that? They are inconsistent with democratic government. In our  system of  [[Page S5799]]  government, you win some and you lose some. While it is no fun when you  lose, that is how things sometimes go in a democracy. Have Republicans  been enthusiastic when Democrat Presidents have had nominees confirmed  to the Supreme Court? No, but have Republicans suggested that Democrat  Supreme Court Justices are illegitimate? Have we suggested that the  proper response to a Democrat Supreme Court nominee is to pack the  Supreme Court with additional Republican Justices to get a rubberstamp  for Republican priorities? No, of course not.   While we may not like it when Democrats are in charge, we know that  Democrat-run government is legitimate, just as Republican-run  government is legitimate. It has become clear over the past few years-- especially over the past few days--that Democrats think government is  legitimate only when they are in charge. So Democrats are accusing  Republicans of undermining our institutions by fulfilling our  constitutional role because that is exactly what we are doing:  fulfilling our constitutional role.   Let's be very clear about that. Republicans are suggesting that we  take up a Supreme Court nominee duly nominated by a duly elected  President and confirm that nominee in accord with our constitutional  advice and consent role.   Democrats are free to think that Republicans should not consider this  nominee, but it is absolutely indisputable that Republicans and the  President are doing nothing more than carrying out a legitimate  constitutional prerogative.   What Democrats are doing, on the other hand, is trying to ensure that  only one party has a say in our government--what some might call  tyranny--and threatening retribution for the exercise of legitimate  constitutional prerogatives. That does pose a danger to our  institutions.   Take the Supreme Court. A year ago, several Democrats warned that the  Court's nonpartisan reputation was in jeopardy. Their argument was that  the Court would look partisan if it did continue with a case the  Democrats didn't like. What on Earth do Democrats think will happen to  the Court's reputation if they pack the Court with additional Democrats  to rubberstamp their policies? Do they really think Americans are going  to see the Supreme Court as legitimate once it has been hijacked for  partisan Democratic purposes?   If you believe in our system of government, you have to believe that  all Americans--not just those who agree with you--have a right to have  a voice in the government. You are free to vehemently disagree with 50  percent of your fellow Americans. You are free to dislike it when your  party is not in charge. You are free to fight fiercely for the policies  and candidates you believe in. But what you cannot do without  undermining our entire system is suggest that government is legitimate  only when your party is in charge.   If Democrats continue along this dangerous trajectory, if they  continue to try to delegitimize the actions of a duly elected Senate  majority and a duly elected President, they are the ones who will put  our entire system at risk.   If anyone wonders for a moment whether Democrats are advocating a  principled position--if perhaps Democrats really think it would be best  for our country to eliminate the legislative filibuster Democrats have  used so often or to expand the Supreme Court--one can simply ask  whether Democrats will continue to advocate for these positions if  President Trump is reelected and Republicans retain control of the  Senate. Think about that one. I think everyone here knows what the  answer to that question is, and the answer is no.   As I suggested, Democrats' threats are not going to stop Republicans  from carrying out our constitutional role in considering the  President's nominee. One of the principle reasons that many GOP  Senators, myself included, ran for office in the first place was to  confirm principled judges to our courts--judges who understand that  their role is to interpret the law, not make the law.   While many of my Democrat colleagues would like the courts to impose  their policies when they can't push them through Congress, Republicans  know that legislation should come from Congress and not from the  courts. The job of judges is to interpret the law as it is written, not  to oppose Democrat or Republican policies from the bench.   My colleagues and I were elected and reelected, in part, because of  our commitment to confirming judges who would uphold the Constitution  and the rule of law. We have followed through on that commitment over  the past 4 years, and we are going to keep following through by voting  on the President's nominee.   Democrats can bluster. They can threaten. They can throw temper  tantrums. But we will keep doing what we were sent here to do   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I say to my colleague from North Dakota how  much we appreciate his leadership. He is a relentless advocate for the  farmers and ranchers of North Dakota and across this country. We share  a border, but we also have a lot of commonality in the people whom we  represent. They are hard-working people who work from dawn to dusk to  feed not only this country but the world.   It has been no easy task being in agriculture during these last few  years for lots of reasons, as my colleague from North Dakota has  pointed out, whether it be from, of course, most recently, COVID, but  also from chronically low and depressed commodity prices, coupled with  bad weather, coupled with trade disputes, and difficulties with markets  here and around the world. Farmers and ranchers have had a tough and  difficult road these past few years, so it is critically important that  we continue to be there for them.   As my colleague from North Dakota pointed out, there was a concern  because what we had heard initially would be in the continuing  resolution that was coming over from the House--that will fund the  government and that we will pass, hopefully, later this week in the  Senate--was not going to include funding for agriculture and for all of  those programs that keep ag running that we authorized in the farm  bill.   A key Member of the House Agriculture Committee, Senator Boozman, of  Arkansas, who is also a key member of that committee--in fact, he is  somebody we hope to be the next chairman of that committee--and the  current chairman of our authorizing committee, Senator Roberts, of  Kansas, who, I think, will be down here in just a few minutes, all  played an important role, along with the ag community. All of the  organizations that Senator Hoeven is going to talk about engaged right  away when they realized what was happening, and we were able to work  together to solve that.   Now we will consider on the floor of the Senate the continuing  resolution to fund the government that does include funding for the  Commodity Credit Corporation, which provides the funds that keep all of  those agricultural programs that we authorize when we do a farm bill.  The last farm bill was in 2018, and we were all involved with that. It  would keep all of those programs funded, and that is critically  important. It has never been more important than it is right now in our  coming out of the pandemic. Food security is an absolutely essential  priority. It should be for our country, and it certainly should be for  the Members of Congress in both the House and the Senate.   I thank my colleague Senator Hoeven. As I said, he is a strong,  strong voice for our agricultural producers. When he and I and those  from Arkansas and Kansas and Nebraska--those of us from farm country-- work together and put together coalitions at times like this, it is  only due to that advocacy we have heard from Senator Hoeven and others  that has enabled us to be successful.   I am glad that we have gotten the right outcome here, and it is  something to celebrate. Obviously, our farmers and ranchers across the  country are going to be, I think, enormously grateful that we have been  able to get this problem resolved.   I thank the Senator for his leadership, and I look forward to  continuing to work with my colleagues on those issues that are  important in farm country that will help our farmers and ranchers not  only survive but, hopefully, prosper into the future.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from West Virginia (Mrs. Capito), the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr.  Johnson).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from West Virginia (Mrs. Capito) and the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr.  Johnson).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from West Virginia (Mrs. Capito), the Senator from Wisconsin  (Mr. Johnson), and the Senator from Arizona (Ms. McSally).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the  Senator from West Virginia (Mrs. Capito), the Senator from Wisconsin  (Mr. Johnson), and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. Moran).   