 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr.  Woodall), my good friend, for yielding. I thank him for his very  eloquent remarks about our departed colleague,   John Lewis, as well.  It was very appropriately done.   Mr. Speaker, this rule brings just a very mixed bag before the  Congress of the United States. It covers four different bills. Two of  those bills, quite frankly, shouldn't be on this floor at all. The  Democrats actually broke their own rules in bringing those bills, the  two bills dealing with childcare.   It is not that the subject isn't important. It is extraordinarily  important. That is why it should have gone through the committee  process and been marked up. Probably since this deals with COVID-19, it  is more appropriately dealt with in what I hope will be another  supplemental, but these bills simply aren't ready for the floor.   The other bill, which my friend referred to at length, the lands bill  out of the Senate, is a good bill. Now, I would have preferred, as my  friend would, that we would have put some other amendments there, some  that our good friend, the ranking member, Mr. Bishop of Utah, brought  forward. I think we could have made it more prudent and had a better  chance of having a sustaining bill.   But getting that authorization done is a rare opportunity this late  in the cycle in a divisive year, and I don't want to miss that  opportunity. We can come back later and try and make it better, but I  certainly intend to support that legislation. It is an important step  forward in our environment.   I am going to reserve most of my remarks, Mr. Speaker, for the NDAA.  And I, too, like everybody up here, want to thank our colleagues, the  chairman and the ranking member, Mr. Smith and Mr. Thornberry, for  working together so well and bringing us a really well-crafted product.   That bill came out of committee 56-0. There weren't a lot of  amendments. There were 600-odd amendments in the committee, another  700, I guess, that we are going to deal with here on the floor. So this  has been working, but the point is they found a way to come together.   Now, we as a House are going to have an opportunity to make their  work even better or, frankly, make it worse. I hope we choose the  latter.   I am going to disagree very respectfully with my good friend, the  chairman of the Rules Committee. We don't overfund defense. As a matter  of fact, if you look at it historically, in 1960, the height of the  Cold War, we spent 9 percent of our gross national product on defense  and 50 percent of the Federal budget. That fell to a third of the  Federal budget and 6 percent under Ronald Reagan in a great defense  buildup. It fell to 3\1/2\ percent under President Clinton. It is down  to between 3\1/2\ and less than 4 percent today.    So we don't overspend. And we have dangerous adversaries overseas  that are modernizing rapidly--certainly, the Chinese are; certainly,  the Russians are--and making enormous investments. So I think it would  be a huge mistake to adopt the amendment that my friend intends to  support; although, again, that is what we have these debates for.   It is important to remember that, in the world we live, when it comes  to military power, first place is the only safe place. This bill will  keep the United States where it belongs: preeminently in first place.   So with that, Mr. Speaker, I want to thank, again, my friend and  thank everybody here for their remarks about Representative Lewis, a  giant amongst all of us. He will be sorely missed. His voice would have  been a wonderful voice today.   