 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to express my  opposition to the War Powers Act resolution that is making its way  through Congress. I believe it is designed to hurt our President  politically, while inflicting long-term damage to our national security  and military readiness.   Iranian provocation is nothing new. In the last several months, they  have drastically and intentionally escalated tensions in the region.  After several measured responses, President Trump made the appropriate  decision to eliminate General Soleimani, a terrorist mastermind who  ordered and helped carry out many attacks on American personnel and our  allies.   I want to emphasize an overlooked point here. General Soleimani was  killed in Iraq, not Iran. He was in Iraq, in a car with another known  terrorist, driving to meet militia members who recently fired rockets  at Americans, killing an American contractor with rocket fire, and  tried to storm our Embassy. I am going to remind everybody that our  Embassy in Baghdad is sovereign U.S. territory.   Whether through an existing authorization to use military force or  the War Powers Act, President Trump was well within his legal bounds to  take action against a known terrorist sitting in Iraq plotting attacks  against U.S. citizens. It would have been culpable negligence to not  act on the intelligence informing us of General Soleimani's position,  location, and his imminent plans to attack again soon. I thank God the  days of appeasement are behind us and we learned from history.  President Trump averted another Benghazi-like tragedy.   The President made Iranian leadership pay a price for its aggression.  His decisive action made Iran realize that the cost of escalation was  more than they can afford, and it worked. Without the loss of American  life, while following our Constitution and laws, President Trump  deescalated tensions with Iran and, through a clear message of  strength, made war less likely.   My colleagues on the other side of this issue know all of this well.  They watched it play out in real time, just like the rest of us. Yet,  whether it is their deeply rooted disdain for this President or a  misunderstanding of the threats that the United States faces every day,  they want to limit the President's ability to protect Americans abroad.   The legislation they are promoting requires termination or in some  cases complete withdrawal of our forces without any strategic or  tactical considerations. Such actions are not based on military  doctrine, the recommendations of senior military leaders, or even  foreign policy experts; they would be based solely on politics and  would constitute a strategic long-term loss in exchange for what they  think would be a short-term political win.   Ultimately, my colleagues who support this resolution refuse to  accept the undeniable reality that the concept of peace through  strength works. Removing the powers and capabilities of our military  leaders that keep our country safe will not make us safer.   Whether through personal animosity toward our President or a  misunderstanding of the importance of deterring our enemies, some in  this Chamber are advocating for changes that would make our country  less safe. I will not support their efforts, and I urge the rest of my  colleagues to do the same.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   