 Mr. Speaker, even during these challenging times, most  Americans recognize that when they get home, they find a habitable  place and the lights come on with the flip of a switch. But preserving  future American energy independence and energy efficiency is a greater  challenge.   The climate crisis that we confront today is not just about  endangered polar bears and Antarctic ice sheets that are melting and  will submerge our coastal areas; it is here and now with our erratic  weather, with our soaring  [[Page H4911]]  temperatures, and with blazing wildfires across the country. Energy- efficient technology shouldn't be the ``alternative,'' it should be the  regular standard.   Now, while my home State of Texas is the national leader in  greenhouse gas pollution and in climate deniers, it is also the home to  really significant growth in wind power, the leading State in the  country, and a growing source of solar power.   Investments in clean energy protect taxpayer investments and promote  public health and safety. These investments ensure America is leading  on the road to clean energy, not being run over by it.    Mr. Speaker, as Congress considers new investments in  research and development, let's direct our efforts where we can achieve  the greatest savings and the greatest efficiency.   While carbon capture and storage, the process of capturing carbon  dioxide formed in power generation and some industrial processes, has  potential, many substantial questions remain about its cost- effectiveness compared to other low-emission technologies, particularly  since hundreds of millions of dollars in current tax subsidies are  directed, often improperly, to those promoting fossil fuels.   Accordingly, the amendment I have offered that is included in this en  bloc amendment gets the facts for taxpayers by asking the National  Academy of Sciences to evaluate the efficacy of carbon capture  technology and evaluate industries regarding its potential.   Enough of the fossilized thinking about fossil fuels. Let's explore  all available tools and technologies, while ensuring that taxpayer  dollars are utilized to achieve maximum savings, because energy savings  could mean the difference between the Earth's saving and its  destruction.   Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the amendment.   