 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, the President of the United States is  charged with committing a grave injury to our democracy: trying to  shake down a foreign leader to get him to interfere in our elections,  using the powers of his public office to benefit himself and jaundice  our elections. These are the kinds of actions the Framers of our  Constitution most feared when they forged the impeachment powers of the  Congress.   The House of Representatives decided the President's conduct  warranted his impeachment. The Senate's constitutional duty now is to  try that case to the best of our ability with honesty, with integrity,  with impartially, and with fairness.   A fair trial is one that considers all the facts and gives the  Senators all the information they need to make an informed decision.  That means relevant witnesses. That means relevant documents. That  means the truth. Without these things, a Senate trial would become a  farce, a nationally televised meeting of the mock trial club.   There is a reason that, with one exception, every impeachment trial  of any official in the history of the United States has featured  witnesses. That one exception was the trial of a fellow Senator in the  18th century, and the question of his impeachment was dismissed on  jurisdictional grounds before the issue of witnesses could ever come  up. Every other trial has had witnesses. So when Leader McConnell talks  precedent, he is talking about witnesses, plain and simple.   The Democratic request for four fact witnesses and three specific  sets of relevant documents is very much in line with our history. We  don't know what those witnesses will say. We don't know what those  documents will reveal. They could help the President's case, or they  could hurt it. Regardless of the consequences for the President,  Democrats are on a quest for the truth.   At the moment, Leader McConnell and Senate Republicans are opposing  witnesses and documents, but they can't seem to muster a real reason  why. Instead, Leader McConnell and the Republican leadership have  labeled a Democratic request for witnesses and documents as  ``political.'' If seeking the truth is political, if doing our  constitutional duty is political in the minds of our Republican  colleagues, then the Republican Party is in trouble. History is not  kind to political parties that fight to hide the truth. History is not  kind to parties that participate in coverups.   If anything, these absurd accusations by Republicans demonstrate just  how unable Republicans have been to make an affirmative case about why  the Senate shouldn't ask for evidence. The Republican argument against  calling witnesses is basically nonexistent. The most commonly repeated  talking point from the other side is that we should follow the example  of the 1999 Clinton trial by deciding on witnesses after both sides  complete their presentations.   Republicans are so unwilling to argue against witnesses, they can  only support delaying the decision, like a broken Magic 8 Ball that  keeps saying ``Ask again later.'' Leader McConnell has represented his  position as being fair and open-minded. He has said he is not  foreclosing the possibility of witnesses--the Senate should just  discuss them later. As I have made clear, this makes no sense from a  trial perspective. Why should both sides make their entire  presentations before even considering requesting evidence? Leader  McConnell's proposal is completely backward and through the looking  glass.   Let's consider what, practically speaking, Leader McConnell is  suggesting when he claims to be open to witnesses at a later date. What  does he really mean when he says that?   In the 1999 Clinton trial, the Senate waited 3 weeks into the trial  to confront the issue of witnesses. Once they decided on three  witnesses, with the support of several Senate Republicans here today,  including Leader McConnell, it took time for the witnesses to be  deposed and for the Senate to consider what they had submitted.  Ultimately, the Clinton trial ran for 2 more weeks.   I want my fellow Republican Senators to ask themselves: After the  Senate concludes the part of the trial that Leader McConnell wants to  get through, do you think he really wants to extend the trial by  several weeks? Leader McConnell has gone on record and said that he  wants the trial to span 2 weeks total. Leader McConnell has gone on  record and said: ``After we've heard the arguments, we ought to vote  and move on.''   Are we to believe that Leader McConnell, after 2 weeks is up, will  really have an open mind about extending the trial several more weeks,  or does he want to delay the question of witnesses and documents until  later and then, when the time comes, exert enormous pressure on  Republicans to reject them to avoid prolonging the trial? He will say:  We can't go on any further; let's just end it. Every Republican--every  Republican--should ask themselves that question.   Democrats are not advocating a lengthy and drawn-out trial. That is  why we proposed handling this issue up front, so evidence can be part  of the presentations and so we don't have to extend the trial  unnecessarily. We have proposed a schedule that would save the Senate a  whole lot of time.   Before voting on a resolution that would punt the question of  witnesses until after all the presentations are complete, Senate  Republicans must ask themselves: What are Leader McConnell's true  intentions?    I announce that the Senator from Colorado (Mr. Bennet),  the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Booker), the Senator from Illinois  (Mr. Durbin), the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. Klobuchar), the Senator  from Massachusetts (Mr. Markey), the Senator from Vermont (Mr.  Sanders), the Senator from Virginia (Mr. Warner), and the Senator from  Massachusetts (Ms. Warren) are necessarily absent.   