 Mr. President, as I rise today to discuss this impeachment  trial, I am reminded of an inscription above the front door of the  Finance Building in Harrisburg, PA, from the 1930s. Here is the  inscription: ``All public service is a trust, given in faith and  accepted in honor.''   I believe that President Trump and every public official in America  must earn that trust every day. That sacred trust is given to us, as  the inscription says, ``in faith,'' by virtue of our election.   The question for the President and every public official is this:  Will we accept this trust by our honorable conduct? The trust set forth  in the inscription is an echo of Alexander Hamilton's words in  Federalist No. 65, where Hamilton articulated the standard for  impeachment as ``offenses which proceed from the misconduct of public  men, or, in other words, from the abuse or violation of some public  trust.''   Over the past 2 weeks, I have listened carefully to the arguments put  forward by the President's defense lawyers and the House managers. In  light of the substantial record put forth by the managers in this case,  I have determined that the managers have not only met but exceeded  their burden of proof.   President Trump violated his duty as a public servant by corruptly  abusing his power to solicit foreign interference in the 2020 election  and by repeatedly obstructing Congress's constitutionally based  investigation into his conduct.   President Trump's clearly established pattern of conduct indicates  that he will continue to be ``a threat to national security and the  Constitution if allowed to remain in office.'' For these reasons, I  will vote guilty on both article I and article II.   This impeachment was triggered by the President's conduct. We are  here because the President abused his power--the awesome power of his  office--to demand that an ally investigate a political opponent,  proving his contempt for the Constitution and his duties as a public  official.   The House managers provided substantial evidence of wrongdoing.  First, as to article I regarding abuse of power, many of the facts here  are undisputed. For example, there is no dispute that the President has  said, when referring to the Constitution itself: ``Article II allows me  to do whatever I want.'' This is what the President of the United  States of America said.   Then he withheld congressionally authorized military assistance to  Ukraine in a White House meeting with President Zelensky and  conditioned that military assistance and the meeting on Ukraine  publicly announcing investigations into Vice President Biden and his  son, as well as a debunked conspiracy theory about the 2016 election  interference. The memorandum of the July 25 phone call in which  President Trump asked President Zelensky ``to do us a favor though,''  after Zelensky brought up in the conversation military assistance, that  evidence is compelling evidence of wrongdoing.   The President reiterated on the White House lawn on October 3 that  Ukraine should ``start a major investigation into the Bidens'' before  adding that China should also ``start an investigation into the  Bidens.''   President Trump's own politically appointed Ambassador to the  European Union, Gordon Sondland, explicitly testified that the meeting  and the assistance were conditioned on announcing--announcing--the  investigations.   The President's defense lawyers first insisted on this floor that he  ``did absolutely nothing wrong.'' But later, after even Republican  Senators would not make that claim, the new justification for his  misconduct was ``corruption'' and ``burden-sharing.''   If the President were so concerned about corruption in Ukraine, why  did he dismiss one of our best corruption-fighting diplomats, Marie  Yovanovitch? In May, the Department of Defense also certified-- certified--that Ukraine had taken ``substantial actions'' to decrease  corruption.   If there were legitimate foreign policy concerns about corruption,  the President would not have released aid to Ukraine without delay in  2017 and in 2018, only to delay it in 2019, after Joe Biden announced  his run for President.   If there were legitimate foreign policy concerns, the President would  not have been interested in pursuing investigations based on--as Dr.  Fiona Hill testified--a ``fictional narrative that is being perpetrated  and propagated by the Russian security services'' to raise doubts about  Russia's own culpability in the 2016 election interference and to harm  the relationship between the United States and Ukraine.   Furthermore, the President's defense team would have us believe that  he legitimately asserted executive privilege over the House's well- founded impeachment inquiry, despite the fact that he never actually  asserted a privilege over a single document or witness. Rather, he  issued a blanket directive in which  [[Page S846]]  he refused to cooperate entirely with the House investigation. This  action not only obstructed the House's constitutional responsibility of  oversight, it also sought to cover up the President's corrupt abuse of  power.   At the time of the drafting of the Constitution, the Framers'  understanding of ``high Crimes and Misdemeanors'' was informed by  centuries of English legal precedent. This understanding was reflected  in the language of Federalist No. 65 that I referred to earlier  regarding ``an abuse or violation of some public trust.'' Based on this  history, both Chambers of Congress have consistently interpreted ``high  Crimes and Misdemeanors'' broadly to mean ``serious violations of the  public trust.''   The President's defense lawyers argued that impeachment requires the  violation of a criminal statute to be constitutionally valid. This  argument is offensive, dangerous, and not supported by historical  precedent, credible scholarship, or common sense about the sacred  notion of the public trust.   When applying the impeachment standard of an ``abuse or violation of  some public trust,'' it is clear that President Trump's conduct  exceeded that standard. Any effort to corrupt our next election must be  met with swift accountability, as provided for in the impeachment  clause in the Constitution. There is no other remedy to constrain a  President who has acted time and again to advance his personal  interests over those of the Nation.   Furthermore, as demonstrated through Special Counsel Mueller's report  regarding Russian interference in the 2016 election and the substantial  evidence presented in this impeachment trial and the House proceedings,  President Trump has engaged in ongoing efforts to solicit foreign  interference in our elections.   As the Washington Post reported on September the 21st in a story  written by three reporters who have covered the President for several  years, the President's conduct on the Ukraine phone call revealed a  ``President convinced of his own invincibility--apparently willing and  even eager to wield the vast powers of the United States to taint a  political foe and confident that no one could hold him back.''   This President will abuse his power again.   At the outset of this trial and throughout the proceedings, Senate  Democrats and 75 percent of the American people have repeatedly called  for relevant witnesses and relevant documents to be subpoenaed to  ensure a full and fair trial for all parties. For example, we sought  testimony from former National Security Advisor John Bolton, whose  unpublished manuscript indicates that the President explicitly told  Bolton that he wanted to continue the delay in military assistance to  Ukraine until it announced the political investigations he was seeking.  Fifty-one Senate Republicans refused to examine this or other relevant  evidence, thereby rigging this trial to the benefit of the President.  Fair trials have witnesses and documents. Coverups have neither.   This is the third Presidential impeachment trial in our country's  history, and it is the only one--the only one--to be conducted without  calling a single witness. In fact, every completed impeachment trial in  history has included new witnesses who were not even interviewed in the  House of Representatives. Senate Republicans slammed the door shut on  relevant testimony, contrary to the national interest.   Our Founders had the foresight to ensure that the power of the  President was not unlimited and that Congress could, if necessary, hold  the Executive accountable for abuses of power through the impeachment  process. This trial is not simply about grave Presidential abuse of  power; it is about our democracy, the sanctity of our elections, and  the very values that the Founders agreed should guide our Nation.   I go back to the beginning and that inscription: ``All public service  is a trust, given in faith and accepted in honor.'' President Trump  dishonored that public trust and thereby abused his power for personal  political gain. In order to prevent continuing interference in our  upcoming election and blatant obstruction of Congress, I will vote  guilty on both articles.   I yield the floor.   