 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of en bloc Amendment No. 1  which includes my amendments number 16 to the State and Foreign  Operations division and number 123 to the Military Construction and  Veterans Affairs division of the bill.   The first of these would provide an additional $1.5 million for  counterterrorisrn financing. Our nation is facing unprecedented  international challenges including an out-of-control pandemic, a global  economic slowdown due to the coronavirus, and stepped up efforts by  authoritarian governments to undermine democratic institutions both  here and around the world.   Unfortunately, these new trials do not diminish the importance of  other critical longstanding challenges we have been tackling, including  the threat of extremist groups and their terrorist tactics. Indeed,  some groups have been trying to take advantage of the coronavirus  pandemic to bolster their agendas and attract more recruits.   As Chairman of the Oversight National Security Subcommittee and Co- Chair of the Task Force on Terrorism and Proliferation Financing, I  have seen how money is a lifeline for these groups. Cutting off  financing is key to thwarting their efforts, and the best way to do  that is by working with our allies. This additional funding will allow  us to work even more closely with even more nations to starve these  extremists of the capital they need to disseminate their agenda and  carry out terror attacks.   My second amendment, number 123, would provide an additional $1.5  million for veterans' suicide prevention through the PREVENTS  initiative. We are still seeing a suicide rate among our veterans that  is unacceptably and tragically high at one-and-a-half times that of  civilians. with women veterans twice as likely to die by suicide as  their civilian counterparts.   I chaired a National Security Subcommittee hearing last May examining  veteran and active-duty military suicides, as well as efforts by the  Department of Defense ( DOD) and the Department of Veterans Affairs  (VA) to combat this problem. The testimony highlighted the need for  comprehensive solutions that span the DOD and the VA, with a focus on  high quality healthcare, provider training and education, and access to  services and resources.   Both the DOD and VA have made significant efforts to provide more  services and outreach to prevent suicides among our servicemembers and  veterans, but there is always much more that can be done. This  additional funding will support public-private partnerships designed to  provide greater access to the vital help that can save the lives of our  brave men and women after they leave the military.   I would like to thank Appropriations Committee Chairwoman Lowey and  Ranking member Granger for including these amendments in this en bloc.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of en bloc Amendment No. 2  which includes my amendment number 17 to the State and Foreign  Operations division to provide an additional $5 million for U.S.  demining activities.   Mr. Speaker, antipersonnel landmines continue to injure and kill  thousands of men. women. and children every year. These devices arc  indiscriminate and can explode years or even decades after wars are  ended and peace agreements are signed. All it takes is for a car to  pass or a person to walk over the wrong place at the wrong time to  devastate a life and a family.   Thankfully, there are a number of humanitarian organizations that arc  working tirelessly to find and safely remove these explosives.  Unfortunately, despite their valiant efforts, there still remain many  more antipersonnel landmines to be found and neutralized. I have had  the opportunity to examine the impact of landmines in places like  Lebanon, Somalia and Egypt, and believe that the United States has a  moral obligation to do all it can to support demining efforts, and that  is why I sought this increase.   I was proud to work with the Appropriations Committee in 2006 to get  an increase of $10 million to the State Department's Humanitarian  Demining account and am grateful that it has accepted my amendment for  an increase of $5 million to this year's appropriations bill. This  additional funding will save countless more lives and spare thousands  from having to live with devastating injuries.   I would like to thank Appropriations Committee Chairwoman Lowey and  Ranking member Granger for including this amendment in the en bloc.   