 Mr. Speaker, I agree with my colleagues across the  aisle. This should not be a partisan matter. We shouldn't have to be  here today. But unfortunately, the Democrats decided to make this  partisan.   I begged to be allowed to make an amendment because this is one slap  at a man who has already made clear, yes, he wants to stop fraudulent  voting and make sure that hadn't occurred, but he is going to abide by  the will of the people. Yet, they refused to allow any amendments.   It says, it is resolved that the House of Representatives ``intends  that there should be no disruptions by the President or any person in  power to overturn. . . .'' They would not accept a friendly amendment,  so it could be completely bipartisan, to say, ``or any candidate or  anyone acting on a candidate's behalf,'' which would have included the  President. Oh, no, we have to have a slap at the President.   As my friend Mr. Steube pointed out, it is not Republicans who have  divided this country in refusing to accept results of the elections.  No, you go back to 1860. November 6, 1860, Republican Abraham Lincoln  is elected President by a big margin, and then States start seceding.  They are not going to accept the results.  [[Page H5033]]    Abraham Lincoln was inaugurated. Back then, it was March 4, 1861.  States were already seceding. We are not accepting the results. And  they were, every one a Democrat, saying that we are not going to accept  that Republican's election to President.   Then, what do we hear from Hillary Clinton? She has been quoted as  saying that ``Joe Biden should not concede under any circumstances,  because I think this is going to drag out.''   Go back 100 years, after the Democrats refused to accept the results  of the election of 1860. In 1960, John F. Kennedy was elected, and I  have confirmed again today with someone who worked closely with Nixon  that he had information submitted to him that established that there  was much wrongdoing in Chicago, Illinois, fraudulent voting schemes.   Despite what any others may think about Richard Nixon, he made the  decision that the country could not stand that kind of divisiveness, so  he refused to pursue the fraud of which he was told there was plenty of  evidence in Chicago, Illinois. That is the way the Republicans have  been.   Then, we hear more sanctimonious talk about George W. Bush, and then  who contested the election? Well, Al Gore. He calls and concedes, and  then he later calls and backs it up. Thank goodness he wasn't President  when we needed a decisive leader.   But if you go through the chronology of Gore's defeat by President  Bush--and a recount ultimately showed that he did lose. Gore did lose;  Bush did win. But he was still contesting. He divided this Nation,  refused to accept the results of the election, brought up some of the  most ridiculous things from the butterfly ballot that kids in the fifth  grade had no problem with. Oh, but it is unfair because they can't  really understand it in that part of Florida. What an insult to those  people in Florida.   If you look now at what the Democratic Party is saying about this  election in response to President Trump saying, I just want to make  sure that it is not fraudulent voting; it is fair voting. And as long  as everything is legal and fair, you betcha, he will have a smooth  transition of power. He would agree to that.   But if you look, as reported on August 2 of this year, buried near  the end of Ben Smith's column is a report that ``Democrats have  participated in a `war game' in which they considered several possible  outcomes of the election. In one scenario, John Podesta, the former  chair of Hillary Clinton's Presidential campaign and a leading figure  in party circles, played former Vice President Joe Biden and refused to  concede the election.''   Then later it was posted--much more recently, I guess, that is  September 6: ``Democrats promise more violence if Joe Biden doesn't  defeat Trump by a landslide in the 2020 election. Rosa Brooks, a  leftist who writes for The Washington Post, penned a piece that stated  her research showed that the only scenario in November that would stop  the violence is if Biden wins in a landslide. That kind of attempt to  manipulate the voters by intimidation will just make Americans vote for  Trump.''   It was posted September 6 in the American Thinker. ``Democrats openly  say that if Trump is reelected, they are going to redouble their 4  years of madness, with special emphasis on the last 3 months of open  violence. Indeed, they are already planning to destabilize the election  and to contest if Trump wins, in hopes of a violent coup.''   And as if there is not a God in Heaven, today of all days, when this  that should have been bipartisan is brought to the floor to slam Donald  Trump, we have newly released information out today that has been  declassified. This report, on September 7, 2016: ``U.S. intelligence  officials forwarded an investigative referral to FBI Director James  Comey and Deputy Assistant Director of Counterintelligence Peter Strzok  regarding `U.S. Presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's approval of a  plan concerning U.S. Presidential candidate Donald Trump and Russian  hackers hampering U.S. elections as a means of distracting the public  from her use of a private mail server.' ''   Then further, it came out today: ``A former senior intelligence  official told saraacarter.com that it would make sense that Clinton's  plans would be usurped by the Russia's GRU, its military intelligence,  as well as Russia's FSB, its equivalent of the CIA, when former British  spy Christopher Steele began peddling the Russians for information.''   ``The real people colluding and conspiring with Russia were the  Democrats, Hillary Clinton, and Fusion GPS,'' stated the source. ``It  is the weaponization of the agencies and those like Clinton who built  their private Idaho in the U.S. bureaucracy. They gave the keys to the  kingdom to Russia to wreak chaos in our Nation for the past 4 years.''   Moreover, the information that came out today reveals that former CIA  Director John Brennan allegedly knew of Clinton's plans and briefed  President Obama on those plans in July 2016. It was the same month the  FBI opened up the Crossfire Hurricane investigation against President  Trump and his campaign--or candidate Trump and his campaign officials.   So, what a day, the day that more evidence comes out that it was  Hillary Clinton's campaign, the DNC, and they were refusing to go along  with the legal and fair election. Then, afterward, that whole  conspiracy, the dossier was used to try to prevent a President from  staying in office after sworn in, and we are supposed to vote now to  come after President Trump and demand he be legal and lawful in leaving  office.   He just wants fairness in the vote, and he will follow the will of  the people. It is a real shame that my friends across the aisle  wouldn't allow an amendment, so we could say to both sides: Follow the  will of the people; have a proper transition of power.   But, no, they wouldn't go there.    Mr. Speaker, I rise to bring forth the privileged  resolution, H. Res. 1148.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   