 Madam Speaker, I am no stranger to this debate. In  the aftermath of 9/11, I stood on this floor to advance the USA PATRIOT  Act. I still believe, as I did at the time, in its necessity to protect  our country from terrorist attacks.   In 2015, after abuses of the surveillance authorities were brought to  light, I fought for reforms that resulted in the passage of the USA  FREEDOM Act.   Today I rise in support of this reauthorization bill. The expiring  provisions are still necessary to the national security of the United  States. However, much like in 2015, we have been made aware of  surveillance abuses that require our attention. I believe this bill  offers substantial reforms to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance  Act, reforms that are imperative for accountability and the restoration  of Americans' confidence in our intelligence system.   The FISA abuses in the Carter Page case were staggering. We learned  about these when Inspector General Michael Horowitz released his report  on December 9, 2019. I said at the time that Congress had the  responsibility to fully examine his findings and to take corrective  actions.   Unfortunately, we have not fully examined this report. Despite being  released 3 months ago, we have not held one hearing on the House side.  There is documented evidence of errors, missteps, and omissions that  resulted in the degradation of Carter Page's constitutional rights,  and, to date, the House majority has largely ignored it.   So I am glad that the majority is finally acknowledging the abuses in  the Horowitz report by introducing corrective actions in this bill.   There are several good provisions for accountability in the bill. For  instance, the Attorney General must now approve, in writing, the FISA  investigation of an elected official or candidate for Federal office.  Also, the legislation expands the use of an amicus in cases involving  the political activities of U.S. citizens. The legislation creates  checks to ensure that information being presented to the FISC is  accurate.   It is impossible to legislate away bad behavior by malicious actors,  but this legislation places much-needed safeguards to prevent another  Carter Page-type scandal from happening again.   My colleagues who wish we should do more are right; we should do  more. But with a deadline on Sunday, we must either act now or let  these important national security authorities expire.   Since the inception of the PATRIOT Act, I have fought for oversight  of powerful surveillance apparatus. I believe that the reforms  presented in this bill are a good step to restoring the oversight.   The reauthorization reinforces essential and effective tools that  have been in place since 9/11, while also strengthening the protection  of citizen civil liberties in the United States.   