 Mr. Speaker, my amendment No. 330, which is included in  the en bloc amendment No. 2, ensures the 1,700 small businesses in my  district can receive assistance through grants from the Small Business  Development Center (SBDC) program and through FAST, the Federal and  State Technology program.   My district, the Northern Mariana Islands, is the only place in the  U.S. not included in these Small Business Administration (SBA)  programs, which help small businesses access the knowledge and capital  needed to grow and compete successfully for federal contracting  opportunities.   My bipartisan amendment would correct that by ensuring access on the  same basis as their counterparts across the nation. The amendment is  the text of my bill, H.R. 6021, the Northern Mariana Islands Small  Business Development Act. The Small Business Committee unanimously  reported the bill favorably in March.   Under my legislation, the Marianas can apply to establish a Lead  SBDC, which would make available renewable funding to expand the reach  and capacity of the existing SBDC service center on Saipan. With  additional funding, small businesses on Saipan, Tinian and Rota will  have better access to free or low-cost services such as incubator  workspaces for entrepreneurs, business planning, operations, and other  areas required for small business growth and success.   The amendment would also help our small businesses participate in  federal research and development opportunities. The legislation does  this by including the Marianas in the SBA 's FAST program which funds  outreach and assistance to small businesses interested in competing for  the Small Business Innovation Research and Small Business Technology  Transfer programs.   I urge the adoption of my amendment, so we can be sure that all small  businesses in our country can fully benefit from the SBDC and FAST  programs, regardless of where in our nation they happen to operate.   The gentlelady from American Samoa, Mrs. Radewagen, is a cosponsor of  the amendment.   I ask my colleagues to support the en bloc No. 2.   