 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I want to begin by thanking Congressman Serrano for his persistent  leadership on this issue, and I urge my colleagues to support this  legislation in a very strong bipartisan vote.   It is important we celebrate and understand the history of the Latino  community in this country and the contributions they have made since  the very beginning of this country and continue to make today.   I come from a State, the State of Rhode Island, where a very diverse  and vibrant Latino community has made an extraordinary difference in  the State of Rhode Island. We have leaders from the Latino community in  business, in the arts, in politics, and in education. We have been  blessed in so many ways by the extraordinary contributions of Latinos  in Rhode Island and all throughout our country.   This is a wonderful way to celebrate that history and honor this  great community. I urge everyone to support the bill.   Muchisimas gracias a todos.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I want to begin by acknowledging the extraordinary  leadership of Frederica Wilson, who has spent her entire life dedicated  to the well-being of young Black men and boys and has decades and  decades of incredible support of young people in her community. This  commission is a reflection of that commitment.   Merely because of the color of their skin, Black men and boys are  criminalized, separated from their families and communities, and  targeted for police violence at alarmingly high rates. Black men are  250 percent more likely to be killed by police than White men. That  fact is a stain on the soul of this country.   But America's sins extend far beyond the deadly disparities in  policing. Racism touches nearly every aspect of our lives, oftentimes  in the most insidious and subtle of ways, yet still in plain view in  the areas of healthcare, education, and economic opportunities.   We must address the sins of America's past that have revealed  themselves in the inequalities of America's present. The Commission on  the Social Status of Black Men and Boys moves us one step closer to  building a more perfect Union where all Americans, regardless of race,  have an equal opportunity, not just to get by, but to get ahead.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his courtesy, and I strongly  urge my colleagues to support this excellent bill.   