 Madam President, our country faces the greatest health  threat in 100 years and the greatest economic crisis in 70 years, but  here in the Republican-led Senate, you would  [[Page S4311]]  hardly know it. Over the past several months, even as COVID-19 surged  through the country once again, even as our States hit new records of  infections and hospitalizations, the Republican majority in the Senate  dithered and delayed on the next phase of major emergency relief.   In April, May, and June, Democrats tried to jolt the Senate into  action, but almost every time we tried to pass much needed legislation  by average Americans, our Republican colleagues objected. Unemployment  claims reached 50 million. The number of cases topped 3.8 million as  the virus resurged over the past several weeks, and more than 140,000  Americans have died. Still, Senate Republicans wanted to, in the words  of their leader, ``hit the pause button'' and ``assess the conditions''  in the country before providing any more relief. The country was  burning, and Senate Republicans, led by Leader McConnell, said: ``Let's  wait a little longer and see how this goes.''   Like President Trump, they were hoping it would go away, ignoring all  of the scientific evidence but paying obeisance to the hard right,  which didn't want to spend money no matter what the cost to America.   Now it seems our Republican friends have finally found the motivation  to do another emergency relief bill. Even they, with their heads still  half in the sand, have to see the crisis the country is in. But instead  of working with Democrats in either the Senate or the House, Leader  McConnell has decided to write the bill behind the closed doors of his  office--the same partisan, one-side-only process that has failed time  and again to produce successful legislation in the Senate.   McConnell talked about how the Senate led in the last three bills. I  would add a word to that. It was Senate Democrats that led. Republicans  put a small, stingy, corporate-oriented proposal before the Senate. We  said no, and they were forced to add provisions friendly to workers and  average American families. That is what happened. History knows that.   Yesterday, Leader McConnell, once again, called for the same spirited  bipartisanship that helped us pass the CARES Act. Well, Leader  McConnell, writing a bill in your own office without any input from  Democrats, dropping it on the floor, and demanding that Democrats  support it is no one's idea of bipartisanship. You can't fool the  American people with these facile words that just don't ring true.   Even worse, the Republican proposal appears destined to fall  drastically short of what is required. From all indications, the bill  will prioritize corporate special interests over workers and Main  Street businesses. It will not provide hazard pay for essential  workers. It will not provide new funding to State, local, and Tribal  governments or enough investments in communities of color that have  been ravaged by the virus.   Enhanced unemployment benefits will expire at the end of the month.  According to reports, the Republican bill will not do nearly enough to  aid the 20 to 30 million Americans currently unemployed. We have heard  Republicans debate a credit for Americans who are going back to work,  but those are the very same Americans who will be getting a salary  again. What about Americans who remain unemployed and actually need the  help?   The moratorium on evictions expires this week. According to reports,  the Republican bill will not do anything for the millions of Americans  who can't afford the rent and could get kicked out of their apartments.  After all the hemming and hawing and the delay, which cost America so  much--months of delay--it appears the next Republican proposal on COVID  will not even come close to meeting the moment.   It has become clear over the last few weeks that the reason our  Republican colleagues have taken so long to put even this inadequate  proposal together is because they are paralyzed by internal divisions  among themselves and by division with the President.   According to reports in the press, even after all these months that  our Republican colleagues spent ``assessing'' the conditions in the  country, the White House and Senate Republicans are starkly divided  about what to do. The Trump administration is fixated on a payroll tax  cut, an idea that will not only harm those who rely on Social Security  but will do nothing for the tens of millions of Americans who lost  their jobs during the crisis. Many of my Republican colleagues aren't  too keen on that idea, with good reason. Yet it may still be in  McConnell's proposal because he and the other Republicans are afraid to  tell President Trump no, even when they know he is wrong.   Recent reports also suggest that the administration is trying to  block billions of dollars from going to the States in order to improve  their testing and contact tracing capabilities. Can you imagine?  Republicans are arguing about whether to block funds for testing and  tracing, the two most important tools in our arsenal to manage this  crisis right now. It is amazing.   Americans are hanging their heads in some degree of shame at the  President's actions because every other developed country--just about  every other one in Europe and East Asia--is doing much better than us  because they have leadership and their leadership provided, above all,  testing and tracing. This President refuses to do it, and the  Republicans say nothing. They are so afraid of President Trump, even  when they know he is wrong. Even when millions of lives are at stake,  even when the economy is at stake, they just are deathly silent.   What do they end up doing? Well, the one thing that unites Trump and  all the Republicans is pleasing corporate interests. So if reports are  accurate, the Republicans are doing just that. They are pleasing  corporate interests, not workers and families and small businesses, and  that will not get the job done.   For 60 days, Senate Democrats have been clear about where we should  start the negotiations. The Heroes Act passed by the House provides  crucial relief for education funding, for hospitals and medical  workers, for essential workers on the frontlines, and for State and  local governments.   Right now Republicans seem to want to play chicken with pandemic  relief and string everyone along with a bill and a process we all know  is doomed to fail.   I urge all of my Republican colleagues to abandon their one-party,  one-Chamber approach before it is too late and immediately begin  bipartisan, bicameral negotiations on the next round of COVID  legislation.   The problems, of course, don't end with the Republican Senate. We are  living through one of the greatest failures of Presidential leadership  in our country's history.   Do you hear that, Donald Trump? You have created one of the greatest  failures of Presidential leadership in our country's entire history and  the history books will record it that way. President Trump cannot even  model good behavior and consistently encourage Americans to wear a  mask.   When the White House coronavirus briefings resume, President Trump  should not take the podium. Every time President Trump takes the podium  at one of these briefings, he is a threat to public health. Even after  140,000 lives were lost to COVID, the President claimed again on Sunday  that this disease will disappear. It has been over 6 months since the  start of the virus, and this Trump administration still lacks a  national testing strategy. The administration ordered hospitals to hide  their coronavirus data from the CDC.   The President is pressuring schools to reopen this fall without the  necessary resources or guidance to keep our kids safe.   Remember, President Trump, you pushed Republican Governors to open  their States too early, and look at what happened. You are now making  the same mistake with schools. COVID surged through those States that  reopened too quickly, and many now are being forced to reimpose  restrictions. We cannot repeat those mistakes when it comes to the  schools and safety of our kids and our families.   The question looms over this Chamber: When will our Republican  friends stand up to President Trump and tell him to get his act  together--when push comes to shove, when people's health and even lives  are at stake? It seems that Senate Republicans are always too timid,  too afraid to buck the President.  [[Page S4312]]    Will they stand up and tell him he is wrong to block more funding for  testing and tracing? Will they tell him to stop ignoring the signs,  trying to hide the data, and undermining medical experts like Dr.  Fauci? Most of all, most importantly, will our Republican colleagues  finally step up to the plate and do what is right--work with us in a  bipartisan way to provide desperately needed relief to the American  people?   I yield the floor.   