 Mr. President, I want to take a few moments to recognize  an individual, Lauren Oppenheimer, who, after nearly 5 years as an  invaluable member of my team, has recently moved on to begin the next  chapter of her career. We all on Team Merkley are very sad to see her  go, but we do feel extraordinarily fortunate that she hasn't gone far-- just over to Senator Jones' office on the other side of the Hart  building. So Oregon's loss has been Alabama's gain.   Lauren joined my team in 2015, back when I was a member of the  Banking Committee, to handle that important portfolio. It was a  position that she was extremely qualified for, having a wealth of  experience working on those issues in both the House and at the Center  for American Progress. But then a seat opened on the Foreign Relations  Committee, and I had to turn in my credentials for Banking in order to  take that Foreign Relations position.   Well, we knew that that really kind of undermined the vision of why  Lauren had come to our team, to really take on that set of banking  issues. It would not be an understatement to say it was not a  completely thrilling day when I shared this news with her.   But being the dedicated team member that she is, she willingly and  graciously took on a new role within the team and a whole new portfolio  of issues to work on--issues like election reform and telecom, judicial  nominations, rules reform. It might not have been the job that she  signed up for, but she excelled at it nonetheless. She excelled because  she is extremely smart and talented and because she is passionate about  her work, and she threw herself into this new set of issues.   I mean it when I say she is passionate. A quick conversation about  Fintech can last for hours, as she excitedly informs you about all of  the recent developments in that emerging industry--an industry, by the  way, that I had hardly heard of before Lauren came to my team.   Martin Luther King, Jr., once said: ``Human progress is neither  automatic nor inevitable.'' It requires ``the tireless exertions and  passionate concern of dedicated individuals.'' Well, Lauren is  certainly one of those dedicated and passionate individuals, and  throughout her time on Team Merkley, she has helped move our country  forward in ways large and small.   For years she has worked on ensuring the implementation of the  Volcker rule, a key part of the Dodd-Frank Act, which closed the Wall  Street casino by separating old-fashioned banking from high-risk, high- leverage bets on the future prices of stocks and exchange rates and  interest rates and commodities--bets that placed our entire banking  system and economy at risk.   Lauren wrote the bipartisan SAFE Banking Act, which had its hearing  in the Banking Committee just a couple of months ago, to ensure that  legal  [[Page S115]]  cannabis and hemp businesses have access to the same banking services  as any other business. She established the Senate Cannabis Working  Group to coordinate the Senate's efforts around this issue.   She has worked to ensure the integrity of our judicial system by  vetting the nominations for judgeships and, in one case, produced  significant insights and records that resulted in the Senate rejecting  the nomination of Ryan Bounds for the 9th Circuit.   In her spare time, Lauren has been fighting to save our democracy.  Earlier this year she created my ``Blueprint For Democracy'' to  introduce six specific bills, and she was the point person on my team  for finalizing the Senate version of the For the People Act, a  comprehensive election reform bill which takes on anti-democratic  practices such as gerrymandering, voter suppression, and dark money.   But beyond those accomplishments and many others that I haven't  mentioned, she made one contribution that I will always remember and  deeply appreciate. As many are aware, I spent a significant amount of  time over the last year and a half shining a light on the Trump  administration's policy of cruelty toward immigrants, refugees, and  asylum seekers on our southern border.   Even though immigration issues are not in her portfolio, it was  Lauren who inspired me to get involved. I was reading the speech by  former Attorney General Jeff Sessions--a speech labeled his ``zero  tolerance'' speech--and the name didn't strike me as unexpected. But  when I read the details, it sounded as if the plan was to discourage  refugees from coming to our border by deliberately traumatizing  children, to rip them out of their parents' arms.   I refused to believe that any American administration would ever  actually do this, and, as I was expressing the belief that no American  administration would ever resort to hurting children as a strategy to  deter immigration and would not resort to a strategy of hurting  children to do anything that is not acceptable under any moral code or  set of ethics or religious standards, it was Lauren who said: There is  one way to find out, and that is to go down to the border.   So I went that next weekend, that next Sunday, and became the first  Member of Congress to see the children being sorted into cages after  being separated from their parents and to be turned away from any  conversation in front of a former Walmart where I had heard that  hundreds of separated boys were being held.   The video of that really sent a message to the entire Nation of what  this administration was hiding, but the fact that I was there at that  processing center and the fact that I was there at that former Walmart,  seeking to find out what was going on with those hundreds of boys who  had been taken from their parents, was because Lauren Oppenheimer said:  The best way to find out is to go down to the border yourself.   Thank you, Lauren, for playing such a critical role in all of these  efforts. You are such a valued member of our team, and you are still  valued as a member of our team. You will always be a member of our  team, even as you go on to work for our colleague from Alabama.   Our office notices your absence, without the energy and enthusiasm  emanating from your desk and your unceasing willingness to take on new  challenges and your very valuable work to mentor other team members.   Know that all of us on the team wish you the very best as you  continue to fight for a better world in this new chapter of your  career.   I am excited that you are returning to your world of expertise, the  world of banking. I may be calling you now and then to get your  insights on that set of issues that you know so well.   All of us look forward to seeing the insights and understanding you  will help us gain from your perspective when you are fully immersed in  the banking world. It will be valuable to all of us in the Senate and  valuable to our Nation.   I thank you for your service.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   