 Mr. Speaker, America is bleeding. America is in deep  suffering and even deeper anxiety, and it counts on its Congress to  respond with alacrity, thoughtfulness, and action.   We have no time to dither. We have no time to engage in ideological  or petty partisan fights. Our country needs us as one.   Mr. Speaker, 3.28 million people filed for unemployment last week. In  my State, that translated into a 17-fold increase in 1 week. The number  of coronavirus victims quadrupled in that time period in my State, and  those figures are reflected throughout the country.   Now is the time to come together. Now is the time to show our fellow  countrymen that we can rise to this occasion and re-instill in them the  hope and confidence that will come.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Maine (Mr. Golden).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to my distinguished  colleague from Massachusetts (Mrs. Trahan).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Soto).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Cox).    Mr. Speaker, Americans are scared. We are in the midst  of the worst public health pandemic in more than 100 years. Across our  country, more than 85,000 Americans have now been touched by  coronavirus, and more than one thousand lives have been lost.   Loved ones are making the difficult and heartbreaking choice to be  absent from grandparents and elderly mothers and fathers, so that they  don't get exposed to this deadly virus.   Our hospitals and medical first responders are doing heroic work, but  worry they can't meet the demands that may walk through the door  tomorrow.   Schools have been shuttered, while moms and dads are forced to figure  out how to continue on and bring some normalcy to this new way of life.   Businesses and restaurants are struggling, and many have been forced  to close or lay-off workers. Just yesterday, we got our first glimpse  into the devastating unemployment outlook--3.3 million Americans  applied for assistance last week.   We have all heard these stories of this painful new reality.   Our communities are reeling. They are seeking leadership, guidance,  truth, empathy, assistance and most of all, hope for a better tomorrow.   We need to be all of those things for our constituents--and this  package is another important step.   Nothing in life is ever perfect and this bill is no exception.   But we cannot make perfect be the enemy of the good.   There's much I would like added to this legislation, there are  offensive provisions I'd like deleted.   But the balance of aid to a hurting nation demands we act and act  now.   We are providing unprecedented unemployment insurance and a lifeline  during this trying time to those who have lost their job.   This package provides billions of dollars to hospitals and first  responders so that they have the personal protective gear, ventilators,  and the medical supplies they need to meet this crisis.   Nearly every family will receive a direct payment to help cover rent,  or groceries, or just make ends meet.   Small businesses will have resources so that they can hopefully  remain open and keep their employees on payroll.   States and localities will see an infusion of federal investment to  cover the challenges they face in providing for our neighbors.   But our work is not done.   The Postal Service, which every American relies on for prescription  drugs, care packages, and critical services, is in crisis and must be  addressed. States and local communities who are the frontlines will  require more assistance. We must continue to meet those needs.   This bill is Congress' reaffirmation of the unstinting strength of  the American people, a clarion statement in our faith in the future, a  clear and forceful renewal in our unshakeable belief that our country  will rise from the present travail, tested, resilient and renewed.   