 Mr. President, let me at the outset join in with my  Republican colleagues. Coming from a farm State, I am glad that we have  a bipartisan continuing resolution until December 11.   I am saddened that we don't have the Appropriations Committee working  through its normal process, nor the Budget Committee. This is the world  we live in now--continuing resolutions. And this continuing resolution  does include money for the Commodity Credit Corporation, which is the  usual source of payments for agriculture programs agreed to in the farm  bill.   There was some question as to whether or not there was enough money  in the CCC account to take care for the months to come. Now there is no  question that it will be adequately funded. That is a positive thing.   I also am happy to report that the early press reports that we saw  suggesting CCC funds were actually going to be diverted to oil  companies--oil companies--was expressly prohibited as part of this  negotiation.   Understand what is behind this. These oil companies have benefited  from a decision by the Trump administration to give small refineries  waivers when it came to the blending of ethanol with their product. The  net result of that decision by the Trump administration was that a  large number of these small refineries were given waivers for blending,  and, as a result, the actual production of ethanol declined  dramatically. It is one of the major reasons that corn is grown and  sold. It is for that use, and it was diminished dramatically.   It was one of major reasons why, as the ethanol industry cratered,  that farm income in many States was cut in half from what it normally  has been.   In just the last few days, there has been an attempt to rectify the  situation, which should have been changed years ago, and rectifying it  to say that, once again, there will be blending of ethanol with  gasoline in the United States, which I support. And then someone  suggested, well, let's give an additional subsidy to the oil companies  from the Commodity Credit Corporation--a terrible idea from the start.  I am glad it is not included in this final product.    Let me mention one other part of this that is included that I think  bears notice, and that is the fact that there is an extension of the  school feeding program for the next school year.   We have an extraordinary situation with the COVID-19 pandemic where  many schools are not bringing kids into the classroom. Many of these  kids are being taught online across America. I know it because I know  my grandkids are going through this. For those who are in lower income- qualifying categories, we have now extended in this continuing  resolution the accessibility of these school feeding programs for the  next school year. That is important. Kids, if they are going to learn,  have to have nutrition. We don't want them suffering from hunger in the  process in any way, shape, or form in this great Nation.   I want to salute not just the CCC, which has been lauded over and  over again in this last half hour, but this decision that my side of  the aisle was pushing for to extend school lunch and school feeding  programs into the next school year. I think it will give some peace of  mind to administrators who are trying to cope with the current  situation.    I announce that the Senator from California (Ms. Harris)  is necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from California (Ms. Harris)  is necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from California (Ms. Harris)  is necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from California (Ms. Harris)  is necessarily absent.   