 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman from California for  her longtime leadership on this issue. I also thank my colleague, Ms.  Pressley from Massachusetts, for her work as well.   I am extremely grateful that the text of my bill, H.R. 3629, the  Clarity in Credit Score Formation Act, which would require the Consumer  Financial Protection Bureau to periodically evaluate the models and  underlying algorithms used to measure consumer creditworthiness, has  been made part of this measure.   I also appreciate the opportunity to speak in favor of my colleague's  work, which is embodied in H.R. 3621, the Comprehensive CREDIT Act,  which is before us today.   Mr. Chair, as we have heard throughout debate, credit reports and  credit scores are an important part of American consumers' financial  lives. Yet, despite that importance, we continue to see serious  problems with the way creditworthiness is measured and with the credit  models that the credit agencies use.   We know that consumers have consistently faced errors in their credit  reports and that, oftentimes, those errors are serious enough to impact  important opportunities in obtaining housing and other major financial  decisions. These errors can lead directly to consumers being denied  credit or paying substantially more for the credit that they do  receive.   Despite complaints from my Republican colleagues, by expanding the  pool of information used to make credit decisions, applicants and  lenders actually won't have to rely solely on often-flawed data in  credit reports, and consumers can get the credit they deserve for  regularly paying their rent on time and their bills on time and more,  without raising the cost to the system of doing so.  [[Page H658]]    While these new uses of data can allow expanded access to credit,  sometimes that same data can be misconstrued and result in unfair  discrimination. We have seen this most clearly in the credit scores of  our sons and daughters in uniform and military personnel in the Armed  Forces.   It is customary that service to our Nation requires military families  to move around fairly frequently as deployments and unit assignments  change. Taken by itself and out of context, frequently moving your  residence year to year can give the false impression to a credit agency  that an applicant is not in a stable situation and can adversely impact  their ability to access credit.   Other uses of data can be closely related to factors such as race or  gender, or become a proxy for a protected class.   We have already seen examples of this. The Department of Housing and  Urban Development has sued Facebook over its use of data-targeting,  which violates the Fair Housing Act by adversely stereotyping families  who live in public housing projects. Even Housing Secretary Carson has  openly stated: ``Facebook is discriminating against people based upon  who they are and where they live.''    These charges followed on the heels of charges that  Facebook entered into a financial settlement after accusations that  landlords, lenders, and employers improperly used that platform to  unfairly discriminate against families seeking housing opportunities.   That is why we need clarity in credit score formation. That is why we  need this bill.   Importantly, with the expansion of mobile banking, it requires a  study on the impact of using nontraditional data on consumer reports  and the use of alternative data in credit scoring models.   Much to Chairwoman Waters' and Ms. Pressley's credit, this is a very  good bill that will help us harness the power of mobile technology and  alternative data to improve outcomes for consumers.   Mr. Chair, in closing, I thank my colleagues, Mr. Lawson of Florida,  Mrs. Beatty of Ohio, Ms. Pressley of Massachusetts, Ms. Tlaib of  Michigan, and Ms. Adams of North Carolina for their great contribution,  along with Chairwoman Waters, in making this successful legislation.   Mr. Chair, I urge a ``yes'' vote.   