 Madam Speaker, I thank my friend from Maryland for  walking through those items.   I first want to start by sharing and associating myself with the  comments made by my friend from Texas (Mr. Thornberry) about the loss  of our dear friend, Sam Johnson.   Sam and I got to be close friends, and I can picture him sitting  right over there by General Lafayette's painting, in his scooter, as he  was voting and sharing stories with friends in his last few months when  he served here with us with distinction for so long, and the  conversations and just the understanding of a giant that we served  with, someone who served our country, spent 7 years in the Hanoi  Hilton, as we talked about.   They never broke him. They probably broke every bone in his body  trying, but he and those other brave men in that prison never once  faltered in their love and dedication to our country and to their  family.   He missed his wife. We know now he is with her and in a special  place, and we are all better for having served with Sam Johnson. He  truly is missed and was a special friend.    Madam Speaker, I want to thank the Speaker as well for  leading that tribute, and I am sure at some time in the future we will  spend an appropriate amount of time here on the floor where colleagues  can share  [[Page H2347]]  those stories about someone that everybody ought to know. We know we  have some giants like   John Lewis and Sam Johnson who we got to serve  with. Sam left and now is no longer with us. John still is and,  obviously, he is going through his own battle, and we pray for John as  well.   But as we have our battles of the day politically, it is good to  remember the special people that get to make up this body and become  part of this great institution in which we have the honor to serve. So  I appreciate the Speaker and the leader allowing us to have that  moment.    Madam Speaker, if anybody wants to have a good read, his  book, ``Captive Warriors,'' tells the story of those years in the Hanoi  Hilton; not only the unbreakable bond of those heroes that he served in  that prison with, but also the unbreakable love between he and Shirley.  She never wavered from her love of him, 7 years removed, while some of  that time she didn't even know if he was alive.   He loved her till the day she died and till the day he died because  he mourned her death every day since, and it was something for all of  us--again, as we have our daily battles here--just to know the special  kind of people that we get to serve with, and he was surely one.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, we have worked together to help try to address the  problems within our country, both economically and the health side,  small businesses, medium-sized businesses, large businesses, and State  and local governments.   Trillions of dollars have already been spent. When you think just  about the hundreds of billions of dollars that we sent to States  through various means, whether it is direct aid, the $150 billion  package that we have sent to States, we see that each State got a large  share of that money, billions of dollars in some cases for each State.   I don't know one State that has spent all of their allotment. Many  are working to try to figure out if they are going to help local  governments or not. It was surely our intention here that it wouldn't  just be for States, that 45 percent of that money should be available  for local governments as well. I would urge Governors to respect that  intent of this body.   Rather than continuing to look to Washington, I think States need to  start looking within and saying: How can we work to safely reopen our  States, and how have other States done it successfully if other States  are behind?   We have models out there. That is why we always say the States are  the great incubators of democracy. We all have smart people in this  country who are figuring this out. States that are reopening  successfully that aren't seeing spikes in their hospitals have done  things and used protocols working off of guidance from the Centers for  Disease Control and Prevention to successfully get their economies back  open again.   No economy is back open at the level it needs to be, and that is why  we need to encourage everybody to safely reopen so that the real answer  to States that have budget problems is to start getting their economies  going again; get people back to work again; get people out having their  checkups with  [[Page H2348]]  their doctors again, their immunizations for the children who aren't  getting immunized, the cancer treatments, the mammograms, and the  colonoscopies that were being skipped for months. We are seeing studies  that are coming out from very well-respected health experts who are  talking about the real health danger of having shut-ins and people not  getting out again.   We have to weigh all of this, and we have to keep encouraging the  great progress we are seeing from some of these great drug companies  here in America that are working on a cure, that are finding therapies  that are effective for COVID-19 with the help, by the way, of some of  those trillions of dollars that we have spent here in Washington to  find, hopefully, a vaccine. Even Dr. Fauci is talking about the  possibility of a vaccine being available soon. We need to make sure  that we are working to help ramp up production when that is found so  that we can make it available to anyone who wants to take it.   We need to be also focused on holding China accountable. We need to  be focused on bringing production back to America of PPE, which was in  short supply in those critical weeks after we found out China, while  they were lying to the world about this disease, with the WHO joining  in with them, was stopping and blocking the export of PPE, which they  make the lion's share of, including American companies in China that  weren't even allowed to sell PPE back to us when they had orders in  place to do so.   So, we should be investigating that. I am sorry that that is not  happening here.   We should be addressing how we can bring more of that manufacturing  back to America to create new jobs for Americans making our own  protective equipment for our frontline workers like doctors and  nurses. Unfortunately, that focus hasn't been there.    But the real issue is: What should Congress' role be in this?  Shouldn't Congress be leading the way in showing people how to safely  reopen and do our work?   While we have had only a limited number of opportunities to come back  here and vote directly on the House floor, it has been a smooth  process. It has been a process that has been safe for Members,  staggered votes where social distancing, which is still the standard  that everybody should be practicing, is able to be exercised in a safe  and effective way.   Clearly, we had a very big difference on the proxy voting, and I  think we have already seen abuses of that process. But the real issue  is: When are we going to get back to a functioning, regular schedule  for the House of Representatives?   A major company here, Disney, announced yesterday they are going to  start opening their parks again in a few weeks. You have the National  Basketball Association talking about playing games again, whether or  not there are fans in the stands. When you talk about a sport that  can't exercise social distancing, they are working on protocols right  now to test players and to allow games to go on. We all know the  physical nature of a sport like basketball or even football. Hockey is  talking about coming back. NASCAR is already racing again.   As all of these things are happening and these ideas and these great  ways to safely get different parts of our economy open again, we don't  even know what the schedule of the House is and when the House will  actually be back voting again.   The Armed Services Committee could be in a large room in the Capitol  that is sitting vacant right now, debating the National Defense  Authorization Act, so we don't get caught bringing up legislation at  the midnight hour. We can actually start working on that now. That work  can be done here in Washington. It doesn't have to be done remotely.   These are the concerns that we would ask: Is there going to be a time  when the majority leader would put out a new schedule that actually  shows what our voting pattern will be?   We know, obviously, when you look at May, April, and even June,  clearly, that has changed. But at some point, will it be mid-June? Will  it be July?   Again, if NBA players can be playing basketball in July, can't we  have a regular schedule by then that the House will be conducting  business?   We have seen the Spanish flu, and people had to get here with horses  and buggies, yet they figured out how to do it.   Can we lead the way again in showing people how to safely do our  business with a consistent schedule that right now doesn't exist?    Madam Speaker, if I could ask the gentleman on the  voting and whether it is in committee, clearly, there are rooms here in  the Capitol--we have seen the Rules Committee utilize the Ways and  Means Committee where they are able to be spread out at distances well  beyond the safe standards of social distancing, well beyond 6 feet  where you can have in-person hearings where the back and forth of a  debate and the votes that would go with it where a proxy vote doesn't  really fit that situation can occur. I would hope that we do that.   This shouldn't have been a partisan exercise. I know early on we  talked about trying to find a way to conduct our business where both  parties would agree, and the minority leader and the Speaker were  talking about doing that, and we thought that would be how it would end  up. Of course, that wasn't what happened with the proxy voting. But  even my friend just mentioned that if somebody proxy voted, then it  would be for health reasons. Yet, yesterday, the first time where this  new experiment that has never been done in over 230 years was  conducted, there were Members who voted by proxy signing a document  saying that they couldn't be here to physically attend proceedings, yet  it turns out they were in other places. In some cases, it took them  longer to get to a rocket launch than it would have taken them to get  here to the United States Capitol, in clear violation of the intent of  proxy voting. That literally was just on the first day.   I don't know if the gentleman is going to revisit proxy voting. But,  clearly, we have seen most people can come here and do the work. Even  some who chose not to could have been here.   What message does that send to the country when we should be the ones  leading the way to safely reopen?    Madam Speaker, I would just say that, clearly, we have a  disagreement on how business should be conducted on the House floor,  specifically as it relates to proxy voting and whether or not we can be  here physically doing the job. And, clearly, when we are at home in our  districts, we are finding other ways to get work done, to communicate  with constituents, to communicate with people all around the Nation.  Using technology, it has definitely helped the ability for us to do it,  but it is not the same thing as when we are here.   The other side of that, because one piece of it is the ability to be  here--and, clearly, we have the ability to be here. There are flights.  If somebody is not comfortable flying, they used to take horse and  buggy. They didn't have planes, and yet they found a way to get here in  tougher times. But then you look at the message that we are trying to  send. And, yes, there are some places that you don't have traffic on  the road because their officials have chosen not to open as  aggressively as others, using safety protocols.   No one is talking about compromising safety, but there are many  States that have shown how to safely reopen on a much wider scale where  you can get people back out doing the things that they want to do  again, and that is the real issue. You are watching aspects of the  private sector, you are even watching other levels of government, large  cities, large States that are reopening and doing it successfully, not  overrunning their hospitals.   Most of our hospitals are telling us they want more patients. They  want the people who normally would be getting their checkups and  immunizations and even hip replacements and things that are part of  their life cycle, their quality of life, and their ability to live with  cancer treatments and things like that that aren't being done. There  are people dying right now because they are not being tended to.   In my home parish, I actually talked to my coroner about this. He  took a 6-week period--just 2 weeks ago, took a 6-week period and took  that exact 6-week period a year ago, and there was a 42 percent  increase in non-COVID-related deaths, just in my home parish. This  year, more--Madam Speaker, 42 percent increase--because people aren't  going out, aren't going to the doctor. If they had chest pains, they  weren't going to a doctor because the doctor's office is closed, where  they could catch it, and so they were dying in their house.   These are real numbers from the coroner. I mean, there is a problem  that is created by not allowing people to go about their lives again in  a safe way.   So we ought to be leading the way, leading the way to show people how  to do it. And, again, we have had votes here on the House floor before  proxy voting in the midst of this pandemic, and it went very smoothly.  And if there are better ways we can find to do it, we will do it.   But we followed all the protocols of the Attending Physician. I  didn't hear of any Members complaining about that process. Everybody  went about it their own way, practicing the social distancing that we  all encourage. Yet we are not doing that on a consistent basis, and  that doesn't send the right message.   As the gentleman reworks the schedule, and I hope it is done soon, I  hope it takes into account the fact that it is important for us to show  the rest of the country that we can be here doing our job.   Yes, there are things that we are going to do remotely. There are  things we always do remotely. If we are on a 3-week schedule in D.C.  and 1 week back home in our districts, it is important that we go back  home to stay in touch with the people who actually elect us, the people  who make this country work so that we can come back here and represent  them better.   But we do have to come back here and do the work. You can't phone it  in sometimes. You can't do that remotely. There are certain parts of  our job where we actually have to be here.   In the rough-and-tumble of a legislative process, things change on  the fly; and if you are back home or going to some other event  somewhere else because you choose not to come here, it is kind of hard  to say you gave your proxy to somebody and then things change 2 minutes  before a vote. It is going to be hard for that person to know how to  change their vote by proxy when they are not here.   So there are flaws in there that don't need to be there because we  have proven we can be here. I just hope that that is taken into account  when the new schedule is being worked out, and, again, hopefully  released as soon as possible so that as other people and industries and  groups are starting to show how they are going to come back safely, we  can do the same thing--not last. Clearly, we are not going to be first  now, but hopefully, as other people are making those decisions, we can  be part of that, not at the tail end of it.   