 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, we find ourselves at a critical moment: 1.4 million  Americans are sick; nearly 90,000 people have died; 36 million  Americans are out of work.   My constituents in New York have been at the epicenter of this  pandemic for months. While this bill is not perfect, it goes far to  support the country and New Yorkers.   First and foremost, State and local governments will see nearly $1  trillion dollars in funding to fill the massive gaps in their budgets  and prevent huge cuts to critical services. For New York State and New  York City, that funding will mean the difference between recovery and  total economic collapse.   I am proud the HEROES Act includes two bills I introduced: the COVID- 19 Correctional Facility Emergency Response Act, for testing,  treatment, and prevention of COVID-19 in prisons and jails; and the  Public Safety Officer Pandemic Response Act, which will make sure that  our brave first responders who die or become disabled get their  benefits. The bill also includes many priorities for the Judiciary  Committee, like additional funding for the Violence Against Women Act  to address the surge in domestic violence, funding for Legal Aid and  local law enforcement, and a ban on price gouging.   The bill includes $100 billion for rental assistance, $75 billion for  homeowners assistance so people don't lose their homes, and financial  support for the frontline and essential workers keeping our country  running.   It is vital that door staff who have been working every day in our  apartment and office buildings qualify for this additional pay. I look  forward to working with my colleagues to make sure that happens.   The bill finally puts in place a comprehensive, nationwide, science- based strategy for testing and contact tracing that is essential to  limit the spread of the pandemic and to get our economy open again.   Additionally, the bill improves PPP and makes loan forgiveness much  easier to achieve for millions of small businesses. Nonprofits, the  backbone of New York's economy, and housing cooperatives will also now  be eligible for PPP.   The Postal Service, which has been a lifeline for American families  since George Washington and small businesses during the pandemic, will  also receive much-needed funding to keep services running.   The bill is not perfect, but it is essential. I urge everyone to vote  for it.   