 Madam President, I am reserving the right to object.   As I listened carefully to the statements made by the Senator from  Missouri about the aggressive and unacceptable conduct of the  Government of  [[Page S3049]]  China, or Hong Kong, he is absolutely right, I believe, that it is  important that the U.S. Senate--in fact, that the U.S. Government take  action strongly expressing our disapproval but also take action to  actually show the Government of China that there will be a price to pay  if they continue down that path of aggression and try to snuff out the  freedoms of the people of Hong Kong.   That is why, immediately after the Government of China announced its  intentions to move in that direction, we introduced a bipartisan bill.  Senator Toomey introduced the bill. I am proud to join him as a  cosponsor. We have other Democratic and Republican cosponsors to the  bill. I am pleased to see the Senator from North Dakota on the floor.  He is a cosponsor of that bill. It is called the Hong Kong Autonomy  Act.   In addition to expressing the sentiments that the Senator from  Missouri lays out in his Senate resolution, it proposes that we take  action as the Government of the United States. While we have heard  statements from Secretary Pompeo, the reality is that this  administration has not exercised any of its existing sanctions  authority that it could take to express our strong disapproval of the  actions the Government of China is proposing to take with respect to  Hong Kong. That is why we introduced the bipartisan bill, again,  outlining all the transgressions the Senator from Missouri talked about  but actually doing something about them by requiring that the  administration impose sanctions on individuals in the Government of  China who are undermining the rights of the people in Hong Kong and  requiring them to impose sanctions on Chinese Government entities that  are depriving the people of Hong Kong of the freedoms the Senator  talked about. It goes beyond that. It says that any bank that is aiding  and abetting the Government of China in snuffing out the rights of the  people of Hong Kong can be subject to sanctions.   Now, I know the Senator from Missouri knows the Government of China  well enough to understand that the Senate passing a resolution and  leaving it at that is not going to change their conduct. I think the  Senator is enough of a student of the Chinese Communist Government to  recognize that. So that is exactly why we introduced this bipartisan  legislation because if we want to have any chance of influencing the  conduct of the Government of China, we have to make it clear there will  be a price to pay. There is no price to be paid in the Senate passing a  resolution. It is a nice statement. I support the statement, but I am  also a little tired of this body passing a lot of resolutions,  sometimes thinking we have actually done something when we haven't  changed a thing.   That is why I am here on the Senate floor to ask my colleagues to  support what is a bipartisan bill that actually has some teeth in it.  It is not just a statement from the Senate. It is an action that will  be taken by the Senate and the House and, hopefully, by this  administration, which apparently doesn't want to take action. We have  heard them already express concerns about this legislation.   I would hope that if our colleagues on the Republican side feel as  strongly as the Senator from Missouri does, they would want to back up  those words with legislative action, and they would want to back up  those words with something that is more meaningful and something that  tells the Government of China that we stand together in making sure  there is a price to pay.   I know the Senator from Missouri has worked on other bills making it  clear that we do not find acceptable all sorts of conduct by China. I  have as well--bipartisan bills. I hope we can join together right here,  right now, to support the expression--the statement--that the Senator  from Missouri has brought to us but also go beyond that and send a  signal right now that we, the U.S. Senate, want to be joined by the  House and by the administration in putting action behind those words.  That is exactly what the bipartisan Hong Kong Autonomy Act does.   So I would respectfully request that the Senator from Missouri modify  his request to ask, in addition to what he proposed, that the Banking  Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. 3798, a bill  to impose sanctions with respect to foreign persons involved in the  erosion of certain obligations of China with respect to Hong Kong; that  the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration; that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.   