 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, there is a lot going on and not enough of  some things we really need to go on going on.   But I think it is worth noting again--lest the moment be lost somehow  in all the back and forth and all the chaos--that we have reached a  watershed moment in the war against COVID-19.   As you know, the first successful vaccine was approved last week. I  watched online as the Vice President of the United States and his wife  received the vaccine. I applaud them for demonstrating their  confidence, which should be all of our confidence, that this vaccine is  not only effective but also safe.  [[Page S7687]]    In my State of Texas, it is estimated that there will be a million  people vaccinated by the end of this month. That is a modern medical  and logistical miracle.   Yesterday--the news keeps getting better--the FDA's expert advisory  panel recommended the Agency approve a second successful vaccine,  meaning millions more doses, over and above the Pfizer vaccine, could  be headed out the door in a matter of days, if not hours.   The light at the end of the tunnel is getting bigger and brighter  every day, but we are not out of the dark yet. As we know, tragically,  more than 300,000 Americans have lost their lives to this virus.  Millions have lost their jobs and their livelihood. Countless small  businesses have permanently closed their doors, and the devastating  impact of the virus across the country is growing day by day.   Earlier this year, we were able to come together in four separate  pieces of legislation in a bipartisan--nearly unanimous--manner and  respond with the sort of alacrity and speed and with the scope that I  think our constituents expected us to. We didn't exactly know how big  we needed to go. We just knew we needed to go big and we needed to go  fast.   We appropriated more than $3 trillion of coronavirus relief. We  didn't know how long the virus was going to last. And when we tried to  offer additional aid to the American people, unfortunately, the  partisan dysfunction that sometimes creeps in--particularly, in the  days leading up to a national election--prevented us from providing  that relief.   But the election is over, and it is time for us to do our jobs.  Really, we need to build on our past success.   The bills culminating in the CARES Act in March bolstered our  healthcare response by making testing free of charge. Remember that  used to be the watchword, what people would continue to say day after  day after day: testing, testing, testing. You are not hearing that  anymore because testing is ubiquitous.   We provided vital funding for hospitals and armed our medical workers  with the personal protective equipment they needed to sustain this  fight on the frontline. We poured funding into research and development  of vaccines, therapeutics, and treatment. And by any measure, those  efforts have been a success.   While, as I said, the number of people testing positive has gone up  pretty dramatically, the death rate has remained much lower than it was  in the early days of the virus. That is because, I believe, the  treatments have improved, the therapeutics are working, and our  healthcare providers are learning how to treat people with the virus in  ways that are saving lives.   The work we did up through March buoyed the workers and families who  needed the help with direct payments, bolstered unemployment insurance  benefits, and even gave the option to defer student loan payments with  no penalty. We knew people needed help, and we acted responsibly, I  believe.   We also supported our wobbly economy with the assistance for the Main  Street businesses through the Paycheck Protection Program and loans for  the industries that our States and Country rely on.   But as time has gone on, much of the funding provided by those bills  has run out. As I said, we didn't know in March how long this was going  to last, either the public health challenges or the economic challenges  associated with it. But we have a better picture of what is needed now  and we need to act and act soon--money for schools, vaccine  distribution, and for airlines, which, through no fault of their own,  are seeing their ridership plummet. They need help. Each of these are  worthy of our best efforts to help.   Critical provisions that supported everything from unemployment  benefits to the Paycheck Protection Program have already lapsed or are  within just a few days of doing so. I know people wonder: Why does  Congress wait so long, to the 11th hour to act?   Well, call it human nature, call it stubbornness, call it politics,  call it what you will, but deadlines do force action, especially here  in the Congress. I believe we are on the cusp of positive results for  the American people.   For months now, disagreements on what the next relief bill should  look like have stopped us from making progress. Unfortunately, I think  it was more about the election and stoking the fears and anxieties of  the American electorate in the run up to the election. I think that is  what prevented us from passing additional bills after the CARES Act in  March.   Then Nancy Pelosi and the House passed the Heroes Act, which  everybody recognized--the mainstream media and even Democrats  acknowledged--was not going to go anywhere. That was another $3  trillion bill that helped the nascent marijuana industry, providing tax  cuts to the wealthy people living in high-tax jurisdictions like New  York and San Francisco. It was clearly not designed to pass, but rather  to send a message.   Well, we knew we needed a targeted bill to send relief to those who  needed it most, without driving up government spending even higher than  necessary. Over these last several months, too much of the discussion  has been focused on the areas where we disagree and, truthfully, there  is no such thing as a perfect bill. You can always find a reason to say  no.   But I don't believe that is the reason our constituents have sent us  here. They want us to be responsible. They want us to be careful with  their tax dollars, but they do want us to act in their best interests  by trying to find ways to build consensus--even when we can't agree on  everything, to at least agree on the things we agree on. I think they  expect us to do that.   We all understand that our workers and many people have had the rug  pulled out from under them. They had no money coming in the front door.  They are worried about paying the rent or mortgage. Their kids are at  home going through virtual schooling. I mean, it is tough on a lot of  people. It is not so tough if you are a Member of Congress and are  receiving a paycheck. But for millions of our constituents back home,  they have been waiting and waiting, and they have been hurting because  we have not been able to get our act together.   The second round of the job-saving Paycheck Protection Program would  help a lot. It would help our small businesses, throw them another  lifeline. That was really one of the most popular parts of what we were  able to do in March.   As the Presiding Officer will remember, we appropriated $350 billion  and it went in 2 weeks. So we appropriated another $320 billion to  provide loans to small businesses and incentives for them to maintain  their payroll so people would have income and so that those small  businesses, once we got the virus in the rearview mirror, would still  be around and help rebound our economy.   In Texas alone, there were 417,000 Paycheck Protection loans--$41  billion worth. The average loan was $115,000; although, I was on a Zoom  call with some in the Texas Bankers Association, and one of them told  me that their smallest loan was $300. I am sure there is an interesting  story behind that. The point is this was needed help, and it has run  out.   Then we need another investment in vaccine distribution. The  logistical challenge of getting this vaccine around the country is  mind-boggling, but we can see it is already working because of thorough  planning and good execution, but they need more money to make sure that  we get the job done. We also need to make sure that schools,  particularly as people feel more comfortable going back to school in  person, get additional support so they can bring the children back into  the classrooms and keep them and the teachers and other employees  healthy at the schools.   We know virtual learning has been a disaster, particularly for low- income students. Unfortunately, broadband is not universally available  in the United States, and there are parts of my State wherein as many  as a third of the students don't have access to broadband. So how in  the world are they going to continue their educations? Local officials  and State officials have tried to help, leaving parking lots outside of  the school libraries available so you can drive up and gain access to  the Wi-Fi from the schools, or they have distributed hotspots so that,  if you get access to cellular service, you can actually tie into Wi-Fi  and get online and  [[Page S7688]]  continue your studies. Yet, for many of our young people, these school  lockdowns have been a disaster in terms of their educations. So we need  to do more in that area as well.   Common sense tells us that, when you are sitting across the table,  negotiating with somebody, if 80 percent of what you are talking about  is agreed to, the process should move along pretty quickly because  nobody gets 100 percent of what one wants around here. It is just not  possible. While it is unfortunate it has taken us so long to reach this  point, I am encouraged that maybe, just maybe--now with the deadline  for government funding running out tonight at 12 midnight--this is  forcing action and that a deal is in sight.   There has been more bipartisan cooperation and communication over the  last several days than there has been in the last several months. A lot  of people have put a lot of effort into this on a bipartisan basis, and  now the decision is with what we call the ``four corners''--rank-and- file Members of the House and Senate. We are not going to have a chance  to amend this deal. It is going to be proposed by Speaker Pelosi,  Democratic Leader Schumer, Leader McCarthy, Majority Leader McConnell,  and the White House. So I am sure it is not going to be perfect.  Unfortunately, we will not have a chance to make it better. I hope the  partisan divisions that have paralyzed Congress for much of the year do  not rear their ugly heads in these final hours and at this critical  stage of negotiation.   There is too much at stake for us to go home for the holidays  emptyhanded. There are too many people who are hurting, too many people  who are anxious. The number of people having overdosed by self- medicating since the virus hit is, I think, about 80,000, I read. You  can imagine people self-medicating, whether it is with alcohol or drugs  or people who are trapped with an abuser, either a spousal abuser or a  child abuser. Because they are not going to school, their teachers  can't look for signs of that abuse and get them help. Reports of child  sexual abuse are down 40 percent. It is not because it is not  happening; it is because kids aren't in school, where teachers and  others can come to their aid.   I can only imagine a single mom, say, with three kids of different  ages at home, trying to continue their educations, but she is worried:  How do I keep working--maybe she is an essential worker--so she can pay  the bills to put food on the table and pay the rent. Can you imagine  the chaos and stress?   There is too much at stake for us to go home for the holidays  emptyhanded. We need to remember we are not here for our benefit; we  are here for the benefit of the people we are honored to represent--in  my case, 29 million Texans. We have a fiduciary responsibility. We are  in a position of trust. They have entrusted us with their welfare. The  American people have waited long enough. We can't let them down again.  We are on the 5-yard line, and we need to deliver. We need to get this  done and get this done soon.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   