 Madam President, I want to thank Senator Grassley for his  leadership on this issue. He has known for a long time, as I have  known, that something is amiss in the competition in the cattle  business.   I rise today to speak about that. It isn't talked about enough in  this body or in the United States in general, but the fact is that  rural America is being cast aside, and it is falling prey to corporate  interests whose only concern is about making a quick buck. The truth of  the matter is that the American cattle ranchers are suffering.   It is an open secret that meat packers have been taking advantage of  small-scale ranchers, family ranchers, and the small and medium-sized  feeders for years. While some of us have been raising the issue for  some time, it is now becoming apparent and it has come into the  national spotlight.   Almost 1 year ago exactly, a fire at a beef packing plant in Holcomb,  KS, halted 5 percent of our country's beef distribution capacity. It  caused the price of meat in grocery stores to skyrocket and caused a  sharp decline in cattle prices at the farm gate. It was Montana  producers and producers across this country who took the hit while the  meatpacking industry reported record profits.   Following that fire, Senator Grassley and I demanded that the  Department of Agriculture conduct an investigation looking into price  manipulation by the largest packers. Although this investigation is  ongoing, their findings thus far have been disturbing. Their findings  clearly show that markets are being manipulated and the packing  industry is walking all over America's ranchers and consumers.   Just when we thought that conditions for producers couldn't get much  worse and as we saw cattle prices drop lower than they have been in  decades, ranchers were hit with yet another disaster. That disaster was  the coronavirus pandemic.   This virus forced many of the largest packing plants to shut their  doors, depleting the Nation's beef capacity by nearly 40 percent. Yet  again, it was our small-scale cow calf operators, along with everyday  consumers, who have seen skyrocketing beef prices throughout the last  year, and we have seen lower and lower prices for the cow calf  operators and the small to medium-sized feeders. They are the ones  taking the hit. In April and May of this year, we saw the largest ever  price discrepancy between the price of boxed beef and the price  received by the cattle owner, growing from $66 per hundredweight on the  boxed beef to $279.   I need to repeat that, because it is nothing short of ridiculous.  From early April to the middle of May, the price for what American  cattle ranchers were selling for the beef shipped to stores across this  country increased by 323 percent.   Mission control, we have a problem here.   Our ranchers and the American public are being taken advantage of in  the midst of a global health crisis that has also driven us into an  economic crisis. To top it off, cattle transactions on the cash market  took a steep decline following the Holcomb Fire, allowing for even more  price manipulation by the packers while the number of cows slaughtered  increased by 5,000 head.   Now, it is obvious to anybody who looks at this situation that the  packers are using these crises to force markets to work for them only.  One of the ways the packers get away with this is by limiting  transactions that take place on the spot for cash markets. Instead,  they set prices with formulas that allow them to use unfair market  power to put corporate profits over families, ranchers, feeders, and  over consumers.   That is why Senator Grassley and I wrote a bill requiring large-scale  packers to increase the proportion of spot transactions to 50 percent  of the total cattle purchases. This would hold corporate packers  accountable; make pricing fairer for our producers--cow-calf operators,  small- and medium-size feeders; and bring more money into rural  economies and into the pockets of these families who are feeding this  country and the world.   I fear these words are falling on deaf ears. The fact is, we need  more support from this body. We need our colleagues on both sides of  the aisle to sign on to this critical legislation so that we can ensure  that folks who have been raising our food for generations are able to  meet the bottom lines and that families in both rural and urban areas  who rely on affordable beef can keep putting food on the table. We  needed you to join us yesterday because rural America needs help today.  Folks across my State need help now.   I know many of my colleagues--especially those of you who are on the  campaign trail--are always looking for ways to show support for rural  America. I am calling on you to join Senator Grassley and me in  standing up against this profiteering.   Another way you can help American ranchers today is by supporting a  bill that my colleague Senator Rounds and I wrote, the New Markets for  State-Inspected Meat and Poultry Act. It is a critical bill that will  cut needless redtape preventing ranchers from properly utilizing State- inspected meat facilities to be able to sell their products across  State lines.   We have an opportunity to work on these commonsense bills together-- something that doesn't happen very often in this Senate. We have a  critical chance to support folks who are the very reason we can enjoy a  juicy burger or a tender steak.   Let me close with the words of a person who is in the cattle industry  on the ground in Montana who told me about 60 days ago that we are at a  crisis point in production agriculture when it comes to beef. If  something is not done on this issue of packer control of prices in the  marketplace, if something isn't done to ensure that capitalism isn't  working here and that we need to put some sideboards on this to funnel  some of the money down to the growers and the small- and medium-sized  feeders, then our food chain for red meat will change. I know for the  vegetarians in the crowd that might sound like a good deal, but it is  not because the fact is,  [[Page S4706]]  when the food chain in rural America goes bust--because that is what we  are on the verge of--this whole country will be diminished by that.   So it is important that my colleagues here in the Senate work with  Senator Grassley and me to fix this problem. It will not be fixed by  not doing the things we need to do in this body. Senator Grassley and I  have a bill, and Senators Rounds and King have a bill, and we need to  get those two bills passed and move on to ensure fairness in the  marketplace.   I yield the floor.   