 Madam President, to my colleague from Vermont, my  understanding is that in a room somewhere near here right now, those  negotiations are ongoing, and there certainly better be unemployment  insurance. That was in our bipartisan framework that I worked with the  Presiding Officer on. And there certainly better be not just an  extension of the existing Federal assistance for self-employed workers  and  [[Page S7700]]  gig economy workers and for those who are now benefiting from the  Federal extension, the 13-week extension, but also additional funding.  My understanding is direct payments are also in the mix.   I just wish they would get their work done. It has been 9 months  since the CARES Act was done. I just hope we can figure out a way to  get through the hurdles that remain. I have spent much of the day--as  have my colleagues, I am sure--talking to colleagues, trying to figure  out how to fix the last couple of issues that apparently are out there.  But my hope is that even if it is not a perfect bill for me--and it  won't be. I know it won't be. We spent 3 or 4 weeks working on  legislation that is bipartisan that isn't what any of us would have  crafted individually, but it provides that needed help right now. We  need it both for the economic crisis that has been caused by this virus  but also the healthcare crisis, which, unfortunately, is getting worse  in my home State of Ohio and not better.   The vaccine is on its way. That is very exciting. I believe that the  vaccine development and now the distribution are actually quite  impressive. I think the administration deserves credit for that, as do  so many hard-working scientists who have been sleeping in their  offices, making sure that we have this vaccine available. But there is  going to be a bridge here. There is a time period between now and March  and April when it is not going to be readily available to everybody we  represent. During that time period, we need a bridge. We have needed it  for a while, so my hope is we will get that done tonight.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   