 Mr. President, I rise today to urge the Senate to include  the New Markets for State-Inspected Meat and Poultry Act in a COVID-19  response legislation that we are considering during this work period.   This is legislation I have worked on with my colleague Senator Angus  King of Maine for several years, long before COVID-19 disrupted the  safety and security of the American food supply. It has bipartisan  support.   COVID-19 revealed the cracks in multiple industries--our food supply,  pharmaceuticals, defense, and manufacturing in general. Every American  pays the price for foreign reliance--every American. This is a moment  in history when we can rebuild what ``American made'' and what ``made  America great'' really means in the first place. That, of course, is  American production and innovation across all industries.   As consumers of food--and that is everybody, Republican and Democrat  alike, Independents included--we should demand that we have this  production capacity in the United States. Heavy reliance on foreign  production and manufacturing is a mistake, and America needs to see a  renaissance of American production and ingenuity.   Just as an example, on July 29 of this year, it was announced that  JBS, a Brazilian-owned company, intends to acquire the Mountain States  Rosen lamb plant in Greeley, CO. It has been reported that JBS will  grind hamburger and cut steaks, which, unfortunately, will eliminate  the ability of this plant to process nearly 350,000 lambs within the  United States. This is yet another example of a foreign company working  to consolidate and to integrate the American food supply system to the  detriment of U.S. ag producers. We just simply can't sit here and watch  this occur on our watch. We are already paying the price of foreign  ownership in our food supply system today.   The time is now to aggressively pursue American options for  production and processing in order to protect American consumers and  our entire economy.   Right now, we are actually giving an unfair and unnecessary advantage  to the large, sometimes foreign-owned, meat processing facilities.   These large facilities typically pursue licensing through the USDA  Federal meat inspection process, which gives them a certification  allowing them to sell across all State lines. However, smaller  processors that are trying to inject competition into a market which is  dominated by primarily big players, typically pursue State-inspected  certifications, which, unfortunately, today, do not allow them to sell  meat across State lines. The irony is that the State processors that  are out there also need to be federally approved to meet or exceed  these Federal inspection standards. So our smaller meat processors are  achieving a certification of equal or higher standards but are given a  license with less ability to market their product. They have to stay  within the boundaries of the State in which they are produced.   In my hometown of Fort Pierre, SD, a beef processing company was  announced to be opening in May of this year, 2020. This is the kind of  American production we want to see more of. But if this processor  chooses to pursue a State-inspected meat license instead of a USDA  license, they will not be able to sell across State lines, even though  South Dakota's meat poultry inspection program has standards that meet  or exceed Federal inspection standards. This is unacceptable and is  harming our small American processors' ability to compete fairly.   This is why we should include the New Markets for State-Inspected  Meat and Poultry Act in our next COVID-19 relief legislation.   In recent months, partially due to the toll the COVID-19 pandemic has  had on our meat processing facilities, we have seen renewed support for  this particular effort. In the Senate, we now have 12 cosponsors from  both sides of the aisle. Additionally, there was companion legislation  which was introduced in the House of Representatives by Representative  Liz Cheney of Wyoming.   I would like to explain what our legislation does and why it is so  important to include it as part of the Federal Government's response to  COVID-19. The New Markets for State-Inspected Meat and Poultry Act  would allow meat that has been inspected by a federally approved State  meat and poultry inspection program to be sold across State lines.   Currently, cattle, sheep, and swine that are raised in South Dakota  by some of the best producers in the world and inspected at a South  Dakota processing facility are limited to markets within the State. Yet  they meet or exceed Federal inspection standards. It just doesn't make  sense, especially when there is high demand for locally sourced and  processed proteins in a  [[Page S4616]]  State-approved facility, which, by Federal law has standards that meet  or exceed Federal inspection standards.   Our legislation would allow these products, which pass State  inspection standards, to be sold across State lines, opening up new  markets for producers and giving consumers greater choice at the  grocery store. At a time when our food supply is in danger, this is a  very easy first step.   Like so many sectors of our economy, the food production industry was  ill-prepared for the unprecedented changes that needed to be made when  the COVID-19 pandemic hit. Labor shortages and worker protection  measures slowed down plants around the country, and outbreaks even  caused some of the facilities to shut down entirely.   We saw this happen in my home State of South Dakota, where our Sioux  Falls Smithfield plant processes 20,000 hogs a day and employs  approximately 35 hard-working individuals. At the peak of the crisis,  hog processing dropped approximately 40 percent in May, and beef  production dropped approximately 35 percent in May, when compared to  2019 production levels across the United States. At one point, there  was a backlog of nearly 1 million cattle ready to be processed.   Meanwhile, grocery stores across the country began to see meat  shortages on their shelves because of the chokepoint found in the  concentration of beef processing at the big four packers, where  processing capacity had been curtailed. Livestock producers were faced  with one of the worst scenarios they could face--having to euthanize  their animals because they weren't able to get them into a processing  facility. While we have been able to recover some of the production  capacity since that time, it is far from being back to normal, and we  are still unprepared to deal with the continuing pandemic.   While we work to get meat and pork processing facilities back up and  running at capacity, we should also be utilizing State-based solutions  to help offset the backlog and help provide additional capacity.  Specifically, we should include the New Markets for State-Inspected  Meat and Poultry Act in the next relief package.   Currently, 27 States operate State meat inspection programs. Meat and  poultry inspected at these facilities are already sold for public  consumption in the States where they are licensed.   Today, if you have meat or poultry processed at a South Dakota  inspection facility in Hudson, SD, you wouldn't be able to sell it  across the border just a few miles away in Iowa, but you could sell it  a couple hundred miles away in Lemmon, SD.   It really doesn't make much sense, especially since State meat and  poultry inspection facilities are required by law to be at least equal  to federally inspected processing facilities with regard to their food  safety standards.   These products are safe for consumption and should be allowed to be  sold nationwide. This will help offset the pressure on federally  inspected facilities during the ongoing pandemic and in the future as  well.   This is a commonsense solution that has bipartisan, bicameral  support. It is time to end this arbitrary regulation restricting the  sale of these products to within State lines and allow facilities  inspected by State meat inspection programs to increase production and  sell their product nationwide.   Including the New Markets for State-Inspected Meat and Poultry Act in  future COVID-19 relief legislation is good for producers and very good  for consumers.   I yield the floor.   