 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from California.   Mr. Speaker, I do indeed rise in strong support of H.R. 2247, the  Promoting United Government Efforts to Save Our Sound, or the PUGET SOS  Act.   As indicated, Puget Sound is, in fact, located in western Washington,  but it is a national treasure. Indeed, to modify just slightly what my  friend from Florida suggested, by water volume it is actually the  largest estuary in the United States of America.   Puget Sound and its tributaries are one of the most ecologically  diverse in all of North America, and it is, as has been indicated, the  economic engine for the western part of our State, supporting maritime  industry, commercial and recreational fishing, shellfish growers,  tourism, and recreation.   But it is more than that. It is also absolutely critical to the  Tribes that reside in Washington State who have stewarded it for  literally millennia. And need I remind you; they have treaty-reserved  rights to its natural resources.   Above and beyond that, it is central to the identity of anyone from  western Washington. I ask you this: For those of you who have been to  Seattle and have made the comment or a post from an August visit, it is  beautiful. What is the image that comes to your mind? It is of Mount  Rainier, above the shimmering waters of the Puget Sound. Or--and more  about this later--it is of that magnificent black and white fish, the  orca, breaching the surface of the water.   But here is the deal, Puget Sound is dying. Slowly but surely, it is  under serious threat. Water and air pollution, sediment contamination,  and water flow disruption continue to devastate the fish, marine,  mammal, bird, and shellfish populations of Puget Sound.   Indeed, that orca, the Southern Resident orca, population is down to  72, arguably not sustainable because we need to save the Sound. And if  these trends continue, we will lose much of what makes Puget Sound a  national treasure so special. And that should concern us all.   Fortunately, there have been many people across the Puget Sound  region that have been treating these deteriorating conditions as a call  to action. Tribes, State governments, local groups and private sector  people are investing in recovery efforts.   Back in 2013, I teamed up with my good friend, roommate and  colleague, Congressman Kilmer, to establish the Puget Sound Recovery  Caucus to promote Puget Sound preservation at the Federal level.   And in 2016, the Obama administration created the Puget Sound Federal  Task Force, by executive action, to coordinate recovery efforts more  efficiently among the Federal agencies. Still, we must bring more  attention to bear on Puget Sound recovery, and that is why we  introduced the PUGET SOS Act.   The bill will simply codify the Federal task force to ensure that  coordination among Federal agencies continue--and we all want that-- into the future and it also creates the Puget Sound Recovery National  Program office at the EPA, elevating Puget Sound recovery efforts and  putting them on a par with those deservedly of the Great Lakes and  Chesapeake Bay.   And for the first time, the bill authorizes funding for Federal Puget  Sound recovery actions. This is a product of years of collaboration  between Tribal, State, and local stakeholders, including private sector  investors.   Specifically, I thank the members of the committee. I especially  thank my friend, Congressman Kilmer. And I most especially thank my  friends across the aisle, who joined in cosponsorship in support of  this.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the Northwest Indian Fisheries Commission and  the Puget Sound Partnership for their effort. The threats facing the  Puget Sound are numerous and they are existential, but I believe that  with a strong Federal partnership role and smart investments, we can  act before it is too late. We can help recover the Puget Sound and  preserve its ecological, economic, and cultural significance for  generations to come.   The PUGET SOS Act is a strong first step towards recovery, and I  encourage my colleagues to support the bill.   And again, I extend my gratitude to all of those who have put your  shoulders to the wheel and gotten it this far in the process.    Mr. Speaker, several important considerations underlie the  purpose and intent of the Puget SOS Act. Puget Sound and its tributary  waters are one of the most ecologically diverse ecosystems in North  America with natural resources that have ecological, economic, and  cultural importance to the United States and the many Tribal nations  that have stewarded it for millennia. The health and productivity of  Puget Sound is not only the cornerstone of the region's quality of life  and vibrant economy, but its worldclass salmon fishery, commercial  aquaculture, agriculture, and port activities ripple throughout the  Nation.   Threats to Puget Sound, such as water pollution, sediment  contamination, environmental degradation, and habitat loss, jeopardize  the economic productivity and natural resources that support the  increasing population of the region. For nearly a decade, State, local,  and Tribal governments, cooperative partnerships, and concerned  citizens have worked together in a deliberate and coordinated way to  direct and manage public resource allocation toward habitat  restoration, improving water quality and shellfish farms, and  developing a body of scientific knowledge, all of which have advanced  the Puget Sound recovery efforts.   Tribal governments with treaty-reserved rights in the natural  resources of Puget Sound have long served as co-managers of fishery  resources, have engaged in Puget Sound Partnership processes and public  forums to encourage a holistic and scientific approach to recovery  efforts, and have continued in their role as stewards of Puget Sound,  including by engaging with multi-faceted restoration and protection  actions, and are thus an indispensable, equal partner in all Puget  Sound recovery actions.   Despite significant and nationally recognized accomplishments, the  rate of damage to Puget Sound still exceeds the rate of recovery. To  outpace mounting pollutants and other cascading negative impacts, the  next step in fortifying the recovery system is to align Federal  recovery and protection efforts seamlessly with State, local, and  Tribal investments, as the Puget SOS Act would do.   Water and air pollution, sediment contamination, habitat loss and  decline, and water flow disruption continue to devastate the fish,  marine mammal, bird, and shellfish populations of Puget Sound,  threatening local economies, and Tribal treaty rights, and contributing  to:   Significant declines in the populations of wild Chinook Salmon, Coho  Salmon, Summer Chum Salmon, Steelhead, and Pacific Herring, which are  essential food sources for humans, fish, seabirds, mammals, and other  wildlife;   Risks to the sustainability of fish arid- shellfish populations, and  their food chains, reproductive cycles, and habitats, which also  threaten Federal obligations to protect Tribal resources, culture,  traditions, and economies;   Marine species being listed as at-risk or vulnerable to extinction,  according to State, Federal, and provincial lists that identify the  species of Puget Sound and surrounding areas, including the iconic  population of southern resident Orca whales;   Sediment contaminated with toxic substances--such as polychlorinated  biphenyls (PCBs), heavy metals (mercury), and oil (grease)--polluting  Puget Sound, threatening public health, and posing; significant dangers  to humans, fish, and wildlife;   Rivers and beaches failing to meet water quality standards and  becoming unsafe for salmon, as well as business and recreational  activities, such as fishing and swimming;   The closing of shellfish beds from contaminated pollution caused by  sources such as stormwater and agricultural runoff; and   Mortalities and morbidity in shellfish due to the acidification of  Puget Sound.   Puget Sound is a national treasure and its recovery and protection  will significantly contribute to the environmental, cultural, and  economic well-being of the United States and the many Tribal nations  that have stewarded it for millennia.   The PUGET SOS Act underscores the recognition that Federal Government  should align its efforts and resources to fully implement and enforce  the goals of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, including State  implementation of non-point source water quality standards for salmon,  the Endangered Species Act of 1973, and all other Federal laws that  contribute to the recovery and protection of Puget Sound. The Act also  recognizes that the Federal Government should uphold Federal trust  responsibilities to restore and protect resources crucial to Tribal  treaty rights--including by carrying out government-to-government  consultation--as well as support regional, local, and Tribal efforts to  address environmental challenges.   The PUGET SOS Act is intended, among other things, to ensure that the  recovery and protection programs, projects, and initiatives that the  Federal Government undertakes in, or that otherwise impact, Puget Sound  shall be actively coordinated and aligned with the protection of Tribal  treaty rights and resources, the Treaty Rights at Risk Initiative,  Salmon Recovery Plans, the Coastal Nonpoint Pollution Control Program,  and the Puget Sound Action Agenda.   Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to all stakeholders who have come together  to advocate for the recovery and protection of Puget Sound. The PUGET  SOS Act is an important step towards those goals, and I urge my  colleagues to support its passage.   