 Mr. President, to follow up on Senator Collins' outline of  the second round of PPP, I think it is important, first, to remind  everybody how we got to this place.   The goal, when we did it the first time, was to not only allow small  businesses to survive what was then uncertain as to how long it would  take but also to keep their workers attached to employment. We know how  devastating it is to a family and to an individual when they get  disconnected from employment, and, by and large, we believe the program  has been incredibly successful. But it has room for improvement, and we  have learned from those things along the way with some of the different  changes that were made in providing more flexibility and the like.   This new program comes at a timely moment because we are now  beginning to see that as the PPP funds are being exhausted, some  companies are having to face, once again, the potential of having to  lay off some of their workers. That is why it is time for a second  round of PPP assistance.   A lot of the provisions will be very familiar. You have heard them  already--the 2\1/2\ percent payroll and so forth--but some are new  because we really wanted this to be more targeted. That is why there is  the 300-employee-or-less standard, and you have to have 50 percent or  more of revenue reduction.   We also understand that some communities have been harder hit, for a  variety of different reasons, and especially the sort of  microbusinesses--the smaller ones. Some of these funds will be set  aside for employers that have 10 employees or less, to make sure that  the money doesn't run out without that group of small businesses  getting the assistance they need.   In addition, we know that minority and underserved small businesses  have been disproportionately impacted by the lockdowns that we have  seen. Many of them, obviously, often lack significant cash reserves.  They historically face challenges being able to get traditional means  of capital. So, as part of this proposal, separate from PPP and in  addition to it, we are proposing an additional type of loan that would  be longer term, more targeted, and at low interest, designated for  small businesses that are either seasonal employers or located in low- income communities and have 500 or fewer employees. It provides them  flexible long-term working capital to help ensure that these most  vulnerable and underserved small businesses don't go out of business  because of the pandemic but allows them to borrow up to two times their  annual revenues on a 20-year loan term at 1 percent interest.   Again, don't confuse that with PPP. This is a separate target product  to try to help those who are in low-income neighborhoods, as defined by  their census track. So, consider, for example, a small business with  $400,000. A 5-year loan at 7\1/2\ percent interest rate, that today  would be equal to $8,000 monthly payments. But if they are able to  refinance that existing loan at 1 percent, the payments fall to $1,840.  So it is an additional amount of assistance.   The bottom line is that we all recognize the importance of small  business. We should all recognize that this is not a bailout. These are  viable businesses, and the only reason they are struggling is because  the government has stepped in--like it does, for example, in eminent  domain--and said: For the public good, it is important for us to  infringe upon your right to make money and conduct business.   I think when government does that in the public good, just like in  eminent domain, the government also has an obligation to step forward  and help these companies from going out of business. Otherwise, we will  lose not just the backbone of our economy but the millions of jobs that  come with it, and the impact would be catastrophic.   I yield the floor.   