 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, thank you to the chair of the Highways and Transit  Subcommittee, Ms. Holmes Norton, for her support for this bill.   I also really thank my good friend and colleague from the great State  of Minnesota, Congresswoman Angie Craig, with whom I was happy and  proud to be the colead of H.R. 3779, the Resilience Revolving Loan Fund  Act of 2019. This is the House companion bill to the bill that we are  now debating, S. 3418, the STORM Act. I thank Congresswoman Craig for  her leadership on this legislation and for allowing me to be the colead  on this bill with her that ensures that much-needed support is  available to our rural communities.   This bill will prevent catastrophes across the country before  disaster strikes, saving lives, livelihoods, and heartache for many  Americans.   Madam Speaker, imagine this: Communities that are prone to consistent  disasters on an annual basis can now have a pot of money to make their  community safer before disasters hit, thus, investing on the front end  to save taxpayer dollars on the back end. This bill is going to  establish that revolving loan fund to support these important disaster  mitigation efforts, and in most areas in my district, that usually  means my rural communities.   Upfront investment, as I just mentioned, in mitigation has been  proven to reduce disaster costs and save lives, and that is why this  bill is so important.   While Congress has worked in the past to increase support for  mitigation, many local projects still go unfunded. Unfortunately,  localized disasters that hit communities like those in my district,  while devastating, may never receive a major disaster declaration. We  have passed reforms to address this issue, including my bill, the  Disaster Declaration Improvement Act, but more reforms are obviously  needed.   S. 3418 will provide these communities more options in mitigating the  impact of disasters that have left so many communities without relief.  And with the flexibilities built into the bill, this bill will ensure  key projects will be eligible for these loans.   I also take this opportunity to thank one of my constituents for his  advocacy on this bill, and that is Mayor Rick Eberlin of Grafton,  Illinois. Grafton, Illinois--the Key West to the Mississippi, I like to  call it--is a prime example of a community that would benefit greatly  from this piece of legislation.   Mayor Eberlin has tirelessly fought for the people of Grafton and was  the individual who brought this partnership and this legislation to my  attention. I have no doubt that the funds made available under this  bill will ensure Grafton and its surrounding communities are better  protected during the next flood season.   Madam Speaker, I urge support of this legislation, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the  balance of my time.   Madam Speaker, I do say, first off, I truly appreciate the words and  the passion from my good friend from the U.S. Virgin Islands (Ms.  Plaskett). I am disappointed to see that this bill came back from the  Senate without the provisions that we supported on her behalf in the  committee.   Madam Speaker, I, too, would like to echo to the Senate and to the  House as we move into the future: Let's address this concern. There is  bipartisan support for what Ms. Plaskett is asking for.   These are the types of bipartisan issues that we usually try and  solve in the House, but, unfortunately, we got this from the Senate. We  will let them be the ones to admit they screwed this up with a  technical error.   But let's fix it. That is the key. Let's work together to make that  happen.   Madam Speaker, in closing, S. 3418 will help support critical  mitigation projects in local communities, including rural communities  that are hit and devastated by these natural disasters. This will save  lives and prevent damage and loss to farmers, businesses, and  homeowners across the country, and it is also going to save, long term,  billions upon billions of taxpayer dollars that are going, time and  time again, to help communities recover from events we know are going  to happen.   Let's do something on the front end and save taxpayer dollars for the  next generation on the back end.   Madam Speaker, I would be remiss if I didn't thank the staff on both  sides of the aisle for their work to get this bill to a good place and  with the Senate: on the majority side, Aaron Davis; on our own side,  Johanna Hardy; and in my office, Jimmy Ballard. I really appreciate all  these folks and what they have done to help districts like mine.   I also thank some folks who really worked hard on this bill, too,  that are with me here today from the committee: Corey Cooke and her  number one fan, her puppy, Coda Cooke; and also Tara Hupman and her  number one fan, her puppy, Chester Hupman. I certainly hope my number  one fans, when I get home, Rider and Julia Davis, one day get a chance  to meet theirs.   But it takes people working together to get things done, and these  are the types of issues that show our success in this institution.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, S. 979, the Federal Advance Contracts Enhancement Act,  or FACE Act, will improve disaster preparedness and ensure State and  local governments receive more consistent guidance from the Federal  Emergency Management Agency.   Following Hurricane Katrina, Congress directed FEMA to establish  advance contracts ahead of disasters to  [[Page H7270]]  rapidly provide goods and services following a disaster.   Following the 2017 hurricanes and wildfires, the Government  Accountability Office reviewed the use of advance contracts and  identified a number of shortcomings, including unclear guidance and  inconsistent information from FEMA on using these advance contracts.   Ultimately, GAO issued nine recommendations, and FEMA has concurred  with every single one of them.   This bill would require FEMA to provide an updated report on advance  contracts, updated its strategy, improve its guidance for FEMA  personnel, and regularly report to Congress on progress in addressing  GAO's recommendations.   These reforms will help improve our disaster preparedness and provide  clarity to States and local communities on how to better leverage these  useful contracts.   I am proud to stand with my colleague, Ms. Norton, to support this  bill in a bipartisan way because, if there is one thing that the  Federal Government should do right, it is to help communities recover  from disasters they had nothing to do with.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I again rise in support of another great piece of  bipartisan legislation, S. 2730, the Drone Advisory Committee for the  21st Century Act.   The Drone Advisory Committee is a long-term advisory committee that  provides the Federal Aviation Administration with advice on key drone  integration issues.   S. 2730 directs the FAA to ensure that there is broad participation  on this committee that develops policies for unmanned aircraft systems,  or drones, and their growing uses.   S. 2730 also directs the FAA to consider public opinion when  nominating anyone to serve on the Drone Advisory Committee.   Imagine that, a government agency asking the public, who is  intricately involved in issues related to drone technology and the  ability to use drones in and around our public airspace--imagine having  public opinion determine who should be best to serve.   This is another example where Republicans and Democrats have come  together to offer solutions. It is sad we have to put them on paper, to  put them into legislation sometimes; but here we are today, and I am  glad it is happening.   Having committee participation from those in rural areas, especially,  will  [[Page H7271]]  help those in agribusiness, like in the 13th District of Illinois, my  district, where agriculture is king and is so much a part of our local  economy. They depend on drones.   The growing use of drones and unmanned aircraft in this field are  affecting wide swaths of the country. When you look at my district, we  have to start talking about some of the other drone issues that I and  my colleagues on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee have  worked on over the last few years that I have been blessed to serve in  this institution.   It was an amendment I offered to a previous FAA reauthorization that  allowed for microdrones to have a category in and of itself. We don't  need this committee actively trying to influence what we would consider  the hobby aircraft industry. If a drone is below 4.4 pounds, we believe  anyone who wants to utilize this technology should have the opportunity  to do so.   Madam Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to support S. 2730,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I want to say in  closing, I encourage all Members to support this bill.   I also want to say thank you to the colleagues that don't get a  chance to come back here on January 3, like Mr. Cunningham and so many  of my other friends. These are good people who served in a great  institution where we worked together to make sure we made this country  a better place. I thank them for their service.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   