 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to complete my  remarks before the vote.    Mr. President, yesterday the Senate Judiciary Committee  held our first oversight hearing to learn more about the origins and  evolution of the counterintelligence investigation known as Crossfire  Hurricane, opened in July of 2016 against a Presidential candidate and  his campaign team. I asked Rod Rosenstein, the former Deputy Attorney  General, if he knew of a precedent for active FBI investigations  against both nominees of the major political parties for Presidential  campaign, and he said: No, there is no precedent.   The FBI is not supposed to be involved in our elections and in our  politics. Yet you recall what happened on July 5, 2016. Director James  Comey held another unprecedented event--a press conference--at which he  said that no reasonable prosecutor would prosecute Secretary Hillary  Clinton for a crime but then proceeded to detail derogatory  information--information that was not his to release but was supposed  to be part of a confidential investigation.   Under our system of justice, the FBI is supposed to investigate  crime, and then the Department of Justice makes the charging  decision. That is when things become public. Yet, when the FBI decides  there is not enough evidence to support charging, it doesn't hold a  press conference and disparage the character and reputation of the  person it is investigating.    I don't know whether Director Comey had an impact on the 2016  election, but I do know what he did was wrong, and, yesterday, Deputy  Attorney General Rosenstein confirmed his memo to then-Attorney General  Jeff Sessions, which was then attached to Jeff Sessions' letter to the  President, recommending that Director Comey be terminated as the FBI  Director. The reason was not because he had made a mistake but because  he had failed to see the error of his ways and was likely to repeat  them again.   The Deputy Attorney General is supposed to be the supervisor for the  FBI, and while the chain of command is pretty clear in criminal cases,  in this species of investigation known as counterintelligence, which is  not primarily to investigate crimes but to investigate security threats  to the United States, there was no chain of command. The FBI was  running rogue under Director Comey, along with some of the things we  have learned about with regard to Director McCabe, Peter Strzok, Lisa  Page, and others.   It is really important that we not only make sure we understand what  happened--that it was unprecedented and negatively affected Hillary  Clinton's campaign--but that it also negatively affected Donald Trump  and his campaign, and this investigation continued long after he became  President. It resulted in the appointment of a special counsel, who  ended up with no evidence with which to charge the President with any  crime.   We can't have the FBI interfering with our elections. Yes, it needs  to investigate counterintelligence threats to the United States, and it  needs to investigate crimes, but it should not be a primary actor in  that process, in the public process, by which we elect Presidents. It  needs to stay in its particular lane and not become a partisan, in  effect, affecting the outcome of Presidential elections, all of which  is to say that the investigation the Committee on the Judiciary began  yesterday is very, very important. One thing we must make sure of is  that this never happens again, and the only way we can make sure it  never happens again is to make clear what did happen and where the  train went off the rails.   The last 3\1/2\ years have been primarily occupied with this so- called investigation into President Trump and his campaign, then the  appointment of a special counsel, and 2 years of Director Mueller's  investigation as special counsel. Then what followed that was  impeachment. Think of all of the opportunity costs associated with  that, the time we could have and should have spent on doing things  which would have impacted the quality of life of the American people-- improving access to healthcare, creating economic opportunity,  enhancing our national security. These are things we were not doing  because we were preoccupied with these bogus investigations and the  media leaks by the people who knew better.   Adam Schiff and the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence  took a lot of sworn testimony during their ``investigation.'' Now that  it has been declassified, we know that none of the witnesses--mainly  Obama-era officials--knew of any evidence of coordination, cooperation,  or collusion with Russian authorities--none of them. Yet Adam Schiff  and others on the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence had  the temerity to go to the microphones and say there was rampant  collusion, conspiracy, and collaboration--just bald-faced lies. Of  course, the American people didn't know that. We didn't know that  because those allegations were reported in the press, and they led into  this narrative which has so dominated us over the last 3\1/2\ years,  only to find there was no basis for it.   Suffice it to say that the investigations that are being conducted by  the Committee on the Judiciary and by the Committee on Homeland  Security and Governmental Affairs, led by Chairman Johnson, I think,  are very, very important. The facts will come out. We know that  Attorney General Barr has deputized Mr. Durham, a U.S. attorney, to see  whether there is evidence of chargeable crimes, because there needs to  be accountability.   