 Mr. President, I am on the floor today to discuss a  question of fundamental fairness to members of our Armed Forces and to  Federal employees.   I think we all may recall a few months ago when President Trump  ordered the Department of the Treasury to establish a system to push  businesses, companies, and employers around the country to defer the  collection of employees' payroll taxes. Those are the taxes that go to  Social Security and Medicare. The key word here is ``defer'' because  this is really a shell game.   Any moneys that businesses do not pay into Social Security and  Medicare now are going to have to be paid by those Federal employees  right after the holidays, starting in January.   And many employees around the country were at first confused. They  thought they were getting a payroll tax holiday, but that is not the  case.   The reality is, whatever they didn't pay in the form of payroll taxes  now and in the past couple months they would be required to pay back  right after those holidays.   And when businesses looked at this and when workers and employees  around the country looked at this, they overwhelmingly rejected it.  They said they didn't want to participate.   Here is what UPS said about this proposal: ``We recognize that for  some, it may have been helpful to have more money in their paychecks in  2020, yet not all employees have professional tax planning needed to  prepare effectively for the added obligation they would face in 2021.''   So even though this payroll tax deferral proposal got a burst of  attention, it turned out to be meaningless for most workers around the  country. Most private sector employers didn't participate, and their  employees and workers didn't want them to participate.   Unfortunately, the one big exception to this has been members of our  Armed Forces, the folks who every day stand guard to protect our  country, and Federal employees who do the Nation's business with  respect to important services they provide.   And as the private sector has rejected this, we have heard from  thousands of Federal employees who say: We don't want to participate  either. We have heard from members of the Armed Forces that say: We  don't want to be used as guinea pigs and be required to participate.   So I want to be really clear that if we don't correct this, the  damage will continue to be done, and these members of our Armed Forces  and Federal employees will be forced to pay even more back after the  holidays.   Now, I wrote to Treasury Secretary Mnuchin and to OMB Director Vought  about this back in September, September 8, just as the deferral was  starting, and we were joined in that letter by 22 Senators--Senators  from both sides of the aisle. We had a simple bipartisan request. It  was: Make this payroll tax deferral optional, make it voluntary. If  Federal employees and members of our Armed Forces want to participate  in this proposal, fine. Let them do it, but don't force, don't require,  don't coerce members of our military and Federal employees to  participate.   And we didn't get a response to that letter to Secretary Mnuchin and  CBO Director Vought. So I asked Secretary Mnuchin about this issue at a  Senate Banking Committee hearing on September 24. I said: Mr.  Secretary, why shouldn't we make this voluntary? Why should you require  members of our Armed Forces and Federal employees to participate in the  program if they don't want to? And his response was: Yeah, it would be  ``reasonable'' for  [[Page S7198]]  the payroll tax to be voluntary ``if people don't want to participate.  Sounds like common sense.''   Well, we expected some followup from the Secretary of Treasury.  Nothing. So we sent a followup letter--again, a bipartisan letter.  Nothing.   So now it is December, and the Trump administration is still forcing  members of our Armed Forces and Federal employees who don't want to  participate in this now-forced deferral program--they want to continue  to force them to do it. So we introduced a bipartisan piece of  legislation called the Protecting Employees from Surprise Taxes Act. It  is pretty straightforward. It says: If a Federal employee or member of  the armed services wants to participate, let them participate. If they  want to opt out, let them opt out of it.    I want to stress that the Federal workers we have heard from and the  organizations and unions that represent Federal workers strongly  support this measure. And why not? It is hard to argue that we  shouldn't let the folks who are standing guard to protect us make a  choice about whether they want to participate in this program.   Also, just to remind our colleagues--maybe they haven't kept track of  this--the Senate chose not to participate. The Senate chose not to  participate in this program, whether on a mandatory or a voluntary  basis. The House of Representatives chose not to participate in this  program.   So it is going to be interesting to hear the Senators say that they  want to require members of our Armed Forces and Federal employees to  enroll in a program that this Senate decided was not good for members  of the Senate staff and the House of Representatives decided was not  good for House staff.   Yet, if we don't support this proposal, this is simply passing the  bipartisan legislation I mentioned to give our members of the Armed  Forces and Federal employees that choice. If we don't pass this, we are  going to require them to continue to participate in a program they  don't like.   So, Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous  consent that the Finance Committee be discharged from further  consideration of S. 4810 and the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration. I further ask that the bill be read a third time and  passed and the motion to reconsider be made and laid upon the table  with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, just to respond to the Senator from  Montana, I think he well knows that it has been over 6 months since the  House of Representatives passed the first Heroes Act with comprehensive  COVID-19 relief. They have also passed an updated ``Heroes 2 Act,'' but  we never even had a vote here in the U.S. Senate on that provision. We  have been blocked from having that vote by the Republican leader.   I don't know where my colleague stands on the bipartisan framework  that was just released. That is something that I can support and  pursue, but listening to the Senate majority leader, he has been  pouring cold water on it. And, by the way, the measure that the Senator  from Montana mentioned that we should pass right now for coronavirus  relief, that doesn't have a payroll tax holiday. It doesn't do what the  Senator just said he wants to do. It doesn't say anything about that.   So if the Senator or others want to introduce legislation to have a  payroll tax holiday for those who have been enrolled in this program  for the last 4 months, go ahead. But why would you allow another day to  pass requiring members of our Armed Forces who don't want to  participate to participate to participate or requiring Federal  employees who are out there providing public services to participate?  That is all this does. This doesn't preclude anything the Senator  talked about doing. All it does is to say: Right now, for those people  who are calling who don't want to be enrolled in this program, let them  out. Let them out.   And what the Senator from Montana is saying is: No, I want to  continue to hold them hostage to pass a proposal that isn't even in the  majority leader's own bill.   And that is what people get sick and tired about around this country.   So let's just pass this. This is a simple, straightforward bill. I  welcome debate on the bipartisan proposal that has been put forward by  a number of Republican Senators and a number of Democratic Senators,  but don't try and mix this up into that larger debate. This is very  simple. It just says to a member of the Army, the Navy or any of the  services who doesn't want to be forced to participate in this right now  that they don't have to. That is what this says, and by opposing this,  you are saying that you want to prolong the requirement that they  participate in a program that they don't want to be a part of    Mr. President, just very briefly in response, I think  everyone knows what is going on here. This is a very simple proposal.  If you want to participate in President Trump's deferral, you can  continue to participate in the deferral program. But if you are in the  Armed Forces or are a Federal employee and you are being required to do  that right now and you don't want to, we should let them opt out. That  is all this is about, and I am really surprised that our Republican  colleagues would block members of our Armed Forces and Federal  employees from making a simple choice which they believe is in their  best interest.   So I am disappointed with the objection and will continue to pursue  this.   Thank you.   