 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding, the  Republican whip from the grand State of Louisiana.   As the gentleman is aware as a result of his service in previous  Congresses, when we get to the last days of the Congress, it is very  difficult to predict the schedule because the reason we have not  already passed something is because it is controversial, and we are  trying to work out an agreement.   In that context, Mr. Speaker, I am advising Members that they will  not be expected to be back here to vote on any piece of legislation  prior to Tuesday next at 6:30 p.m.   The reason for that is because an agreement has not been reached on  either COVID-19 legislation or the omnibus for the funding of the  government for the balance of the year between now and September 30.   As a result, even if an agreement were reached tomorrow, the time for  the staff to put it in bill language and to file it would take us at  least until Tuesday. So, there is no point in having Members here with  nothing to do.   However, as I know the minority whip agrees with me, we need to get  those two bills done in one form or another. I am hopeful that over the  next 72, 96 hours, that there will be a lot of work being done.   I want to let the public know that in the Senate and in the House,  both on the Democratic side and on the Republican side, Members are  working hard to resolve the differences that still exist because I  think both sides understand the critical nature of passing COVID-19  legislation where we have millions of people, millions of small  businesses, millions of healthcare workers waiting for us to resolve  these issues so that they can confront the challenges that COVID-19 has  created both on the health side and on the economic side.   I would say that if we can get that done, that we may vote, as I  said, as early as Tuesday at 6:30. But I will say that we will not  leave--when I say ``leave,'' we will not adjourn the 116th Congress  until we get those two bills done because they have to be done.   I thank the gentleman for the question, and that is the answer.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his observations.   In fact, I am for an agreement that is being worked on right now that  has $300 billion, a third of the $908 billion, that is set aside for  small businesses for exactly the reasons that the whip points out, that  we want to make sure that we can keep as many small businesses in  business as possible, which is why we ought to pass legislation.   But we are not holding small businesses hostage any more than we are  holding those on unemployment hostage, any more than we are holding  States and localities hostage, any more than we are holding schools  hostage, any more than we are holding childcare and CDBG hostage or  emergency assistance or farm aid or nutrition aid.   None of those are being held hostage. What is happening is, they all  need to get resources to meet the challenges they face. That is what we  believe needs to happen.   All of those need to be addressed. All of those need to be included  in a bill that, hopefully, we will pass in the early part of next week.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. I don't have the  facts, but, obviously, our position is if there are facts being raised  that ought to be looked at, they ought to be looked at.   But I don't have the facts, and I don't want to comment on the issue  itself because I don't know enough about it to do so. But I think all  due diligence will be pursued.    Will the gentleman yield?    I didn't mention one bill that is still percolating. We  passed it 335-78. The Senate passed it, I think, 86-14, or something.  The National Defense Authorization Act is going to be going to the  President soon. I am hopeful the President will sign it.   If he does not sign it, that will be another issue that may be  considered.   On the other hand, I have indications that perhaps there will be a  substantial number of Republicans who voted for the bill who may not  vote to pass it over the President's veto. So, we will have that to  consider as well.   I hadn't mentioned that, and I wanted to mention that that is still  on the docket.    Will the gentleman yield?    Mr. Speaker, I hope he will sign it. I know he has  concerns about a section that Senator Inhofe said ought not to be in  the bill. But whether it should or should not, it is not in the bill,  and the conferees determined that it should not be in the bill.   As the gentleman knows, this has great consequences for our national  security and for our troops. I would hope the gentleman would, and I  would, urge the President to sign the bill.   I thank the gentleman for yielding.   