 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding.   I rise today in support of S. 2981, the National Oceanic and  Atmospheric Administration Commissioned Officer Corps Amendments Act of  2020. This bicameral and bipartisan legislation aims to improve the  smallest uniform service in our country, the NOAA Commissioned Officer  Corps.   The men and women of the NOAA Corps operate a highly specialized  fleet of scientific ships and aircraft, several of which are based in  my district on the Mississippi Gulf Coast and along coastlines around  the Nation. The research conducted on these scientific platforms helps  to improve hurricane forecasts, manage healthy and sustainable  fisheries such as red snapper, and ensure safe and efficient maritime  commerce on America's waters.   Members of the NOAA Corps are the ones who operate the 9 aircrafts  and 15 vessels in NOAA's growing fleet. During a hurricane, they deploy  on missions into the storm; and immediately after hurricanes, they  deploy to assess damage and map out debris in the channels to open our  ports back up as soon as possible.   All these activities are essential to my district and many others,  especially this year where we had back-to-back hurricanes in the Gulf  impacting our maritime economy and ecosystems.    NOAA Corps officers provide essential scientific and operational  expertise needed for NOAA to meet its missions every day. Recognizing  NOAA's 50th anniversary and their growing responsibilities, this  legislation will help NOAA retain and recruit the most qualified  officers and will offer these servicemembers the level of personal and  professional support that they deserve.   The 2020 hurricane season confirms that we need to make the right  investments so the NOAA Corps can become even better at predicting  storms, in turn, protecting life and property while helping conserve  our fisheries that are vital to our national heritage.   Mr. Speaker, I believe it is crucial that we reauthorize and support  the NOAA Commissioned Officer Corps, and I urge my colleagues to vote  in favor of it.   