 Reserving the right to object, Mr. President, Speaker  Pelosi's second bite at the apple, just after we voted on a $900  billion bill that has now been signed into law by the President of the  United States, is not the way to send relief to the hardest hit  Americans. Under this legislation, a family of five with an annual  income of $350,000 would receive a stimulus check. This is reminiscent  of the Heroes Act that the House passed, which cut taxes for  millionaires and billionaires. This isn't about helping the people that  need it the most. This is about helping millionaires and billionaires  and people who frankly have not suffered the hardships economically  that others have during this pandemic. The median household in my State  is $60,000, and the Speaker wants to send taxpayer-funded assistance to  folks earning nearly six times that much. Even the Washington Post  editorial board agrees this is bad policy.   It doesn't differentiate between people who have been receiving a  paycheck during this pandemic, such as government employees, and people  who, simply by virtue of their job, have been put out of work and are  not receiving any income or maybe at best unemployment compensation.  The Speaker's bill isn't about targeting folks who have lost their jobs  or have seen their income reduced. It is a far cry from the additional  assistance President Trump requested for the hardest hit Americans. The  reality is, this bill would spend roughly $300 billion more on folks  who aren't even experiencing a financial strain from the pandemic.   We need to focus on the people who have been hurt. That is what our  COVID-19 relief bill, which was just recently signed into law, is  designed to do, and I dare say this is not going to be the last time we  visit this topic. If there is more we need to do, I am confident we  will do it. But today, in this  [[Page S7976]]  way, is not the right way to do it. I object.    Mr. President, would the Senator from Illinois yield for  a question?    Mr. President, I wonder if the Senator from Illinois  would consider pairing their request for a $2,000 direct payment with a  liability shield provision that would guard businesses that have been  operating in good faith and following the guidelines put out by public  health and government institutions, and preserve a right to sue for  reckless and willful disregard of the rights for others? Would the  Senator consider pairing those two together?    Mr. President, I would say to our colleague from Vermont,  I have no problem with providing assistance, whether it is to public  health officials who are trying to struggle with this pandemic or to  provide money for research for the therapeutics or vaccines which,  fortunately, are now being distributed around the country. I have no  objection to direct payments to individuals. I voted for the $1,200  direct payments contained in the CARES Act. I voted for the additional  money that is provided for in the most recent COVID-19 legislation. But  this legislation that the Senator from Vermont is advocating would  benefit households with annual incomes of over $350,000. They would get  this money.   I would say that one way to deal with this--because, of course, we  negotiated back and forth on the last COVID-19 bill, and nobody got  everything they wanted--but if our colleagues on the other side of the  aisle want an additional financial benefit for people making up to  $350,000, why not couple it with liability protection for people who  are acting in good faith?   This isn't just about corporations, and our colleagues across the  aisle know it. This is about schools. This is about churches,  synagogues, and mosques. This is about every business that is worried  that a game of ``gotcha'' is going to take place and they are going to  end up paying the price. Even if they win the lawsuit, they will still  have to pay for the cost of defense, potentially losing their  businesses outright.   Clearly, our colleagues across the aisle care more about trial  lawyers and being able to bring litigation against businesses that have  tried to do their best and have struggled with the evolving public  health guidance provided by the CDC and other authorities. Clearly, if  they are not interested in engaging in a negotiation where people, who  through no fault of their own, find themselves victimized by frivolous  litigation, then, we have no alternative but to continue to object to  this request.    Mr. President, I would say to our colleague from Vermont:  This money is not targeted to people who have suffered financially.    It is not targeted to people who have suffered financial  losses. This money would go to members of your own staff if they meet  the financial requirements and to other government employees who have  suffered no financial loss during this pandemic.   We have all suffered in different ways during the pandemic, to be  sure, but, financially, this money is designed to help the people who  need it the most. Why would you send money to government employees who  have been receiving their full paycheck during this pandemic?    It was more of a rhetorical question.    Mr. President, I wanted to come to the floor and talk  about what strikes me as something akin to Groundhog Day. Groundhog Day  is only the day I was born. It is something I feel like we are living  through here as we debate the same points over  [[Page S7978]]  and over and over again, forgetting what it is we have already done-- the good things we have done together on a bipartisan basis.   We have already appropriated roughly $4 trillion in response to this  pandemic, and it is appropriate that we have done so because this was a  true public health crisis. But now this is--we are seeing politics  creep back in in an attempt to send money in an untargeted and wasteful  sort of way to people who have suffered no financial loss.   These relief packages that we passed together have provided hundreds  of billions of dollars to support our hospitals and healthcare workers  who are on the frontlines. I voted for it, and I think we were right to  do so.   We have thrown small businesses and their employees a lifeline  through the Paycheck Protection Program, and we were right to do so. We  have invested in research, development, and manufacturing of  therapeutics and vaccines that are currently being administered--thank  goodness--throughout the country and, indeed, around the world. And we  have sent unprecedented assistance to workers, families, and  individuals whose livelihoods have been upended by this crisis.   Thanks to President Trump's leadership, Congress has stepped up and  met this unprecedented challenge to deliver relief bill after relief  bill for the American people. If you had told me a year ago I would  have voted this year alone for roughly $4 trillion worth of spending in  this pandemic, I would not have believed you. But I do believe this is  a domestic equivalent to World War II, where we have to do everything  humanly possible to try to help our fellow man, woman, and child during  this pandemic.    The latest round of relief came, of course, just this week, when  President Trump signed the $900 billion rescue package into law. While  I am glad Congress was able to send more relief out the door at the end  of the year, I am disappointed that it took so long to do so. It is  amazing the sense of urgency our Democratic colleagues have today,  since at least three times--maybe four times--they blocked our attempts  to pass half-trillion-dollar relief bills during the course of the  summer.   In July, our colleagues introduced the HEALS Act, which would have  provided just under a trillion dollars in relief, covering the same  types of policies included in the most recent relief bill--direct  payments, unemployment benefits, funding for schools, vaccines, and a  host of other priorities.   Our Democratic colleagues not only complained about the bill, but  they called it weak, little, pathetic, and unserious. They refused to  engage in the sorts of negotiations that are customary around here when  you actually want to solve a problem or consider anything short of the  House's multitrillion-dollar bill, which they knew had no chance of  passing in the Senate because of things like tax cuts for millionaires  and billionaires, which had nothing to do with COVID.   So our Democratic colleagues dragged their feet--July, August,  September, October, November. Months went by, and the cases soared, and  the economic squeeze tightened, and our Democratic colleagues refused  to accept any sort of compromise.   That was until a few weeks ago, when they finally changed their tune  right after the election. I am sure it comes as no surprise that once  the holdout agrees to negotiate, things can move pretty quickly, and  that is what happened here after the election. Democrats, Republicans,  and the administration agreed to a $900 billion package, which looks  very similar to the one they dubbed pathetic just a few months ago.   In recent days, the President has expressed an interest in doing  more, and I have no doubt that we will do more in this area, but  Speaker Pelosi's bill goes far beyond what the President is talking  about. For one, it would dramatically widen the pool of recipients,  enabling wealthy households to qualify for relief checks. This is  unacceptable and wasteful.   When Congress provided the first round of direct payments through the  CARES Act, we did so in a way that sent relief to the hardest hit  Americans. Individuals who made up to $75,000 received the full $1,200,  and the amount gradually declined as income increased and completely  phased out at $99,000. We kept the same formula for the $600 payments  provided for under the omnibus and further targeted the relief. Once  again, those who made up to $75,000 will receive the full amount, and  the amount phases out completely at $87,000.   Under the CARES Act, a family of four earning up to $150,000 received  $3,400, and in the most recent rescue bill, the same family would  receive an additional $2,400. This was the most effective and targeted  way to ensure that assistance goes to those who actually need it while  avoiding sending taxpayer dollars--borrowed, I might add--to those who  don't.   The House-passed legislation would provide $2,000 payments, but it  doesn't have a similar structure to keep these payments targeted. Let  me give you an example.   If this bill were to become law, a person making $100,000 a year  would receive a $750 check from the Federal Government, whether or not  they lost income during the pandemic. This isn't someone who used to  make that much but was laid off or had a reduction in their income.  Someone who is currently earning a six-figure salary would receive an  additional $750 from American taxpayers.   For families, the income barrier goes higher. As I mentioned a moment  ago, if you have a family of five with an annual household income of  $350,000 a year, that family would receive a stimulus check under the  House-passed bill. Now, that is not being smart with taxpayer dollars,  and that is not targeted at the people who actually need it. That is a  giveaway to people who have not suffered any financial losses during  this pandemic and clearly not targeted at those who need the most help.   I mentioned a moment ago that the median income for households in  Texas is $60,000 a year, so this family of five is earning nearly six  times as much and would still receive a check from taxpayers. That  defies all common sense. Even the Washington Post editorial board  dubbed this policy as wasteful because of the huge amounts destined for  what they call ``perfectly comfortable families.''   Even though Congress has already provided roughly $4 trillion in  relief to the American people, our Democratic colleagues are acting as  though this is the first and only way to help our country.   Like I said, for them, every day is Groundhog Day. They ignore  everything we have done in the past and act like this is the only thing  we have or could do. It is just not true   This debate isn't about whether or not Congress should help families  who are struggling. We have. And there is no question we will continue  to do so where needed. That is why we provided $1,200 in direct  payments to the hardest hit Americans through the CARES Act and an  additional $600 through the most recent relief bill. That is why these  bills also bolstered State unemployment benefits and expanded them to  include independent contractors and the self-employed. That is why  Congress passed legislation to provide food assistance to families,  keep more hard-working Americans on payroll, and ensure our economy is  on track for a strong recovery.   Again, we did this thanks to the leadership of President Trump and by  working together in a bipartisan way.   Countless Texans have told me about the impact of this relief on  their businesses and their families, and we can't lose sight of the  progress that has already been made. But future relief must be  targeted. We need to support those who need it and avoid sending  hundreds of billions of dollars, as this proposal would, to those who  don't need it.   Throughout the year, I have been an advocate for an incremental  approach to these relief bills because I think it is hard to spend $3  trillion and know exactly how that bill is going to work. And, indeed,  we found out through the CARES Act that the mainstream lending  facility, which we funded at roughly half a trillion dollars, wasn't as  useful as we would have hoped.   Conversely, the Paycheck Protection Program was more successful than  our wildest dreams. So I think by seeing what works and what doesn't  work, we can be better stewards of taxpayer dollars by spending the  money more efficiently and in a more targeted way.  [[Page S7979]]    This isn't like highway bills or farm bills or defense spending bills  where we have an idea about what is needed for individual programs.  There was no precedent for this pandemic, no handbook, and no clear way  to gauge how long this crisis would go on or what would be needed to  sustain our response.   After the CARES Act passed, we knew it made the most sense to hit the  pause button and see what worked well, what didn't, and where more help  was needed. As I said, there were certain programs like the Paycheck  Protection Program that almost immediately dried up. If I am not  mistaken, in 2 weeks, roughly $350 billion was obligated under the  Paycheck Protection Program--a strong indication that we really hit the  sweet spot when it came to helping those small businesses. That is why  we added more funding in April, another $320 billion, and we extended  the program in July and reinvested in the Paycheck Protection Program  again in the omnibus.   As I said, there were other places where the money went unspent. But,  fortunately, in the most recent bill we were able to repurpose hundreds  of billions of dollars in unspent funds, again, to target it to where  the need was greatest and where it could help the most.   There is no question that tens of millions of workers and their  families have been hurt by this virus. We all know that. And I think we  have all acted together, by and large, responsibly, in trying to  respond to that. No one will be left out if we have a means and method  of targeting this to those people--whether it is direct payments,  enhanced unemployment benefits, incentives to their employers to  maintain them on payroll. And now that we have the beginning of the  distribution of the vaccine, my hope is that in the coming months we  will get back to, if not the new normal, whatever the next normal will  be.   But we are just a few days from kicking off the new Congress, and I  have no reason to believe that our coronavirus relief work is finished  here today. As a matter of fact, Vice President Biden said that he  expects to send us an additional request for help once he assumes  office.   Once the legislation we have passed has a chance to benefit the  American people, we will see if more relief is needed, and then, if it  is needed, we should absolutely do more.   I still believe in the wisdom of the incremental approach, and I  believe our Democratic friends will join us in responding to the true  needs of this crisis without monthlong delays or irresponsible  spending.   Countless Texans have told me about the importance of the relief we  have provided through direct payments, unemployment benefits, food  assistance, and other forms of support by the laws we passed throughout  this year. I was proud to support each of those policies, which have  eased the financial strains on millions of Texans and other Americans.  I will continue to work with our colleagues to provide assistance as  our war on COVID-19 rages on.   I yield the floor.   