 Mr. President, across America, people of all ages, races,  and backgrounds have continued to show up on the streets to speak up  and speak out against racial injustice. Of course, it is their right  under the Constitution to do so.   Galvanized by the tragic death of George Floyd, they are marching in  peaceful protests, signing petitions, and having frank discussions with  their families. It is a moment characterized by heartbreak and anger  over the injustices that many Black Americans feel are perpetrated on  them every day, but it is also a time for hope for the future as the  issue has come front and center. Frankly, we have to do something about  it.   In city halls, State legislatures, and, of course, here in the U.S.  Capitol, there is a newfound sense of energy and urgency behind the  effort to pass meaningful reform. We have an opportunity to create  profound change in an area that, for too long, has just been a can  kicked down the road, and I am optimistic we will succeed.   I told the Floyd family when I talked to them before their son, their  brother, was buried: My hope for you and my hope for all of us is that  something positive will come out of this tragedy.   Here in the Senate, we are working on legislation to respond to these  events, and the majority leader has tasked our friend and colleague  from South Carolina, Senator Tim Scott, to lead the effort in our  conference. I am proud to have been working with him closely--and  several other colleagues--to draft legislation that I think will help  us begin the first step down that path and support America's police  forces.   As we work through potential policies, it is important to hear  feedback from my constituents back home, and last Friday I had the  chance to do just that. I reached out to my friend, Dallas Mayor Eric  Johnson, whom I have gotten to know pretty well during his first year  as mayor. Whether it be Dallas tornadoes or the COVID-19 virus or, now,  discussions about the George Floyd killing and racial injustice, we  have found the opportunity to work together to support the people of  Dallas through some incredibly difficult times.   I asked him if he would help me convene a group of leaders in Dallas  to discuss these issues, and by Friday we were all socially distancing  around a large table in city hall in Dallas, TX. The mayor and I were  joined by Police Chief Renee Hall, Dallas County Sheriff Marian Brown,  Dallas County District Attorney John Creuzot, as well as union,  community, and faith leaders. We had a frank conversation about the  challenges we are up against as we work to repair the broken trust  between law enforcement and some of the communities they serve.   I was able to spend some time talking about the work we are doing  here in the Senate and the ideas that could be included in any  legislation. I talked about two specific proposals that I have  recommended--one being the establishment of a National Criminal Justice  Commission. This Commission would review the criminal justice system  from top to bottom and provide recommendations to us, something that  has not happened at the national level since 1965.   I also recommended taking steps to ensure more departments and  agencies are providing deescalation training for their officers so,  hopefully, officers will know how to use these tactics to prevent  similar tragedies from occurring in the first place.   But mostly I was there to listen and to learn from the men and women  with decades of experience in protecting, serving, and advocating for  their communities.   Chief Hall talked about how policing strategies had created a wedge  between law enforcement and some of the minority communities and the  work it is going to take in order to repair that trust and eliminate  that wedge. She noted that Dallas is home to some of the best officers  in the country and that the vast majority of them show up for work  every day with all of the right intentions and attitude, but for the  small number of officers who don't, we need to be able to identify them  quickly and remove them from our police forces.   Thinking about the officer who was directly responsible for George  Floyd's death, according to published reports, he had at least 17  misconduct complaints already lodged against him. Now, that should be a  red flag for anybody.   In any tragedy, you can't help but go through the what-ifs and wonder  how things might have played out differently. What if his supervisors  had taken action? What if he had been fired? What if he hadn't been  available to respond to the incident involving George Floyd because he  was assigned to some other duties?   Well, these are difficult questions to ask because the outcome likely  would  [[Page S2963]]  have been different, but they are the types of questions we need to ask  in order to prevent history from repeating itself.   The major theme of our conversation was trust: How do we restore  communities' trust in law enforcement? Minister Sammie Barry from  Dallas West Church of Christ made a great point about ensuring that  police agencies reflect the diversity of the communities in which they  serve.   Texas is about as diverse a State as they come. Our cities are a  vibrant blend of backgrounds, cultures, and skin tones, and our police  departments should reflect that.   That is one topic of discussion here in the Senate, one I hope we can  act on in the coming weeks: How do we encourage police recruitment of  the right people who can reflect the communities in which they serve?   As Dallas County Sheriff Marian Brown said, we all recognize and  acknowledge that we have a long way to go, and unfortunately there is  no magic pill to help get us there. Instead, we are going to have to  roll up our sleeves and do the hard work of trying to build consensus  and solve problems.   As always, the first step in the process is good communication.  Honest and frank discussions between community leaders, law  enforcement, and elected officials are a great start, but we are going  to have to do a lot more than talk in order to create palpable change.   I will be the first to admit I don't have all the answers. I don't  think anyone else does either, but these conversations are key to  helping each of us get closer to finding them.   I want to thank Mayor Johnson and everyone who took time out of their  busy schedules to participate in our discussion last Friday. These men  and women have provided me with valuable insight and ideas about the  changes that need to be made in order to restore public confidence in  all of our law enforcement agencies.   I have come back to Washington with new ideas based on their  feedback, and I am eager to continue to work with all of our colleagues  to deliver real reforms for the American people and restore that trust  which, unfortunately, has been strained, if not broken, in some  communities   I yield the floor.   