 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Let me begin by thanking my friends Mr. Smith, Mr. Davis, Mr.  DeFazio, and Mr. Suozzi, for bringing forth this bipartisan bill.   In March 2019 Samantha Josephson, a 21-year-old native of New Jersey,  was finishing her senior year at the University of South Carolina in my  congressional district. She was a great student and had earned a full  scholarship to study at Drexel University School of Law to pursue her  dream of practicing international law. Sami, as she was known to her  family and friends, did not get a chance to fulfill those dreams.   After an evening out with friends, she decided to order a rideshare  home. Video captured her getting into a black car that she assumed was  her ride. Instead of being her ride, the unmarked car was driven by a  predator who kidnapped and killed her.   Today, we will vote on Sami's Law to put protections in place to  prevent similar tragedies.   This legislation makes it illegal for anyone other than rideshare  companies to sell rideshare vehicle signs so predators can't  impersonate an authorized driver. It also institutes the additional  safeguard of a new code system that will allow the passenger to verify  that  [[Page H3925]]  the vehicle is their ride before they get into the car.   Finally, the bill sets up a new council at the Department of  Transportation to develop performance standards for rideshare  technologies to ensure that our safety protocols keep up with the pace  of technology.   I thank, once again, Congressman Chris Smith, my Republican colleague  from Sami's New Jersey hometown, for his sponsorship of this bipartisan  bill.   I have met with Sami's parents, and I want to thank them for their  strength and commitment to ensuring this legislation becomes law.   I thank my colleagues in advance of their votes, hopefully, in favor  of this legislation that will honor Sami's legacy and enacts important  safeguards to protect rideshare users from predatory behavior.   