 Madam President, I come to the floor to support the two  pro-life bills being considered this week and to stand with my friend  and colleague from Nebraska in his efforts to promote the legislation  that is before us, for both of these bills promote respect for innocent  human life.   Senator Lindsey Graham's Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act  would ban nearly all abortions at 20 weeks of pregnancy. As a doctor, I  know that it is medically proven that babies do feel pain at 20 weeks.  Americans overwhelmingly oppose these third-trimester abortions. Yet  the United States remains one of only seven countries in the world to  allow abortions after 5 months. This group includes China, and it  includes North Korea. We need to do much better. The Graham bill puts  us on higher ground with the rest of the world. It says, at 5 months,  which is 20 weeks, abortion on demand must stop. It includes exceptions  for rape, for incest, and for the life of the mother. I strongly  support this effort by Senator Graham, and I applaud him for his  tremendous work on this issue.   I also stand here on the floor to say I strongly support what Senator  Sasse has been saying about his specific bill, the Born-Alive Abortion  Survivors Protection Act. Senator Sasse is another champion on life  issues. The Sasse bill affirms that infanticide is illegal. It upholds  the right of all U.S.-born babies to full medical care. Every baby born  in this country deserves every chance to live. All doctors must do  everything in their power to save babies who survive abortions.   Both the Graham and the Sasse bills fully protect mothers from either  prosecution or penalty. Both measures demonstrate character, and they  demonstrate courage. These are bills that care for our children, and  they do what is medically right.   Thanks to all of those who work to protect innocent human life, we  are here on the floor, debating, promoting, and asking for a vote to  pass this legislation. I urge all Senators to support these life- affirming bills.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   