 Mr. President, as we all know by now, yesterday brought  even more great news on the vaccine front. The FDA has now issued an  emergency approval for a second COVID-19 Vaccine. This one will be  developed by the American biotech company Moderna and millions of doses  will be distributed across the country. I should say millions more  doses will be distributed across the country in the coming days.   As we know, the first vaccine approved, which was created by Pfizer  and BioNTech, was approved just over a week ago, and already thousands  of healthcare workers have been vaccinated. In my State, we expect a  million people--a million Texans--to be vaccinated by the end of this  month, which is a remarkable achievement and one we ought to celebrate.   Both of these vaccines will be extraordinarily effective, estimated  to be 95 percent effective. If you think about the seasonal flu  vaccine, for example, it is, generally speaking, no more than 60  percent effective and many times far less. So 95 percent represents an  amazing accomplishment. So the American people have every reason to be  optimistic about our ability to put this virus in the rearview mirror,  once and for all.   As we now know, the first round of Pfizer vaccines were sent to major  hospitals across the country, including more than 100 in my State.  Unfortunately, rural areas were almost entirely excluded. This is  largely because of the infrastructure required to use the Pfizer  vaccine, which must be kept at a negative 94 degrees Fahrenheit, which  is significantly colder than the average freezer. While you are likely  to find these ultra-low-temperature freezers in major hospitals and  major research labs, they are far less likely to be found in smaller,  rural hospitals. So when the first round of Pfizer vaccines went out  the door, they were only sent to hospitals with the necessary equipment  and a large number of workers who needed the vaccine. As a result,  [[Page S7834]]  the healthcare heroes in rural areas, who have been fighting the same  virus, often with fewer staff, fewer resources, and fewer treatments,  were left waiting. But we have every reason to believe that this will  change with the approval of the Moderna vaccine. This doesn't require  the same low temperature storage and can be kept at around 40 degrees  Fahrenheit for 30 days. This will make it easier to safely transport  these vaccines from manufacturing sites to rural parts of Texas and the  rest of the country and ensure that all of our healthcare heroes, our  frontline workers, and, eventually, the general public will not be left  behind.   There is no reason why rural healthcare workers in Texas or anywhere  should be denied this lifesaving vaccine when their peers in larger  urban areas are already receiving it. This is yet another reason to  celebrate the approval of the second successful vaccine, and I am eager  for the Moderna vaccine to arrive in healthcare facilities across  Texas.   Mr. President, that brings me to the business that remains before the  Senate today and, likely, for the next couple of days. After months of  trying to come together on coronavirus legislation--months--the last  several days have given the American people a lot of reason to hope.  First of all, it seems like, for the first time in months, there is  actually bipartisan interest in achieving an agreement. That wasn't the  case in the runup to the election, where we had at least three or more  cloture votes fail in the Senate.   So for months additional coronavirus relief was defeated by our  Democratic colleagues who weren't even interested in the runup to the  election on providing additional relief after the CARES Act passed last  March. But, hopefully, that has all changed now after the election.  Negotiators are working around the clock to reach an agreement that  will gain the support of both parties and reach the President's desk  before we gavel out for the holidays. But the days are dragging on, the  clock is ticking, and the time is running out.    I want to mention two things--one about the process, and the other is  about the substance included in whatever the package will look like.   First of all, given the way that this is being negotiated, basically  there are four people who are negotiating this massive spending package  on behalf of the 535 Members of Congress, and essentially, because this  has been pushed off until these last days of the 116th session of  Congress, the only thing most rank-and-file Members will be able to do  is to vote up or down. In other words, there is no opportunity to amend  it through regular order.   I just have to say, this is a terrible way to do business, and in the  future, I hope we do better because this is almost the worst of all  worlds when it comes to legislating. But we know our backs are against  the wall because of the politics leading up to the election, where we  haven't been able to do more since March, and so we have to do what we  have to do.   The second thing I want to mention, which is more about substance, is  about the Paycheck Protection Program and the deductibility of ordinary  business expenses. I believe the Paycheck Protection Program has been  one of the most successful parts of our COVID-19 economic relief. The  goal, of course, was to provide small businesses access to low-interest  loans, which could be converted into grants based upon their  willingness to maintain their payroll and keep their employees  connected with the business.   The hope was that these businesses would survive and would rebound  after we got the virus in the rearview mirror. We didn't know how long  that was going to last, and, indeed, it has lasted longer than any of  us would have wanted or had planned. But it is important that this  Paycheck Protection Program be revived because time is running out.   In my State, roughly $41 billion has been granted or--excuse me-- loaned with potential for grants to about 417,000 businesses. This has  been an essential part of our response to COVID-19 and the economic  fallout associated with it. But when we passed the PPP program in  March, we expected--the Congress expected that businesses that got the  loans that were converted to grants would be able to deduct their  ordinary business expenses in the year 2020.   Now, I know that may not be the best tax policy in the world, but we  could choose one of two ways to get financial relief to the small  businesses. We can shovel money in the front door, or we can allow them  to deduct their ordinary business expenses even though they received a  grant from the Federal Government.   The reason why I say I know this was part of the understanding in  March when we passed the bill is because I have now--because of the  Treasury Department's opposition to the deductibility of ordinary  business expenses for the recipients of the PPP grant, because of the  Treasury Department's position that those are not deductible, we have  had to file legislation which will override the Treasury Department's  guidance and allow for that deductibility.   Again, this is not an ideal way to write tax policy, but under the  exigent circumstances here, I think it makes perfect sense. Again, you  can either write more checks on the front end, or you can allow  businesses financial relief by deducting their ordinary expenses on the  back end.   What I fear will happen, because of the opposition of the Treasury  Department, is that, come January, the businesses that have received  this incredibly important PPP benefit will find themselves having to  pick up--having a tax bill, which will reverse, if not negate, the  benefit that we intended by developing the PPP program in the first  place. This will happen as early as January when many businesses have  to pay their estimated tax. There will be an incredible backlash, I  believe, because I think the recipients of the PPP loans and grants  have every reason to expect, as Congress intended, that they would be  able to deduct their ordinary business expenses.   What is going to happen if we don't fix that in this underlying bill?  Well, we are going to end up doing it next year, I promise you, because  I think the backlash we are going to feel here from the businesses that  have been suffering, have been hanging on by a thread--that all of a  sudden, they have an unexpected tax bill of roughly, according to the  Wall Street Journal, about $120 billion worth.   We ultimately are going to have to fix that, so we might as well fix  it on the front end rather than on the back end after our constituents  who have been the recipients of the PPP grants rise up in outrage,  really, that we haven't taken care of this now when we should. So I  hope that in the negotiations on this COVID-19 relief bill, we include  the deductibility of ordinary business expenses for recipients of PPP  grants   The funding we provided earlier this year for vaccine distribution  has already been depleted, and States are dipping into other sources of  funding to ensure they have the capabilities to carry out the  widespread vaccination effort. That is another reason why we need to  pass this COVID-19 relief bill as soon as possible.   Workers lost bolstered Federal unemployment benefits at the end of  July, and they are set to lose additional benefits the day after  Christmas.   Small businesses, as I said, are struggling to stay afloat,  especially as the winter weather hampers outdoor dining and events. I  saw the snow that hit New York, where many of the restaurants--because  they have been shut down, indoor dining has been shut down. They tried  to build up some infrastructure outside their restaurants, but now even  those have been closed down because of the weather.   People are hurting and need help. Parents and teachers are wondering  when their children will be able to return to in-person learning and  how schools will be able to keep them safe when they do.   The list goes on and on.   Earlier this year, we made a $3 trillion investment in our war  against COVID-19, and that funding has been critical, not only to get  us to where we are today in terms of therapeutics and vaccines but also  to keep our economy from tanking entirely. But those funds are drying  up, programs are expiring, and the American people are counting on us  once again to provide the support they need.   There appear to be a few remaining sticking points in the  negotiations, but  [[Page S7835]]  there is no reason why Congress shouldn't be able to reach an  agreement. The steady drip of information from congressional leaders is  encouraging, but progress doesn't pay the bills.   Enough time has been wasted this year on partisanship and political  posturing. We have reached a make-it-or-break-it moment, and there is  no room for inaction. The American people are looking to us to protect  their health and their livelihoods, and we cannot let them down.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   