 Mr. President, I rise today as more than 220,000  Americans are dead from the coronavirus. There are more than 4 million  fewer jobs than when Donald Trump took office. We are still squarely in  the middle of this pandemic and an economic crisis, the likes of which  we have not seen since the Great Depression.   In recent weeks, cases of the coronavirus have risen dramatically. In  my home State of New Mexico--and, frankly, across the entire country-- everyone is rightly worried about whether our schools, our childcare  centers, and our small businesses can acquire the resources and the  equipment they need to reopen safely.   We still don't have enough resources or even a national plan for  testing and contact tracing, much less for treatments and the eventual  nationwide distribution of an FDA-approved vaccine that would allow us  to finally get a handle on this virus.   If we don't pass real economic relief in the coming weeks, many  families in New Mexico will face desperate choices--between paying  their bills, keeping a roof over their heads, and putting food on the  table. Yet here we are, using valuable time on a Supreme Court  confirmation process that should never have been taken up before the  election.   Senate Republicans say they aren't going to negotiate another  coronavirus relief package. They say it is more important to ram a  Supreme Court nominee through a broken and nakedly political process  than it is to help the people that we were all elected to serve.   Clearly, nothing--not even the lives or livelihoods of the American  people--will get in the way of their power-grab design to reward their  biggest donors and the most extreme interests.   Let me say this clearly: I disagree. There is still so much that we  need to do to stop the spread of the coronavirus and to support  families, workers, and businesses that are struggling and to rebuild  our communities. Let's move to that urgent action.   But with Senate Republicans refusing to do that, let's discuss in  real terms what they are doing instead.   Considering and confirming Supreme Court nominees is one of a  Senator's most solemn duties under the Constitution. We are supposed to  take it seriously and deliberately, but Senate Republicans have thrown  out the rule book. It started when, with nearly a full year remaining  in President Obama's final term, Senate Republicans refused to even  hold hearings on Merrick Garland, the nominee to replace the late  justice Antonin Scalia.   Then, they dismantled the rules that had ensured that both parties  would have a seat at the table on Supreme Court nominations. Then, they  bull-rushed the vetting process for Justice Kavanaugh's lifetime  appointment to the Court, despite multiple, credible allegations of  sexual misconduct.   After all of that, I suppose it should have come as no real surprise  that Majority Leader McConnell waited less than an hour after the  announcement of Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg's death to say that he was  going to push the envelope even further.   So here we are. Leader McConnell and Republicans are now forcing the  Senate to rush through another partisan Supreme Court confirmation  battle in mere weeks--and now mere days before election day.   They are shamelessly discarding their own precedents, breaking their  own rules, abandoning their own words, and they are trampling on the  legacy of Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Before her death, Justice  Ginsburg told her granddaughter that her ``most fervent wish'' was that  her seat wouldn't be filled until after the next President is  inaugurated.   Justice Ginsburg served on our Nation's highest Court for nearly  three decades and worked for decades before that to move our country's  laws toward greater equality. She understood that the American people  must trust that the Supreme Court Justices are acting above the  partisan politics of the moment.   The next Presidential election is now less than two weeks away.  Millions of Americans have already voted for their next President and  their next Senators. I believe that these Americans deserve a voice in  this process.   In the words of Majority Leader McConnell himself, as was reported in  the Washington Post on February 18, 2016, ``Given that we are in the  midst of a presidential election process . . . the American people  should seize the opportunity to weigh in on whom they trust to nominate  the next person for a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court.''   The Senate should follow that precedent and should allow voters to  decide who should fill this Supreme Court seat. What has changed for  Majority Leader McConnell? Well, over the last decade, the Court has  made razor-thin 5-to-4 rulings on women's rights, LGBTQ rights,  workers' rights, immigration, voting rights, civil rights, climate  change, and so much else. My Republican colleagues will say that these  decisions were made by activist judges and that all they want are  judges who will call balls and strikes. But what they really want are  judges who will make those calls consistently biased toward wealth and  power, rather than toward people.   For all the talk of activist judges, it is my Republican colleagues  who are right now attempting to add one whopper of an activist to the  Supreme Court.   Next month, the Supreme Court will take up President Trump's case to  eliminate the Affordable Care Act in its entirety. That is right. In  the middle of this pandemic that has now killed more than 220,000  Americans and infected millions more, the Supreme Court is taking up a  case that could eliminate healthcare coverage for millions of  Americans.   Judge Barrett refused to answer questions about the Affordable Care  Act during her confirmation hearing last week. But her views on the  healthcare law are clear and they are exposed in the public record.  Judge Barrett has repeatedly and publicly criticized the Affordable  Care Act. She has said that the Supreme Court should have already  invalidated it. If Senate Republicans have their way, she will have the  opportunity to do just that.   What would it mean if the Supreme Court overturns the Affordable Care  Act? It means bringing back discrimination, higher costs, and even  outright denial of coverage for more than 800,000 New Mexicans living  with preexisting conditions like heart disease, diabetes, cancer, and  now COVID-19.   I am particularly worried about what this would mean for the people  in Indian Country, who have been disproportionately impacted by this  pandemic. In New Mexico, Tribal nations have experienced heartbreaking  losses, and healthcare resources in Tribal communities have been  incredibly strained.   I have lost friends and mentors in Indian Country, and I know others  who are still struggling to recover from this virus. I can't even  imagine how much worse this situation could become if the health  coverage provided by the Affordable Care Act were ripped away.   When we passed the Affordable Care Act, I fought hard to include a  permanent reauthorization of the entire Indian Health Care Improvement  Act, which supports the care provided to Native Americans through the  Indian Health Service.   An estimated 290,000 American Indians and Alaskan Natives also gained  health coverage through the Affordable Care Act's Medicaid expansion.  All of that is at risk if the Supreme Court overturns the Affordable  Care Act.   If Judge Barrett is confirmed, she will also attack other important  Supreme Court precedents, from Roe v. Wade to the recent marriage  equality decisions. She dodged questions on these issues during her  hearing.   But her academic and judicial record made clear Judge Barrett's  extreme beliefs and philosophy. In her hearing last week, Judge Barrett  also refused to take a firm view on climate change. We have major  wildfires burning right now in Northern New Mexico--in October-- Colorado and California are seeing  [[Page S6574]]  much of the same. We don't have time to debate the undisputed facts and  realities of climate change, especially with a judge who would strip us  of the tools needed to address it.   Tellingly, Judge Barrett also refused to agree to recuse herself from  any decisions related to the upcoming Presidential election. Given that  President Trump considers Judge Barrett ``his'' Justice, this creates a  dangerous conflict of interest. It is also a very real threat to the  foundation of the Supreme Court as an equal and independent branch of  government.   Meanwhile, instead of attempting to tear down our democracy, the  House of Representatives has passed multiple coronavirus relief bills  over the last 6 months that would help workers and families. And they  are already willing and able to negotiate with the President, to  negotiate with Leader McConnell to come to some sort of bipartisan  agreement. Majority Leader McConnell and Senate Republicans have walked  away from the negotiating table, leaving us with nothing but false  promises and sham bills to provide themselves a little political cover  before an election.   We all know the real story here. Behind closed doors, Majority Leader  McConnell is actively discouraging negotiations on a bipartisan relief  bill. Let me say this to Majority Leader McConnell and all of my  Republican colleagues: If voters reelect your Republican majority and  President Trump, there will be plenty of time to move forward with a  real and legitimate Supreme Court confirmation process.   Right now, we should be focusing all of our energy on delivering the  aid that Americans so desperately need, protecting the health and the  economic well-being of Americans. That is what our country expects of  us. That is our duty. Let's get to it.   I yield the floor.   