 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this resolution to condemn  continued violence against civilians by armed groups in the Central  African Republic and supporting efforts to achieve lasting peace in the  country.   I want to thank my colleagues, Congressman Cicilline and Congressman  Fortenberry, for introducing this resolution and for their commitment  to this important issue.   Since the fighting began in 2013, thousands of civilians have been  killed. Over half of the population is in need of humanitarian  assistance, and more than 1 million people have been displaced from  their homes.   Still, today, most of the country remains under armed group control,  and the democratically elected government continues to struggle to  project any state authority. The humanitarian suffering is dire.   I am also deeply concerned with the rapid increase in Russian  activity across the country. AFRICOM Commander General Townsend  testified  [[Page H1450]]  last month that Russia is deploying paramilitary contractors,  extracting minerals, and attempting to buy influence in the Central  African Republic. This includes the notorious Wagner Group mercenaries  responsible for horrible atrocities in Libya and Syria. Russian malign  activity in Central African Republic is further destabilizing this  fragile and war-torn country.   This resolution urges all parties to fully adhere to the terms of the  February 2019 peace agreement and cease attacks on civilians. It also  calls on the international community to increase engagement to support  efforts to implement the peace agreement and combat Russian malign  influence. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan resolution.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I again want to thank my colleagues for  their hard work to highlight the situation in the Central African  Republic.   The U.S. is both the largest donor of humanitarian assistance and  largest contributor to U.N. peacekeeping operations in the Central  African Republic. Our assistance provides critical food and medicine to  vulnerable and remote populations. However, the critical needs remain,  and we must urge our partners to do more. Supporting lasting peace and  efforts to stabilize the Central African Republic is in the U.S.  interest.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this bill which reauthorizes  a USAID Merit and Needs-Based Scholarship program named after Malala  Yousafzai.   Malala is a Pakistani activist who began making the case for access  to education for women and girls in 2008 despite objections from the  Pakistani Taliban.   In October 2012, she was shot in the head by the Taliban in an  assassination attempt in retaliation for her activism. Malala, just 15  years old at the time, miraculously survived and continues to fight for  access to education for every child.   I want to thank my colleagues, Congressman Jeffries and Congresswoman  Wagner, for introducing this bill and for their work on this issue.   Specifically, this bill authorizes for 3 years a USAID Merit and  Needs-Based Scholarship program to academically talented, financially  needy Pakistani students to pursue a bachelor's or master's degree at  participating Pakistani universities. At least half of the number of  scholarships shall go to women, and the administrator shall make every  effort to award at least half of the scholarships under the program to  go to Pakistani women.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan bill,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I applaud the words of my colleague. I would add to that  just a few thoughts. My mother grew up on a farm in Dingle, Idaho. Her  high school class had eight people in it, and she traveled to New York  City to get a master's degree from New York University.    I am so pleased for the women in my life and in our community who  have led the way, but acknowledge, Mr. Speaker, that so many people  around the world don't have that same opportunity. For that, I applaud  my colleagues for the work on this bill and for promoting this very  important issue.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, in closing, I again want to thank my  colleagues for their hard work to expand the number of scholarships  available to Pakistani women under USAID's Merit and Needs-Based  Scholarship Program.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support my bill, the TAIPEI Act, which  does three important things.   First, it endorses a U.S.-Taiwan free trade agreement.   Second, it supports Taiwan's membership in international  institutions.   Third, finally, this bill helps Taiwan maintain partners and allies  around the world.   Mr. Speaker, when I was a young missionary living in Taiwan in 1979,  I could hardly imagine that the day would come when I could stand here  and help return the favor of 40 years ago of their friendship and  kindness to me as a young man living amongst them. My time in the  region gave me a unique understanding of the history and the culture of  these great people.   The TAIPEI Act strengthens our relationship with our partner, Taiwan,  and it does this without spending a single U.S. tax dollar.   I thank Senator Gardner, the Senate sponsor, for working with me on  this bill, as well as the bipartisan group of 47 Representatives who  cosponsored this important legislation.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I again thank my colleagues for their  support on the TAIPEI Act. It will make a powerful statement for us to  pass this bill, and I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this resolution to condemn  all forms of violence against children around the world. I thank my  colleagues, Congressman McGovern and Congressman Wilson, for  introducing this resolution and for their work to address this very  important issue.   Mr. Speaker, more than 1 billion children around the world are  victims of violence each year. Violence, exploitation, and abuse take  many forms and disproportionately affect children in the most  vulnerable populations, including those in refugee settlements and  conflict zones.   These traumatic experiences have serious and long-lasting effects on  children's psychological, physical, and social development. But the  negative consequences of violence against children spread far beyond  individuals and families. When children are prevented from reaching  their full potential, nations suffer severe political and economic  setbacks.   The United States has been a global leader in prioritizing programs  to support the health and well-being of children around the world  through our foreign assistance programs, but we can always do more.   This resolution encourages the development of a coordinated and  evidence-based U.S. strategy to prevent, address, and end this abuse.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this resolution, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, in closing, I again thank my colleagues for  their hard work on this important cause.   The exploitation, violence, and abuse experienced by so many of the  world's most vulnerable children cannot be tolerated. This resolution  raises awareness of this horrific reality and urges the United States  Government to develop and coordinate evidence-based strategies to  address this issue.   The United States must continue to use its influence on the global  stage to end violence against children wherever it exists.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   