 Madam Speaker, I want to first acknowledge an individual  from my district, Dr. Sean Roberts.   I grew up with Sean Roberts in Buffalo, New York. Sean is a professor  now at George Washington University. He has studied the Uyghur people  for over 30 years and recently released a book, entitled, ``The War on  the Uyghurs: China's Internal Campaign Against a Muslim Minority.'' It  is a book that has a depth of research about the atrocities against  these people for a long, long time, and I want to commend him for his  leadership.    Madam Speaker, long before China endangered the global community with  their lies and failures in response to the coronavirus, we knew of the  threats they posed, but many ignored them. We can no longer allow them  a free pass. Today, we are here to condemn yet another of China's  Communist regime's crimes, the atrocious record on human rights,  specifically, the persecution and forced labor of the Uyghur people.   The actions of the Chinese Communist regime are appalling, a threat  to freedom everywhere, and must be condemned in unwavering terms. It is  our duty as the strongest beacon of freedom in the world to shine a  light upon these atrocities, sanction those who condone it, and  eradicate such evil.   Freedom is not based on just the ideals you hold; rather, it is based  on your ability to hold those ideals without fear. I urge every one of  my colleagues to support these measures and send a resolute and strong  message to the Chinese Communist Party that we will not tolerate their  human rights violations.   No more should they be able to act as a rogue nation, a bully, and a  manipulator that disregards their own citizens' lives and puts the  entire global community in danger. Until China changes its ways, ends  the torture of the Uyghur people, and acts as a responsible global  citizen, we will not weaken our pressure. With one voice, let's condemn  the atrocities committed against the Uyghur people.  [[Page H4666]]     Madam Speaker, let's work towards ending our foreign  dependence on the Communist regime and hold them accountable for the  lives of every individual their lies have killed.   I look forward to working with the Senate to refine and improve this  bill and endorse the strong measures it will take to hold the Chinese  regime accountable.   