 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, speaking both as a Senator from Vermont and  as vice chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, I am speaking  with concern about what has been happening in the Senate.   It has been 321 days since the first COVID-19 case was reported in  the United States--321 days. It has been 282 days since the first  COVID-19 death was reported in the United States.   The Bureau of Labor Statistics reports that the unemployment rate in  November was 6.7 percent, nearly double the rate in November of last  year. Hundreds of thousands of small businesses across the country have  closed permanently, all due to COVID.   As of today, there are more than 14,800,000 reported cases of COVID- 19 in the United States. To put that in perspective, that is 1 million  more than just a week ago. More than 282,000 Americans have died, and  it has been 256 days since the Senate passed the CARES Act--256 days  since the Senate acted in a comprehensive, meaningful way to address  the real and mounting concerns and needs of our constituents.   My State of Vermont is like everywhere else. Healthcare workers,  caregivers, business owners, employees, teachers, and students are all  in need of support during these difficult and uncertain times.   We have families wrestling with heightened food insecurity. People  for the first time in their lives cannot feed their children and they  cannot feed themselves. They have the threat of eviction from their  homes hanging over them.  [[Page S7226]]    We have States that are strapped by budget shortfalls and are forced  to lay off thousands of employees, people who have worked so hard for  the people of their State.   It has been 205 days since the House first passed the Heroes Act, and  it has been 65 days since they stepped forward to offer a substantial  compromise on the Heroes Act and passed it again. And where does it  sit? It sits on my friend the Republican leader's desk. It is  collecting dust. It is the largest and most significant bill in the  McConnell legislative graveyard.   Why aren't we voting? Look what happens. We can't even bring  ourselves to actually vote on something to help Americans, to help the  people of our own States. They are being thrown out of their houses,  their apartments, and out of their jobs, and we come in for a few days  and then get on an airplane and fly back home, and the taxpayers pay  for it, taxpayers paying our salaries and all and nothing happens.   Now, like millions of Americans, I am encouraged by the news of  recent weeks that pharmaceutical companies are making significant  progress on vaccine development. I am encouraged that some of these  vaccines may be available as early as later this month.   Let's not forget why we were able to develop vaccines so quickly. It  is because of longstanding Federal investment in cutting-edge research  at the National Institutes of Health--research that has been backed by  so many of us in both parties for years in this body. NIH funded  research in genetic and genomic sequencing and enabled the research of  COVID-19 that led to the vaccine. This is the power of Federal dollars  when it is targeted to solve a national--a national--problem. We need  more of that today.   The development of several promised vaccines is great news, but if  you don't have a comprehensive plan in place and resources implemented,  how can we be sure the vaccination is safe, effective, widely  available, and free?   Can anybody stand up and say that every part of their State will have  vaccination? No, the money is not there yet, and we haven't done  anything on that. It is a complete abdication of our responsibility as  elected Representatives that we have simply failed to act.   Now, I know that my friends across the aisle will probably rush to  the floor, and they will blame Democrats for stalling on their  inadequate, face-saving proposal that they went through the motions to  bring before the elections. Remember what it was. It was a give-away to  insurance companies, and they didn't even have the courage to allow  amendments for people to actually have to vote up or down. It is easier  to make a face-saving gesture knowing it would not go anywhere.   Sure, it made some investments in small businesses. It provided some  employment relief, albeit at a significantly reduced level. But it also  tied educational relief to forcing kids back into the classroom, even  if it is an area where it was not safe to accommodate those children.   It failed to deliver on relief to State and local governments, which  are continuing to try to provide essential services to their  communities, as our government is in Vermont. It included nothing for  Low Income Home Energy Assistance, or LIHEAP. And it was snowing in our  State and in a lot of other northern States this weekend. It had no  funding for mental health services. Can you imagine what is going on-- no funding for mental health service? There is no funding for nutrition  assistance. There wasn't a dime for NIH research. And it didn't have a  plan--a vigorous plan--or an investment in vaccination production and  distribution.   It is one thing to say we have these supercold things on an airplane.  Wonderful. When are you going to be able to bring it to our factories,  our schools, our hospitals, and our senior citizens and actually  vaccinate them?   So what was the legislation brought up here? It created a shield for  corporate misconduct. And what it said is that my friends, the  Republicans, are more keen to shield corporate cronies than to work on  behalf of the American people. That is a sham. It is a shame,  especially when you find that at least in one of those corporations  that want a shield, the managers were betting on who would get COVID  first.   In my home State of Vermont, our Governor and our State legislature,  our mayors, and our town leaders across State have taken bold moves to  slow the spread of COVID. Our Governor is Republican, and I am a  Democrat. I praise him for what he did. I talked with him again today  about the steps he has taken--difficult steps, hard steps, but steps to  keep Vermonters safe. And these moves taken in my State of Vermont  resulted in lower instances of the virus than anywhere else in the  country. But as the Governor said and what I have said and everybody  else has said, they have come with a cost. We have kept people safe,  but not without a cost. Unemployment remains. Small businesses continue  to struggle, if they are even able to stay in existence. That says  nothing of the personal hardship families are facing across our small  State   One elderly woman called my office. She expressed frustration with  the President. She told may staff that she has only been able to visit  her husband, who is in a medical rehab facility, a couple of times  during this pandemic due to COVID restrictions. That is not an  anecdote. That is a personal tragedy.   In Vermont, the State and local governments are worrying about how to  clear the roads this winter if COVID hits the plow crews. Snow removal  isn't a luxury in Vermont in the winter. It is a necessity. We  sometimes have 7, 8, 9, 10 inches of snow overnight. But we expect our  businesses and our schools to open that day. I don't know how many  times, at home, on a snowy night, I wake at 4:30 in the morning as I  hear the snowplows going by on the road, and I know I can get to my  office a couple of hours later--and we have had nearly a foot of snow.   My staff spoke with one Vermont mother--not unusual. She is raising a  son with autism. With school systems strained to their limits, special  education services have been sharply reduced. That is going to have a  lasting impact on these students, both educationally and socially.   For those who are facing challenges like addiction, depression, or  mental health issues--and that can be any one of our States--or who  were simply down on their luck before COVID hit earlier this year,  access to vital resources like counseling or intervention has been made  more complicated by COVID restrictions, often with tragic results.   I heard of one Vermonter who passed away alone in a motel room in  Rutland in October. Battling mental health issues, he had become  homeless just as COVID struck earlier this year. And due to the risks  of the virus, family and friends were unable to take him into their  homes. This isn't just a story. It is a man's life. And there are so  many more people out there facing the same struggles.   We are seeing images of car lines at food banks stretching for miles,  as an unprecedented wave of food insecurity is washing over our  country. In my State alone, one in every four Vermonters are now food  insecure. Before this pandemic, it was already an unacceptable 1 in 10.   We are asking children to learn without providing the necessary  resources their teachers need. We are asking families to pay rent  without their jobs and for people to deal with their chronic illnesses  while our hospitals are still stretched to capacity. All of this is  while an unacceptable amount of people are unsure how they will put  food on the table through the end of the week in the wealthiest Nation  on Earth. That is unconscionable.   I must say that the leadership across the aisle has got to bring up  these bills. Stop stalling. You know, they say we only need a targeted  approach, and they point to the stock market as proof. These people who  are out of jobs aren't looking at the stock market. These people who  can't feed their children aren't looking at the stock market. For these  people whose rent has come due and they can't pay it, to them that is  nonsense.   The economy is not going to recover until we have vanquished the  virus. It is that simple. It is that basic. And people are suffering  now. That is the cost of inaction--inaction on real, comprehensive,  COVID relief legislation.   Now with our backs against the wall with a funding deadline looming,  we are racing to accomplish what should  [[Page S7227]]  have been done months ago: annual appropriations bills to keep our  government running. We were ready on this side of the aisle to vote on  those back in June and have a couple of amendments up or down.  Republicans, in the majority, if they didn't like a Democratic  amendment, they could vote it down. We could have done it back then.  Now the deadline is this week, months later. We have to pass these  bills before Congress adjourns this year so there is no disruption in  our government, in our services during this difficult time in our  country. It will only exacerbate the growing problems facing many  Americans today. But our annual appropriations bills are no substitute  for the significant investment we need to confront this national and  international emergency. We need a comprehensive COVID relief bill.   It is time to get serious. Instead of flying off every weekend back  home, stay here. Vote these things up or down. Bring up amendments on  both sides of the aisle. Have an agreement on the amendments and vote  them up or down, because time is wasted.   How many hours have we spent racing to confirm nomination after  nomination at the expense of everything else, including dealing with  the emergency of this pandemic, while COVID cases soar and more and  more people succumb to this virus? How much more time will the Senate  waste while American families and communities suffer? It is time for us  to do our job. We are elected for 6-year terms. Let's stay here for 6  days during the week, if need be. Let's get it done. The American  people are suffering enough. We shouldn't be adding to that strain by  playing politics with these essential priorities   I am hearing from Vermonters every day, worried about unemployment  benefits, their children's education, their health or for that of their  loved ones, about food security, about keeping their homes and paying  their bills.   The Senate, when it has been at its best, has been the conscience of  the Nation. It is long past time that we started acting like the  conscience of the Nation. It has been 256 days since the Senate took  meaningful action on this COVID epidemic. We shouldn't wait a day  longer. Let's set everything else aside. Let's have votes on these  programs. Let's vote up or down. This Senator is ready to do that.   I see the distinguished leader on the floor.   I yield the floor.   