 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the  National Defense Authorization Act (NODA) and my amendment which  authorizes five million dollars for a pancreatic cancer early detection  initiative (EDI) at the Department of Defense (DoD). Pancreatic cancer  has the lowest survival rate of all major cancers--in large part due to  lack of research in early detection. I believe we all agree that the  patients, families, friends, and loved ones suffering from this disease  deserve greater support.   My amendment will provide critical funding needed for more research  and an early detection initiative (EDI) under the Congressionally  Directed Medical Research Programs (CDMRP) at DoD. I am pleased that  the Appropriations Defense Subcommittee has already appropriated ten  million dollars for general pancreatic cancer research funding in this  year's funding legislation. This is an increase of four million dollars  from the previous year, and I am thankful to the Defense Subcommittee,  especially Chairman Visclosky, for their leadership on this issue.  While encouraging, this general research increase is not enough to  close the gap in early detection of pancreatic cancer. We should do  more, especially now.   On Friday, this issue hit painfully close to home as America lost a  giant to pancreatic cancer. Rep. John Lewis, our civil rights hero and  Conscience of the Congress, passed away from pancreatic cancer only  seven months after receiving his diagnosis. My amendment is inspired by  Rep. Lewis' courageous fight against pancreatic cancer. It is  unacceptable that, despite being the third leading cause of cancer- related death in our country, pancreatic cancer still does not have a  dedicated early detection initiative. Rep. Lewis' short battle against  pancreatic cancer is, sadly, often the norm for patients. In fact, the  lack of research in ways to detect pancreatic cancer early has led to  devastating consequences: sixty-six percent of patients live less than  one year following their diagnosis. I am also inspired by my friend and  colleague, Rep. Alcee Hastings, who is fighting pancreatic cancer.   If diagnosed early, the five-year survival rate for pancreatic cancer  patients is above eighty percent. However, if pancreatic cancer is  detected late, the five-year survival rate drops to less than five  percent. By failing to support our nation's researchers with the means  to find new ways to detect pancreatic cancer early, we are leaving  America's pancreatic cancer patients with few ways to detect this  disease in time to extend the quality and duration of their lives. Rep.  Lewis' struggle against this horrific disease should serve as a  sobering reminder of the human cost of failing to support early  detection for pancreatic cancer.   It's important to note that persistent health care inequities and  disparities for communities of color compound the devastation of  pancreatic cancer and the effects of lack of early detection research.  Unfortunately, Blacks are more likely than their fellow Americans to  get pancreatic cancer. In fact, the incidence rate for pancreatic  cancer among Black Americans is twenty percent higher than any other  racial demographic. This disease is more deadly for us: the pancreatic  cancer death rate is seventeen percent higher for Black men than White  men. Significant evidence demonstrates that these disproportionate  levels of pancreatic  [[Page H3501]]  cancer are in large part rooted in disparities in health care and  access to tests and diagnostics. As a result, the lack of pancreatic  cancer early detection research accelerates the racial unfairness in  our health care system, with devastating consequences for minorities.   At a time when our country is having a national conversation about  the deep disparities in access to health care for Black and Brown  people during a global pandemic, Congress must do everything within our  power to improve health outcomes through research and treatment.  Providing dedicated funding for early detection research at DoD will  help fill a critical gap in our pancreatic cancer research and will  help address the pancreatic cancer disparities for communities of  color.   I urge the House to support this amendment.   