 Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague from Texas for  yielding.   Most importantly, I want to thank all of those hardworking families  across this country, people who are struggling through this crisis, who  are adhering to the guidance from the President and their Governors.  But they want us to get back to work. They want us to work together to  help them through this critical time, to focus on finding a cure as we  are seeing so many advances in medicine, on testing, and on therapies  that may work.   In the meantime, we are all learning how to deal with this disease  better, how to socially distance. Even if you go to the grocery store  now, people are being more cautious.   We also need to make sure that we help those families hold on through  this time, that we help those small businesses that are struggling  through this time. The Paycheck Protection Program has been incredibly  successful as a lifeline to those small businesses.   President Trump called on us weeks ago to come and replenish this  fund that has been used by so many businesses to hang on, and yet there  were cries from the other side. In fact, one of the leaders of the main  caucus on the opposition side called the Paycheck Protection Program  leverage, that they should hold out from re-funding to get other  things.   This isn't about leveraging families who are struggling and hanging  on and businesses that barely can make it while you try to go for other  items. Help those people who are in need. Negotiate on other things  that we can get agreement on, but don't hold hostages during this time.   I reached out to so many small businesses and heard from people in my  district and all around this country. We saw another 4.4 million people  lose their jobs just this week, and yet there were businesses holding  on, waiting for this money that didn't get it for the last 2 weeks  while this leverage game was played.   I just talked to one company, Delta Electronics in Harvey, Louisiana:  ``We laid off two of our three employees. . . . We are about 7 days  away from shutting our doors down for good and possibly declaring  bankruptcy.''    ``We are about 7 days away from shutting our doors down  for good and possibly declaring bankruptcy. We don't know what else to  do. I'm tired of crying myself to sleep every night wondering what  tomorrow holds. Will we lose everything we worked for? Our house? Our  retirement?''   ``Enough is enough.''   They had to wait an extra 2 weeks. Hopefully, that company can hold  on.   MJ's Grill in Columbia, South Carolina: ``We are a small, family-run  restaurant that has a staff of 16. We have had to cut our staffing down  to eight and those employees work limited hours. I open and close the  kitchen every day without taking a paycheck to try and keep the doors  open. We are quickly approaching the hard-line decision of closing our  doors permanently.''   These are stories that go on and on, heartbreaking stories from  businesses that just want to hold on to keep their family business  going, to keep those employees, that represent millions of people.   Stop thinking of them as leverage and start thinking of them as our  neighbors. Just like we applaud our frontline workers, the men and  women in the hospitals, the nurses, the doctors who are keeping us  safe, let's work to keep everybody safe and get through this and open  our economy back again. Let's pass this bill.    