 Mr. President, reserving the right to object,  this is clearly a challenging time for every level of government. I  think we will all admit that this crisis was unprecedented, and  Congress has already taken bold action to stem this virus and save our  economy. But if we are not careful, Congress will create another  equally devastating crisis down the road--a crisis of our own making.   Our national debt and deficits, already at unsustainable levels, have  skyrocketed as Congress has spent almost $3 trillion--$3 trillion--to  address this crisis. To put that in perspective, Congress has spent  $9,000 for every American.   At some point we need to start thinking about the impact this  spending will have on the future of our children and our grandchildren,  how we are impacting our ability to fund our military and our safety  nets like Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid.   Again, I know everyone here wants to help our States. I want to help  our States, too, which is why I support maintaining the existing  restrictions tied to the Coronavirus Relief Fund that were included in  the CARES Act to make sure this spending is for coronavirus response.   Congress has already allocated billions in direct and indirect aid to  States and localities. Total direct funding from the Federal Government  already exceeds $1 trillion. Let me just go through it.   We gave them $150 billion for COVID-19 expenses. To put that in  perspective, while I was Governor of Florida, we had four hurricanes.  The Federal Government never funded 100 percent of my cost. We are  funding 100 percent of the COVID-19 cost.  [[Page S3647]]    We have given our State and local governments $500 billion in short- term loans. We have given them $45 billion in FEMA disaster funds, $30  billion in education funds without any information on whether education  costs have gone up, $34 billion for mass transit and community grants,  $270 billion for CARES Act emergency appropriations, and $50 billion  for Medicaid--and as we have all seen with the healthcare costs,  Medicaid costs have gone down around the country.   Even this doesn't begin to count another $1.3 trillion in indirect  assistance to small businesses, individuals, and increased unemployment  benefits to families in all of our States.   We have given $175 billion to our healthcare community. We have given  $11 billion to our States to deal with testing.   Now my colleagues want to spend another $1 trillion before the other  trillion dollars that was already allocated has even been spent.   I sent a letter this month to all U.S. Governors to get more details  on exactly how they are allocating the Federal coronavirus response  funds that they have already received. I have heard back only from four  States.   Do you think I have heard back from New York? Of course not, and I  don't expect to. Why? Because politicians in these liberal States have  refused to live within their means for decades, and they want  Floridians to backfill their budgets and pay for the incompetency of  Governors like Andrew Cuomo.   Andrew Cuomo got elected when I got elected--at the end of 2010, at  the end of the financial crisis. I have watched him in my 8 years as  Governor. Did he balance his budget? No, he doesn't balance his budget.  He keeps borrowing more money year after year.   The Wall Street Journal's editorial board said: ``The policy question  is why taxpayers in Florida and other well-managed states should pay  higher taxes to rescue an Albany political class that refuses to  restrain its tax-and-spend governance.''   New York has increased their spending since 2010 by $43 billion,  which is $570,000 per new resident--$570,000 per new resident. They  already have a State and local personal income tax rate of 12.7  percent.   I know why they want money: They can't tax their citizens any more.  They have already done it. Because of all of their taxes, people keep  moving to States like Florida. They have lost $9.6 billion in adjusted  gross income to other States just since 2018.   So what these States have done is they don't live within their means,  and now they want us to come be responsible for their bad budgets,  their pension plans, and things like that.   One of my colleagues brought up this concept that some States are  donors. I have been up here 18 months. I have looked at the Federal  budget. I haven't seen a dime come from the States. It comes from the  taxpayers in those States. Do you know how it comes here? It comes here  to pay for things like Social Security and Medicare. Then these  citizens get sick and tired of the high taxes in places like New  Jersey, New York, Illinois, and California and move to lower tax States  and then receive these benefits.   Then people come up here and say: Oh, our government funded  governments in other States. No, they don't. The citizens do it, and  then they get sick and tired of those high taxes and move.   So we know New York, California, and Illinois have no problem using  hard-earned taxpayer dollars to fund their liberal priorities and to  backfill their budget shortfalls and solve their longstanding fiscal  problems.   It is not fair to the citizens of States like Florida where, over my  8 years as Governor, we made the hard choices that put our State on a  financially secure path. Because we made those choices, the Governor of  Florida was able to sign a responsible State budget today without  having to beg the Federal Government for a bailout. Guess what. There  are teacher pay raises in there and increased funding for K-12  education.   American families make responsible budgetary decisions every day.  Successful companies make responsible budget decisions every day. Well- meaning States like Florida have done it for years. It is time for New  York, Illinois, and California to do the same.   We have to get serious about how we are spending taxpayer money and  the fact that this year's Federal budget deficit will be the largest in  the history of this country. While it may be tempting to throw money at  the problem and then believe that removing the restrictions on funding  will satisfy States for a bailout, I am afraid that my colleagues are  mistaken.   These funds are still needed for coronavirus response, and  unfortunately many States have not been shy about their desire for  hundreds of billions of dollars in taxpayer bailouts for their liberal  agendas. I am not going to let this happen.   By the way, when you hear about all these letters that come that want  more money--I spent 8 years as Governor of Florida. I don't remember  one time that somebody came to me and said: Why don't you spend less  money? Of course everybody is going to come up here and ask us for more  money, more money, more money. It is somebody's money.   I think about this in the context of my seven grandchildren. We  cannot saddle them and children like them across the country with  mountains of debt--debt that right now stands in excess of $77,000 per  American--$77,000 per American.   Do you know what it was in 1976? It was $3 per American. It is  $77,000. To take away the same opportunities I had to live the American  dream from our children and grandchildren would not only be a political  failure, it would be an abdication of our moral responsibility.   It is time to make the hard choices, to put our Nation on a path to  recovery--recovery from this virus, from the economic devastations  brought with it, and from the fiscal calamity that decades of  politicians have ignored. I hope my colleagues will join me in the  fight for our future.   I therefore respectfully object.    Mr. President, I would like to respond to my  colleague before he leaves.    Mr. President, I wasn't here when the tax bill  was done. I cut taxes of over $10 billion. We cut taxes and fees. And  what happened is our economy grew. We added 1.7 billion jobs.   Let's go back and look at this. We talk about money. We have given  $150 billion for the expenses. We have given loans. We have given FEMA  disaster funds. We have given education funds. We have given mass  transit funds. We have given emergency appropriations for a variety of  different sections. We have given many healthcare dollars for  [[Page S3648]]  Medicaid. On top of that, we allocated $175 billion to our healthcare  system, and we gave our States $11 billion for testing. It is not like  we have been up here and not responding. We have responded.   By the way, the dollars have not all been spent. What we need to do  is, let's see what these Governors come back with. I have gotten a  response from four Governors so far. Let's look at what they said, and  then we can make a responsible decision on how we spend our money going  forward.   