 Mr. Speaker, I thank my distinguished colleague, the  chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Eliot Engel from the Boogie  Down Bronx, for yielding me the time.   Mr. Speaker, I certainly want to take a moment of personal privilege  just to thank Chairman Engel for his friendship, his support, and his  extraordinary leadership year after year on behalf of the people of New  York City and the Nation as a critically important member of the House  Democratic Caucus and a tremendous, legendary public servant.    Today, we vote on H.R. 5586, the Haiti Development, Accountability,  and Institutional Transparency Initiative Act, a bill to upgrade the  U.S. foreign assistance strategy to Haiti.   Haiti was the first nation in the Caribbean to gain independence. It  is the world's first Black-led republic, home to resilient and  entrepreneurial people. Haiti has tremendous potential to thrive as a  free, fair, and prosperous democracy.   I am proud to represent a vibrant community of Haitian Americans in  Brooklyn and Queens, including Little Haiti in Brooklyn, which is a  neighboring congressional district represented by Congresswoman Yvette  Clarke.   As much of the diaspora has communicated to me, unfortunately, Haiti  still faces severe challenges in its quest to achieve full prosperity  for its people and the opportunity to live in a free, democratic  society.   This January marked the 10-year anniversary of the catastrophic Haiti  earthquake that killed and displaced hundreds of thousands of people.   Since 2010, Haiti has gone through additional hardships like  Hurricane Matthew, fuel shortages, food insecurity, and now the  coronavirus pandemic.   Many Haitians are frustrated by the corruption, poverty, and  undemocratic practices on the island. Since 2018, mass demonstrations  in Haiti protested the country's economic situation and the Haitian  Government's apparent misappropriation of the Petrocaribe oil dollars.   Tens of thousands of protesters also demanded the resignation of the  current President, who has been ruling by decree since January 2020.   H.R. 5586 directs the State Department and USAID to evaluate the  effectiveness and shortcomings of U.S. foreign aid to Haiti over the  past 10 years. The bill also directs these two agencies to devise new  approaches to reduce poverty and promote good governance.   Mr. Speaker, once again, I thank Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman  Eliot Engel and Ranking Member McCaul, Western Hemisphere Subcommittee  Chairman Sires and Ranking Member Rooney, Congresswoman  [[Page H5900]]  Ann Wagner, and Democrats and Republicans on both sides of the aisle,  as well as the organizations supporting this bipartisan bill.   The United States should always stand with our neighbor in the  Western Hemisphere and the Haitian people as they fight for a self- governing, democratic, and prosperous nation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this bill.   