 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I rise to offer an amendment today to H.R.  2546, Protecting America's Wilderness Act.   As we know, this bill would provide permanent protections for  approximately 1.3 million acres of Federal land, including in  California, and 1,200 miles of rivers. Not only will it provide vital  protections for some of our most precious natural resources, but it  will also improve outdoor recreational opportunities for underserved  communities.   Now, my amendment ensures that, as we work to protect, conserve, and  enjoy Federal public lands, we also prioritize the safety of our  communities. This amendment gives the authority to the Secretary of the  Department of the Interior and the Secretary of the Department of  Agriculture to ensure that they are able to manage for fire, insects,  and disease in wilderness areas, particularly during times of crisis.   In California, we are, unfortunately, no stranger to the threat of  wildfires; and with climate change, wildfire seasons are becoming  wildfire years.   Now, wildfires do not stop at property lines, so neither should our  Federal efforts to fight wildfires and better manage our forestland. As  we work to fight the effects of climate change and the impacts on our  forests, we must also take every action that we can to protect the  families and the homes in these vulnerable communities.   In putting forward new and critical protections on land--from the  redwoods to the Los Padres National Forest, to the San Gabriel  Mountains--we must ensure our Federal land managers have the  flexibility that they need to take the reasonable and necessary actions  to preemptively address fire, insects, and disease threats to this  land.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Carbajal), my good friend from the southern coast of  California.    Mr. Chair, I want to thank my good friend and neighbor  to the south, Representative Carbajal, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote.   