 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, as we rapidly approach the end of the  session, Senators are working in earnest to finish a bipartisan  government funding bill as well as an emergency Federal relief package.   Over the past several weeks, the bipartisan Gang of 8 came together  to provide a framework for an agreement on emergency COVID relief. That  framework has been the basis of discussions between the four  congressional leaders: Speaker Pelosi, Leader McCarthy, Leader  McConnell, and myself. Secretary Mnuchin has been in our talks as well,  representing the President.   Yesterday we had two very long and very productive meetings. Our  final discussion stretched late into the evening.   As we race the clock to reach a final accord before the end of the  year, we are close to an agreement. It is not a done deal yet, but we  are very close.   Now, for Democrats, this has always been about getting the American  people the relief they need in the time of an acute national crisis, of  an emergency to so many Americans. This has been about delivering a  lifeline to Americans who were laid off, through no fault of their own,  families struggling to pay the rent and put food on the table, small  businesses hanging on for dear life.   This has been about saving our schools, our healthcare system, and  delivering the resources to produce and distribute the vaccine that  should finally, finally help our country turn the corner and defeat  this evil disease.   We are on the precipice of achieving these goals. We Democrats would  have liked to go considerably further, but this won't be the last time  Congress speaks on COVID relief. Right now, we must address this  emergency over the short term. But make no mistake, we will work in the  future to provide additional relief as the country requires, but we  need to provide a platform to build on. We need to address this  emergency right now.   At the end of one of the most difficult years in recent American  history, a vaccine has given us all a reason for hope. Let's give the  country another reason. The finish line is in sight. Everyone wants to  get this done. Let's push through the few final meters and deliver the  outcome that the American people very much need.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   