 Madam Speaker, like many of my Republican colleagues, I  had what I believed to be an essential amendment ruled out of order.  Simply put, my amendment ensured that fossil fuel power generation  systems were not left behind as we try to navigate a clean energy  future.    From schools to hospitals, too much of our critical infrastructure is  currently dependent on the systems that we already have in place. No  matter which side of the aisle you are on, you cannot argue against the  fact that fossil fuels are the status quo right now and some of the  very cheapest.   But we don't get the chance. We will not have the chance to express  that support today. Instead, we will get this Democrat dream sheet  forcefully passed, only to then die with no Senate interest. We are  missing a golden opportunity for bipartisan solutions.   Rather than turn off the light switch and force our economy into a  blackout-ridden future of renewable sources, we need to utilize what is  still readily available to us. That is why I am supportive of carbon  capture, utilization, and storage.   I believe that, when developed, these technologies stand to only  improve our fossil fuel power generation and even hold the potential to  make it a clean energy source. But, as written, the legislation before  us lacks a focus on critical basic research that will advance these  technologies.   Areas like advanced computing, manufacturing, and materials research  will maximize our Nation's fossil fuel resources. Simply building more  demonstration projects similar to those already in existence, like  Petra Nova in Texas or the National Carbon Capture Center in Alabama,  will not develop next-generation membranes for direct air capture or  novel solvents for energy-efficient gas separation.   Additionally, this bill makes outrageous funding increases to the  Department of Energy's Office of Fossil Energy. Currently funded at  $750 million for fiscal year 2020, this bill increases the office's  budget to a whopping $3 billion in fiscal year 2025 and spends $15  billion over the next 5 years.   I am intrigued that some of my Democrat colleagues who have stated  their goal to completely phase out fossil fuels in the next 10 years  would support such a massive increase. At the same time, however, I am  encouraged to see more folks on the other side of the aisle acknowledge  the long-term necessity of fossil fuels in our clean energy future.   I am unquestionably a staunch supporter of fossil fuels and,  specifically, the DOE Office of Fossil Energy, but we must act in a  fiscally responsible manner. We cannot undertake this massive funding  increase of 300 percent while simultaneously increasing applied energy  programs like wind and solar. This is a disservice to the already  strapped American taxpayer, and I urge its rejection.   I want to thank Ranking Member Lucas, my friend from Oklahoma, for  his leadership on the Science Committee.   