 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Weber) for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, when we remember the Holocaust, we look backward and  forward. We look backward to remember those who perished, 6 million  Jewish men, women, and children, every one of whom has a story and  loved ones who may have survived the horrors of the Holocaust but were  left with the searing wounds of these losses. Many other people--Slavs,  LGBTQ people, political dissidents, disabled people, and others--would  lose their lives to Nazi terror before the war ended.   At the same time, we must look forward. We can't simply pledge  ``never again''; we must live ``never again'' day after day.   Why is this so important? Kurt Messerschmidt, a Holocaust survivor,  recalled encountering a crowd of people in the aftermath of what we now  call Kristallnacht, or the Night of Broken Glass, one of the most  horrific anti-Jewish attacks in history.   Over 2 days in November 1938, mobs across Germany and parts of  Austria and Czechoslovakia destroyed synagogues, Jewish-owned  businesses, homes, schools, and cemeteries. Under instructions from the  Gestapo, local authorities did nothing to stop the violence and  destruction.   The crowd Messerschmidt came across was watching an older man who had  been ordered by Nazi soldiers to clean up the broken glass outside his  own store. Messerschmidt, who helped the man, would later say: ``I am  sure that some of the people standing there disapproved of what the  Nazis did, but their disapproval was only silence, and silence is what  did the harm.''   Today, let us remember the danger of silence. We must loudly and  consistently call out anti-Semitism in all its forms, whether it comes  from our adversaries or our friends and whether it is promulgated  intentionally or unknowingly. We must strive to do so in a way that  truly fosters understanding.   Let us also recommit never again to allow people, any people, to be  obliterated by otherness. Let us fight the rising menace of  ethnonationalism across the globe, and let us do everything in our  power to protect all those who have been deemed ``other,'' from the  Rohingya people of Burma to the Iraqi nationals in my own district  facing deportation and grave danger.   Only when we have done this can we truly say that we lived up to our  promise of ``never again.''   