 Madam Speaker, 13 years ago, I partnered with  California State Senate Democrats in advocating for an open records act  for complaints against police officers. Five years ago, I cosponsored  Hank Johnson's Stop Militarizing the Police Act. This year, I  cosponsored Justin Amash's legislation to end qualified immunity for  public officials.   So if the majority was seeking bipartisan support for police reform,  they would have had it. If they had sought consultation, compromise,  and cooperation, if they had reached across the aisle, they would have  found many sincere allies among Republicans.   My views on law enforcement were shaped years ago when I had the  honor to work for the former Los Angeles police chief, Ed Davis. His  approach to law enforcement proved highly effective.   While crime increased dramatically across the rest of the country  during these years, in Los Angeles, under Chief Davis, it came down. He  believed in the policing principles of Sir Robert Peel, that the police  are simply an extension of the community. Chief Davis believed that,  and he practiced it.   He introduced neighborhood watch, enlisting citizens to work in  partnership with the police. He introduced the Basic Car Plan that  matched patrol officers with individual neighborhoods so that they  would become a familiar, recognized, and trusted presence in those  neighborhoods.   I believe the closer we adhere to these principles, the more  effective law enforcement will become and the fewer abuses we will see.   Major parts of this bill move us closer to these principles,  including the need to open police records of misconduct, the  restriction of no-knock warrants, the restriction of transfers of  military hardware to local police departments, and the encouragement of  police cameras.   If these provisions were presented as standalone bills, I think many  would pass with significant bipartisan support. But by rolling them  into a bill that imposes an ideological laundry list of operational  restrictions and procedures upon every police department in the  country, it makes this bill unwise, unworkable, and unsupportable.   Worse, it ignores the most serious problem we face: the protection of  bad cops by collective bargaining agreements that makes it all but  impossible to fire them.   Policing is a uniquely community-based function. New York, New York,  and Auburn, California, are very different places with very different  needs, challenges, and standards. Running and micromanaging every local  police department is far beyond our competence or authority.   So, even though there are provisions in the bill I strongly support,  I cannot support the attempt to federalize local police departments,  which moves us further down a slippery slope I fear we are already on.   Looking at the wreckage on our streets, I feel the ultimate target of  [[Page H2465]]  the left is not isolated abuses by law enforcement officers but,  rather, law enforcement itself.   As we can now plainly see, without law enforcement, there is no law.  And without law, there is no civilization.   Finally, I strongly condemn the sentiments expressed in so many  forums that America is systemically racist. There are racists of every  color in every society. It is the baser side of human nature.   But no nation has struggled harder to transcend that nature and  isolate and ostracize its racists than have Americans. The American  Founders placed principles in the Declaration of Independence that they  believed would someday produce a nation of free men and women of all  races and religions, together enjoying the blessings of liberty under  the equal protection of our laws. Lincoln denounced any other claim as  ``having an evil tendency, if not an evil design.''   An evil tendency and an evil design are exactly what the radical left  has introduced into our society, and it is tearing our country apart.   