 Mr. President, I am grateful. I thank the Senator  from Maine, but I am happy to have her go first.    Madam President, as other Senators have mentioned, we  see our fellow Americans uniting around the country to fight the  coronavirus and to help those in need. Most of all, we are grateful to  the men and women in healthcare, the healthcare workers on the  frontlines of this fight--the nurses, the doctors, all the other staff  in hospitals and community health centers and in clinics who are  putting themselves and their own health at risk to help their fellow  Americans.   We in the Senate, like our fellow Americans, must come together to do  the right thing for the country at this moment in time--to provide a  surge of help to those on the frontlines of the coronavirus fight and  to help those who are suffering from the economic fallout, workers and  small businesses and midsize businesses and others who are absolutely  getting clobbered as we all try to fight this virus together.   Congress must unite this evening, as we have on two prior occasions  during this emergency when we came together to pass phase 1 to provide  emergency, immediate healthcare support to public health entities and  to provide more funds to do research on a vaccine for the coronavirus  and more funds for research on antivirals to address the coronavirus.   Then we passed phase 2, the Families First Coronavirus Response Act,  where we made sure that testing was free because we don't want any  American to say: I am not going to get tested even though I feel like I  might have the symptoms. I am not going to get tested because I can't  afford it.   It is putting both themselves and others in the community at risk. So  we said we have to make sure these tests are free.   We also provided sick leave because we don't want anybody going to  work when they feel sick and they have the virus if going to work is  the only way they can put food on the table, by getting a paycheck. So  we said: Look, stay at home, and we will provide for paid leave.   There was a gap--a big gap--in that that still needs to be addressed.   We took some important measures in phase 1 and phase 2, and now here  we are this evening on phase 3, where we are not only providing  additional dollars to fight the coronavirus and the health emergency  but also dealing with the economic fallout, which is growing by the  day. I am not going to go through all the provisions that do that.   I will say that this bill is far from perfect. This is not a bill I  would have written. I dare say it is probably not the bill that any one  Senator would have written. But with all its flaws, it does some very  important things that are absolutely necessary during this national  emergency.   There has been a lot of talk tonight about the unemployment  compensation provision. Those are absolutely essential as a lifeline to  workers who each day are losing their jobs around the country in many  industries. It is absolutely essential that in that process, people who  are out of work through no fault of their own are still able to pay  their bills, their rent or their mortgage, keep the lights on, get  food, and that is why we are working to make sure they have real  replacement income during this 4-month emergency period.    The provisions regarding small businesses and middle-size businesses  are very important too. I am sure we are all hearing from folks who  already had to close their doors because when there are no customers  coming in the door, there are no sales, no income, and so if you are a  small business, you can't make your debt payments and you can't make  payroll. So this bill does have a lot of very important provisions in  it with respect to small businesses.   I am really glad that we moved, with respect to small businesses, to  loans only--to loans that would be forgiven so long as the small  businesses spent those monies to, one, maintain payroll or rehire  people if they have already had to let them go, and, two, to pay  essential bills. Just adding more loans and debt onto small businesses  would only be like an anchor around their necks at the end of a 4-month  or whatever period it may be. They wouldn't be able to dig themselves  out of that hole. It was very important to have loans that will be  forgiven so long as  [[Page S2058]]  the loans are used for the intended purposes.   We also made important provisions for nonprofits that hire millions  of Americans and as well for midsize businesses.   With respect to some of the largest industries in the country that  have been hard hit, it is appropriate to also give them help, but it is  also important that as we do that, we safeguard the American taxpayer  and the public interest.   When the proposal first arrived here in the Senate from the White  House, we were looking at about a $500 billion slush fund with no  strings attached, no real accountability, and no real transparency. So  we tried to tie that down so that we will have an inspector general  with subpoena power that will ensure that there will be no stock  buybacks with these emergency funds. Now, we are going to still look at  the fine print, but we have come a long way from the proposed blank  check to the Secretary of the Treasury, which was in the bill as it  arrived here as proposed by the administration.   There is another thing that is in the bill that is before us tonight  that was not in the bill proposed by the administration, and that is  badly needed help for States and cities and towns that are on the  frontlines of this battle across the country. We heard about 5, 6 days  ago from the majority leader: Oh, well, let's just wait. Maybe we can  do that sometime down the road.   Well, we heard from a bipartisan group of Governors through the  National Governors Association that they need that help now. I am sure  you have all been fielding calls from your elected officials, your  Governors and others, about how they desperately need additional help  to fight this virus. I am glad this bill contains $150 billion to help  those States.   I want to raise tonight something that I discovered about this bill  just a few hours ago that gives me real heartburn and actually, I  believe, reflects badly on this Senate.   Here is how we distributed the funds to the States. Each State,  regardless of population, gets $1.2 billion, and then the remainder of  the money--up to $150 billion--is distributed to States based on  population. You can question whether that is the best and most  effective way to essentially allocate resources when you are fighting a  coronavirus like this, which is more intense in some places than  others, but that is not my overall point right now.   Here is what we discovered: The people of the District of Columbia,  the people of the Nation's Capital, were left out of that formula. They  are fighting the coronavirus just like Americans in every other State  and city. They are part of other Federal formulas. For example, title I  for education, highway funds, and other Federal formula dollars go to  the people of the District of Columbia.   The District of Columbia has a population that is higher than 2 of  the 50 States. There are more residents in the District of Columbia,  the Nation's Capital, than the State of Wyoming and the State of  Vermont. They were left out of that category they are usually put in,  and instead they were put into a formula with Puerto Rico, the Virgin  Islands, American Samoa, and some of the territories.   The net effect of that--the net effect of putting the people in the  Nation's Capital in that formula versus the formula with the States-- will cost the District of Columbia about $700 million. That is because  that other formula is based entirely on population, and Puerto Rico has  about 3 million people in it. So when you put the District of Columbia  into that funding kettle, into that funding pot, they get shortchanged  $700 million.   That is the case even though the people of the District of Columbia  send the Federal Treasury more tax dollars than the people of 22 other  States. Let me say that again. The people of the District of Columbia  send the IRS more tax revenues than the people of 22 other States. Yet,  when it came time to write the formula for distributing emergency funds  under the coronavirus, they weren't part of the kind of funding  formulas they normally are.   I asked about this because I thought maybe this would be a simple  fix. I mean, surely in a bill of $2 trillion in emergency relief, we  can do right by the people of the District of Columbia and not  shortchange them $700 million. The answer I got back was no. No, no,  this was not a mistake. This was not an oversight. Republican  negotiators insisted on shortchanging the people of the District of  Columbia. If I am wrong about that, it would be a very easy fix in an  amendment that could be offered by the majority leader and, I am sure,  accepted unanimously--accepted unanimously--except for the fact that  this actually was a point that was negotiated.   I am not going to hold up a $2 trillion emergency rescue package that  is urgently needed by the country for this, but I think it is shameful.  I think it is shameful that, in a $2 trillion emergency rescue package,  we would shortchange the people right here in the Nation's Capital,  people whom we see coming into work every day, many of the Federal  employees who work day in and day out for the Federal Government.   Many of them live here. Many of them live in surrounding States. Many  of them live all over the country. But for the people who live here, to  shortchange them and to do it intentionally is really outrageous.   So here we are, coming together, and that is the right thing to do.  As I said, this bill has many, many flaws and many, many problems. I  certainly wouldn't have written it this way, and I would never have  done wrong by the people of the District of Columbia the way this was  intentionally done, apparently, in this bill.   But, overall, we need this bill for the country. We need it because  we have a national emergency, both on the healthcare front and the  economic front.   So I hope, going away from here, as we come together and I hope do  the right thing with a large vote, that there will be some Senators,  whoever were part of negotiating that deal and who said, no, we are  going to shortchange the people in our Nation's Capital, will feel a  little bit ashamed. And I think all those people who didn't want to  change this provision, which is easy to change just like that, should  feel ashamed.   This is our Nation's Capital. The people who live and work here  deserve to be treated with respect. There is no U.S. Senator who  represents the people of the District of Columbia. Some of us who live  in the surrounding areas work hard to do so. I just wish Senators from  the rest of the country, and especially, in this case, apparently, our  Republican colleagues, would show a little respect for the people who  live in the Capitol of this great country.   I yield the floor.   