 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for  yielding and for his leadership.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in opposition to this bill.   I grew up watching a show called ``Medical Center'' as a kid. It led  me to wanting to become a doctor because I wanted to help people.   After I graduated and completed my surgical residency, I owned a  small practice with two employees. Eventually, I merged with a larger  provider group, in part because the administrative burdens of complying  with new laws and regulations were just too costly for my solo  practice.   That wasn't the end, though. Costs continued to rise, and my  physician-owned surgery center was ultimately sold to a local hospital.  Medicare reimbursement rates nearly doubled overnight, including an  increase in patient co-pays.   When I got to Congress, I joined the GOP Doctors Caucus, and I am now  proud to serve as the vice chair. Most of us in the Doctors Caucus  agree that one of the reasons we came to Congress is because of the  mountains of red tape, red tape involved in practicing medicine that  has killed much of the joy of providing care to patients.    Now, the bill we are debating today is another perfect example of an  attempt to expand Big Government, making it harder on the medical  community. In this case, it is patients who rely on prescription drugs  who stand to lose the most.   In the midst of the COVID-19 outbreak and responses, we rush toward  finding treatments and a vaccine. My colleagues on the other side of  the aisle want to pass a bill that will result in fewer cures for  Americans in need.   That is right. The CBO analysis concluded that this bill would result  in fewer cures coming to market to help the American people. Drug  manufacturers that may feel government isn't willing to pay a  reasonable price for their product would have their revenue taxed at  astronomical rates, essentially coercing the drugmaker into submission  or cease to exist.   The reason America leads the world in producing new medicines is  because we allow competition, competition to drive innovation.   Right now, Congress needs to be fostering innovation through  competition, not imposing one-size-fits-all Washington mandates that  accomplish just the opposite.   We have already proven that we can do some work together. Last year,  the Ways and Means Committee marked up a bipartisan drug-pricing  legislation bill only to have it die because of partisan leadership. I  know the Energy and Commerce and Judiciary Committees have done the  same. Let's debate and find compromise on that legislation, which  actually stand a chance of becoming law.   I urge my friends on the other side of the aisle to work with us on  bipartisan legislation that would result in finding more cures for the  American people because cures save money and save lives. I oppose this  legislation.   