 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to recognize  the distinguished service of one of Medford, Oregon's own and to ask my  Senate colleagues to join me in support of the U.S. Marine Corps PFC  Delbert Littrell's honorary promotion to corporal.   It is an honorary promotion because it was 75 years ago, in World War  II, that Mr. Littrell served in the 14th Marine Regiment, 4th Marine  Division.   His service was marked by a combat history of notable intensity and  duration. He fought in five pivotal battles that together changed the  tide of the war in the Pacific Theater: the Gilbert and Marshall  Islands campaign, between November 1943 and February 1944; the Battle  of Saipan, between June 15, 1944, and July 9, 1944; the Battle of  Tinian, between July 24, 1944, and August 1, 1944; the Battle of Iwo  Jima, between February 19, 1945, and March 26, 1945; and, fifth, the  Battle of Okinawa, between April 1, 1945, and June 22, 1945. What an  outstanding contribution to make to the fight for freedom, and what a  remarkable bit of history to be part of.   As administrative officers noted while evaluating him, Private First  Class Littrell performed excellently time and again. He should have  received this promotion a long time ago.   The units he served in, however, were under constant enemy  bombardment, and the kinds of performance reports and administrative  submissions that would have given him that promotion were often  misplaced or incomplete in the midst of the rigorous amphibious  assaults pivotal to the Allied victory.   It wasn't until earlier this year, three-quarters of a century later,  that the Marine Corps Advisory Panel reviewed the comprehensive record  of Mr. Littrell's service to the Marine Corps and to the national  security of the United States of America, and after reviewing the  record, the Commandant of the Marine Corps recommended Delbert  Littrell's honorary promotion to the rank of corporal, which was  endorsed soon after by the Secretary of the Navy.   Both of these leaders recognized Mr. Littrell's unique contributions,  with the Secretary of the Navy noting the indelible mark that Mr.  Littrell has left on the proud history of the U.S. Marine Corps and the  U.S. Navy.   The State of Oregon and our entire Nation are proud of Delbert  Littrell's meritorious service throughout World War II. Mr. Littrell's  remarkable combat history and his actions in support of freedom mean  that this recognition is long overdue.   I am proud that this son of Oregon, who I hope is watching right now,  is finally receiving this special honor.   Colleagues, I know that you join me in honoring, respecting, and  appreciating Delbert Littrell and his commitment to the fight for  freedom and his legacy of service to our Nation with the distinction of  corporal in the U.S. Marine Corps.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   