 Mr. President, I rise today to address the topic that  has consumed this body for the past several weeks, which is, of course,  the impeachment trial of the President of the United States.   After the passage of two Impeachment Articles in the House, Speaker  Pelosi waited nearly a month to transmit the articles to the Senate.  Once she finally did, the trial took precedence, and the wheels were  set in motion to conduct the proceedings and render a verdict.   Since it became clear that the House would vote to impeach the  President, I have taken my constitutional duty to serve as a juror in  the impeachment trial with the seriousness and attention that it  demands.   In light of the extensive coverage the situation received, it was  impossible not to take notice of the process that unfolded in the House  over the course of its investigation. Its inquiry was hasty, flawed,  and clearly undertaken under partisan pretenses.   Having rushed to impeach the President ahead of an arbitrary  deadline, as well as failing to provide adequate opportunities for the  President to defend himself, the impeachment investigation in this case  specifically was contrived, at least partially, and was a vehicle to  fulfill the fierce desire among many of the President's detractors that  has existed since before he was even sworn in to remove him from  office.   Be that as it may, the Constitution makes clear that the Senate has a  duty to try all the impeachments. As such, the chief concern I had, as  I know many of my colleagues also shared, was for the process in this  body to be fair. It was clear to me that what transpired in the House  was incredibly partisan and unfair.   I believed the Senate must and would rise to the occasion to conduct  a trial that was fair, respectful, and faithful to the design and  intent of our Founders. I believed that the organizing resolution that  we passed was sufficient in establishing a framework for the trial and  also would address the outstanding issues at the appropriate times.   Throughout the course of the trial, I stayed attentive and engaged,  taking in the arguments and the evidence presented to the Senate, which  included the testimony of over a dozen witnesses and thousands of  documents as part of the House investigation.   The House impeachment managers were emphatic that their case against  the President was overwhelming, uncontested, convincing, and proven.  The President's counsel made an equally forceful case in his defense,  countering the claims made by the House and underscoring the grounds on  which the Senate should reject the articles and, by necessity, the  attempt to expel him from office and a future ballot.   Based on the work done by the House--or maybe, more accurately, the  work not done and the inherently flawed and partisan nature of the  product it presented to the Senate--I was skeptical that it could prove  its case and convince anybody, apart from the President's longtime,  most severe critics, that his behavior merited removal from office.  After 2 weeks of proceedings in the Senate, my assessment of the  situation has not been swayed, nor has it changed. That is why I will  vote to acquit the President and reject the weaponization of Congress's  authority to impeach the duly elected President of the United States.    To be clear, the partisan nature of this impeachment process  potentially sets the stage for more impeachments along strictly  partisan lines--a development that would be terrible for our country.  The Constitution lays out justifications for impeachment, which include  ``Treason, Bribery, or other high Crimes and Misdemeanors.''   As a U.S. Senator, there is perhaps no more important decision that I  am asked to make aside from voting to send Americans to war. That is  exactly why I treated this impeachment trial with the gravity and the  thoughtfulness I believe that it deserved.   The accusations explicitly made by the House impeachment managers and  echoed by some on the other side that the Senate is engaging in a  coverup are wrong on the merits and further drag this process down into  the rhetoric of  [[Page S847]]  partisan political warfare. I regret that it has descended to such a  place. Fulfilling my constitutional obligation after drawing my own  conclusions is far from a coverup.   The attempt to turn the impeachment power into a weapon of political  convenience will be far more damaging than any other aspect of this  chapter in our Nation's history.   At the end of the day, this partisan, deficient process yielded a  product built on inadequate foundation, in addition to being clearly  motivated by the desire to remove the President, who some vocal  activists have viewed as illegitimate since Election Day 2016.   Not even a year ago, Speaker Pelosi was still attempting to stem the  push for impeachment within her own party, arguing that ``impeachment  is so divisive to the country that unless there's something so  compelling and overwhelming and bipartisan, I don't think we should go  down that path.'' She was right, and this impeachment process has  failed by each of these metrics. It has further divided the country.   The case is certainly not overwhelming, and it has been anything but  bipartisan. In fact, the vote against impeaching the President in the  House was bipartisan. As a result of Senate rules and precedents, it  has also brought the legislative process nearly to a grinding halt.   But as the trial reaches its conclusion, I believe we must move on  and return to doing the work of trying to get things done for the  American people. The average Arkansan, like many other Americans, is  looking for results and asking how the elected leaders they have chosen  are trying to help make their lives better and move our country  forward. They are not interested in the political games and theater  that have consumed much of Washington since September. It is my hope  that we return to that real, pressing work in short order.   In just a few months, the voters of this country will get to decide  who they prefer to lead our country. I trust them to make that  decision, and I trust that the process by which we choose our President  and other leaders will remain free and fair and that the outcome will  represent the will of the people. The hard-working men and women of our  intelligence, law enforcement, and national security communities will  continue to work tirelessly to ensure that this is the case, and I have  every confidence they will succeed in that endeavor.   It is time to get back to the important work before us and to  remember that those we represent are capable of judging for themselves  how this impeachment was conducted and, maybe just as importantly, how  we conducted ourselves as it unfolded.   We have a responsibility to lead by example. I implore my colleagues  to join me in committing to getting back to doing the hard and  necessary work before us when this impeachment trial reaches its  conclusion.   I yield the floor.   