 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of S. 2746, the Law Enforcement  Suicide Data Collection Act.   Last year, Congress passed and the President signed into law the  STOIC Act, a bill that I introduced with my good friend, Congresswoman  Madeleine Dean. That bill improves mental health treatment for our  Nation's law enforcement officers.  [[Page H2315]]    Today, we are once again taking action to address the disturbingly  high suicide rate among our police officers. The Law Enforcement  Suicide Data Collection Act, which I am a very proud cosponsor of,  would require the Federal Government to track suicides within the law  enforcement community.   According to Blue HELP, which is a nonprofit working to reduce  stigmas attached to mental health for those in the law enforcement  community, a record number of current or former police officers died by  suicide last year; 228 current or former officers died by suicide in  2019, compared with 172 in 2018.   Since Blue HELP began collecting data over 4 years ago, more law  enforcement officers have died by suicide than all other line-of-duty  deaths combined. Organizations like Blue HELP do the best they can to  track these tragic instances of law enforcement suicide. However, there  is no comprehensive government effort to track attempted suicides and  suicides in the law enforcement community.   Line-of-duty deaths are tracked through the FBI's Law Enforcement  Officers Killed and Assaulted Program. This program aims to provide  potentially lifesaving information to law enforcement agencies with a  focus on preventing future incidents. Suicide should similarly be  tracked so we can implement more effective suicide prevention programs,  in turn saving more lives.   S. 2746 requires the FBI Director to establish the Law Enforcement  Officers Suicide Data Collection Program to collect data on law  enforcement and former law enforcement suicides at the local, State,  and Federal levels. Participating law enforcement agencies will report  suicide information to the FBI Director. The FBI Director will then  submit a report to Congress and publish the report online to share this  vital information on suicides and attempted suicides in law  enforcement.   Madam Speaker, 2 weeks ago, we recognized National Law Enforcement  Week. While we may be too late in taking up this legislation for Police  Week, it is never too late to help the brave men and women who protect  our communities. I thank Representatives Steube, Quigley, and Dean, as  well as Senators Blunt, Hawley, Cortez Masto, and Coons, for  introducing this legislation.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting S. 2746,  the Law Enforcement Suicide Data Collection Act, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I have no speakers at this time,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I yield  myself the balance of my time.   Madam Speaker, I again urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on S. 2746,  the Law Enforcement Suicide Data Collection Act, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, America's law enforcement officers, firefighters, and  other first responders are on the front lines of the fight against the  coronavirus. Over 100 public safety officers tragically lost their  lives due to COVID-19, and that number will inevitably continue to  rise.   During this challenging time, it is critical that we ensure our  officers and their loved ones can utilize the Department of Justice's  Public Safety Officers' Benefits program.   The PSOB program was created to aid officers killed or totally  disabled on the job. The program reviews over 1,000 claims submitted  every year and provides one-time payments of roughly $365,000 for  officers who lost their lives or who were totally disabled in the line  of duty. The program also provides monthly education benefits to the  children of these officers.   While nothing can ever replace a loved one, this program gives our  first responders peace of mind, knowing that their families will be  taken care of should the worst happen.   However, to receive benefits under current law, first responders must  prove they contracted COVID-19 while on duty. Both Republicans and  Democrats agree: Congress must amend the PSOB program to create a  presumption allowing officers and their families to receive assistance  without facing this burdensome requirement.   Unfortunately, the majority in the House is delaying these important  benefits. The Senate passed S. 3607, the bipartisan Safeguarding  America's First Responders Act of 2020, and they did this about 2 weeks  ago.   If House Democrats were actually serious about getting these benefits  to public safety officers, we would pass the Senate bill today and send  it to the President to sign into law. Instead, House Democrats are  again engaging in political games, rejecting the Senate's bill and  taking up the House's bill, which includes several problematic  provisions that the Senate will simply not agree to.   I am very disappointed that the Democrat majority would rather play  partisan politics than provide immediate assistance to brave, selfless  men and women who are protecting our communities. However, I agree with  the primary intent of this legislation, and I strongly support our  Nation's dedication to public safety officers.   A few days ago, we honored those who made the ultimate sacrifice  while serving our country in the armed services. It is only right that  we take care of first responders, who are also making sacrifices every  day for this great country.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, we have no further speakers at this  time, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my  time.   Madam Speaker, I am disappointed that we are not taking up the  bipartisan Senate-passed POS bill that had a clean fix to this issue.  So I do want to say, I am disappointed that we are not running the  Senate bill, which again, was bipartisan.   But I do want to say, I support our Nation's first responders, and I  truly believe it is vital that they receive the benefits they have  earned. So I urge my colleagues to support our Nation's public service  officers.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   