 Madam Speaker, the gentleman from New York suggested that  we, on this side of the aisle, should talk to the President of the  United States about what he has or hasn't done.   Well, he is all the way down on Pennsylvania Avenue. I would suggest  the gentleman from New York might want to talk to a lady, probably in  this very building right now, and that is the Speaker, who can bring up  a second round of PPP loans. We have got the votes.   Republicans and Democrats both agree we ought to do this, but she  wouldn't bring it up for a vote. So we tried to go through the  discharge petition process. And no Democrat in this House would sign it  and let us have a vote. So we are trying again, because a lot of small  businesses really need this.   Madam Speaker, an important holiday is coming up. Next Saturday is  Small Business Saturday. It is the day when we take time to support the  restaurants and shops and other small businesses that create two out of  every three new jobs in America. Normally, this is an occasion to eat a  delicious meal, get a head start on Christmas shopping, and say hello  to friends and neighbors. Unfortunately, this year, an awful lot of  those small businesses are struggling due to COVID-19.   A recent NFIB survey indicated that over half of small businessowners  expect to seek additional financial assistance over the next year. If  they can't access that help, they may be forced to lay off employees  again or cease operations. That is just unacceptable, because we can  help them.   We have a program that has already supported over 50 million jobs all  across this country. It even has over $130 billion ready to go. We  already have the money. We don't have to appropriate additional dollars  at all. The money is there. That program, the PPP, or Paycheck  Protection Program, stopped accepting applications back in August.   Instead of quickly passing a bill to reopen the program, the  Democratic leadership in this House used it as a political football for  over 3 months while small businessowners had to drain the last of their  funds to stay in existence and to continue to pay their employees, and  they nervously continued to worry about how they are going to make  payroll.   Madam Speaker, today, we have a chance to do the right thing and do  right by these small businesses. They are, after all, the heartbeat of  each and every one of our communities.   Madam Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, which is before us  now, we can move directly to the legislative package that includes the  bill that I just mentioned, my bill, the PPP, again, to reopen and  improve the Paycheck Protection Program.    Madam Speaker, let's defeat this previous question and send aid to  those small businesses all across the country who desperately need it.  I can think of no better way to celebrate Small Business Saturday.   