 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  thank him for his work and leadership on this task force. It has been a  worthwhile project, to say the least.   Madam Speaker, with over $23 trillion in national debt and annual  deficits at $1 trillion, it is obvious that Washington has a spending  problem. We must do something to rein in this problem that we are  leaving for our children, and we must do it soon.   Every day, taxpayer dollars are wasted on unnecessary expenses. For  example, as part of the ``use it or lose it'' last-minute spending  sprees of 2018, Federal agencies spent over $4 million on lobster tails  and crabs, $673,000 on golf carts, $308,000 on alcohol, and $53,000 on  china tableware.   Another example is that, despite the efforts to address the issue,  the Federal Government makes over $800 million in payments to people  who are no longer on this Earth.   And, finally, right now, there are duplicative programs, including 91  Federal programs that train healthcare workers and more than 40  workforce development programs. Some of these may be good, but  consolidating them might be a great idea.   We owe it to the American people to do better with their hard-earned  tax dollars, and we owe it to future generations not to borrow against  their future.   On the Government Efficiency, Accountability, and Reform Task Force,  our aim is to make Washington take real steps toward returning the  government to its proper constitutional boundaries.   The recommendations compiled today are not flashy. They won't lead in  the nightly news; they won't dominate your social media feeds; but they  are important, and it is incumbent upon us to look past the 15-second  sound bites and get serious about the business of governing.   Here are just a handful of solutions:   We could sell unused Federal office space;   We can consolidate duplicative programs and agencies;   We can identify programs that are not working and eliminate them.   The President's budget has an entire chapter on highlighting our  government's wasteful spending and some of the efforts his  administration is making to eliminate it.   All of America understands that we need to balance our budget, but no  administration, Republican or Democrat, can do it without that  commitment from Congress.   We are elected and given very specific authority under the  Constitution to control how taxpayer dollars are spent. We must roll up  our sleeves and do everything we can to rein in this Washington  spending machine.   