 Mr. Chairman, I thank my good friend and colleague for  yielding.   Mr. Chairman, as someone who was born and raised on the Olympic  Peninsula, I know firsthand how special our region is and how our  public lands contribute to the fabric of who we are.   In our region we understand that protecting public lands isn't just  about saving these unforgettable places for future generations. It also  means protecting high quality jobs for the next generation as well.   As someone who worked in economic development professionally for over  a decade, I have seen how our natural resources contribute to our  economic vitality. Each year millions of people and families travel to  my State and contribute roughly $22 billion in economic impact and  support 200,000 jobs in Washington's outdoor economy. Our national  treasures have created opportunities for local entrepreneurs who have  started restaurants, guided tour companies, hotels, and other small  businesses.   That is why it makes sense to protect these special places, and it is  why I am proud the House is considering this comprehensive package  which includes my legislation, the Wild Olympics Wilderness and Wild  and Scenic Rivers Act. This bill protects some of our environmentally  sensitive areas by establishing a new wilderness area to protect the  last remaining old-growth stands on the peninsula and designating 19  rivers and tributaries as wild and scenic rivers to protect critical  salmon spawning habitat.   This proposal has evolved through extensive public engagement with  Tribes, conservation groups, timber communities, business leaders,  shellfish growers, and everyone in between to create a bill that works  for our local communities.   It is because of that extensive public outreach that this bill is  formally now supported by more than 800 community leaders--Republicans,  Democrats, business owners, sportsmen, mayors, county commissioners,  and Tribal leaders--all of whom agree that this proposal moves our  region in the right direction.   In addition to protecting recreational access and supporting our  outdoor economy, this bill will also bolster our region's efforts to  protect sources of clean drinking water, support critical salmon and  steelhead habitat, and protect key waterways that are vital to our  shellfish industry.   But just as important as these things are the things this bill will  not do.   This proposal will not close, decommission, or otherwise restrict  access to any existing Forest Service roads or trailheads.   It will not impact any harvestable timber base in the Olympic  National Forest, and I am doing a whole bunch of work to actually  increase harvest through other avenues.   This bill will not affect any private property rights, and it will  not impact how the Washington Department of Natural Resources manages  State-owned land, which is why it has gained the endorsement of the  Washington Commissioner of Public Lands.   We know that our region's future depends on building a strong and  diversified economy. And after years of collaboration, I think this  bill we are considering today represents a clear win-win for the  communities I represent.   Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the senior Senator from Washington,  Senator Murray, for her partnership on this effort, and I encourage my  colleagues to vote in favor of this important legislation.    Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk made in order  by the rule.    Mr. Chair, I am proud to offer this amendment to make two  key improvements to title VI of this bill, which designates 19 Wild and  Scenic Rivers on the Olympic Peninsula of Washington State.   First, this amendment will further protect the interests of  Washington State's Department of Natural Resources to manage State- owned lands adjacent to new Wild and Scenic River designations.   Building on the savings clause already included in the base text,  which explicitly protects DNR's management authority, this amendment  would further require the Secretary of Agriculture to enter into  cooperative agreements with DNR to manage the four new Wild and Scenic  Rivers that abut DNR lands.   This important change will ensure that DNR not only retains the  authority to manage State-owned lands, but also has a clear voice in  how the Forest Service manages their surrounding Federal lands that  fall within the adjacent Wild and Scenic River corridor.   This small but important change has led our State Commissioner of  Public Lands, Hilary Franz, to give her strong support to this bill.   Second, this amendment directs the Secretary of Agriculture to  complete the 19 comprehensive river management plans through the long- overdue process of updating the forest management plan for the Olympic  National Forest, sets a maximum 5-year timeline for updating the forest  plan, and allows the Secretary to request additional funds to complete  the forest plan update if needed.   This provision will ensure that this critical forest plan update,  which was last revised nearly three decades ago, does not take a  backseat to the development of these comprehensive river management  plans. It also ensures that the Secretary will have sufficient  resources to complete the update in a timely manner.   This amendment was developed through direct consultation with local  stakeholders and will ultimately strengthen title VI of this bill.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, first of all, I thank the gentleman for his  support for this amendment.   Again, it makes two changes that I think strengthen the legislation:  to ensure that there is not an impact on State DNR harvest; and,  hopefully, to see the Forest Service move forward with an update to the  forest management plan, which is a long time coming, a long-overdue  process to move forward. That is why we are putting forward this  amendment; it is why it strengthens the legislation.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of adopting my  amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.   