 Madam President, student debt and student loans are a  frequent topic of conversation, and, of course, that is what we are  discussing here today. As someone who took about 20 years to pay off my  law school loans, this is personal. Fortunately, I was able to do so  due to generous interest rates and lending that helped facilitate  people pursuing higher education and beyond.   Across the United States, student loan debt totals nearly $1.6  trillion and is made up of some 45 million borrowers. As more and more  Americans are going to college and beyond, which is a good thing, this  widespread problem isn't going to go away any time soon.   I agree that we need to take some action here in Washington to  address the financial burden for those with existing debt and to help  give prospective students a better understanding of what the debt that  they will assume will mean to them in their future life, before it is  too late.   One of the leading candidates for President on the other side of the  aisle, Mr. Sanders, has suggested that we just make education free and  that we eliminate all debt. Well, that is a fantasy. There is no such  thing as free. I am tempted to quote Milton Friedman, who said: There  is no such thing as a free lunch. Of course, what he meant by that is  that somebody, eventually, will pay. It may not be the immediate person  who is the object of your bounty, but somebody will pay.   It is not financially responsible to just suggest that you are going  to wipe away all debt, and it is certainly not fair to those who worked  hard to earn the money to pay for their school only to find that those  who did not find themselves with no debt. We have to come up with some  commonsense answers, not just live in a fantasy land. Of course, to say  that we are going to wipe away the debt is not fair to the parents who  started saving for their kids' college even before they started walking  or to the college student who worked multiple jobs to graduate with  little or no debt at all or decided to go to community college at a  lower cost before they then transferred to a 4-year institution and  found a way to mitigate or keep their debt manageable. This idea of  wiping away debt or making everything free is unfair to the person who  chose not to go to college, only then to be saddled with someone else's  debt. That is not fair.   So the problem with wiping away debt is that it is never really gone.  You just pass the responsibility on to someone else, and we see that  concept--that mentality--at play here today, when it comes to this rule  promulgated by the Trump administration that our friends across the  aisle seek to reverse.   Last fall, the Department of Education took a big step to forgive  loans for students who have been defrauded by an institution of higher  education without placing a serious burden on taxpayers. I think that  is a good thing. People who commit fraud ought to be  [[Page S1648]]  held to account and those loans should be forgiven, but the burden  should not be placed on taxpayers.   There have been similar regulations around for decades, and, in 2016,  the Obama administration made some serious changes that actually  broadened the types of claims a student can make. They issued a rule  that said a school's substantial misrepresentation could result in a  student's loans being forgiven.   But if my time in a courtroom taught me anything, it is that a good  lawyer could portray even a factually accurate advertisement as somehow  a misrepresentation, and there is no requirement that it be material  but just that there be some abstract misrepresentation.   I don't have any doubt about the intent of the law and that the  intention is good, but the concept is far too broad and the sad truth  is, being so broad, it is ripe for abuse, and that is exactly what the  current rule in place sought to change--to maintain the ability to  relieve debt as a result of fraud, but not make it so broad that it was  subject to further abuse.   The new rule establishes a clear standard for students to get  individual debt relief and helps those impacted by school closures to  find a way to finish their degree. It also takes big steps to hold  schools accountable, which I believe is absolutely critical. We have  this strange system where the school itself receives the tuition but  has no accountability if the student is unable to complete their course  of study or ends up getting a degree or a certificate in something that  does not generate the income they need in order to pay that debt back.  So we need to find ways to hold schools responsible, as well--as well  as prevent predatory behavior from impacting more students, for  example, targeting of veterans and then draining their GI bill benefits  and leaving them with basically nothing to show for it. Those are the  types of things we ought to be focusing on.   Overall, this rule--the underlying rule that our Democratic  colleagues seek to reverse--includes commonsense reforms to ensure it  achieves the goal of helping students who are defrauded, while  preventing taxpayers from footing the bill for a far-too-broad  definition of what constitutes a misrepresentation.   It is disappointing to see that they are trying to take us back to  the previous rule, which was so ripe for abuse. In doing so, it would  cause serious harm to students and schools and to the American  taxpayer. They will end up left holding the bag.   Rather than zeroing out the loan balance for tens of millions of  borrowers or allowing broad and vague allegations of fraud, we need to  look at targeted changes that can make a huge difference. One place  that I mentioned a moment ago where we need to focus is our veterans. I  have heard from a number of my constituents who are straddled with  student debt--many before the time they actually served in the  military.   If someone goes to college after leaving the military, the GI bill of  rights will cover a substantial part of their education. But what about  those who went to college or graduate school before they went into the  military, those who took out loans prior to their service?   Well, in most cases, the GI bill cannot be applied retroactively, and  servicemembers are left footing the bill for an education that  otherwise would have been covered if they had gone to school after  their military service.   Well, I don't think we should categorically exempt student debt and  tuition incurred before military service and thus make the GI bill of  rights, if you go into the military after that, worth basically  nothing. These men and women should have the choice and the flexibility  to use the benefits they have earned to pay off their student loans--in  other words, use their GI bill of right retroactively, just as they  would be able to use them pursuing a new degree.   I will be introducing legislation soon to make that change and to  help our servicemembers address loan debt using the benefits that they  have already earned.   We can't just look at preexisting debt, though. We need to ensure  that prospective students are making wise financial decisions on the  front end. Unfortunately, that is easier said than done. There is no  clear system that makes it easy for students to compare financial aid  packages from one school to another and to decide what the true cost of  each will be. Many times, it is like comparing apples and oranges, and  sometimes it can be downright misleading.   Depending on how a school displays information about scholarships or  other financial information, the difference in the pricetag can be  pretty stark. It doesn't matter whether you are a 17-year-old heading  straight to college from high school or somebody who has been in the  workforce for years and is now heading back to school. The process is  far too confusing, and it does not need to be.   There are a lot of resources to help students get a clearer picture  about their loan obligations and their expected salary after graduation  and how that will impact their loan payments. Every student who incurs  a penny of debt ought to have the information they need to be able to  determine what amount of debt is acceptable in light of their future  earning capacity and whether they will actually be able to get a degree  that will allow them to pay back the money they borrowed for their  school.   I believe that is a shared responsibility. Not only is that something  that the student bears responsibility for, but I think the school they  attend bears responsibility as well.   At the very least, we ought to provide accurate information. For  example, the Department of Education has a calculator on their website  that lets students calculate the net price of a degree before ever  deciding which school to go to or what kind of loan to take out.   The issue, though, is that this information isn't always easy to find  and colleges and universities are not doing a great job at promoting  it. That needs to change.   I am a proud cosponsor of several pieces of legislation that would  help prospective students better understand the cost of their higher  education on the front end.   Three of these bills have been introduced by our friend from Iowa,  Senator Grassley, and would simplify the process for prospective  students. One of these bills would standardize the format in terms of  financial aid so that students aren't comparing apples to oranges; they  are actually comparing apples to apples. Another would improve both the  effectiveness and access to net-price calculators to help students make  informed decisions before even deciding where to apply. The third would  strengthen student loan counseling requirements to schools, so students  are made aware of every option available, making it less likely that  they will borrow more than they are likely to be able to repay.   So despite what our colleagues across the aisle are saying, outright  loan forgiveness across the board isn't the only path here. There are  other options which I intend to pursue to make incremental changes that  will have a huge impact on people working to repay their student debt  without spreading that burden to each and every single American  taxpayer. While these ideas may not fit on a bumper sticker, that does  not mean they are not worth pursuing.   I look forward to working with our colleagues to try to address this  problem of mounting student debt and the difficulty many students have  of paying that debt back because of misinformation or bad decisions  they made, unaided by the schools they attend, to determine whether the  degree they are pursuing and the debt they are incurring is actually  realistic in light of their future income-earning capacity. We can  address this sensibly and responsibly and in a way that does not affect  each and every American taxpayer.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   