 Mr. Speaker, while I know the comments of the majority's  [[Page H5034]]  time manager were directed to my colleague from Florida, it will likely  not surprise him that I will regularly vote against things that pass  unanimously in the United States Senate. I don't hold that as a  standard.   We are here on a resolution regarding the peaceful transition of  power. We barely had a peaceful transition of power in 2016. My  colleague, the gentleman from California, was on television almost  every night telling the American people that President Trump was an  agent of the Russian Government. How fake it all turned out to be.   I rise in opposition to this resolution even though I completely  support the peaceful transfer of power. This resolution is a way for  Democrats to attack the President and disguise the fact that they will  refuse to accept the election results unless they win.   Professional loser Hillary Clinton has told Joe Biden that he should  not concede ``under any circumstances.''   The Transition Integrity Project has said that the aftermath of the  November election will be a ``street fight, not a legal battle.'' The  same report suggests that Biden could even try to convince States to  secede from the Union before accepting a Trump victory.   Are these the actions of a party willing to accept defeat? They  weren't willing to accept defeat in the 2016 election. They had to go  blame the Russians. I guess I am still waiting for the 13 Russians who  were indicted to show up.   No, this resolution is projecting and gaslighting.   The media has begun gaslighting the public, too, saying that it may  look like Trump won on election night, but that as ballots are counted,  States will flip. How will this great switch be accomplished? Through  the Democrats' usual methods: lawfare, fraud, and violence.   Look at what we have already seen: Mike Bloomberg is trying to quite  literally buy votes from felons in Florida; in Pennsylvania, absentee  ballots for President Trump were found in a dumpster; and in Minnesota,  Democrat operatives were caught on camera discussing forcible illegal  ballot harvesting.   Democrats ignore all this. They are not on the floor to condemn any  of it. As a matter of fact, they have ignored it the same way they  ignored the riots and arson and violence in America's cities, the same  way they ignore the antifa goon squads and the gangs of fascists in  brown shirts who threaten to harm anyone who does not want America to  become their communist woketopia.   Democrats ignore criminality when it helps them and because they not- so-secretly believe that anyone who is punched or maimed or assaulted  by antifa might deserve it, especially if they are a member of our  brave law enforcement.   Democrats ignore these heinous acts of violence when the victims are  Republican or when they are pro-life or when they are Trump supporters.  Those lives don't matter to Democrats. But they are more than happy to  burn America to the ground when they think it will help them.   This resolution is part of the Democrats' plan to lay the groundwork  for a color revolution, the ousting of an elected leader and calling it  democracy. But that is not democracy. It is nothing less than the  destruction of our cherished Nation.   I unequivocally support the peaceful transfer of power but will vote  ``no'' on this resolution, and I encourage my colleagues to do the  same. I will pray that America survives the Democrats' mad and  destructive lust for power.   