 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I hope today's events in the Senate will  not soon be forgotten by the American people. Over the last few months,  it is an understatement to say that our country has experienced  unprecedented physical, financial, and social turbulence. From the  pandemic, to the economic challenges that came on its heels, to the  widespread protests against racial injustice--the needs of our country  should have transcended politics. Unfortunately, that does not seem to  be the case today.   We had been on a pretty good run, Republicans and Democrats, and put  aside our differences to pass bold and transformative legislation to  support our Nation's fight against COVID-19, as well as ease the  ensuing financial fallout. I had hoped that trend would continue as we  work together to address the injustices that still persist in our  society, beginning with police reforms.   As we all know by now, thanks to our friend Senator Tim Scott and  others who worked with him, we introduced the JUSTICE Act to enact real  and lasting reform so we can begin to restore the broken trust between  minority communities and our law enforcement agencies. This package of  bills addresses some of the most pressing changes that Americans have  been calling for--ending choke holds, better training for our police  officers, accountability for body cameras, more diverse police forces,  and the list goes on and on.   We know it wasn't the only bill that has been introduced in this  Senate. Our Democratic colleagues introduced a bill of their own, which  would address many of the same issues. While there are some important  differences between the two, what to me is more important is that there  was a lot in common, a lot of overlap between those two bills. That  should have, in a normal time, when people were logical and reasonable,  put us on a strong footing to begin debating the ultimate product,  which is what our Democratic colleagues actually asked us to do.   A couple of weeks ago, the Democratic leader came to the floor and  urged the majority leader to bring a police reform bill to the floor to  be debated and voted on before July Fourth. When Senator McConnell did  exactly that, what did they do? As soon as they were told they would  actually have a chance to vote on a police reform bill, they changed  their tune--a 180-degree change.   It kind of reminds me a little bit of last year's debacle over the  Green New Deal. After this resolution was introduced, a number of  Senate Democrats rushed to endorse it, but when given the opportunity  to vote on the resolution they were praising, what happened? Not a  single one of those individuals on the other side of the aisle voted  for it--not one. What kind of games are they playing here? Senator  Markey, who introduced that resolution in the Senate, even accused the  majority leader, who scheduled a vote on a bill he was the lead sponsor  for--he called it sabotage   History seems to be repeating itself and not--not--in a good way. Our  friends across the aisle, who have been asking to debate and vote on a  police reform bill, this morning had that opportunity, but once again,  they pulled a 180.   Let me be clear on what we were voting on this morning. This was not  a vote to finally pass the JUSTICE Act as is, without any changes or  amendments; this was simply a vote to begin debating the bill. You  can't finish a bill, you can't actually vote on legislation if you are  unwilling to start. And that is exactly what happened this morning.   Knowing that Republicans and Democrats did have some differences,  even though there is a lot in common, Leader McConnell provided for the  opportunity to have that debate right here on the Senate floor. We  could have had that debate in front of the American people. I think it  might have helped, No. 1, as Senator Scott likes to say, send a signal  that we actually are listening, we hear you, we see you, and we are  responding to you--no backroom negotiations like apparently what our  Democratic colleagues want; rather, an open and honest debate right  here in full view of the American people.   Our Democratic colleagues refused to participate in the process and  have blocked us from even considering police reform legislation. This  ``my way or the highway'' legislative strategy we have come to expect  from our colleagues is absolutely shameful, and it is  counterproductive.   I remember talking to Rodney Floyd--George Floyd's brother--shortly  before his funeral, and he said: Senator, we are from Texas. What we  want for George is Texas-sized justice.   I said: Rodney, I am going to do my very best to deliver.   Unfortunately, even though there were many of our Democratic  colleagues who decried the cruel and tragic death of George Floyd, when  it came time to step up and actually do something about it, they  absolutely refused.   Let me just go over quickly what the bill would have done as  proposed. Subject to amendments and votes, there would have been  multiple opportunities to stop the bill if it wasn't heading in the  direction they liked.   First of all, this would have made lynching a Federal crime. That  provision in the bill was actually authored by Senators Harris and  Booker, but believe it or not, they filibustered and blocked their own  bill.   The JUSTICE Act would have ended the choke holds and prevented this  dangerous and outdated tactic from being used in police departments  across the country, but what did our Democratic colleagues do? They  blocked it.   This legislation would have helped local police departments improve  minority hiring so that the departments would look more like the  communities they served. Our Democratic colleagues blocked that too.   This bill would have strengthened the use and accountability for body  cameras, improved access to deescalation and duty to intervene  training, and established two commissions to give us a better  understanding of the challenges that need to be addressed in the long  run. What did our Democratic colleagues do? They blocked each and every  one of these things without even taking the time to debate.   Frankly, it is insulting to the memory of people like Mr. Floyd and  others for whom so much empathy and sympathy and concern was expressed  that when the time comes to actually do something, they come to this  empty-handed.   For weeks, we have watched people of all races and cultures and  backgrounds  [[Page S3192]]  marching and demanding action. They want to see greater transparency  and accountability. They want better training and education for our  police officers. They want to know that at the end of the day, the  color of your skin will not determine the nature and outcome of an  interaction with a police officer. I agree with each of those points,  and until this morning, I believed every Member of the Senate did as  well. But the actions we have seen this morning blocking this  legislation, stopping us from even debating the bill, offering  amendments, trying to make it better--I guess I was giving our  colleagues credit, which they clearly do not deserve.   The problems that led to the death of George Floyd, Breonna Taylor,  and other Black Americans have not gone away, but our Democratic  colleagues have proven they are more interested in politics than  solutions.   Let the record reflect that this morning, the Senate had the  opportunity to take the first step toward passing reforms that would  begin to heal the divisions and distrust between law enforcement and  the communities they served, and our Democratic colleagues  unequivocally and shamelessly stood in the way.   I yield the floor.   