 Mr. President, I want to commend Senator Toomey and thank  him for his expertise, for his foresight, and for his courage on the  issue of ending these CARES Act-funded Federal Reserve programs.   You have probably seen that over the last few days, he has been  subjected to an onslaught of vicious, dishonest attacks by Democrats  and their stenographers in the Press Gallery, saying that he was  somehow gumming up the works, that we were not going to pass this bill  because the Toomey language was stopping it. Nothing could be further  from the truth.   First off, while Senator Toomey may be our thought leader on this  issue, this was the Senate Republican conference's position. That is  why our majority leader stood firm behind it.   Second, as Senator Toomey said, this is not a new issue; this is not  something we just started debating. We had versions of this in our bill  this summer. As he laid out, the minority leader and the Speaker of the  House had a version of it in their $3.4 trillion this summer as well.  The minority leader sent a letter about it. This has been at the heart  of this legislation's debate for months. And the fact that it was in  their legislation, it was in their letter--they kept saying that we  wanted to somehow sabotage the economic recovery--just goes to show you  what their intents were with these programs. It was to use them, as  Senator Toomey said, as political slush funds; use them to bail out--I  don't know--New York State or the city of New York; use them to impose  politically correct policies on companies that could come to the Fed  and get low- or no-interest-rate loans if they danced to the woke  left's tune.   Senator Toomey and Senate Republicans drew the line on this. We drew  the line on politicizing the Fed. We had no intent whatsoever to harm  the Fed's background ability to take emergency action, and we will be  prepared in the future, as Congresses in the past have been, in an  economic crisis to act as well, just like we have twice in the last 12  years--2008 and 2020.   But nothing you have read in the news about Senator Toomey and his  language that he carried on behalf of the Senate Republican conference  could be further from the truth. I want to thank him for standing  strong, and I want to thank the majority leader for standing strong on  this as well.   I yield the floor.   