 Senator, I sure do agree with you wholeheartedly. It is  something we worked on.    Madam President, the bill is the product of over a year  of work and a robust process, both in the Energy Committee and also on  the Senate floor, in early March, as you just said. And 39 of the 53  bills are bipartisan, which you don't hear very often, and 72 Senators  have either sponsored or cosponsored language included in the package.  That is 72 out of 100 of our Senators, Democrats and Republicans, who  have participated in this energy policy.   The American Energy Innovation Act would authorize just over $24  billion for technologies critical to an ``all of the above'' energy  policy. I repeat: ``all of the above.'' We need everything that we  have. That keeps our energy dependable, affordable, and reliable, while  also reducing emissions.   It truly takes a balanced and forward-leaning approach to updating  our national energy policy for the first  [[Page S3637]]  time in over 13 years. This bill is necessary to help us chart the way  to a cleaner and more secure energy future.   As you mentioned, our bill was unfortunately derailed, Chairman  Murkowski, back in March, by an issue that is entirely outside-- entirely outside--of the Energy Committee's jurisdiction. We had no  input in this whatsoever, but it stopped a piece of legislation that 72  Senators were involved in.   Since then, the world has dramatically changed, and our hearts are  heavy with the loss of over 128,000 Americans due to the virus. What  our country has gone through over the last few months reinforces a need  for a comprehensive energy bill, as we heard just 2 weeks ago from  experts testifying before the Energy Committee.   I am steadfast in my commitment to getting our American Energy  Innovation Act done this year. I think it is needed more now than even  4 months ago, when you look at the shape that our country is in. It is  a stimulus bill. It is basically an infrastructure bill, and it is a  reliable energy portfolio that takes us well into the 21st century.   Senator Murkowski.    We both agree, Senator Murkowski, that the Energy  Innovation Act is going to absolutely help our economy recover. We will  never have a recovery coming off a recession or a real shutdown the way  we have just seen unless there is infrastructure, and this is, by far,  the best.   Between March and April, the energy industry lost 1.3 million jobs.  That is a 13-percent drop that essentially wipes out all industry-wide  job growth in the last 5 years. I repeat: For the last 5 years, it has  been wiped out over 3 months. That is on top of the major shifts in the  U.S. and global energy markets that preceded and intensified in the  pandemic with a catastrophic hit to the economy, and, most importantly,  to the workers.   American workers need immediate relief, as well as longer term  assistance, and they need jobs in the sectors of tomorrow's energy  economy. This energy package puts billions of dollars into research,  development, demonstration, and deployment of energy technologies that  will create skilled and high-paying jobs while also establishing  workforce grants to ensure unemployed or new workers have the skills  and opportunities to get back to work as quickly as possible.    On top of that, our bill would help develop technologies needed in  four sectors of the U.S. economy--power generation, transportation,  industry, and commercial and residential buildings--that contribute 90  percent of U.S. greenhouse gas emissions.   While we are expecting a 14-percent drop in U.S. carbon dioxide  emissions from the energy sector in 2020--the largest drop ever-- because our economy was shut down, those emissions will bounce back as  our country opens back up. Investing in technologies like carbon  capture, energy storage, and energy efficiency are critical for  rebuilding our economy, something that we desperately need right now  while also reducing emissions.   Senator Murkowski, our bill invests in technologies across the board  and across fuel types. Do you agree that keeping this ``all of the  above'' energy package together is, by far, the best path forward?    Senator Murkowski and I, working together, and our  staffs working so diligently, have put together a truly bipartisan  energy package, which is comprehensive, and our country needs every  part of it to get enacted--every part of it.   Our national energy policy hasn't been updated since 2007. I want you  to think about 2007. That was the same year the iPhone was released.  There have been 10 different iPhone models to keep up in a world that  is constantly evolving since 2007, but we haven't been able to do the  same for energy policies. So it is long overdue.   Getting this update enacted is long overdue, as I said, and I hope  that every one of my colleagues agrees and will come together to  support passing this bill in its entirety--in its entirety--rather than  moving it in pieces, and that is what we want to prevent from  happening.   Seventy-two of my fellow Senators have language in this bill that  they have either sponsored or cosponsored. Let's move this bill as it  is rather than piecemeal, or, even worse, having to start from scratch  for next year, which will put us behind even further. Would you agree,  Madam Chairwoman?    That is exactly right, Madam Chairman. We have worked so  hard on this.   This is going through the process. We always talk about the process.  Before it comes to the floor, every piece of legislation should go  through the process.   We have fifty bills that have gone through the process in our  committee, and most of them are bipartisan. It doesn't get any better  than that. We didn't have any disagreement at all, until we got another  piece of legislation they were trying to throw in that we had no  jurisdiction over. We would love to help them if we could, but they  shouldn't hold up this bill here. Hopefully, they are working out their  differences in the other committees. I am sure they are.   I am committed to working with you, as we have been working in the  past year or more, to get this completed once and for all. It is  something I know that we, as a committee, every Member in this Senate-- 72 are cosponsors--but, truly, the entire country needs. They need to  have dependable, reliable, and affordable energy. They need that to be  pragmatic and realistic, working with all the energies we have but  demanding, through innovation--not elimination but through innovation-- a much cleaner result and a better environment for all of us. That is  what we do in this bill. We tackle every part of it.   I am very pleased to be working with you. I am as committed as you  are to get this done before we get out of here.   Thank you.   