 Madam President, I rise to support the efforts of my  colleagues to bring the unanimous House bill establishing legal  procedures for dealing with White supremacy to the floor of the Senate.  I do so in honor of four Virginians.   In August of 2017, a group called Unite the Right held a White  supremacist rally in Charlottesville, VA. They started on a Friday  evening, when Jewish residents of Charlottesville were gathering in  synagogues and when students were coming to the University of Virginia  to start their academic careers. They rampaged through the campus and  community chanting slogans from Nazi rallies like ``Jews will not  replace us'' or ``Blood and soil.''   As if that were not terrorizing enough, on the next day, they  escalated physical attacks against many. Heather Heyer was a  Charlottesville resident and paralegal with an amazing background and  story who was peacefully protesting that day, and a White supremacist  from another State revved his car up, hit her and killed her.   DeAndre Harris was a special education instructional aide in  Charlottesville, and he was set upon by a number of White supremacists  and beaten severely with objects.   There were two Virginia State Troopers, Jay Cullen and Berke Bates,  both of whom I knew. Jay Cullen often flew me in a helicopter when I  was Governor, and I met Berke Bates, the trooper, because he was part  of Governor McCullough's security detail. They were called out on that  day, which would have been a day off. They were called out on that day  because they needed to provide extra security as this White supremacist  rally ran amuck in Charlottesville. On that day, both of them lost  their lives as their helicopter malfunctioned.   I stand on the floor of the Senate thinking of these four  Virginians--two of whom I knew, three of whom lost their lives, and one  who was injured severely in this Unite the Right rally--to say that it  is time we have laws in this country that would enable us to  appropriately deal with the chief source of domestic terrorism. For  that, I thank my colleague.   I yield the floor   