 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise in opposition to this bloc of amendments and to express my  profound disappointment with this process.   As I said yesterday, climate change is a generational challenge, one  where our work today will have an impact for decades to come. I believe  our work on something of this importance deserves thoughtful  consideration, careful analysis, and substantial debate. After all,  what is at stake here is no small matter.   The policy decisions we make on this issue will not only impact our  greenhouse gas emissions; they will also have a direct effect on what  Americans pay to cool and heat their homes. They will determine whether  we hamstring our energy sectors or give them a global advantage.   Congress has an established process to make smart policy decisions on  important issues like this. We consider issues in hearings, debate and  vote in committees, and then bring legislation to the House floor.   That is not what happened here. Instead of following regular order on  individual policy proposals, we were given 1 week to review 900 pages  of legislation.   In an effort to have a voice in this process, Members offered 176  amendments to this bill. Only 99 were made in order.   And now, Mr. Speaker, we don't even have the chance to debate and  vote on those amendments individually. Instead, we are expected to vote  to pass or reject 26 amendments en bloc right now. With only one  exception, this is how we will vote on all 99 amendments made in order.   That is a problem because it forces us either to vote in favor of  policies we don't support or to vote against the ones we do. That is  where I find myself right now.   Not surprisingly, I strongly support my own amendment in this bloc.  It expresses the sense of Congress that in order to reduce emissions,  the Secretary of Energy must prioritize funding for fundamental  research infrastructure and for basic research and development  activities carried out through the Office of Science.   Office of Science programs have long served as the cornerstone of  U.S. energy innovation. Our clean energy future will be built on next- generation technology areas like grid-scale energy storage, advanced  grid security, and integrated carbon management strategies. These  technologies are dependent on Federal support for basic research  programs and infrastructure.   The Office of Science at DOE is behind some of the most  groundbreaking scientific discoveries and technology developments in  recent history. Without the innovation that has come from DOE basic  research, we wouldn't have successfully reduced emissions through  clean, affordable natural gas.   That is why a clean energy legislative package that fails to include  comprehensive Office of Science provisions is not a serious proposal  even if it is 900 pages long.   I would urge my colleagues to remember that Americans need affordable  and reliable energy, and that has to be a central goal in our policy to  address climate change.   We can reduce emissions, keep energy prices competitive, and ensure  that the U.S. remains a world leader in science and energy technology  by committing to prioritize basic research and critical infrastructure  supported by the Office of Science.   I believe my amendment would improve H.R. 4447 by establishing that  Congress is fundamentally committed to research and development of  breakthrough clean energy technologies. Unfortunately, I can't support  my amendment because it has been lumped in with so many others that  actually worsen the underlying legislation by increasing our support of  well-funded applied research programs that are duplicating the work  that private industry can and should be doing on its own.   But that is what happens when you force through a massive, partisan  messaging bill instead of allowing for individual policy consideration.  This shows a lack of good faith from the House Democrats and is no way  to pass legislation for the public good.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this bloc, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Louisiana (Mr. Graves).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I would note to my colleague that I have no  additional speakers, and I am prepared to close whenever she has  concluded with her speakers.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume.   As the Chamber of Commerce noted in a letter to Congress, there is a  growing consensus that the research, development, and commercialization  of new technologies is an important factor that will determine how  quickly and at what cost greenhouse gas emissions will be reduced. The  Chamber has recently taken issue with this package because of the  inclusion of a number of provisions that diverge from its core focus  area, threatening to undermine the otherwise favorable bill.   I am sorry to say it again, but too many provisions of this bill have  undermined areas where we could have found bipartisan consensus. The  same is true of the bloc of amendments. I, therefore, must urge my  colleagues to oppose this bloc.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, my amendment contained within this en bloc  emphasizes a critical priority for House Republicans. It expresses the  sense of Congress that the United States must prioritize investment in  domestic energy sources and supply chains, as well as in research and  development of exportable next-generation energy technologies.   This is absolutely necessary if we are going to maintain U.S.  competitiveness in science and technology while reducing emissions.  These priorities should play a key role in any realistic and  responsible global clean energy strategy.   With the current public health crisis, the need for sustainable  domestic energy chains has never been more important. Whether it is  medical supplies or energy sources, we need to be able to depend on our  own resources if foreign supply is voluntarily or involuntarily cut  off. That requires us to invest in basic research, which drives  breakthrough technologies.   For example, due in part to Federal investment in R&D that has led to  new  [[Page H4935]]  horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing technology, the American  shale revolution has led the U.S. to be a net exporter of natural gas  since 2018. This is how basic research results in energy independence,  an achievement our Nation must prioritize for long-term success.   Basic research is also instrumental in the fight against climate  change. For emissions reduction technologies like carbon capture,  storage, and utilization to be effective, they must be used globally.   Over the past 20 years, Asia has accounted for 90 percent of all  coal-fired capacity built worldwide, and these plants have potentially  long operational lifetimes ahead of them. We can't force them to change  their energy profile and amount of emissions, but we can make cleaner  energy technology appealing by making it efficient, inexpensive, and  commercially marketable.   If fundamental clean energy research is conducted here in the United  States and developed into deployable technology, we can export the  resulting knowledge, tools, and energy itself, as I mentioned with  natural gas. By investing in this way, we can grow U.S. industry,  reduce our reliance on foreign countries for innovation, and, most  importantly, make a significant impact on mitigating the effects of  global climate change.   If we want to innovate, and we want to export our technologies, we  have to focus on breakthrough science, not on propping up mature energy  technologies and slowing the development of new ones.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this position, my  amendment, and this en bloc.    Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I am opposed in its current form.    Mr. Speaker, my motion will ensure that none of the $135  billion in taxpayer funds authorized in H.R. 4447 will be used to build  up foreign countries' intellectual property and technology at the  expense of our own.   Specifically, in order to receive Federal grants, loans, or  demonstration money through H.R. 4447, organizations must certify that  the results of that funding, whether technology, intellectual property,  or data, will not become the property of a foreign state-owned  enterprise.   Mr. Speaker, China has made it an explicit goal to surpass the United  States as the global frontrunner in science and technology. The Chinese  Communist Party's Made in 2025 initiative outlines a clear strategy to  get ahead of us in critical technologies and industries of the future.   Part of the CCP strategy is acquiring U.S. technology and  intellectual property, whether through investment, coercion, or theft.   Let me repeat that: through investment, coercion, or, yes, even  theft.   This isn't a hypothetical situation. Already, China has recruited  U.S.-funded researchers for things like the Thousand Talents program.   This is much more than a single recruitment program or an exchange of  knowledge. Researchers joining the Thousand Talents program sign  legally binding contracts that require them to transfer information and  property to China.   We have seen a consistent pattern where China expresses interest in a  specific technology and then the U.S. experiences intellectual property  theft in that same technology.   The full scope of the CCP's influence and presence in the U.S. is not  entirely known to the public, but FBI Director Christopher Wray has  said that the Bureau is opening a new China-related counterintelligence  case about every 10 hours.   Simply put, we are spending the time, the money, and the effort to  plant the seeds of new technologies, but China is the one harvesting  the crop. We cannot afford to spend $135 billion in taxpayers' funds on  technologies that China will then steal and use to compete against us.  We must protect our Nation's research and intellectual property.   The Trump administration has taken good steps towards protecting  American IP from Chinese aggression, but we must do more to work  together to protect sensitive American research while maintaining the  spirit of open science that has fueled, literally, generations of  discoveries.   Mr. Speaker, this motion provides commonsense, practical protections  for taxpayer-funded research and the incalculable innovations it  creates. I urge my colleagues to support this motion and ensure that we  are not spending billions of dollars on research that China will then  use to outcompete us.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   Ms DeGETTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to  recommit.  [[Page H4948]]     Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   