 Mr. President, I come to the floor today having just  heard the Senator from Vermont talking about the Nation in its effort  to recover from the coronavirus crisis and the economic crisis as a  result, and other important issues affecting our country. I heard him  say that we have not done enough and need to do more, specifically with  an economic recovery, with a coronavirus recovery, and it sounded like  almost a liberal wish list of government providing for food, clothing,  shelter, and income for every American.   I come to the floor today to tell you what we have done, in a  historic way, because we passed the largest economic rescue package in  the history of this country--trillions and trillions of dollars. This  Senate, the House, and the White House went all-in to respond to and  help us as a nation to recover from the coronavirus crisis.   Last week, the Senate passed and the President signed another  bipartisan bill to help small businesses across our country. It is the  Paycheck Protection Program Flexibility Act. That is what the people of  Wyoming were asking for--this very successful Paycheck Protection  Program, with flexibility, so it would be easier for our small  businesses to use the relief funds. And 1,000 businesses in Wyoming  took over $1 billion in loans, and it is keeping our economy alive,  breathing life into the economy, and allowing paychecks to continue to  be paid as our businesses reopen.   All across the country, this jobs-saving effort is working, because  last month the U.S. economy added 2.5 million jobs. It smashed all  expectations. It was the largest single month of job growth in this  Nation in the history of our great country. Americans literally ran out  the front door and back to work. Unemployment was down in May. It  defied all of the forecasts and defied what we just heard the Senator  from Vermont talking about and what his expectations have been.   We are headed for a faster economic rebound than anyone has imagined.  Across the country, the State lockdowns have been ended. States have  started to safely reopen. Small businesses are reopening. People are  going back to work. I thought I heard the Senator from Vermont say that  he was thinking that half of all the small businesses in America  wouldn't be able to reopen again ever.   Young people are going back to school. K-12 schools and colleges are  planning to reopen this fall. Of course, I don't think any of us were  surprised to see the University of California system say that they are  going to stay closed until 2021--until next year, all 10 campuses-- because in California, one size fits all. But for the rest of our  Nation, the schools and the colleges are reopening and students will be  heading back to campus.   There is a return-to-normal routine that is going to boost our  communities. As the American recovery begins, we are going all in to  keep people safe. That is a big part of it. That means more virus  testing, more treatment, and better treatment and vaccines.   Innovations are rapidly expanding testing. The country has now  performed more than 22 million coronavirus tests. Nearly a half million  tests are done every day, including today. Our researchers, our  scientists, and our doctors are making record progress on a vaccine. We  are calling this effort Operation Warp Speed. It is a public-private  partnership with companies producing a vaccine for the American people  that will then be used around the world. The private sector finalists  will soon be announced. The government will support their vaccine work,  will assist with clinical trials, and will prioritize review of the  most promising vaccines.   One of the companies, called Moderna, is in phase 2 trials and plans  to start phase 3 in July. The Food and Drug Administration approval is  then the final step. Another company, AstraZeneca, plans to end phase 2  and phase 3 trials over the next few months.   AstraZeneca just announced a new partnership with the Biomedical  Research Authority and the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency.  So our military is joining in this public/private partnership. This  project may deliver emergency vaccines as early as October, which would  certainly be record-breaking. The pharmaceutical company Merck will  conduct trials in July. Johnson & Johnson plans phase 1 and phase 2  trials for July as well. Pfizer hopes to have a vaccine ready by  October. The goal is to make a safe, effective vaccine and make it  available to all Americans by January of 2021.   Operation Warp Speed partners want to beat this, and they want to  make that their most ambitious goal--beating timelines that have never  been beaten before, breaking the records. At the same time a number of  other companies are pursuing a vaccine independently. America's  researchers, scientists, and doctors have dropped everything and are  working in overdrive. They have gone all in.    One major drug company CEO said yesterday that there will be no big  price for the coronavirus vaccine. Every company should make that same  pledge. Every company should make that same pledge. This is a  tremendous opportunity for companies to do the right thing, to make the  vaccine as accessible as any vaccine in the history of our Nation.   As we begin to recover from this crisis, the goal is clear, and it  has been clear: We want to keep Americans safe and get them back to  work. Together, that is what we must all endeavor to do.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   