 Mr. President, I rise today to speak regarding the  impeachment of President Trump.   For more than 2 weeks now, the Senate has listened as both the House  managers and the President's counsel presented their cases. Nearly  28,000  [[Page S828]]  pages of documents, including testimony from 17 witnesses gathered as  part of the House investigation, will be part of the Senate record.  Over the course of 2 days, Senators asked 180 questions of the House  managers and the White House counsel. The Senate took its  constitutional duty very seriously.   After carefully listening to the House managers, President's counsel,  reviewing the documents and testimony, and asking questions, it is  clear to me that the House should not have impeached President Trump,  and the Senate should vote to acquit the President.   The House process did not provide the President with important due  process rights. On the other hand, the Senate trial was conducted using  past precedent of the Clinton trial as the framework. At the start of  the Senate trial, the Senate agreed that the House evidence could be  admitted into the record. We provided ample opportunity for both the  House managers and White House counsel to make their arguments and  ensure that Senators had substantial time to ask their questions. As I  said, in fact, Senators asked 180 questions over 2 full days and  received lengthy answers from both--and detailed answers from both  President's counsel and the House managers.   The American public has seen the transcript of the call between  President Trump and President Zelensky. President Zelensky has said on  several occasions that he did not feel pressured to do anything in  return for the security assistance. Further, the military aid was  provided to Ukraine without any investigations being conducted. Given  these facts, the House's allegations do not rise to the level of an  impeachable offense.   Our Founding Fathers believed that impeachment should not be used as  a partisan weapon and that the President serves at the will of the  people. With an election to be held in coming months, it should be up  to the American people to decide who will lead the country.   We need to put this impeachment behind us. We need to get back to  work advancing measures to help improve the lives of Americans. These  legislative priorities, delayed while the House and Senate focused its  attention on partisan impeachment, include important items like  addressing our Nation's infrastructure, lowering prescription drug  costs, providing middle-class tax relief, promoting American energy  development, supporting our military and veterans, upholding our trust  and treaty obligations to our Tribal communities, securing our borders,  and continuing to fight for our farmers and our ranchers. These should  all be areas where we can work together on a bipartisan basis for the  American people.   With these important priorities in mind, I look forward to getting  back to work for the American people.   I yield the floor.   