 Mr. President, I am going to briefly remove my mask.   We are about 1 week into baseball season. I will lighten this up a  little bit. We are 1 week into baseball season. Some of us here are  huge baseball fans. This is the home of the Nationals--home of the  world championship Washington Nationals. The best two pitchers come  from the Detroit Tigers, my favorite team.   For those who might not have been watching baseball over the weekend,  there is a young guy who is a relief pitcher for the Tigers. His name  is Tyler Alexander. He was brought in in relief in the second or third  inning and struck out nine straight bats. He struck out the first nine  batters he faced. I think one other person has done that in Major  League history.   So, as we gather here today to figure out how to get out of this  mess, his job that day was to try to figure out how to get out of  another mess, and my hope is that our efforts here in the Senate, the  House, and the White House will be as successful as were his.   I am happy to follow today our friend from Maine; our colleague from  New Jersey; and you, Mr. President, as the Senator from Louisiana, in  actually pointing to something we can agree on. People are always  saying to me and, I know, to my colleagues when we go home: Can't you  guys and gals ever agree on anything?   Well, as it turns out, a number of us agree that States and local  governments could use some help--some additional help beyond that which  we have already provided. That is a good thing. We don't have to pit  blue States against red States. We can actually work together, and in  this case we are.   Very few of us actually come here and start our first elected job  being in the U.S. Senate--some, but not a lot. A number of people are  former mayors, former Governors, former Representatives. But every now  and then, somebody slips through without ever having run for elected  office.   I am a former State treasurer. People call me a recovering Governor,  but I am really a recovering State treasurer. I was elected State  treasurer when I was 29. When I was elected State treasurer and took my  oath, our State had the worst credit rating in the country.   I was elected in 1976--the same year that a Republican named Pete du  Pont was elected Governor of our State. He turned out to be a terrific  Governor at a time when we needed one. He was a good mentor for me and  someone I always looked up to, and I hope I was a good partner to him  and Democrats and Republicans in the legislature to pull our State out  of a real mess.   Not only did we have the worst credit rating in the country that  year--1977, actually--we had the worst credit rating, we had no pension  fund, we had no rainy day fund, and we had the lowest start rate of new  businesses of any State in America.   We couldn't balance our budgets if we had to. In order to actually  have money to spend, we issued revenue anticipation notes.   When I got to the State treasurer's office, I said: What is a revenue  anticipation note?   They said: That is the way the State borrows money until tax monies  come in the following April, so that we can actually pay payroll and  pensions and stuff like that.   I said: You are kidding.   They said: No, we are not.   That was then; this is now. When Pete du Pont was our Governor and I  was treasurer, we had a bipartisan legislature. The house and senate  were split between Democrats and Republicans. But we created a rainy  day fund and never invaded it. We created and fully amortized our  pension fund. We had no pension fund. We fully amortized it within  about 10 years. We did all kinds of things, all kinds of budget reforms  in order to get us on the right track.   Now, I have heard some of my colleagues say the States got themselves  in a mess and they are going to have to get out of it. They said they  can file for bankruptcy; they are badly managed.   Let me just say, my State is a AAA State. We got a AAA rating when I  was Governor, and we never lost it to this day.   Most States are better run fiscally than the Federal Government. You  only have to look at the way we spend money around here--not just in  the middle of a pandemic. Look at the year before the pandemic, at how  much our Nation's deficit and debt increased. But even fiscally  responsible, well-managed States like Delaware and some other States  that are represented on this floor right here are finding themselves in  a situation that one could not have imagined just a few months ago.  That is especially true when we have an administration that is  simultaneously asking State and local governments to shoulder the  burden of responding to the coronavirus.   Leader McConnell and Secretary Mnuchin say that States don't need  more money because they haven't used the coronavirus relief funds that  Congress provided in the CARES Act. Well, unfortunately, that is just  not true. A survey conducted by the National Association of State  Budget Officers shows that States have already allocated nearly 75  percent of these funds already to fight the pandemic and help  struggling families and small businesses through this crisis.   If States across this country see a resurgence in infection rates,  the cost of addressing the health and economic crisis is not going  down; it is going up.   At the same time that the cost of addressing this pandemic has  skyrocketed, businesses are shuttered, and tourism and commerce have  come, in many places, to a standstill. That means that hundreds of  billions of dollars in lost revenues for States and local governments  have occurred.   Delaware is certainly not alone. So let me be very clear. This is not  a red State or a blue State problem; it is a United States problem. It  is not a consequence of poor management either.   Over the past couple months, weeks, I have had conversations, as my  colleagues know, with dozens of them on both sides of the aisle about  what States and local communities across our country are facing as a  result of COVID-19. In those conversations with my Democratic and  Republican colleagues, time and again I have heard a familiar refrain:  The pandemic has caused State and local government revenues to plummet  in a way that none of us have ever experienced or would have or could  have foreseen.   Income tax revenues have fallen and unemployment numbers have reached  [[Page S4710]]  unprecedented levels over the course of just a few months. Delaying  Federal tax deadlines--while it was the right thing to do--has wreaked  havoc on the ability of States to balance their budgets. Sales tax  collections and revenue from tourism, gas taxes, and tolls have dried  up as the virus has compelled many people to just stay at home. And  States highly dependent on oil and gas revenues, as the Presiding  Officer's State is, have been doubly hit by the pandemic and turmoil in  global energy markets.   Unlike the Federal Government, State and local governments have to  balance their budgets. This means that Governors, State legislators,  and local officials--mayors, city and county councils--have had no  choice but to make deep cuts that will inevitably hurt the ability of  their communities to recover.   Since the pandemic hit our country, State and local governments alone  have lost 1.5 million jobs.   Let me say that again. Since the pandemic hit our country, State and  local governments alone have lost 1.5 million jobs.   Those are not private sector jobs. Those are not Federal Government  jobs. Those are just State and local, county jobs: teachers,  firefighters, police, and more.   This staggering statistic is bad enough on its own, but what does it  mean if you aren't one of the one in every eight American workers who  is employed by a State or local government?   Here is what it means. Cuts to education budgets means larger class  sizes. It means fewer bus drivers. It means fewer custodians at a time  when schools are struggling to figure out how they will reopen safely  this fall.   I talked earlier this week to a number of our finest school  superintendents in Delaware. We talked about--they are struggling--how  to open up and reopen schools. As it turns out, they are going to have  to hire more bus drivers if schools reopen--more bus drivers because  kids will be separated. They have to separate kids. You can't put as  many kids on the school bus. They are going to have to hire substitute  teachers. If somebody gets sick and they are unable to come to work,  they will have to hire a substitute teacher and pay for them as well.  And for nurses, it is the same way. To be there to help administer-- whether it is taking people's temperatures or administering tests and  that kind of thing, we are going to need more health professionals in  our schools rather than fewer.   Cuts to first responder budgets mean people must wait longer for EMTs  and firefighters to arrive during emergency situations.   Cuts in transportation budgets mean canceled or delayed  infrastructure--transportation infrastructure projects--and fewer  construction jobs when we are in the middle of the summer construction  season.   These cuts impact all of us and create a ripple effect across the  broader economy. That is why economists across the political spectrum,  including Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell, agree that State and  local budget cuts will weigh down our path to economic recovery, not  just for a couple of weeks, not just for a couple of months, but for  years to come.   In fact, based on evidence from the last recession, one recent  economic report found that every dollar in cuts cost the overall  economy $1.50 to $2. That is one reason the U.S. Chamber of Commerce  has called for additional Federal aid for States and for cities. The  Chamber also recognizes that its lost revenue will force officials out  of State and local levels to either miss payments or raise taxes in  order to make up the shortfall.   We know that this is impacting every part of our Nation. The longer  we wait to get much needed assistance for our State and local  governments, the more our communities will suffer and the more at risk  we put our entire economy.   We are here. We are sort of like almost in overtime. In fact, we are  in overtime when it comes to the supplemental unemployment insurance  benefits having expired. We don't have time to wait. Let's pass long  overdue assistance. Let's pass it so that our hometowns and our States  don't take an even bigger hit that we can't afford but a hit that is  avoided.   With that, I want to yield to some of my colleagues who are here to  present their own perspectives, and we look forward to hearing from  them. The first one, right out of the starting block, is a former  Governor of New Hampshire--like me, a recovering Governor--and a  terrific U.S. Senator, Maggie Hassan.   I am happy to yield the floor to Senator Maggie Hassan.   