 The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Missouri (Mr. Blunt), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. Burr),  the Senator from Texas (Mr. Cruz), the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. Enzi),  the Senator from Iowa (Ms. Ernst), the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs.  Fischer), the Senator from Georgia (Mrs. Loeffler), the Senator from  Kentucky (Mr. Paul), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Perdue), the Senator  from Ohio (Mr. Portman), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. Risch), and the  Senator from South Dakota (Mr. Rounds).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Missouri (Mr. Blunt), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. Burr),  the Senator from Texas (Mr. Cruz), the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. Enzi),  the Senator from Iowa (Ms. Ernst), the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs.  Fischer), the Senator from Georgia (Mrs. Loeffler), the Senator from  Kentucky (Mr. Paul), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Perdue), the Senator  from Ohio (Mr. Portman), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. Risch), and the  Senator from South Dakota (Mr. Rounds).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Missouri (Mr. Blunt), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. Burr),  the Senator from Texas (Mr. Cruz), the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. Enzi),  the Senator from Iowa (Ms. Ernst), the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs.  Fischer), the Senator from Georgia (Mrs. Loeffler), the Senator from  Kentucky (Mr. Paul), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Perdue), the Senator  from Ohio (Mr. Portman), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. Risch), and the  Senator from South Dakota (Mr. Rounds).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Missouri (Mr. Blunt), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. Burr),  the Senator from Texas (Mr. Cruz), the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. Enzi),  the Senator from Iowa (Ms. Ernst), the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs.  Fischer), the Senator from Georgia (Mrs. Loeffler), the Senator from  Kentucky (Mr. Paul), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Perdue), the Senator  from Ohio (Mr. Portman), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. Risch), and the  Senator from South Dakota (Mr. Rounds).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Missouri (Mr. Blunt), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. Burr),  the Senator from Texas (Mr. Cruz), the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. Enzi),  the Senator from Iowa (Ms. Ernst), the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs.  Fischer), the Senator from Georgia (Mrs. Loeffler), the Senator from  Kentucky (Mr. Paul), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Perdue), the Senator  from Ohio (Mr. Portman), the Senator from Idaho (Mr. Risch), and the  Senator from South Dakota (Mr. Rounds).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Tennessee (Mr. Alexander), the Senator from Missouri (Mr. Blunt),  the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. Burr), the Senator from Texas (Mr.  Cruz), the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. Enzi), the Senator from Iowa (Ms.  Ernst), the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. Fischer), the Senator from  Georgia (Mrs. Loeffler), the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. Paul), the  Senator from Georgia (Mr. Perdue), the Senator from Ohio (Mr. Portman),  the Senator from Idaho (Mr. Risch), and the Senator from South Dakota  (Mr. Rounds).   Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr.  Alexander) would have voted ``yea.''   