 Madam President, this month will forever mark a historic  moment for conservation across this Nation when the U.S. Senate votes  on one of the most important conservation bills in decades.   The Great American Outdoors Act isn't just about tomorrow, next week,  or even next year. This is a bipartisan bill about the future of our  children and grandchildren, about legacy, about their ability to enjoy  and access our great outdoors and our public lands.   Standing here today, I can tell you there aren't too many issues,  unfortunately, that bring both Republicans and Democrats together, but  protecting our public lands for future generations is something that  brings us all here together.   Just yesterday, we saw a major bipartisan step forward to getting  this bill across the finish line--an 80-to-17 vote to move forward with  this important bill.   Today, I am joining my Senate colleagues on both sides of the aisle  to share how important it is that we pass the Great American Outdoors  Act as soon as possible.   Many may ask: Well, how is it, then, that we have finally built  enough bipartisan momentum to get this across the finish line? Well,  over a year and a half ago, my colleagues and I passed a historic  bipartisan public lands package that permanently authorized the Land  and Water Conservation Fund--a critical conservation program in Montana  and across the country.   In fact, as I am standing here, I am looking across the Chamber at  the ranking member of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee,  Senator Joe Manchin of West Virginia. This is what it is all about in  Washington. This is what should be happening more and more. When  Senators who sit on opposite sides of the Senate Chamber because of the  way we sit, with Democrats on one side, Republicans on the other--here  we are together. We are not fighting each other right now. We are  talking about how we are going to come together and pass this.   This is a great moment for our Nation--a time when we need to come  together--and, once again, it is public lands that are pulling us  together instead of dividing us.   Back in February, just a few months ago, I sat down in the Roosevelt  Room with Senator Gardner, Leader McConnell, and President Trump to see  what it would take to get full, mandatory funding of the Land and Water  Conservation Fund and how we can fix this maintenance backlog, which is  plaguing our national parks and our public lands, across the finish  line.   In fact, I shared several of Montana's Land and Water Conservation  Fund funded projects and shared how vital this funding is for Montana  and those who visit. Seventy percent of our fishing accesses in Montana  are funded by LWCF.   The President listened. I remember he sat back in his chair. He  commented how beautiful the landscapes were that he saw in these  pictures. He said that we need to get this across the finish line, and  he said that he would sign it into law as soon as we did so.   Protecting and preserving our public lands play a direct role in our  Montana way of life. In fact, this picture is of the Yellowstone River.  It is not far from Chico. I remember as a kid, back in the sixties,  having church potlucks at Chico.   I remember in 1979 I took the family Griswold station wagon,  including the brown veneer on the side of it--wood veneer--with several  of my high school classmates. That is where we had our homecoming dance  dinner, at Chico, just a few miles from where this picture was taken.   I have spent countless days hiking the Beartooth Wilderness area,  fishing the Gallatin and the Yellowstone, shown here, enjoying all of  Montana's great outdoors in every corner of our State with my sweet  wife Cindy, our four children, and our dogs Ruby and Reagan.   In fact, take a look at some of these photos. These are photos I have  taken on my phone in some of Montana's public lands. That is Ruby, and  there is Reagan. This was up in the Beartooth Wilderness area a few  years ago.   In fact, I have another picture here, one of Ruby. We like to take  our dogs along because this is wild country. This is country where  there are a lot of grizzly bears, and having your dog along oftentimes  can be a good deterrent, along with some bear spray.   There is Ruby up at what is called the Mount Villard Spires. In fact,  Granite Peak, the highest point in Montana, was one of the last  summited high points in the lower 48 when it was climbed. Granite Peak  is just around the corner. I summited that back during my college  years.   I can tell you, when I talk about public lands and protecting them  and making sure we preserve that for generations to come, this is not  some kind of theoretical discussion. This something that I live and  breathe personally. During the August recess, when we get to leave this  town, when it is hot and humid in DC, I get to be up in the wilderness  areas of Montana--we do that every August--where the area is crisp, the  air is clean.   That is why, as Montana's voice in the U.S. Senate, I am standing  here today, fighting to bring this vote to the floor and to make the  Great American Outdoors Act a reality.   Many folks may not understand the importance of the Land and Water  Conservation Fund and what it means for Montana and States across our  country. Let's go over a few important facts.   The Land and Water Conservation Fund is critical for public access to  public lands. As an avid outdoorsman, a hunter, and a fly fisherman, I  understand the importance of our public lands. This program helps  connect trails. It funds over 70 percent of Montana's fishing access,  and it does much more than that. The Land and Water Conservation Fund  provides certainty to land managers, sportsmen, and conservation  groups.   The Land and Water Conservation money invests in Montana's outdoor  economy, and it helps create jobs in our rural and gateway communities.  Let me tell you something. They are struggling right now because our  national parks were closed for too long, and they need this boost by  getting this passed.   Speaking of the outdoor recreation economy, Montana contributes over  $7 billion and supports 71,000 jobs in Montana alone. In fact, 81  percent of Montanans participate in outdoor recreation every year--81  percent. In fact, every $1 million invested in the Land and Water  Conservation Fund creates between 16 and 30 jobs.   The Land and Water Conservation Fund costs the taxpayers nothing. Let  me say that again. It costs the taxpayers nothing, and it promotes  energy development. Now, here is the balance we need in our Nation: to  continue to develop energy independence and global energy dominance by  developing American natural resources, and at the same time the  revenues coming off of there are used for the Land and Water  Conservation Fund. Here is the balance between the two: promoting  natural resource development and promoting conservation. This program  is primarily funded by oil and gas revenue, and it makes conservation  inextricably linked to a strong energy sector, which means the Land and  Water Conservation money is already paid for.   Through the Forest Legacy side of the Land and Water Conservation  Fund, we will see the promotion of working forests to get our mills  back up and running and help support and  [[Page S2780]]  create good-paying timber jobs. It will do a much better job of  managing our national forests because we will thin them and reduce the  risk of wildfires. Perhaps you may have heard otherwise, but this  program actually helps promote better land management.   The Land and Water Conservation Fund acts as an important tool for  land managers and agencies to address checkerboard land ownership. I  decided today to bring pictures of the beautiful landscapes in Montana.  I could have gotten a little more technical and showed the checkerboard  nature of land ownership in a place like Montana and why we need LWCF  to provide better access to our public lands. Because we have 1.5  million acres of Federal land in Montana that is landlocked, Montana  directly benefits from the Land and Water Conservation Fund projects  that work to consolidate land ownership. You will have a private end  holding, you will have a State piece, and another Federal piece in this  checkerboard nature, and by consolidating it and working with willing  sellers, we can make the overall landscape management easier for  agencies and private landowners and provide better access.   The Land and Water Conservation Fund supports locally driven  solutions from the ground up. These are collaborative projects that  have local support. The LWCF is authorized at $900 million annually.  However, we aren't seeing nearly that much appropriated from that fund  every year. In fact, only twice, since it was enacted going back to  1964, have we seen funding levels at $900 million, and that was the  original congressional intent.   Let's be clear. What we are doing here by passing this bill is  bringing it back to what Congress intended when it was first originated  back in the midsixties. Mandatory funding for the Great American  Outdoors Act would create certainty for land managers that the full  $900 million goes toward this program every year moving forward. It is  so important because some of these complex checkerboard land ownership  structures take many years to sort out. Now we have certainty.   If there is someplace with a lot of uncertainty, it is the U.S.  Congress. This removes one of those uncertainties from Congress going  forward. We must not forget about the other critical aspect of the  Great American Outdoors Act: addressing the maintenance backlog facing  our national parks, our forests, and our public lands. We are seeing  record levels of visitation in our public lands.   As I think about our national parks, I call them our office of first  impression. I believe they are what set us apart from the rest of the  world. People come from all over the world to see our national parks.  They are unique, and it is part of the amazing American experience.   With this increased visitation every year, our park infrastructure  has inevitably experienced a lot of wear and tear. We are fraying a lot  on the edges. While this is a good indicator that folks around the  world love to enjoy our parks in Montana, we must address the  maintenance backlog to ensure that folks continue to come and enjoy  what we refer to in Montana as the ``Last Best Place.'' If you look at  some of these pictures, I think you might agree with me.   Today, there is nearly $20 billion in maintenance backlog on our  public lands, forests, wildlife refuges, and parks, and $12 billion of  that is for our national parks, including $700 million in Glacier and  Yellowstone National Parks and over $34 million in Montana's smaller  national parks.   Addressing this $12 billion backlog through the Great American  Outdoors Act will play a vital role in getting our national parks back  on track. This will create jobs, support our gateway and rural  communities, and enhance visitor experience and safety.   The restoration of our national parks could generate over 100,000  additional jobs at a time when our economy needs that kind of boost.  While this was an issue we have been working on for years with Members  on both sides of this infamous aisle, this is needed maybe now more  than ever.   Montanans are raised to love and respect the outdoors. Only once in a  great while does such a historic piece of conservation legislation come  along--perhaps once every 50 years. It is essential to protect and  maintain access to these lands for future generations.   It is my highest honor to serve the people of Montana in the U.S.  Senate. I encourage my colleagues to join us in supporting this great  piece of legislation, one that has helped bring a divided government  together.   I believe it is a conservative principle to conserve, and I will  always continue fighting for that principle. I know I and my colleagues  here today are ready to get this done. Montanans know what it takes to  practice conservative principles and work to conserve their public  lands. Now it is time for Congress to come together in a bipartisan way  and support the Great American Outdoors Act   I yield the floor.   