 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, now, ``Equal Justice Under Law''--those  words are etched in stone above the doors of the Supreme Court, a  bedrock principle of the American system. These past few weeks have  been a searing reminder of how that principle does not reflect the  lived experience for many Americans.   For Black Americans, confrontations with the police are not the same  as for White Americans. You can be standing on a street corner like  Eric Garner or asleep in your bed like Breonna Taylor and have your  life ended by police. George Floyd's brutal death at the hands of a  White police officer in Minneapolis sparked peaceful protests across  this country because as singular and tragic as the death of George  Floyd was, his experience was one that resonated with far too many  Black Americans.   That is why hundreds of thousands of Americans have engaged in  peaceful demonstrations against police violence and systemic racism.  From Los Angeles to Washington, DC, and from Seattle to New York City,  where I joined shoulder to shoulder with my fellow New Yorkers on  Saturday, Americans from all walks of life have marched, sang, prayed,  cried, and spoken out that Black lives matter; that our country  promises justice for all but too often only delivers it for some.  [[Page S2749]]    The protests weren't confined to big cities. Thousands turned out in  Allentown and Fayetteville, PA; in Fairmont, WV; and in Havre, MT.  There were Black Lives Matter protests in Vidor, TX, a city with a  troubled history as a haven for the KKK, and Harvard, NE, a city with  only 1,000 residents.   Remarkably, though these protests concerned events within our  borders, they sparked outrage far outside of them. The name ``George  Floyd'' was chanted in Rome, Paris, London, Amsterdam, Berlin, and  Mexico City. This is a rare moment for our Nation's history. Injustice  stares us so plainly in the face that the great mass of our people are  demanding change. The institutions of our government and our democracy  have an obligation to answer.   Today, we are taking the first of many necessary steps to respond to  our national pain with bold action. This morning, I joined with Speaker  Pelosi and several of our House colleagues, Representatives Bass,  Clyburn, Nadler, and Jeffries, as well as my colleagues, Senators  Booker and Harris, to introduce the Justice in Policing Act--a response  to the recent protests and the years of failure to reform our police  departments.   The Justice in Policing Act proposes crucial reforms to combat racial  bias and excessive force by law enforcement. It would ban the use of  choke holds and other tactics that have left Black Americans dead. It  would limit the transfer of military weaponry and equipment to police  departments. It would change the legal standard to make it easier to  hold police accountable for misconduct when they use deadly force on  American citizens.   Through increased data and transparency, as well as important  modifications to training and practices, it would help prevent police  misconduct in the first place. This has never been done before at the  Federal level, and it would encourage the same changes at the State and  local level in order for those police departments to receive Federal  funds.   In the Senate, Democrats are going to fight like hell to make this  proposal a reality. Americans who took to the streets have demanded  change. With this legislation, Democrats are heeding their call. Now is  the time for Leader McConnell to commit to putting police reform on the  floor of the Senate before July 4 to be debated and voted on. Several  Republicans have acknowledged the egregious wrongs, but too few have  expressed a need for floor action. Too many have remained silent. Maybe  our Republican friends are hoping the issue goes away. I promise them  it will not. Democrats will not let this go away, and we will not rest  until we achieve real reforms.   Leader McConnell, let's have the debate not just on TV and Twitter  but on the floor of the U.S. Senate. We need legislation and debate. A  divided nation cannot wait for healing and for solutions. The  Republican majority must not continue to squander the Senate's time on  rightwing judges and conspiracy hearings. History will judge whether  this Chamber responds to the Nation's pain with action or lets an old  and terrible wound in our society continue to fester.   The poison of racism affects more than our criminal justice system.  It runs much deeper than that. There are racial disparities in housing  and healthcare, education and the economy, income and wealth, and COVID  has only placed a magnifying glass on all these forms of inequality.   There are now 118,000 confirmed deaths from COVID in the United  States. Black Americans have died at a disproportionate rate. As  hospitals and healthcare workers have scrambled to secure enough  supplies and create enough space, those institutions that serve  communities of color have been the most strained. As our medical crisis  led to an economic crisis, it is largely African Americans and Latinos  who have seen their jobs disappear faster and more permanently.    The President is evidently prepared to declare the fight against  COVID-19 over because 15 percent of our country's citizens are  unemployed, not 20 percent, even though that figure--15 percent--is  higher than at any point during the Great Recession. The reason  unemployment isn't as shockingly awful as it might have been was that  Congress leapt into action at the outset of the pandemic and passed a  major bill, the CARES Act, to keep the country afloat. The bill that  eventually passed was bipartisan, but Democrats had to push Republicans  almost every step of the way to get many of the improvements in the  bill. Much of the aid the bill gave to unemployment, to our healthcare  systems, and to truly small businesses was because Democrats insisted.   If the President and Senate Republicans declare victory too early, if  they lull into complacency now, and if they wait too long to pass  another round of emergency relief, the economic conditions in our  country will deteriorate. If we do nothing, more Americans will lose  their jobs, more Americans will lose their healthcare, more Americans  will struggle to put food on the table and keep a roof over their head,  and more Americans will see small businesses they sweated so hard to  create fail.   We fear that the recent bump in the employment number, caused in  large part because of the stimulus money we pumped into the economy,  will create, in Republicans, a sense of complacency, and the economy  will get even worse.   The fact that we are confronted by so many challenges--so many  challenges--can seem overwhelming. The fact and the consequences of  Republican inaction, the fact that they fall so heavily on Black and  Brown Americans is so confounding, but there is no reason that we  cannot respond to this moment of national crisis with vigorous and  sustained action, with purposeful action and bipartisan effort on the  COVID pandemic and long, simmering issues of police violence and racial  justice. We must do both.   That is what the Senate, supposedly the world's greatest deliberative  body, was designed to do. There are four remaining weeks before July 4.  The time for waiting is gone. Leader McConnell and Senate Republicans  must commit to putting a police reform bill on the Senate floor for  debate and a vote. They must commit to working with us on another  emergency relief package. We have waited too long already. Let me  repeat. Leader McConnell and Senate Republicans, we must accomplish two  things before July 4: police reform and COVID relief. We can and must  do both. Do not stand in the way of a nation yearning for solutions-- not for empty rhetoric, not for name-calling, and not for partisanship.   Before I yield the floor, I want to mention one other issue. Last  week, President Trump was responsible for ordering Federal officers to  force peaceful protesters from Lafayette Square--just across the street  from the White House--in clear violation of their First Amendment  rights of freedom of speech and assembly. It was deeply offensive and  wrong. Even more appalling was the purpose of the order: to clear a  path for the President to stage a political stunt at nearby St. John's  Church.   Today, Lafayette Square, a place which has long been a venue where  Americans gather to freely exercise their constitutional rights,  remains blocked off by heavy fencing. The President has converted this  unique public park in the heart of the Nation's Capital into something  resembling a militarized zone. Lafayette Square should be a symbol of  freedom and openness to the world, not a place behind which the  President cowers in fear of peaceful protesters crying out for justice.   So, moments ago, Speaker Pelosi and I sent a letter to President  Trump urging him to reopen Lafayette Square. President Trump, tear down  these walls and allow the public to gather in front of the White House  for you and for all the world to hear their voices   I yield the floor.   