 Mr. President, I thank Senator Cramer and my colleague  Senator Rounds from North Dakota.   North Carolina's businesses are struggling. I heard Senator Cardin  and am sympathetic to most of what he said. Yet, as I have traveled  across the State--and I have had 65 telephone townhalls since COVID  started and have talked with citizens in North Carolina for an hour,  spending 55 minutes hearing from them and answering their questions--I  know we have a very difficult problem in North Carolina and across the  country. I just talked with a hotel and lodging association and a  restaurant association a few weeks ago. They said we have 18,000  restaurants in North Carolina, and 9,000 of them are at risk of closing  permanently.   When we passed the CARES Act, we knew we had to do something big,  bold, and fast, and I think everyone at the Small Business  Administration and in the banking industry mobilized to do something  that was unprecedented. They got that money out and into the hands of  businesses.   The program is called the Paycheck Protection Program for a reason.  We were doing everything we could to make sure that those businesses  that were willing could make payroll--could keep people on their  benefits, could keep people on their healthcare--and could weather the  storm while closures were going on all across this country. They were  closing down businesses or, certainly, dramatically reducing their  business.   Thank goodness for the brave businesses that stepped up and applied  for Paycheck Protection Program loans, and thank goodness for the banks  that were willing to underwrite them while we were still, really,  working the rules out--literally building the cars as they were rolling  down the road. They should be commended for what they have done.   This measure is a simple measure. We know that more than 85 percent  of all of the loans that were underwritten under the Paycheck  Protection Program were under $150,000, and we know that they were  small businesses. Yet we have a lot of paperwork that these businesses  are going to have to do, and small businesses interacting with the  Federal Government on four or five occasions before the loan is  forgiven is a daunting task when you are still trying to figure out how  you can make payroll and how you can keep your business going.   Then you have the banking industry that we rely on for moving all of  this capital out there and making sure that payrolls can be met and  want to be prepared for the next tranche of CARES Act Paycheck  Protection Program loans. Yet we are going to tie them up over  paperwork with these small business loans that we can forgive? It is  not like we are turning a blind eye to compliance. We will look at that  loan portfolio with the same sort of sampling that the IRS does to make  sure there is not any fraud or abuse and to make sure people are held  accountable.   If Senator Cardin really wants to get to the work of the next  Paycheck Protection Program, let's lay the groundwork and clear the  plumbing so we may call on the Small Business Administration, which is  in the process of hiring 1,200 people just to deal with loan  forgiveness. The banks that want to provide more loans need to clear  their backlogs so they will have the capacity to do it as fast as  possible.   Senator Cardin is right in that we have a lot more to do. This is a  step in a long journey. Yet, in doing this forgiveness program--the  measure that Senator Cardin objected to--we would have the opportunity  to take a straw off the camel's back. We have to do something. We  continue following up on the CARES Act, but I am very disappointed that  we have gotten where we are in this Chamber when everybody knows this  is good legislation.   We should do it, but they are turning their backs on businesses.  Unfortunately, I think it is going to result in more people being on  unemployment and more businesses closing. I will work as hard as I can  with Senator Cramer and Senator Rounds and other Members to get this  done.   I yield the floor.   