 Madam President, each year, during the month of August, I  look forward to traveling across my State--my very big State--to spend  time with my constituents. It is the best way to learn firsthand how  the laws and programs we enact here are working and to receive the  feedback on legislation being considered by the Congress in the future  and what I can do to better help the folks back home.   A typical State work period involves dozens of face-to-face events  from every corner of my State, covering all ages, professions, and  walks of life. Last August, I spent time talking with my constituents  about everything from the Debbie Smith Act and GI benefits for student  veterans to Project Safe Neighborhoods grants and the U.S.-Mexico- Canada Trade Agreement.   As we all know, 2020 has been anything but typical, and this August  was no exception. These big, in-person events have been replaced with  virtual ones, with face-to-face meetings, which now involve wearing  masks, social distancing, and a heavy dose of hand sanitizer. Instead  of the broad range of policies we might normally discuss, almost every  one of them centered on the impact of COVID-19. No big surprise there.   I have heard from mayors, teachers, food bank employees, healthcare  workers, restaurant owners, energy workers,  [[Page S5434]]  and countless others about how the resources that we have been  providing them have helped them through this pandemic. From the Rio  Grande Valley to Amarillo--opposite ends of our State--from Tyler to  Orange in the eastern part of the State and all points in between, I  masked up and met with Texans who are working overtime to keep their  communities safe and to provide for their families. All the while, I  continue to hold virtual conversations and telephone townhalls to hear  from my constituents and share information about what we are doing to  be helpful to them.   These conversations, as I said a moment ago, always help me better  understand the effectiveness of the legislation we passed and provide  valuable feedback about what is needed in the next coronavirus relief  bill.   With the school year now officially underway in most of Texas,  additional support for our students and teachers is one of my top  priorities. I have had the chance to speak with K-12 students and  teachers in Odessa, Lubbock, and Canyon, and college students and  administrators in Angelo State University in San Angelo, as well as  Texas Tech University and Texas Tech Health Science Center in Amarillo.  Some joined us socially distanced on campus and others connected  virtually.   I was able to hear from both students and teachers about this  unprecedented school year and the challenges--the extra challenges-- brought on by COVID-19. Whether in person, online, or some combination  of the two, education looks a lot different this year, and we need to  provide schools with the funding to keep kids in the classrooms safe  and those at home on track for a great education.   Congress has already passed $30 billion in emergency relief for  education, including more than $2.6 billion for Texas. This funding has  helped our school districts, colleges, and universities prepare for the  fall, but, to be honest, more is needed.   For those learning in person, additional funding can cover cleaning  services and equipment to prevent children from catching and spreading  the virus. For those learning virtually, it could provide additional  hardware and internet hotspots so they can do their studies online.   I visited one high school in Ector County--that is Odessa, TX--where  they are using a blended or hybrid in-person and online instruction  model. Ector County ISD began this year with online instruction for  students who have internet access at home and in-person instruction for  those who did not. Of the roughly 33,000 students in the district,  about 4,200 were in the classroom on the first day. And I can assure  you, it is not the only school district in Texas whose students have  difficulty accessing the technology needed to learn from home.   More than 2 million Texas households don't have reliable internet  access, and it is leaving our students on the wrong side of the digital  divide. Internet access is no longer a luxury or just a convenience; it  has become a necessity, and we need to do more to ensure that students  across Texas and across the Nation have access to reliable broadband.   The CARES Act, which we passed in March, provides some relief on this  front. It gave libraries $50 million in grants for digital connection.  The demand for these funds was much higher than was available, and it  became obvious we need to do more to help those who are on the wrong  side of the digital divide.   The Senator from West Virginia, Mr. Manchin, and I teamed up to  include and introduce the ACCESS the Internet Act, which will provide  funding to both the Department of Education and libraries to make  reliable internet a reality.   In addition to supporting virtual learning, this would also make  access to telehealth more available to families. This has really been  one of the most surprising positive developments out of this pandemic,  and that is actually greater access to healthcare through telehealth,  both physical and Mental Health Services on online.   Our bill includes funding for healthcare providers, including the  Department of Veterans Affairs, to get more patients connected so they  can utilize these telehealth services. As we make a push for progress  on the next relief bill, I will continue fighting for resources for our  students and teachers, and that includes reliable access to the  internet.   Despite this August work period looking much different from years  prior, I was still able to connect with tens of thousands of Texans  virtually and over the phone and safely meet many of them in person. As  I traveled, I was able to see how schools, our healthcare facilities,  our food banks, local governments, and more have been able to use the  Federal coronavirus funding provided for in the CARES Act. The feedback  and insight I received was invaluable to my work in the Senate, and it  is more important than ever as we continue negotiations on the next  coronavirus relief bill.   This is going to be a busy month in the Senate. We need to pass  legislation to bolster our response to this virus, support our students  and teachers, help those in need of financial assistance, and ensure  that our healthcare response remains robust.   We are just 3 weeks away from the end of the fiscal year, including a  government shutdown unless we can reach an agreement on a funding bill.  Complicating matters even further, we are at the peak of hurricane  season, which may not seem like as big a deal in DC, but I guarantee,  we have our eyes on these tropical storms in the Gulf of Mexico that  could well end up onshore. Hurricane Hanna, for example, struck South  Texas in July and hit our farmers and producers hard, as well as  flooding out many, many homes and displacing families. A couple of  weeks ago, Hurricane Laura tore through the Gulf of Mexico.   Though the brunt of Laura hit other neighbors in Louisiana, for which  we are very sorry, we are very glad that it did little damage in  Southeast Texas, but it still did some significant damage. I was able  to join the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, and Senator Cruz for a visit  to Orange to survey the damage and speak with local officials about the  impact of the storm. I am committed to providing my constituents in  Texas with the resources needed to recover from whatever this hurricane  season may bring. I will be keeping a close eye on the weather forecast  as we move through what has already been an active hurricane season.   We have a lot of work to do in the next few weeks. Though we weren't  able to make progress on a coronavirus bill in July, I was on almost  virtually daily conference calls with the White House and Secretary  Mnuchin talking about the way forward. I am more optimistic today than  I have been to this point that we will, ultimately, reach an agreement.  I hope my colleagues have also heard from their constituents about how  important relief is and that we can come together at such a critical  point in our fight against COVID-19.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   