 Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman from Colorado for  the time and for her longstanding commitment to public land in her  State and throughout the Nation.   I also want to thank all of the sponsors from California to  Washington who have done tremendous work on the individual titles that  make up the package of bills before us today.   I rise today in strong support of H.R. 2546, Protecting America's  Wilderness Act.   Congress passed the Wilderness Act in 1964 in response to concerns  about population growth and increasing development. The reason for the  act is more pressing now than ever.   Since then, wilderness designations have served as a key tool for  protecting pristine places in their natural state for the benefit of  current and future generations of Americans.   This package truly embodies the spirit of the Wilderness Act,  something that is often dismissed by many of my colleagues across the  aisle. Each title was developed through a multiyear collaborative  process with diverse and locally driven coalitions that have  demonstrated that these places are worthy of protection as wilderness.   They provided abundant recreational opportunities to help support  local economies, teach visitors about our Nation's diverse heritage,  and allow people to find solitude and peace in nature.   They protect some of the last and best refuges for wildlife in the  face of a changing environment and play a vital role in safeguarding  the natural systems that our communities rely on.   As climate change increasingly impacts our natural world, designating  pristine landscapes as wilderness is one of the most important actions  Congress can take in response to the climate crisis.   This bill prioritizes the long-term conservation of large, connected  landscapes that provide clean air, clean water, critical wildlife  habitat, and intact natural systems that enhance community resiliency  to this climate crisis.   It reflects the heart of the Wilderness Act, reminding us of our  dependence on healthy, natural systems and our responsibility to ensure  a sustainable environment for future generations.   It is no surprise that the Trump administration would oppose these  designations, given the single-use mission of the Trump administration,  which is extraction and profit being the only option for our public  lands, while this legislation before us today represents and recognizes  that protection and conservation are public benefits for all Americans.   I encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 2546 and the package of  legislation before us, which will ensure that these wild places are  protected for the benefit of current and future generations.   