 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of our  efforts to defeat this deadly virus. This bill will help people who are  hurting because of this outbreak.   For those from rural districts, like mine, our hospitals cannot  handle the onslaught of patients. Hospitals in my district face a  situation as dire as it has ever been in my 18 years in Congress. The  capacity just isn't there. Before the COVID-19 outbreak, most hospitals  in Alabama's Third Congressional District were operating with less than  a one-third profit margin.   This bill helps those rural hospitals by enabling them to buy central  supplies, build needed infrastructure for broadband and telehealth, and  keep cash flowing so they can remain able to help patients. That is the  good news.   As ranking member of the Committee on Homeland Security, I want to  acknowledge the hardworking personnel of the Department of Homeland  Security. These men and women interact with the public daily, whether  it is Transportation Security Administration, CBP, ICE, or others. They  are putting themselves in harm's way with this deadly contagion. I say  thank you for their dedication to ensuring the safety of our Homeland  Security.   This bill provides DHS with a number of its requests to combat this  deadly virus, and I am thankful for that. But for some reason, we  couldn't see fit to provide the full amount requested by Customs and  Border Protection and Immigration and Customs Enforcement to deal with  this virus. There isn't any dedicated money to purchase personnel  equipment for CBP, for example, or ICE. These professionals work face- to-face with migrants and they deserve better.   This won't be the last time Congress has to act to mitigate the  impact of this virus on America. I thank President Trump for his  leadership, and the willingness of Republicans and Democrats to come  together to put America's needs first.   There will be the need for more help; there will be the need for more  legislation; but, for the time being, this piece of legislation must  pass, and I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes.''   