 Mr. President, before joining with my colleagues in an  important colloquy, concerning the Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020, I  want to applaud Senator Grassley's tireless efforts that spanned years  of bipartisan work to establish the first whistleblower reward program  at the Department of the Treasury's Financial Crimes Enforcement  Network.   Mr. Grassley. Mr. President, I would like to thank Chairman Crapo and  Ranking Member Brown for their work on the Anti-Money Laundering Act of  2020 division contained in this year's NDAA conference report,  including the important new whistleblower protections provided in the  measure. These whistleblower protections that all three of us agreed  upon, were modelled after successful programs that were created through  the Dodd Frank Act for the Securities and Exchange Commission and the  Commodity's and Exchange Commission. One key feature that makes these  programs successful is that whistleblowers are guaranteed a minimum of  10 percent in awards for qualifying disclosures. These rewards cost  taxpayers nothing because they are paid from fines and other monies  collected as a result of the whistleblower's disclosures. To ensure  whistleblowers always receive the money owed, both the SEC and CFTC, as  well our original amendment to the NDAA, created a special fund that  would be filled by the fines collected and then used to pay  whistleblower awards. With that, I will be happy to begin the colloquy.   Chairman Crapo, can you please describe your intent with respect to  changes made in the whistleblower provisions in the conference  agreement?    Certainly. The NDAA conference agreement provides for  whistleblower rewards with a 30 percent maximum of certain monies  collected in cases involving Bank Secrecy Act violations, but provides  for no explicit minimum award requirement.   The conferees agreed that updating the Bank Secrecy Act's  whistleblower incentives and protections was necessary to protect  individuals who provide original information which leads to any  successful judicial or administrative Bank Secrecy Act action brought  by the Secretary of the Treasury or Attorney General and results in  monetary sanctions exceeding $1,000,000.   To accomplish this and to avoid any direct spending complications,  our intention is to authorize necessary resources and work with  appropriators and the administration to ensure that necessary funding  be made available on an ongoing basis, that is effectively offset by  BSA penalties imposed in these cases. Such funding will enable the  Secretary to provide, subject to available funds, substantial  whistleblower awards based upon monetary penalties recovered in those  whistleblower cases.   It was always the intent of the conferees that these awards to  individual whistleblowers are important and justified and that they be  substantial, such that both a minimum and maximum percentage of such  monetary sanction was contemplated. In this case, it is the intent of  the conferees, in addition to the conference report providing for the  stated maximum 30 percent award, to provide for a 10 prcent minimum  award, as both reasonable and sensible.   Finally, it is the intent of the conferees that no such award should  be made available to either employees of the Treasury Department, the  Department of Justice, or covered law enforcement agencies, if the  original information that led to the successful enforcement action is  acquired acting in the normal course of their job duties.   We will work with Senator Grassley and with administration officials  to provide for robust minimum awards which meet the 10 percent  threshold wherever appropriate. We will work with the Senator in the  next Congress to draft legislation that addresses the important  concerns he has raised.   Does Senator Brown agree?   