 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I want to talk today about Black History  Month and, specifically, about Black History Month and baseball. This  month marks the 100th anniversary of the founding of the first  successful, organized league for professional African-American baseball  players.   On February 13, 1920, a group of eight midwestern team owners got  together at the Paseo YMCA in Kansas City, MO, to form the Negro  National League. Before then, these African-American teams had a lot of  great players. They barnstormed around the country. They played sort of  whomever they could and whenever they could. But in 1920, these eight  owners got together and decided that everybody would benefit with more  structure in the league, and they established a league to see that we  got that structure.   In the first 10 years of the league, the Kansas City Monarchs won the  pennant four times. As the league thrived, other leagues were formed  for African-American players in the South and in the East. Over the  years, some of the greatest players in baseball played in the Negro  leagues. Jackie Robinson, Satchel Paige, and Kansas City's own Buck  O'Neil played there. There were many others we would recognize who  [[Page S1170]]  then became part of the major leagues following Jackie Robinson.   There are lots of players you will learn a lot about at the Negro  Leagues Baseball Museum in Kansas City. The Negro Leagues Baseball  Museum in Kansas City tells this story and tells it well. They don't  just tell the story of African-American organized baseball, but they  really tell the story of a thriving community beyond that, which is an  important part of our legacy.   Obviously, a more important part of our legacy is to bring everybody  together, but in those years, around the time the Negro leagues were  formed, African-American communities in arts and entertainment and in  businesses were significant. Part of that story is told there as well.   The 100th anniversary of the founding of the Negro leagues is an  opportunity for us to talk about that. These leagues had great talent.  In fact, the Pittsburgh Grays would play here in Washington half of the  time. Half of their games--their so-called home games--they played in  Washington at Griffith Stadium, where the Washington Senators played. I  don't think there is any argument that when the Grays played here--the  African-American team, the Negro leagues team played here--there was a  greater crowd than there was when the Senators played, and there was  better baseball. These were great and exciting times in baseball. I  think that is well told at the museum.    Tim Kaine, a Kansas Citian who now represents Virginia in Congress,  and I are working together to commemorate the centennial of the Negro  Leagues with the minting of a new coin by the Treasury. We are joined  over in the House by Congressman Emanuel Cleaver, from Kansas City in  my State of Missouri, and Congressman   Steve Stivers from Ohio.   The way the minting of this coin works, of course, is that there is  no cost to the taxpayers. You print a coin. Congress decides that this  is an issue worthy of recognizing, and you mint the coin. I think I  said print. Mint is more accurate. Once all of the costs of minting  those coins have been met--and there is no taxpayer cost--then the  money goes to the recipient organization from that point on. There  would be a gold coin and a silver coin and a bronze coin at different  levels available for people to buy.   Now, 75 of our Senate colleagues, including the Presiding Officer and  me, have cosponsored this legislation. I think we will get it passed  very soon. With any luck, we might even pass it right here in the next  day or so during Black History Month.   I want to recognize Bob Kendrick, the president of the Negro Leagues  Baseball Museum, for his support in encouraging us to see if we could  make this coin a reality and all that he and his board have done to  preserve the history of Negro leagues baseball.   I have been certainly glad to take my son Charlie to the museum. I go  there with some frequency. A few years ago, I encouraged Major League  Baseball to have an event there when they were having the All-Star Game  in Kansas City. I don't think there was a player who went to that event  at the Negro Leagues Baseball Museum who wasn't both impressed and  touched by what they saw there. It is an important part of our history.   Another part of our history that very closely relates to this is  something I will be a part of later this afternoon. Congressman   David  Trone of Maryland, over on the House side, and I, along with Senator  Durbin and Congressman Clay from St. Louis and Congresswoman Wagner  from St. Louis, are sending a letter to the Baseball Hall of Fame  telling them that they need to include Curt Flood in the Baseball Hall  of Fame.   Curt Flood was a great player and should be part of the Baseball Hall  of Fame just on his playing skills alone. He played with the Cardinals  most of his entire career--7 consecutive years. That included two World  Series pennants in 1964 and 1967. He won seven Gold Gloves in those 7  years and was designated the best center fielder in the National  League.   I remember that team well. We were Cardinals fans in my house. In the  late 1950s and early 1960s, you didn't have many sports on TV. We  listened to virtually every Cardinals game we could hear on the radio.  My mom and dad were dairy farmers. I remember being out hauling hay at  night, and whoever was driving the truck should have been almost deaf  because if there was a Cardinals game going on, the radio would be as  loud as it possibly could be so those of us out tossing the bales on  the hay truck could hear the Cardinals game.   I also remember--and I checked myself yesterday to be sure I was  accurate--but on that Curt Flood team, that 1964 team, it was Bill  White at first base; Julian Javier at second base, Dick Groat, short  stop; Ken Boyer, third base, and Tim McCarver catching. Most of the  time, and always if available, Bob Gibson was pitching. In the outfield  was Lou Brock--the great Lou Brock. Curt Flood was in center field, and  Mike Shannon in right field. By the way, Mike Shannon still announces  the Cardinals games on the radio and occasionally on television.   It was a great team, and Curt Flood was an important part of that  team. Frankly, he should be in the Hall of Fame just because of that-- the two World Series, Most Valuable Player, the best center fielder in  baseball, at least in the National League, for 7 years straight.   In late 1969, the Cardinals decided they were going to trade Curt  Flood to the Phillies. I don't think Curt Flood necessarily had  anything against the Phillies, but he didn't want to be traded against  his will. So he wrote a letter to the commissioner of baseball. In that  letter he said: ``After 12 years in the Major Leagues, I do not feel  that I am a piece of property to be bought and sold irrespective of my  wishes.'' That began the challenge of the reserve clause in baseball.  Maybe it is particularly significant here in Black History Month that  an African-American player was the one who challenged the reserve  clause.   With the reserve clause in baseball, you would play for your team's  owner as long as you wanted to play unless your team's owner decided  you would play for someone else. Then you would play for that person as  long as they wanted you to play, unless you decided you didn't want to  play baseball anymore.   It was Curt Flood who challenged that. He lost his Supreme Court  case. It was a 5-to-4 loss in the Supreme Court. But it didn't take too  many years before not only was the reserve clause reversed but Curt  Flood was recognized in Federal legislation.   There is a copy of that single-page letter filed as part of the 1970  case at the Hall of Fame at Cooperstown. If there is a copy of Curt  Flood's letter in the Hall of Fame, then, Curt Flood should be in the  Hall of Fame.   I hope those looking back at what is called the golden years of  baseball look at players who didn't get into the Hall of Fame, take our  advice, look at Curt Flood, look at the difference he has made for  players playing the game today, and put him in the Hall of Fame.   I yield back.   