 Madam Speaker, I thank Ms. Scanlon for yielding, and I  rise in support of H. Res. 1153.   First of all, let me say to my colleague from Georgia, I was there on  that trip and I was not aware that the hospital administrator was  offering to meet with us. I was meeting with the people that would want  to meet with me and would want to talk to me. As a matter of fact, I  had a lot of discussions with a lot of members of ICE while I was  there.   As a member of the Committee on Homeland Security, I have visited a  number of ICE detention centers, especially in the State of California.  But I must say nothing has prepared me or had prepared me for what I  had found, what I saw and what I heard at the Irwin Detention Center.   This was the first time that I have heard individuals in ICE custody  desperate to be let out--anywhere--to get out. Women crying, asking not  to be left alone. They cried that we--please not forget us--don't  forget them.   And yet, their stories had one very common theme. When asking for  medical care, when asking for gynecological care, the care they  received was without their consent and they had no idea what was going  on, what they were doing to them.  [[Page H5130]]    The medical doctor that was delivering the healthcare--and I believe  my colleague from Georgia mentioned his name--is a doctor that has  allegedly been fined half a million dollars. He and his medical  practice paid half a million dollars in fines.   So I would ask, why does the U.S. Government, why would ICE, contract  with a healthcare provider that has been fined half a million dollars?   And if these women complained about their medical problems, they were  placed in what was called isolation for observation. Many of them  described it as solitary confinement for days. Solitary confinement  that caused psychological pain. These women were scared. They were  traumatized, they were scared to ask for further medical treatment and  they wanted to be sent home.    Madam Speaker, first, we had child separations. Now we  have mistreatment of women. This has to stop.   We need investigations. We need oversight. We need accountability.  This is not going away.   Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague, Ms. Jayapal, for bringing this  resolution forward, and I ask all the Members of this body to support  this resolution.   