 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, the minority  leader is requesting to move to legislation after having repeatedly,  this week, requested and asked for votes to adjourn multiple times-- leave town. Now, all of a sudden, he wants to legislate.   I think there is a serious question about the sincerity of the  minority leader's request here. And, frankly, to his point, the U.S.  Senate has now twice--and most recently this week, on Tuesday--Tuesday  this week--voted on legislation that would do all the things that he  says that he wants to do: Help people who are unemployed; we voted on a  bill that had unemployment insurance for people who are unemployed.  Help small businesses; we had a bipartisan agreement on the Paycheck  Protection Program to provide assistance to small businesses, and that  was blocked by the Democrats earlier this week. It had money in there,  resources on a bipartisan, agreed-upon objective, and that is more  money, more resources, for schools and universities to open safely-- $100 billion in there for schools to open safely. They blocked it. They  objected.   It had money in there for farmers, something that is important to the  Presiding Officer and to me as well. They blocked it.   It had money in there for the Postal Service, something that his side  has been saying repeatedly we need to address. They blocked it. We had  that vote this week.   We have taken up legislation exactly along the lines of what the  Democratic  [[Page S6422]]  leader is asking for, and they have consistently blocked it.   And then to say: Well, let's adjourn; we have had multiple votes on  adjourning. This isn't serious, and he knows it. This is all about  politics. This is a bogus issue to detract the Senate from the work at  hand, which is to confirm a well-qualified judge to the Supreme Court,  who had a ``well qualified'' recommendation from the American Bar  Association, which the Democratic leader in the past has said is the  gold standard--the gold standard when it comes to processing and  considering judicial nominations. So let's see this for what it is,  call it out for what it is.   And the bill he is calling up, by the way, from the House of  Representatives, if you look at all the stuff it has in it--and this is  the all-or-nothing approach that they are advocating right now--tax  cuts for Manhattan millionaires? They are always complaining about tax  cuts for the rich. This is tax cuts for millionaires in New York and  California. Blue State bailouts for his State of New York. Think about  that. Is that really what the American people think we ought to be  voting on right now when they are unemployed, small businesses need  help?   And that is the other thing. The bill he is calling up--trying to  call up right now has no assistance in there for the PPP program, the  very program that everybody around the country has said has provided  enormous assistance to small businesses, kept them in business, and  there are other businesses who need that help. He talked about wanting  to help businesses that are going out of business. Well, that bill that  he is trying to call up right now doesn't include assistance for small  businesses.   So, anyway, this is clearly an attempt to detract the Senate from the  work at hand, which is to consider a very well-qualified nominee to the  U.S. Supreme Court--one of the Senate's most important constitutional  duties and responsibilities, and we intend to stay focused on that.   And if the leader is genuinely interested, he could let us get on the  bill that we tried to call up earlier this week that deals with all the  coronavirus relief issues that he mentioned earlier, all of which are  bipartisan issues--every single one of them on that list. But that  isn't what this is about. This is about politics.   So, Mr. President, I object.    Mr. President, if I could just make one quick observation  here, first off, the funding that was provided in the Republican bill  wasn't inconsequential. It was $650 billion.   And to the Democratic leader's point about the people in this country  want what is now a $2.4 trillion bill--boy, I can tell you, I haven't  seen that anywhere, and maybe there is some polling out there that  indicates that. But I think if you ask the question: Would you want to  spend $2.4 trillion dollars if you knew you were borrowing it from your  children and grandchildren, you might get a different answer.   And the truth of the matter is, we have gone $3.5 trillion--all  borrowed money, all added to the debt--already to address coronavirus  relief.   That being said, we did bring a bill up that was another $650  billion, and the Democrats blocked it. Why? Because it didn't spend  enough, and they didn't think it spent enough on the things that they  thought it ought to spend money on.   Well, if that is the debate, let's get on our bill. Let's start at  the $650 billion base level, and they can offer amendments to increase  funding.   By the way, we did have funding in there for testing and vaccines-- significant amounts of money negotiated by Lamar Alexander, the  chairman of the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee. But  if that is what they want to do, then let's start there, and then they  can have an opportunity to debate it and offer amendments, but they  have blocked even getting on the bill--not the bill itself, even  debating it.   So when he says: We want to have a debate, we could have had a  debate. All they had to do was let us get on the bill, and then we  could be offering up and debating and discussing these various  amendments that they want to offer   But I would argue that all the things that our bill includes are  things that are important to the American people. It was a targeted  bill. It was a fiscally responsible bill. And, yes, it got 52 out of 53  Republicans to vote for it--not a single Democrat. Why? Because the  Democrats have an all-or-nothing approach, and they want to hold this  process hostage to get a leftwing agenda of items included in the  legislation, many of which--many of which have no relationship  whatsoever to the coronavirus.   So the leader's point--and, by the way, with respect to the judge,  yes, Judge Barrett is, I think, everything that the American people  want to see in a Supreme Court Justice. And for him to get up here and  say that she doesn't have views that are supported by the American  people, I don't understand exactly that argument because my  understanding of what a judge is supposed to do is to take the facts of  the case, apply the law, apply the Constitution in an impartial way,  and apply those as written--not to try and get some perceived outcome  or result or policy preference. That is not what judges do.  [[Page S6423]]    What you heard him say is exactly why we have a difference of opinion  about the judiciary in this country because they view the judiciary as  an auxiliary legislature where you go to get outcomes and results that  you can't get through the two political branches of our Government.   Well, that is not what the judiciary is. The judiciary is supposed to  be independent. It is supposed to be a fair arbiter--it calls balls and  strikes and doesn't try and step on the scales or write the rules of  the game. That is what a judge is supposed to be.   So they don't like this Justice or this judge, I should say-- hopefully, soon to be Justice--because they think she is going to rule  a certain way on particular cases, and they have no idea about that.   I mean, think about it. The same argument has been made against  Republican nominees to the Supreme Court, literally, for the last 30 or  40 years. Every single time a Republican President nominates an  individual to the Supreme Court, the Democrats and the left get up and  say: They are going to cut healthcare. They are going to destroy  healthcare. They were saying that about Justices on the Supreme Court  that vote with their wing more than anybody else. They said that about  Chief Justice Roberts. He was going to kill healthcare. He was going to  destroy healthcare for millions of Americans.   He cast the deciding vote to uphold the Affordable Care Act,  otherwise known as ObamaCare.   So they don't know what a judge is going to do. But I know what she  is going to do because she has proven it as a judge on the appellate  circuit, the Seventh Circuit, as an academic, in her writings, that she  believes the role of a judge is to take the facts of a case, apply the  law, apply the Constitution, as written, impartially, and to render a  decision.   That, to me, is what I think every American believes we ought to have  in a Supreme Court Justice. So, yes, this may be fair game for them to  come down here and offer up all these motions that we are going to hear  repetitively today, none of which has anything to do with the issues  that they are going to say they want to talk about but everything to do  with the fact that we are considering an incredibly well-qualified--not  by my opinion but by everybody who has ever worked with her, including  the dean of the Notre Dame Law School who hired her, the ABA--the  American Bar Association--which passes judgment on all these nominees,  her colleagues on the Seventh Circuit, staff, everybody this person has  ever interacted with, stellar recommendations. This is an incredibly  qualified individual and somebody, by the way, who I think can be  relatable to the American people because she deals with the same issues  that all Americans do, trying to raise seven kids. Imagine that.   Imagine trying to organize her schedule around seven kids, continue  to be a professional, and do exceptional work.   She is highly qualified, a ``towering intellect,'' she has been  described by her colleagues.   So that is what this is about. It is about trying to block a well- qualified Justice to the Supreme Court simply because they don't like  the process. And I understand that, but this is a constitutional  process. This is a vacancy.   The Constitution doesn't follow the political calendar when it comes  to filling vacancies, and, as you heard Leader McConnell point out  earlier today, precedent on this issue, on confirming a nominee by a  President to a vacancy created in an election year, the precedent falls  all one way, if you go back throughout history.   So just so people know, every time they get up and offer a unanimous  consent request to call up a piece of legislation, it has nothing to do  with the legislation, because they have already moved to adjourn  multiple times this week, meaning they want to get out of town. They  don't want anything to do with this Supreme Court. So they are going to  get up and say Republicans are blocking this or that. As I pointed out,  the first one that was offered was a bill to deal with the coronavirus  and provide relief to people across this country, which, by the way, we  just voted on 2 days ago--3 days ago here in the U.S. Senate. They  blocked even getting on the bill--not considering the substance of it,  which, by the way, as I said, includes a lot of bipartisan objectives  and priorities; they blocked even considering.   So that is what this is about, and I expect that is what we are going  to hear today, tomorrow, and the next day, but it is not going to deter  us from the important work we have at hand.   I yield the floor.   