 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, this bill, H.R. 1418, has 51 cosponsors in the House: 26  Democrats, 25 Republicans. It is endorsed by 23 national organizations,  including Consumer Reports, which estimates it will save consumers  billions of dollars a year in health insurance costs, other consumer  rights groups, the American Dental Association, Hospital Association,  and more.   There are only two for-profit industries in America that have an  exemption from antitrust law: One is professional baseball, dating from  the 1920s, and the other is the vital area of health insurance, dating  to the 1940s. This bill will take away that exemption.   What does that mean? Well, right now, insurance companies can and do  get together and collude. Before COVID, they would go to some fancy  resorts, get together, and say: How about you stay out of North Dakota;  we will stay out of South Dakota? You stay out of Oregon; we will stay  out of Washington. Let's divide up the pie here. You decide where you  are selling, and we will decide where we are selling. Oh, and by the  way, here are the things we don't want to cover. Here are the people we  want to redline and exclude.   That is all legal. That is all legal.   What does it do? It drives up the cost and the availability is  diminished for Americans. And now here we are in the midst of COVID and  the estimates are that 5 million people have lost their health  insurance during COVID--5 million people--yet, last year, the health  insurance industry made an eye-popping $33 billion in profits. This  year, the reports are they are doing even better, with more and more  people uninsured.    How are they doing that? Well, they are jacking up copays. They are  jacking up deductibles. They are excluding all sorts of treatments from  coverage. And it is all legal, and they can all get together and say:  Hey, if you won't cover this, we won't cover it. That way we won't lose  customers; you won't lose customers.   What a sweet deal. What a sweet deal.   Well, one in four Americans hesitated to go to the doctor--people who  were insured--or to fill a prescription, get needed treatment because  of the extraordinary copays and high deductibles. So a lot of people  are paying 2,000, 3,000, 4,000, 5,000 bucks before they get any  coverage on these so-called policies.   What is this about? It is about greed. And it is time to end.   This is a vital service for the American people. This bill was part  of the original Affordable Care Act in the House--my provision. It was  stripped  [[Page H4573]]  out in the Senate at the behest of a former insurance executive--good  old Senate--so it didn't get into the final version of ACA. They took  out a lot of other good things, too. The House bill was way preferable  with national exchanges, not-for-profit, et cetera. But, in any case,  it was stripped out.   So the House held another vote after the passage of the Affordable  Care Act in 2010. Tom Perriello, then-Representative for Virginia,  offered my bill on the floor and it passed by 406-19.   What kind of bills pass 406-19?   And then my colead on the bill, Representative Gosar, introduced the  bill in 2017, and it passed 416-7 in the most bitterly partisan  atmosphere in Congress since post-Civil War--416-7.   It is time to get this done.   Finally, we are seeing some action in the Senate. Senator Leahy has  introduced a bill, ranking member of the Committee on the Judiciary,  and Senator Daines. So there are three Democrats, three Republicans on  the bill. Hopefully, the Senate will see the wisdom in helping  Americans afford health insurance, lowering their deductibles, lowering  their copays, lowering their exclusions on prescription drugs.   Mr. Speaker, even under Medicare part D, they are always jacking  people around: Oh, sorry, you can't have that medication anymore. We  just took it off the list last week.   They can do it any time they want. And they can talk to the other  insurers, and say: Hey, we are taking that drug off our list. Will you  take it off your list, because we don't want people to switch to your  plan.   That is all legal now.   Mr. Speaker, after this bill passes, it will no longer be legal. This  will be a tremendous service to the American people at any time in  history, but particularly now in times of COVID and crisis.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   