 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I served with the gentleman's father for 9 years, and I  certainly understand the pain that was reflected in his voice in those  remarks.   This is a commonsense bill. When a practitioner encounters a  correctable lesion at the time of a screening colonoscopy, the curative  procedure should be able to be undertaken without the worry of a  patient waking up to an unintended charge.   The other thing that crosses my mind as we sit here now, hopefully,  on the downside of the pandemic is how many people have not proceeded  with the screening procedure because of concern about going to a  facility during the time of the coronavirus. And it is incumbent upon  us as policymakers to ensure that people do understand the importance  of undertaking these screenings and removing any obstacles that would  prevent someone from having a potentially lifesaving screening  procedure done.   Further, Mr. Speaker, if I could, many people today have reflected on  the time of service of Mr. Walden, who is retiring at the end of this  Congress, and we will all miss him a great deal. As I have listened to  several of the speakers give testimony to Mr. Walden's leadership on  the committee, I am just reminded of so many times, both good times and  rough times. We served together on the majority and the minority for a  number of years on the Committee on Energy and Commerce.   The country can look to things like the last 10-year reauthorization  of the State Children's Health Insurance Program and thank Mr. Walden  for the vision of getting that enacted. Certainly, the SUPPORT Act in  the last Congress, starting with Member Day in the committee and  culminating with the signing ceremony in the White House literally 12  months later.   These were some of the significant accomplishments of then-Chairman  Walden, now Ranking Member Walden. He has left a rich legacy in this  Congress, and we are all very much in his debt, and we will miss him  terribly in the Congresses to come. I thank the gentleman for his  indulgence.   Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this bill, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for the recognition.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7898, once again, to clarify  the enforcement and investigative authorities of the inspector general  at the Department of Health and Human Services with respect to health  record information blocking.   In 2016, as has been stated, Congress passed the bipartisan 21st  Century Cures Act with the goal of closing the gap between innovation  and our Nation's regulatory process. Throughout the drafting of Cures,  I made it a priority to address important health information technology  issues, including interoperability and the prevention of information  blocking.   I am a physician, but I am also a patient, and I am acutely aware of  the frustrations surrounding the difficulty of a patient accessing  their medical records. Patients should control their own medical data.  Yet, if a patient and their doctor have difficulty in accessing  electronic health records, the patient's care may suffer.   In the Cures bill, Congress provided the tools necessary for doctors  and patients to better coordinate their care through the sharing of  patient data.    The Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information  Technology promulgated a rule that outlines what is permissible. This  rule,  [[Page H7090]]  which was finalized this past May, aims to allow patients to seamlessly  access their electronic health information.   This bill, H.R. 7898, is needed in order to ensure that there is a  smooth and effective implementation and to allow for the inspector  general of the Department of Health and Human Services to enforce this  rule.   In the context of this coronavirus pandemic, I think we have all seen  the importance of allowing the efficient flow of a patient's medical  records so that patients and their doctors can have informed  conversations about their care plans.   Also of importance is ensuring patient privacy and ensuring that it  is protected and that information is secure. H.R. 7898 builds on the  sections of the 21st Century Cures Act and encourages healthcare  entities to adopt strong cybersecurity practices, which are essential  in protecting patient data from bad actors.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Finally, I would like to point to the bipartisan, bicameral support  of H.R. 7898, which was included in title V of the Lower Health Care  Costs package in the Senate. We have both Chambers and both parties  coming to an agreement, and that is a positive sign. It certainly  indicates the importance of this legislation.   It is for these reasons that I encourage Members to vote in favor of  H.R. 7898. Again, I thank the ranking member for his years of  friendship and service to the committee.   