 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, the Senate will soon acknowledge a  moment of silence for the 150,000 Americans who have now died from  COVID-19--more lives than our country lost in World War I. This  national tragedy is more keenly felt because it has not and cannot be  properly mourned. One of the most devastating consequences of this  disease is that it keeps us apart even in death. There is no final  clutching of the hand of a loved one, no funeral to remember one by.  Grandchildren, wrapped in protective gear, wave goodbye from across the  hospital room. There are 150,000 Americans who have died, which is more  than in any other nation on God's green Earth--more than of our allies  and more than of our adversaries, more than in the most populous  nations, more than in those with mere fractions of our wealth and  power, and more--so many more--than in the nation from which this virus  originated.   We will debate the reasons for this ugly truth--we must--if we are to  avoid compounding our errors and heaping sorrow upon sorrow as the  [[Page S4601]]  virus continues to rage throughout our country. Yet now we spend a  moment to acknowledge how much our country has suffered already.   We have lost friends and neighbors, brothers and sisters, fathers and  daughters, mothers and sons, a beloved professor at Howard University,  a civil rights pioneer, and a renowned psychiatrist. We have lost a  Brooklyn doctor, at 62, on the verge of retirement, who in the early  weeks of the crisis in New York, worked day shifts at the ICU and night  shifts at the Hospital Center across the street before finally  succumbing to the disease himself. We have lost so many in so short a  time. Unable to grieve them in the manner they deserve, we respect this  moment of silence, this moment of sorrow.   I ask unanimous consent that there be a moment of silence to  recognize the more than 150,000 American deaths from the novel  coronavirus.    Madam President, in reserving the right to object, let's  talk about how we got here.   For over 3 months, our Republican colleagues have dithered, dallied,  and not taken seriously the most enormous health crisis we have had in  100 years and the most enormous economic crisis we have had in 75  years. Now, all of a sudden, in the last day or two, they see the  cliff. There are many cliffs, but they see the cliff of unemployment  insurance running out.   We have been asking them to negotiate on this for a very long time.  We have had nothing. Speaker Pelosi and I asked Leader McConnell to sit  down with us almost a month ago, and he would not. So we got here  because our Republican colleagues couldn't get their act together. They  still don't have their act together, and now they are worried. Yet,  instead of being serious about negotiating, they have created a stunt,  which shows how unserious the Republicans are at coming to an  agreement.  [[Page S4609]]    I dare say, if this bill were voted on by the floor, a large number  of Republicans--perhaps a majority--would vote against it. It would  fail in the Senate by a large margin and would never pass the House.   Instead of engaging in this stunt of trying to get the heat of  America off their backs, they ought to do something real, which is to  sit down and seriously negotiate with the Democrats about this issue.   This proposal, amazingly enough, is even stingier than the one the  Republicans introduced a few days ago. Instead of giving workers who  lost their jobs through no fault of their own a 30-percent pay cut,  they give them a 33-percent pay cut. It is just so wrong, and if you  look at all of the data, it has been rejected by the American people.   My colleague from Indiana says--and I know he is sincere--you can't  solve this problem through the government. I have news for you. When  you have the greatest economic crisis in 75 years and the greatest  health crisis in 100 years, the private sector cannot solve this  problem. That is one of the reasons you guys are all tied in a knot-- you must have the government get involved, and you don't want to do  that.   I hear my friend from Florida talk about the deficit. Well, that  didn't matter when we passed a $1.5 trillion tax break for the  wealthiest people and the biggest corporations in America. The deficit  didn't matter then, but when it is helping working people who have lost  their jobs, when it is helping small businesses get on their feet, when  it is helping to feed children, when it is helping to keep people in  their homes and apartments, then we hear about the deficit.   Let me tell you what is wrong with this proposal. There are two basic  reasons.   One, it doesn't work on its own. As I said, No. 1, it is even  stingier than the original proposal. They are moving backward--our  Republican friends are--and they are giving workers an even greater pay  cut than they had before.   Second, the pandemic unemployment insurance has kept millions out of  poverty. We all work to keep people out of poverty. This has worked. If  we cut it back, it is estimated that millions will fall back into  poverty and that millions will go in it.   The third is one of the few things we hear about to get the economy  going. If you talk to our economists--liberal and conservative--they  will tell you the No. 1 thing preventing the economy from getting worse  is consumer spending. This bill puts money in people's pockets, and  they spend it. Even conservative economists say it is very much needed  to get the economy going.   Fourth, it can't work. We have called a whole bunch of State  governments and State unemployment offices. They cannot implement this  plan immediately, and many say it would take months. I know that the  Senator from Wisconsin has given States an option of cutting the thing  to $200 or getting 67 percent. Many States say they will never be able  to implement the 67-percent part and that people will be stuck with  that big cut.   The main point on that is that many States will not be able to  implement this new plan for weeks or even months, and people will not  have their money.   So the No. 1 thing that is wrong with this proposal is that, just on  the merits itself, it fails by giving a big pay cut, by pushing more  people into poverty, by taking money out of our economy that consumers  can spend, and because it is fundamentally unworkable.   There is another reason. We have a lot of problems.   In a few minutes, I, the Senator from Oregon, and the Senator from  Michigan will ask unanimous consent to pass the Heroes Act.   We have a lot of cliffs. As of Thursday, hundreds of thousands--and  soon millions--could be evicted from their apartments. This bill does  nothing about that cliff.   As of this week--and next week's being a new month--State and local  governments will be running out of money. Already, 1.5 million State  and local workers have been laid off, and more will be laid off. That  is a cliff. What are we doing about that?   Testing. If you go to any place in America, including the three  States we are talking about here, people have to wait days and weeks  for their test results, and some don't even ever get their test results  back.   We are not going to solve this problem until we solve the coronavirus  problem. We all know that President Trump and this administration have  failed on testing. Almost every other Western country that has dealt  with this issue--in Western Europe or East Asia--is way ahead of us. We  should be ashamed. We have a President who has dithered and has not  taken seriously the testing regime. The Heroes Act fixes that problem,  and we are not going to fix our economy until we fix the healthcare  problem, my friends.   The Heroes Act does many, many other things, like getting people back  to school, not like Donald Trump does in pushing people back to school  even if it is not safe. Well, remember what he did in Arizona? in  Texas? in Florida? He pushed the State Governors to get people back.  Now look at what has happened. The same thing will happen in the  schools if we are not careful. We have help there, which my good friend  from Wisconsin's bill doesn't even mention. That is another cliff.   We have a month before school starts, and this bill--skinny or  stingy--is not up to the moment. It is not even close to being up to  the moment.   It is amazing that we have such a crisis in America and that our  Republican friends in the Senate and the White House and the House  cannot even face up to the problem. They are obsessed with saying we  shouldn't spend any money. Well, believe me, if we don't spend any  money, things will get worse, and we will have to spend more later.   This is the dilemma we are in because of COVID. It is no one's fault,  but that is the dilemma we are in, and it is being made so much worse  by this President. We don't hear a peep from the other side about how  the President has messed this up. Instead, we get this stunt to try to  show they want to do something that they know won't pass and know won't  solve the problem.   So I am going to offer a unanimous consent request in a few minutes  to pass the Heroes Act, which has already passed the House, so it would  do some real good. It covers all the areas I mentioned and does a far  better job at dealing with the unemployment situation than my good  friend from Wisconsin's bill.   I object.    Madam President, first, before I do my UC, I would  remind my good friend--I remind myself  [[Page S4610]]  to take off my mask--I would remind my good friend that it took us 10  years to get out of the crisis of 2008. Unemployment stayed high. Job  numbers stayed high. Looking at 2008 as a model for recovery is not  anything anyone would want to do.   In a few minutes, I am going to offer the Heroes Act as a unanimous  consent alternative, and I mentioned before the many things it does.  But let me just say in the larger sense, we have an enormous crisis in  America. We have higher unemployment than we have ever had since the  Depression. Today, the 150,000th death was recorded. Thus far, the  Trump administration, followed by the Republican Senate, has been an  abject failure at dealing with that crisis.   It would have been much better if the President had done what chiefs  of state in Europe and Asia did--stepped up to the plate, implemented  testing, and put adequate money in people's pockets. We might be more  on the road to recovery, like those other countries are.   Aren't my Republican friends ashamed that Europe and Asia did better  than us, the greatest country in the world? And do you know why?  Because of the very philosophy my colleagues have mentioned--don't  spend any money, and, in President Trump's view, ignore the crisis. It  will go away when the weather gets warm. Everyone has testing, he said,  back in March.   We Democrats feel the pain in America. We feel the pain of people who  have lost their jobs through no fault of their own. We feel the pain of  small business people who have struggled to build their businesses for  decades--my dad was a small business man--and then they lose those  businesses. We feel the pain of parents who can't feed their kids. We  feel the pain of moms and dads who are worried about whether they can  send their kids back to school safely. We feel the pain of people when  they get tested and they have to wait days, weeks to get a result, when  the test means nothing.   Our responsibility as Democrats and Republicans is to get something  done, something real--not a stunt, not something stingy, and not  something that is so narrow, it only deals with one aspect of the  problem, inadequately at that. That is why we are offering the Heroes  Act. It is not perfect. There are a few things some people might add.  But it is a heck of a lot better to meet this crisis than what we have  seen from our Republican friends--a bill that, as I said, moves  backward, is stingy, and probably wouldn't get the support of a  majority of Republicans if it were put on the floor, let alone any of  us.   Of course we have to do something. The Heroes Act is the right thing  to do. But I want to make one prediction for everyone who is worried  about the future here. If the past is prologue, something very close to  the Heroes Act will be enacted. Look at COVID 2, COVID 3, and COVID  3.5. In each case, the initial Republican reaction was similar to the  reaction we have heard this morning: Can't do it. We will dare the  Democrats to block us.   It didn't work. The public was on our side. But more importantly,  once the Republicans showed they couldn't bully anybody and couldn't  put a proposal on the floor, an inadequate bill, and pass it, they came  to the table and negotiated.   We are still waiting for Leader McConnell to go into that room with  Mnuchin and Meadows and Pelosi and me. We are waiting for our  Republican Senate colleagues to come up with a coherent plan that can  get their support. We are still waiting for the President to understand  the gravity of this situation and do something about it, for God's  sake.   I believe, if this is objected to, within a little while, our  Republican friends will feel the pressure from their constituents and  from national media to realize that they have to come and negotiate in  good faith on a bold, strong, comprehensive bill that will pass.   Before I ask consent for the Heroes Act, I will yield first to my  colleague from Oregon and then to my colleague from Michigan    Madam President, just two quick things on what President  Trump said today. I know my colleague from Oregon brought it up--the  idea that, once again, all he wants to do is divert from his abject  failure on the coronavirus crisis. He says: Oh, well, maybe we will not  have an election.   That is up to the Senate and the House, Mr. President. President  Trump, the election will be in November, on November 3, and you will  not change it. Stop diverting attention, President Trump. That is what  you have done for 3 months as more people get sick, as more people get  unemployed, as we see the numbers we saw today.   Instead of focusing on all these crazy, egotistical, and wrong-headed  ideas, focus on COVID-19, focus on testing, focus on unemployment,  focus on getting the kids back to school, focus on the many problems we  face and understand the moment and largeness of this crisis. I say that  to President Trump, and I say that to my Republican colleagues.   We are waiting. We are waiting for you to get your act together and  understand the depth of this crisis, the breadth of this crisis, and do  something real--not a stunt.   Madam President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous  consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of  Calendar No. 455, H.R.  [[Page S4612]]  6800, the Heroes Act; that the bill be considered read a third time and  passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon  the table with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I ask to be recognized to respond to the  leader.    Well, we have had a lot of words from the leader--none  of them talk about reality. One picture equals all his words: Schumer,  Pelosi, Mnuchin, Meadows in a room negotiating, where the Republican  leader can't even show up because his caucus is so divided. In his own  words, 20 of his Members don't want to vote for anything.   Now, faced with a crisis they created--for 10 weeks we have asked the  leader to negotiate, and now, finally, they have woken up to the fact  that we are at a cliff. But it is too late--too late because even if we  were to pass this measure, all the States--almost every State says  people would not get their unemployment for weeks and months, all  because of the disunity, dysfunction of this Republican caucus and of  the leader, afraid to negotiate because he doesn't have his people  behind him.   The bottom line is very simple: This new proposal moves things even  backward. Instead of a 30-percent cut from what people are getting, it  is a 33-percent cut. And we all know that the proposal that is in  existence now has kept millions out of poverty.   Now we hear talk from the other side that this creates the deficit-- this increases the deficit. We can't spend money. Well, I would remind  them of the $1.5 trillion tax cut for the rich--tax cut for the rich.  No one even thought about the deficit then. But when it comes to  average folks, working people, we don't hear a thing.   Unemployment is a crisis. There are many crises. All your  constituents, the parents, are saying: Why can't we open our schools  safely? They need dollars.   We can't negotiate that proposal. People are being thrown out of  their homes. That is a cliff that happened Thursday. Nothing for that.   The bottom line is very simple: This is the worst health crisis in  100 years. This is the worst economic crisis in 75 years.  Unfortunately, at this great moment of terrible trouble in our country,  our Republican friends are paralyzed, and when they want to do  something, it is a stunt, not a real negotiation, that they know won't  pass, because their backs are against the wall and the American  people--just look at the data--know who is to blame and know who  doesn't want to help people.   So the bottom line is very simple: We Democrats know what the problem  is, and we are unified. We have a very strong proposal. And to look at  the things in that proposal with the callousness that my friend the  Republican leader has done; to say that this is all politics when  people are being thrown out of their homes and we want to give them  shelter; when people are not able to feed their children and we want to  give them food; when small businesses--men and women who have  struggled--can't keep their businesses going, we hear nothing.   Our proposal--the one to which the Republicans objected--deals with  these problems in a serious, significant, and, yes, expensive way. But  we know what is going on on the other side of the aisle. It was said by  my friend from Indiana: Let the private sector do it. Well, my friends,  this is a moment where the private sector can't solve the problem. This  is a moment when we do need strong, active, and bold relief--something  that this caucus has been running away from, ignoring, for far too  long.   My fellow Americans, we are in an enormous crisis. We are stepping up  to the plate on this side of the aisle. Please let your Senators know  on the Republican side of the aisle how deep this crisis is, how  painful it is for people, and to step up to the plate, get in the room,  and negotiate a real deal and stop doing stunts that simply are  political--get it off my back--that you know cannot pass.   I yield the floor.    Reserving the right to object.    Mr. President, this UC request is clearly a stunt. A 1- week fix can't be implemented in time, and the Senator knows that.  Plus, there are many other problems Arizonans have in addition to this  one.   Arizonan parents are worried that schools will not open safely.  Arizona renters are worried they will be evicted from their apartments.  Arizona parents are worried that they can't feed their kids. Arizona  small businesses are worried that they will not have the necessary  help.   All of those things are in the Heroes Act, plus not even a 1-week  extension--which can't even be implemented--but an extension until  January 31.   So I would ask my colleague to tell Arizonans whether she supports  the Heroes Act or not, which goes much further and is much stronger on  unemployment and many other issues.   I object.    Mr. President, I am going to ask once again that our  Republican colleagues support the Heroes Act.   This is a dramatic crisis affecting all of America in many different  ways. We Democrats have come up with a bold, strong plan supported by  the vast majority of people--average, middle-class people. Our proposal  deals with the issue of unemployment all the way through January 31-- not a 1-week stunt which can't even be adapted in time.   Our proposal deals with schools and their ability to open. Our  proposal deals with small businesses. Our proposal deals with so many  of the issues facing America.   Our colleagues on the other side, we know, are tied in a knot. Our  colleagues on the other side can't come to an agreement on anything.  They did an empty shell bill because the only thing they could support  was an empty shell bill with nothing inside of it.   Well, that is not what the American people want. They want action. I  would urge the Republican leader to start negotiating in good faith and  in seriousness. I would urge the President to do things about testing  and tracing, also in the Heroes bill.   I would urge that we rise to the occasion of this enormous crisis. We  Democrats are doing that in a bold and strong way. We haven't heard  anything from our Republican colleagues.   I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of calendar No. 455, H.R. 6800, the Heroes Act; that the  bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, two quick points. One, my friend from  Ohio--and I know he has lots of good ideas and a great deal of  sincerity--made my point. The vast majority of Republicans oppose $600  for any time. That is why they are not calling it up for a vote--it  shows what a stunt the Senator from Arizona has done.   Second, I think all the points my colleague made about things that  are extraneous--they are not; they are related to COVID. But one thing  not in our bill--$1.7 billion so the President's hotel doesn't get  competition. That is an extraneous thing. It is not in our bill.   I yield the floor.   