 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent  that the order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent  to complete my remarks before the rollcall vote.    Mr. President, we come here today with  an opportunity to say to America and specifically to communities of  color: We see you. We hear you. I have experienced your pain.   I have been stopped 18 times in the last two decades, and 1 year, I  was stopped seven times, as an elected official in this body, trying to  get into the Chamber and into the office buildings on the congressional  side.   I understand some part of what too many have experienced. This police  reform legislation addresses that. It provides clear opportunities for  us to say: Not only do we hear you, not only do we see you, but we are  responding to your pain, because we in America believe that justice  should be applied equally to all of our citizens, with no exceptions,  and when we see exceptions, it is our responsibility to do something  about those exceptions, and this legislation helps us get there.   I say to my colleagues on the other side, we received a letter from  Senator Schumer saying that there were five things about the JUSTICE  Act that did not meet their principles. My response was a simple one:  Let's have five amendments on those things. If we can get the votes on  these two sides of the Chamber, we should include that in the  legislation.   I met with other Senators on the other side who said that there are  more than five things that we need to have a conversation about. I  said: Let's include an amendment for every single  [[Page S3170]]  issue you have. They did not stick around for that meeting.   My concern is that 80 percent just won't do. My concern is that our  friends on the other side will not take advantage of this opportunity  to say to the communities that are suffering: We see you. We hear you.  We are willing to respond as one body.   I implore all of us to vote for the motion to proceed so that if  there are recommendations that come in the form of amendments, we have  a vote up or down on those amendments. I have offered as many  amendments as necessary for this bill to be seen by the public, and, in  consultation with the other side, let it be their bill--not Tim Scott's  bill, not the Republican bill, not the Democrat bill, but a bill that  starts to address the issues that have plagued this Nation for decades.   This is not my first start at this legislation. I started on this  bill 5 years ago, but I could not find voices that would push forward  reforms brought to our attention by the Walter Scott shooting in 2013.   I will close with this: I respect people with whom I disagree. They  have the right to disagree. My pastor tells me I have the right to be  wrong, which means I am not right all the time. But on this bill, if  you don't think we are right, make it better. Don't walk away. Vote for  the motion to proceed so that we have an opportunity to deal with this  very real threat to the America that is civil, that is balanced. This  is an opportunity to say yes--to say yes not to us but to those folks  who are waiting for our leadership to stand and be counted.    Mr. President, I yield 2 minutes to the  Senator from Georgia.    I thank the Senator from Georgia.   Mr. President, there is scripture in the Bible in the Book of  Ezekiel, chapter 33, somewhere around verse 6. This scripture talks  about a watchman on a wall, and his job is to simply say there is  danger coming. It is a very important job. The watchman's job is to  simply say there is danger coming.   As Senator Perdue said, I had that conversation 5 years ago. I didn't  find anyone on the other side who was willing to engage in that  conversation then, and here we are 5 years later. There is danger  coming. I want us to hear this clearly because, as we look out on the  streets of America and we see more unrest and we see more challenging  situations, realize that there is danger coming.   The watchman's responsibility is to call out the danger, and as the  bloodshed happens, the blood, according to Ezekiel, will not be on the  hands of the watchman, but if he does not shout out, if he does not  articulate that there is danger coming, then the blood will be on his  hands.   There is danger coming. We are in dangerous times. The source of this  danger is not the failure of this bill on this floor at this time. No,  this is merely a symptom of the danger that, I believe, is right in  front of us. This is only a symptom of a much deeper issue--a systemic  problem. Let me explain.   I am a kid who grew up in poverty--in abject poverty in many ways.  There is much worse poverty in America and, certainly, around the world  than that in which I grew up. I am talking about the poverty of when  you come home and hit the light switch, and there is no light. I am  talking about the kind of poverty of having a phone attached to the  wall, and when you picked it up, there was no sound. There are people  who have lived in worse poverty than I, but that is poverty from my  perspective, and I lived in that poverty.   One of the challenging situations of poverty that manifests is  hopelessness. I was that hopeless kid in America, mired in poverty, in  a single-parent household, under the impression that the only way I  could escape poverty would be through athletics or through  entertainment. I was hopeless. From 7 years old to 14 years old, I  drifted, and all drifting leads one in the wrong direction. I failed  high school. I embarrassed my mom, who was working 16 hours a day,  because I felt there was no hope in this country for a little Black boy  like me--14 years old. I failed Spanish, English, world geography, and  civics.   Civics, as we all know, is as close as it gets to failing politics. I  will say that, today, this body, as a whole, is failing civics, or is  failing in politics.   As the Lord would have it, I had an amazing mother who believed that  it was her responsibility to pray me out of the hard situations I found  myself in, and I had the good fortune of meeting a mentor after I got  through summer school, who redirected me. I pulled myself together with  the help of a powerful family, a praying grandmother, and a whole lot  of faith. I caught up with my class, and I graduated on time. I earned  a small football scholarship. I went to college and earned a degree in  political science.   Along the way, as a youngster, I joined the NAACP. I joined the Urban  League. I joined many organizations in the community because I knew  that part of my responsibility was to be socially engaged and to make a  difference no matter how small that difference would be. The one  organization I didn't even think about joining was the Republican  Party. Why would I ever think about joining the Republican Party? While  growing up, every African American and every Black person I knew of was  wed to the Democratic Party because it was better to have a seat in the  room than to be outside. That was the heritage I grew up in.   Let me fast-forward to where we are today, and I will return to that.   We lost--I lost--a vote today on a piece of legislation that would  have led to the systemic change in the relationship between communities  of color and the law enforcement community. We would have broken this  concept in this Nation that somehow, some way, you have to either be  for law enforcement or for communities of color. That is a false binary  choice. It is just not true.   This legislation spoke to the important issues that have brought us  here today. We wouldn't be here, as Senator Perdue alluded to, if it  were not for the death of yet another African-American man, George  Floyd. His murder is why the country has given us the opportunity to  lead, but my friends on the other side just said no, not no to the  legislation. They just said no.   Why am I saying that they didn't just say no to the legislation?   It is that, along the way, I sat down with many of them and asked:  What do you need?   Senator Schumer sent a letter, telling, I believe it was, Senator  McConnell that there were five things in the legislation that needed to  be improved. I said: Let's give them the five amendments.   I sat down with more Senators, and they said: Wait. It is not just  five. There are 20. I asked: How about 20 amendments? And they walked  out.   You see, this process is not broken because of the legislation. This  is a  [[Page S3172]]  broken process beyond that one piece of legislation.   It is one of the reasons why communities of color--young Americans of  all colors--are losing faith in the institutions of authority and power  in this Nation, because we are playing small ball. We are playing for  those in the insulated chambers. We are playing for Presidential  politics. That is small ball. Playing the big boys' game is playing for  the kids who can't represent themselves, and if you don't like what you  see, change it.   We offered them opportunities--at least 20, I offered--to change it,  and their answer to me was, you can't offer us 20 amendments.   I said: Why not?   They said: Well, because Mitch McConnell won't give you 20  amendments.   I spoke to Mitch McConnell. He said: You can have 20 amendments.   I told them that.   We went to a press conference yesterday, and we said: An open  process.   They didn't want an open process. They want one thing. I am going to  get to that.   So I asked my friends--I said: What is it you don't like about where  we are going?   They said: Well, the data collection area. This is the problem. The  data collection area is the problem.   I said: Well, tell me the problem.   Well, the problem is that we are not collecting data.   I am like, well, wait a second. I could have sworn when I wrote the  legislation, we were collecting data. So I flipped through the pages  and realized we are collecting data for serious bodily injury and  death.   They said: Well, we want to collect data on all uses of force.   I said: Put it in an amendment, and I will support it.   That was just one bone of contention. I said: Well, tell me another  one.   They said: Our bone of contention is that we need you to ban no-knock  warrants because of the Breonna Taylor situation.   I said: Your bill does not ban no-knock warrants for the Breonna  Taylor situation; your bill bans it for Federal agents. There was not a  Secret Service agent showing up at Breonna Taylor's door; that was a  local police department.   So the fact that they are saying they want to ban no-knock warrants  knowing they cannot ban no-knock warrants tells me that this is not  about the underlying issue. It is bigger than that.   I said: Well, I will give you an amendment, though, and we can have  that fight on the floor of the U.S. Senate.   As a matter of fact, I said: Tell me any issue you have with the  legislation.   Well, we went through deescalation training, the duty to intervene,  best practices.   I said: In the legislation. In the legislation. In the legislation.   I thought--you know, I don't have any hair, so I didn't pull it out,  but here is what I said next. I said: Well, let's talk about tactics,  then.   They said: Well, you don't ban choke holds.   I was like, I could have sworn I banned choke holds in there  somewhere, and then I read the bill. They don't ban choke holds at the  local level, at the State level. Do you know why? There is this little  thing called the Constitution. They can't ban choke holds. Eric  Gardner's situation would not have been cured by their ban on choke  holds because their ban on choke holds was for Federal agents. Our  legislation instructed the Attorney General to ban choke holds for  Federal agents.   What else did we do? Well, we said we would reduce funding by 20  percent. They reduced funding by 10 percent. So our penalty was twice  the penalty of the other side, and this is supposed to be an issue.   I am not sure we have found the issue. We haven't. It is not choke  holds. It is not the duty to intervene. It is not data collection,  because I said: On choke holds?   They said: Senator--I sat there at their meeting with them--it is  your definition of ``choke holds'' that is the problem.   See, I assumed that when you think of choke holds, you think of a  choke hold, but there is a distinction of the carotid airflow versus  blood flow. They said ours covered only one, not the other.   I said: OK. You can have an amendment. I will vote for it. We will  change it.   They said: We are not here to talk about that.   I said: Wait a second. If we are not here to debate the issue on the  motion to proceed so that we can fix not 50 percent of the bill, not 70  percent of the bill, but literally slivers, slight changes on parts of  the bill that would move this entire process forward, and you have the  amendment to do so--I even said something that I didn't think I would  say. I said: What about a managers' amendment? Let's just fix  everything in one fell swoop.   They said: No, thank you.   So I find it disingenuous that people say: Well, why don't you just  sit down with one Member and work it out?   Well, if a managers' amendment won't do it, if the 5 amendments they  wrote in a letter saying that they needed to have these things fixed  won't do it, if 20 amendments won't do it, and you have an open process  on the floor of the U.S. Senate that requires 60 votes to get off of  the bill, then what, pray tell, is the problem?   Well, I finally realized what the problem is. The actual problem is  not what is being offered; it is who is offering it. It took me a long  time to figure out the most obvious thing in the room. It is not the  what. I have listened to the press conferences. I have read the  newspapers. I am not sure that anyone who is actually reporting on the  bill has actually read the bill, because the next time I see another  story or editorial that says we don't do this, their bill does that,  and you put the two together, and it is not just off, it is just dead  wrong--I realized, finally, it is the who that is offering this.   I have dealt with the problem of who before. As a Black man, I get  the who being the problem. It is one of the reasons I went to Senator  McConnell and said: I want to lead this conversation. I am the person  in our conference who has experienced firsthand racial discrimination,  racial profiling by law enforcement, and I am still a fan because I  believe that most law enforcement officers are good. But I am the guy.  I am your guy, Mitch, because this is my issue. This is an issue for  every poor kid growing up in every poor neighborhood in this Nation who  feels like, when I leave my home for a jog, I might not come back.   This is a serious issue. This is an issue for every single kid who  says: Is this my country? We have heard no.   This is the issue that we should be solving, not the legislative  issue. That is not the issue. The issue is, do we matter? We had an  opportunity to say: You matter so much, we will stay on this floor for  as long as it takes and as many amendments as it takes for us to get to  the issue that says ``Yes, you matter.'' But we said no today. Fifty- six people said yes--four short--four short of saying yes; yes to  having enough information to direct training and resources in such a  way that we could hold people accountable. We were four votes short of  saying yes to having a powerful tool of pulling resources to compel  behavior on choke holds, because I believe that if we had gotten on the  bill, we would have passed this bill.   But that is the problem, by the way. That is the who I am talking  about. See, as a Black guy, I know how it feels to walk into a store  and have the little clerk follow me around, even as a U.S. Senator. I  get that. I have experienced that. I understand the traffic stops. I  understand that when I am walking down the street and some young lady  clutches her purse and my instinct is to get a little farther away  because I don't want any issues with anybody. I understand that. But  what I miss in this issue is that the stereotyping of Republicans is  just as toxic as poison to the outcomes for the most vulnerable  communities in this Nation. That is the issue   When Speaker Pelosi says one of the most heinous things I can  imagine--that the Republicans are actually trying to cover up murder,  the murder of George Floyd, with our legislation--that is not politics.  That is not a game to win. That is, you lose--you will sooner or later  lose--but immediately, every kid around the Nation who heard that  nonsense lost at that moment.   You see, what has become evident to me is that she knows something  that we all know. She knows she can say  [[Page S3173]]  that because the Democrats have a monopoly on the Black vote. No matter  the return on their loyalty--and I am telling you, the most loyal part  of the Democratic construct is Black communities--no matter the loyalty  of the people, the return they get will always continue to go down  because in monopolies, you start devaluing your customer.   You see, today we could have given at the very minimum 70 percent of  what they say would be important for the people we say we serve, but  instead of having a debate on that today and not getting 5 amendments  but 20 amendments, a managers' amendment--instead of going forward and  getting what you want now, they have decided to punt this ball until  the election. Do you know why? Because they believe that the polls  reflect a 15-point deficit on our side; therefore, they can get the  bill they want in November. All they have to do is win the election,  and then roll in January, and they get a chance to write the police  reform bill without our support at all.   Well, this is what they did in the House, right? No amendments in the  House of Representatives on their bill. We are saying amendments on our  side. Democrats are saying no amendments in the House, but you here in  the U.S. Senate, because we are the world's greater deliberative body,  you can have amendments--not in the House, not under Speaker Pelosi,  but under Leader McConnell, you get at least 20 amendments. And I  thought, what the heck, I will throw in the managers' amendment too.  But that was not good enough because the irony of the story is not the  bill; the irony of the story is that today and through the rest of June  and all of July, what we are going to have here is, instead of gaining  70 percent of what you wanted, or more, you are going to get zero. How  is that for a return? How is that for loyalty? How does that work for  the little kid at home in North Charleston where Walter Scott got shot?  How does that work around the country when, instead of getting 70  percent of what you wanted, today and tomorrow and next week you get  zero, and you are going to wait until the election to get more? OK.  Well, why wouldn't you take the 80 percent now, see if you can win the  election, and add on the other 20 percent? You have got to be kidding  me.   Because the who matters, they cannot allow this party to be seen as a  party that reaches out to all communities in this Nation.  Unfortunately, without the kind of objectivity in the media that is  necessary to share the message of what is actually happening, no one  will ever know because if you don't read it in the paper, it must not  have happened. If you don't see it on TV, on MSNBC or CNN, it must not  be true. That is a problem.   Let me just say this: I think we are willing to compete for every  vote everywhere, all the time. That might not be true in every corridor  of the Nation, but it is true of most corridors of the Nation. And this  party has reinforced that truth, not by the words coming out of my  mouth but by the actual legislation signed into law.   Senator Perdue started talking about the important work that we did  on opportunity zones--and I am going to wrap it up in 2 minutes here.  It is lunchtime.   In 2017 we passed tax reform. I included in the opportunity zones-- $75 billion--real money to the most distressed communities in this  Nation. How did that happen? Well, President Trump and I had a serious  disagreement on his comments after Charlottesville. He, being a person  I was not looking forward to having a conversation with, invited me to  the Oval Office. I sat down with him, and I said: What do you want to  talk about?   The President said: Tell me about your perspective on racial history.   I was stunned because if you know President Trump like I know  President Trump, his love language is not words of encouragement. It  just ain't. I know ``ain't'' ain't a word, but it is not.   He listened, and at the end of our conversation, he simply said: Tell  me how to help those I have offended.   I didn't know what to say, so I pulled out my back pocket and got  opportunity zones. I didn't go there prepared for him to listen. That  is not supposed to be funny, but it is. I mean, I didn't expect him to  listen, but he did. He listened. He leaned in, and he said: Tell me how  to help the folks I have offended.   I said: Let's work on opportunity zones together.   He said: Yes.   I said: What?   He said: Yes.   He was concerned enough about the communities he had literally just  offended. He was concerned enough to go to work on their behalf. And  that is why we have opportunity zones.   I was like, well, this might work again. So I went back to the  President and said: You know, there is a lot of work that needs to be  done around the HBCUs, historically Black colleges and universities. He  said yes. He said yes. We said yes.   Let me just tell you this: When we started saying yes, we controlled  the White House, we controlled the Senate, and we controlled the House.  So it wasn't because some Democrat came over here and said: In order to  get our votes, you have to do this. That is not what happened. He said  yes because the Republican Party said yes. We stood together with all  three leaders of government under our control. We got opportunity zones  done. We started a process of reinvesting in historically Black  colleges and universities. And the head of the United Negro College  Fund said at my last fly-in that this is a record level of funding  ever--his words, not mine. I am not sure what ``ever'' is. Maybe that  is longer than I have been alive. Literally more money for HBCUs than  ever--brought to you by the Republican Party.   I said: Well, that is working. Let's do it again.   So we went to stem cell research, which--stem cell research for  sickle cell anemia, which is a 100-percent--basically speaking, 99.5  percent--African-American disease. He said yes.   Lamar Alexander, the chairman of our Health, Education, Labor, and  Pensions Committee--we were fighting over funding for HBCUs. We made it  permanent--permanent funding for the HBCUs led by a Republican chairman  of the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, President  Trump signs it, and we have delivered historic funding and permanent  funding for HBCUs.   Because I am running out of time, I am not going to go through the  pre-pandemic numbers in minority communities for unemployment-- unemployment not only at a record low, but we had labor force  participation rates increasing. Let me say that differently. Not only  did we get more jobs for Black folks and Brown folks, but the number of  folks in the community--we started having an increase in the number of  folks working.   This is called basic conservative politics. It works, creating 7  million new jobs benefiting two-thirds of African Americans, Hispanics,  and women, and with a full economy, all boats started rising. Don't  believe me, check your accounts. That is what it looks like.   COVID-19 hit us, and what did we do? We not only approved $2.3  trillion and then another $500 or so billion dollars, and $450 billion  that would be multiplied in the commercial facilities by probably 7 or  8--a $6 trillion relief package. What did we do inside that package? We  targeted small businesses to save small businesses, and, by the way, we  added $1 billion for historically Black colleges and universities.   Let me tell you what the biggest threat is. The biggest threat is  that this Republican Party keeps showing up and delivering. I have 12  more pages to go. It is like being at church with my closing. I have 12  more pages of accomplishments to talk about. I am not going to talk  about it. Don't look relieved. I am not going to talk about it. I am  just here to state that if we are going to be serious about criminal  justice reform--and we passed it with the House, Senate, and the White  House in the hands of Republicans. We passed criminal justice reform to  make up for the Democrat bill--the 1994 crime bill that locked up  disproportionately African-American men. The Republican Party passed  criminal justice reform with all three levers in our hands.   I am frustrated. I am frustrated because it is not a competition for  the best ideas. It is not a competition for how to improve the poorest  performing schools in America in the public education system that is  consistently in Black and Brown communities--that your ZIP Code  determines the outcome  [[Page S3174]]  of your life because you are not going to have a good education because  we will not touch teachers' unions and we will not touch education in  the way that needs to be touched.   Governor Scott did it before he was a Senator. That is one of the  reasons why I went down there and campaigned for him, because he was  serious about helping poor kids get up and move on.   Let me just close with this. I don't know what it is going to take to  wake up an entire nation about the importance of a duopoly and not a  monopoly. Look at the results. Look at the results you are getting.   By the way, when this bill is gone, and next week we are on the NDAA  or something else, we will forget about this. We will move on. People  will forget about it. And do you know what is going to happen?  Something bad. And we will be right back here talking about what could  have been done, what should have been done, why we must act. I am  telling you, I had this conversation 5 years ago, and I am having this  conversation right now. We could do something right now.   You know, here is the truth. Detroit, Atlanta, Minneapolis, Los  Angeles, Philadelphia, and all of these cities could have banned choke  holds themselves. They could have increased the police reporting  themselves. They could have more data information themselves. They  could have deescalation training themselves. They could have duty to  intervene themselves, Minneapolis as well. All of these communities  have been run by Democrats for decades--decades.   What is the ROI for the poorest people in this Nation? And I don't  blame them. I blame an elite political class with billions of dollars  to do whatever they want to do. And look at the results for the  poorest, most vulnerable people in our Nation. I am willing to compete  for their vote. Are you?   (Applause, Senators rising.   