 Mr. President, this afternoon, my staff and I are  continuing to monitor widespread flooding across Southeastern Kentucky.  Heavy rainfall damaged homes, businesses, and infrastructure in those  counties. Our Governor declared a state of emergency and mobilized a  full-scale response for the areas in need.   I am particularly grateful to the first responders who have already  rescued and evacuated many Kentuckians from harm's way. Their  professionalism and courage have helped to keep this situation from  becoming even worse.   Many roads remain closed and hundreds of residents are still without  running water. Worse still, more rain is in the forecast in the coming  days. This crisis, unfortunately, is not over yet.   My office stands ready with local, State, and Federal officials to  help families and communities however we can, as Kentuckians endure the  remaining flooding and begin the recovery process.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that  notwithstanding rule XXII, at 2:15 tomorrow, all postcloture time on  the Brasher nomination be considered expired. I further ask that if the  nomination is confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made  and laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified of  the Senate's action. Finally, I ask that following disposition of the  Brasher nomination, the Senate vote on cloture motions with respect to  the Kindred, Schelp, Kness, and Halpern nominations, and if cloture is  invoked on any of these nominations, the confirmation votes occur on  Wednesday, February 12, at a time to be determined by the majority  leader in consultation with the Democratic leader.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business, with  Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I understand there is a bill at the  desk, and I ask for its first reading.    I now ask for a second reading, and in order to place  the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I object to  my own request.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday,  February 11; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning  hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date,  the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the  day, and morning business be closed; further, that following leader  remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume  consideration of the Brasher nomination under the previous order; and  finally, I ask that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m.  to allow for the weekly conference meetings.    Mr. President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned  under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator Brown and  Senator Enzi.   