 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Comer for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, you will never hear me complain about having to come to  Washington to vote. After all, it is an honor to serve the people of  this great Nation and our constitutional obligation to be here present  to vote on the issues facing America.   So the question today is: Are there issues that need to be addressed  in the United States Postal Service?   There certainly are. We all know that there are. After all, the USPS  has been on the Government Accountability's High Risk List since the  beginning of the Obama-Biden administration.   The systemic issues are not new. They did not creep up all of a  sudden in the last few weeks since the new Postmaster has been in  office. They have been here for awhile. So, if we are really trying to  address the issues, there is room for discussion.   The late Chairman Elijah Cummings and the now White House Chief of  Staff Mark Meadows have a bill that has some serious effort put into  it.   Tomorrow we will be having a hearing with the Postmaster to discuss  the bill we are arguing today and voting on.   The White House has offered a $10 billion package, which the Speaker  has rejected.   So there are options if we want to address the real issues, but today  is not about a serious effort. Today's effort is yet another  smokescreen, another conspiracy theory forced upon the American people  to distract us from the real problems facing the American people; to  distract from the Speaker's unwillingness to work with the White House  to protect schools, hospitals, and small businesses; to extend PPP to  mom-and-pop businesses that are on the brink and the families connected  to them; to address the heartbreaking violence and destruction in our  cities and streets.   The American people are tired of this, tired of lurching from one  manufactured crisis to another, tired of leadership by fear-mongering,  tired of this House preferring to campaign on issues rather than to fix  them.   The bill offered today will not save the USPS or provide for long- term sustainability. Today's effort is another attempt to mask the fact  that this House under this leadership is doing very little for the  American people.   