 Madam Speaker, I thank my friend, also from Texas. He  has made wonderful points.   For those of us who have studied history--especially in my case,  spending my life studying history--you know one thing if you really  understand history: Weakness is provocative.   There was no better display than in 1979, November 4, actually. I was  at Fort Benning, in the Army there. We took notice when our Embassy was  attacked, and we had a very weak President who went about begging Iran  to let our people go without any threat. We just wanted diplomacy. Iran  then and now does not understand the weakness they perceive from  diplomacy unless there is a hammer behind it.   We are here today to vote on two amendments. One, of course, has  already been discussed, titled ``No War with Iran Act.'' The other is  titled ``Repeal of Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq  Resolution of 2002.''   Some of us have been wanting a new AUMF since we got here. During the  Obama administration, it was clear we weren't going to get that. I  appreciated Chairman McKeon allowing me to come up with language to try  to make it a little better, but he made me stay in a back room to write  the language so the Democrats in the Senate didn't know it was me who  was doing the language. That might have created a problem. We made some  amendments, but we needed a new AUMF.   Where were my friends across the aisle when, out of no vital  interest, as our own Secretary of Defense said on television, our  President decided to attack Libya, the President of Libya who had blood  on his hands from the 1980s and 1990s, but he had opened his doors and  let us tell him what weapons they could have and not have? He was not a  threat.    Look, we need a new AUMF, but the message that this will send to Iran  is: Not only is this group trying to throw this President out and  weaken him every which way they can, but now they are going to take  away any power to kill somebody like Soleimani, which he just did.   If he was still alive, it appears clear there would be Americans  dying.   Look, let's vote this down. Let's work together on a new AUMF that  doesn't send word to our enemies that ``President Trump is too weak to  do anything,'' because he is not. Quit sending that message.   