 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, this is a critical time in our Nation's history. People  are worried about their health and that of their loved ones. They are  wondering how long this new way of life will last. But people across  our great Nation are coming together.   I have seen the response in my own district, where yesterday would  have been opening day, and the Cincinnati Reds remain undefeated.   From the bold leadership of Ohio's Governor Mike DeWine and  Department of Health Director Dr. Amy Acton to the brave healthcare  workers on the front lines of facilities like the University of  Cincinnati Medical Center and the local companies that have volunteered  to produce much-needed personal protective equipment, these men and  women are heroes, risking their lives and livelihoods so that their  fellow citizens may continue to live as comfortably and as normally as  possible during this trying time.   As the ranking member of the House Small Business Committee, I want  to single out the contribution of this Nation's small businesses. To  those that have had to temporarily close and those who have bravely  stayed open to provide life-sustaining supplies, I want you to know  that there is help in this bill. We have come together in this  legislation to help our entrepreneurs who so urgently need it. Small  businesses and their employees often rise before the Sun and retire  under the stars to ensure that their customers' needs are met and often  exceeded.   Along the way, the Small Business Administration, or SBA, is charged  with assisting the Nation's smallest firms. When disaster strikes, the  SBA helps businesses get back on their feet.   As we face the unprecedented challenge of COVID-19 we must ensure  that small businesses have the resources needed to weather that storm.  They are being forced to make tough choices to protect themselves,  their employees, and their customers. They are laying off staff who are  like family to them, cutting hours when workers need them most and  closing their doors after years or even decades of successful  operation.   To alleviate these enormous pressures, the CARES Act, this  legislation, creates a new program specifically designed to respond to  the current crisis. That program, the Paycheck Protection Program,  provides $350 billion for 100 percent federally guaranteed loans for up  to 8 weeks of assistance. These loans can be forgiven when used for  payroll, interest on mortgage, rent, and utilities.   The CARES Act also creates a deferment payment on current 7(a) loans.  The SBA will pay all principal, interest, and fees for those small  businesses for up to 6 months. These payment obligations will be  completely forgiven and removed from a borrower's books.    Finally, the bill permits small business owners who have applied for  an SBA Economic Injury Disaster Loan to request in advance up to  $10,000.   I am grateful that we can help small businesses in this act.   