 Madam Speaker, I rise today disappointed and frustrated  with this legislation and the dysfunction of this legislative body.   Police work is vital, sometimes thankless, sometimes dangerous.   My oldest son is a police officer, and we talked about these issues  long before the events of the last several weeks. He recently had to  put on a vest and police multiple times, protests where, Madam Speaker,  I prayed to God they would not turn violent and someone would get hurt.  So it is near and dear to my heart, as well as some Members on the  other side of the aisle.   It is not an economic issue. It is an issue of America, it is an  issue of rights, and meaningful change is needed now.   All across this country, our constituents, our neighbors, and, yes,  my family, are begging us to step forward and lead, to come together  for reform.   We see these demonstrations in our cities and towns across this  Nation, and we all agree reform is needed, yet yesterday in the Senate,  constructive legislation proposed by Senator Scott was blocked by  Democrats despite a commitment to full debate on the floor and  amendments.   We apparently don't want to legislate, do we?   I have actively reached out for substantive discussion on this bill  with the sponsor to offer input and support, to no avail.   I spoke with Ms. Bass today, and she hopes maybe we will set up a  work group, but not until we vote on this Democrat-developed bill,  without the ability to even consider a single amendment.   Heaven forbid we legislate.   Senator Scott was correct in his speech yesterday: the issue is about  not what action we take, but about who takes and can claim the action.   My colleagues in the other party are so focused upon election  messaging, they overlook some critical things.   We have needed to address these issues for decades. Even when a  Democrat was in the White House and the Democrats controlled both  bodies of this legislature, nothing was done.   This issue will not go away. I think we agree on that. It is staying.   Lacking action, this issue will become more heated and divisive in  our communities across this Nation.   What do you say we all simply focus on doing our current jobs rather  than worrying about the November election?   What do you say, how about we actually legislate to achieve effective  reform instead of messaging, because messaging right now is a disaster  for this Nation?   We should all in this body feel ashamed for taking up space and time  when we are not solving the problem.   God help us all.   