 Mr. President, I want to thank my colleagues from  Connecticut, from Virginia, and in particular my colleague from  Minnesota, who has done such a great job--not just today but as the  ranking member of the Rules Committee--in fighting for expanding the  right to vote in the context of this pandemic.   My colleague from Minnesota has stood to ask for unanimous consent  for the enactment of the Natural Disaster and Emergency Ballot Act,  which is a broad and bold framework to ensure access to the ballot in  every State in the United States in the midst of this ongoing pandemic.   We are just 4 months from the election--126 days to be exact--and as  day after day the number of infections has risen, it is clear that this  pandemic is far from over. So far, 125,000 Americans have died and 2.5  million have been infected. It is completely reasonable for millions of  Americans who are senior citizens, who have preexisting conditions, and  who have particular vulnerabilities to be concerned about the risk they  might take if they go to a polling place to vote.   Today is primary day in Colorado, in Oklahoma, and in Utah, and we  have seen in primary days just passed in Kentucky, in Georgia, and in  Wisconsin, example after example where the State officials involved did  not have the resources to hold elections where everyone could safely  participate in a pandemic and hadn't worked out the plans.   In Georgia, a State long known for voter suppression efforts over  decades past, voters waited in line for hours and hours. I was inspired  by their passion, their persistence to exercise their right to vote,  and concerned, disheartened--even angered--by the fact that no  preparations were made sufficient to meet the moment.   In Wisconsin, dozens--more than 50--voters and poll workers tested  positive for COVID-19 after exercising their right to vote, one of the  most fundamental rights in our democracy   Across the country we have heard from election officials who have  struggled with the infrastructure that is ill-equipped to handle this  pandemic.   So, as my colleagues have already said, we should come together to  advance this legislation, legislation I introduced with the Senator  from Minnesota and the Senator from Oregon, which is a series of  commonsense solutions to this obvious challenge.   It would expand early, in-person voting; no-excuse, absentee vote-by- mail; and reimburse States for the additional costs involved in  administering an election during a pandemic. It would ensure American  voters aren't faced with that untenable choice: risk their health to  vote in person or stay home and not vote at all.   Today is June 30. It is also the last day of the Delaware General  Assembly, and like several other States, Delaware has passed  legislation to provide for no-fault absentee voting in this pandemic,  but they lack the resources to fully deliver on this solution.   That is why, in the Appropriations subcommittee where I am the most  senior Democrat, I have fought alongside my Democratic colleagues to  advocate for money in this next COVID relief package--$3.6 billion-- which is what experts across the country say States need for printing  ballots, for postage, for new high-speed scanners, for secure drop  boxes, for personal protective equipment, and so much more.   I appreciate that the Senator from Missouri who came to the floor to  object did say that he would support additional funding, and I look  forward to working with my colleague from Minnesota to help ensure that  that is actually secured, but we have to do more than just provide  financial resources.   We have to provide this bill. We have to provide the legal framework.  We have to provide a clear and confident path forward to voting.   Let me close by reminding everyone in this Chamber that voting by  mail, voting absentee under exigent circumstances, is nothing new. Our  troops back in the Civil War voted by mail so that they could continue  to participate in free and fair elections even as they were fighting  for the very existence of this Republic.   In every election, hundreds of thousands of American troops,  diplomats, and development professionals safely and securely cast their  votes from  [[Page S4007]]  around the world--election after election. There is no reason we can't  do that now.   So let me close by thanking my wonderful colleague from the State of  Minnesota, who has been such a passionate, effective, and engaged  advocate on this issue.   I call on my Republican colleagues. Let's step up. Let's get this  done. Let's ensure that the American people can safely exercise their  right to vote this November.    Mr. President, I rise to join my colleagues and to express  our enthusiasm for the work that lies ahead. I am so grateful to the  Senator from Maryland for his leadership in bringing this important  effort to the floor tonight.   Senator Cardin and Senator Shaheen have been stalwarts in the Small  Business Committee. The ranking member and his talented colleague from  New Hampshire have worked tirelessly to shape the PPP, or the Paycheck  Protection Program, that was part of the CARES Act enacted more than 2  months ago.   It has delivered, as you heard tonight, remarkable assistance to  nearly 4 million businesses, more than $500 billion--I think $526  billion in assistance--and has helped millions of businesses all over  our Nation not have to close.   Today--tonight--was supposed to be last minute, the last chapter in  the PPP program, but because of the unanimous consent request that was  successfully negotiated by Senator Cardin, there is now 5 more weeks of  running room for businesses, large and small, across our States--excuse  me, businesses small and smaller, across our States--to have an  opportunity to get to the SBA to apply for a loan through their lender  of choice and to have another opportunity.   Why do we need this? Because the pandemic is so far from over.  Despite the wishes and the rhetoric of the President and others, we all  know that in our States and in other States around the country, a  record number of new cases were reported several times this week--the  highest number of cases so far in this pandemic. Cases are rising in  dozens of States, and small businesses in our country face an uncertain  future.   In my home State, Governor John Carney, who has made good but hard  decisions, has stopped the opening of our economy, like several other  States--Maryland, which shares the wonderful Eastern Shore beaches, and  New Hampshire, which has wonderful summer and winter hospitality  businesses up and down its State. This is a critical time of year for  our seasonal businesses. To not have them fully opened is putting a  burden and is putting a damper on exactly those hospitality businesses  that took the hardest hits right at the beginning of this pandemic.   I want to take a few minutes and talk about just a couple of the  small businesses I know in Delaware that have benefited from the  resources made possible by this program negotiated by these great  colleagues. And $1.4 billion has been delivered to Delaware businesses  and nonprofits quickly, helping them to stay open or reopen, helping  them to hire or retain workers. Yet, even tonight, $134 billion in this  program remains unspent. Rather than shutting it down, we are going to  make sure that there are windows of opportunity for small businesses in  our States.   This helps a company like Zoup! in Newark, DE. Eric Ames is the  owner. I was there at the opening of his first Zoup! franchise years  ago. This PPP loan--a loan-to-grant program--has made it possible for  him to keep functioning. Jimmy Vennard, who is the  [[Page S4027]]  creative, innovative brewer in Newark, DE, of Autumn Arch Brewing has  benefited from a PPP loan. Yvonne Gordon, whom I have known for years,  who runs Orange Theory Fitness and is a minority business owner in Pike  Creek, has been able to stay open and reopen because of her PPP loan.  And in Dover, DE, our capital, the wonderful Green Turtle Restaurant  was able to stay open because of this loan.   These aren't abstractions. These aren't statistics. These are real  flesh-and-blood families and businesses that have benefited because of  the PPP. As several of my colleagues have said, in the early stages of  this program, not enough small businesses and not enough minority-owned  businesses, because of fewer banking connections and because of the  unpredictability of the rules, were able to access to the PPP. Some  were denied by multiple lenders. That is why it is important that we  extend this deadline tonight.   Let me also speak about what we hope will be the next phase--the  Prioritized PPP Act. Extending the deadline of this first loan period  for 5 weeks is good but not enough. There are other businesses that can  and should get access to the lifeline of a prioritized second PPP loan.   As Senators Cardin and Shaheen have mentioned, this would focus on  fewer than 100 employees and with more than 50 percent greater revenue  loss. I am particularly excited about the set-aside of $25 billion or  about 20 percent of the total funding for those with 10 or fewer  workers.   I know that Senator Cardin and Senator Shaheen will be working hard  in the weeks to come to narrow and to focus and to prioritize where we  will go in the next relief bill.   With the forbearance of my colleagues, I want to talk about one other  issue. In my home State of Delaware, today, June 30, was the end of the  budget year--the end of our General Assembly session by constitution.  All of us received a letter from the seven largest organizations  representing State, county, and local governments all over our country,  saying it is urgent that this next relief bill include not just another  round of assistance to small businesses but critically needed  assistance to State and local governments.   There are 15 million Americans who work for State and local  governments: teachers, paramedics, firefighters, police officers, the  folks who make our State and local governments run. And 1.6 million of  them have already been laid off as State and local revenues plummet.   We have to work together to make sure this is part of the next  program. We have to extend unemployment benefits. We need to ensure the  American people can safely vote, and we need to expand national service  opportunities. There is so much for us to do.   I look forward to more successful efforts with my colleagues and for  the opportunities for us to work together to address the needs of the  American people.   Thank you so much to my colleagues, both for tonight's exciting  extension of the PPP program and for the work we have yet to do in the  days and months ahead   With that, I yield the floor.   