 DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, once again, the  persistent disparities in our  [[Page H2247]]  society, our physical well-being, and our economy have emerged with  brutal clarity under the impact of the coronavirus. The pandemic's  devastation on the least secure is widespread across multiple facets of  life and profound in impact.   I strongly support the Heroes Act because it will targets significant  emergency assistance to improve well-being and help meet basic needs of  some of those who are hardest hit by the pandemic. It is designed to  get this critical aid to the local level quickly, prioritizing people  who may not be receiving other help and entities with demonstrated  success in helping individuals most in need.   Before the pandemic, my constituents struggled with poverty. Almost  one-third of children in my District live in poverty, almost one-fifth  of adults in my District over 18 have income below the poverty level,  and one-quarter taxfilers in my District were low-income working  parents. The pandemic and national crisis exacerbated the income  inequality, hunger, and housing insecurity; in addition, the African  American and Latinx communities have disproportionately lost their  lives due to these persistent disparities in our society that so many  took for granted.   As a Member of the Committee on Ways and Means and as Chairman of the  Subcommittee on Worker & Family Support, I am proud of the policies  providing critical supports, including:   A second round of more generous direct payments--up to $6,000 per  family--to help individuals and families pay for food and housing;   Extension of the $600 federal unemployment payments through January  2021 recognizing that workers will face a job market unlike anything  our country has experienced;   Modernization of key work and child tax credits to improve the  economic well-being, reduce poverty, and increase labor-fore  participation of millions of workers;   $850 million for child and family care for essential workers;   $100 million to strengthen vulnerable children and families via home  visiting;   Substantial investment in public health via coverage for people, help  for physicians and hospitals, and free treatment; and   Stabilization of multiemployer and single employer pension plans to  protect retirees.   I applaud the investments in food security, housing assistance, small  business assistance, help for non-profits, broadband, tribes, veterans,  tribes, and our democracy.   I am thankful that this bill includes bills that I have championed-- the expansion of the Earned Income Tax Credit for childless workers,  foster youth, and homeless youth; the modernization of the Child and  Dependent Care Tax Credit; investments in family care for essential  workers and home visiting to support vulnerable children and families;  assistance for foster youth; and the protection of vulnerable students  from tax bills from emergency education grants.   This is an expansive bill. It is an expansive bill to meet a  unprecedented challenge affecting everyone in our country. The last  hearing that I chaired before we began remote working focused on  reducing child poverty. We must not lose sight of that goal. We know  how pernicious and devastating childhood poverty is. I am proud that  this bill advances policies to reduce child poverty and strengthen the  economic well-being of families. I am proud that this bill invests in  strengthening our communities and businesses so that we can all come  out of this crisis stronger. This is an historic bill, and I urge my  colleagues to support the bill.   