 Mr. Speaker, in the midst of a divided Washington,  D.C., it is important that Congress comes together to prioritize the  protection of the Great Lakes.   As co-chair of the bipartisan Great Lakes Task Force, building  bipartisan consensus that preserves the Great Lakes, strengthens their  economy, and protects them for future generations has been one of my  top priorities.   While the environmental sensitivity index maps may not be the  headline-grabbing legislation that we are sometimes used to, these maps  are critical to the communities across the Great Lakes.   We must have accurate assessments of coastal resources that are at  risk of severe damage from an emergency or a natural disaster. These  environmental assessments include information on endangered and  threatened species, vulnerable shorelines, and widely used community  resources, such as beaches, parks, and boat ramps.   The maps are vital to disaster planning, as well as recovery,  research, and restoration efforts. It is essential that we have an  accurate representation of vulnerable locations and areas in the Great  Lakes that are in need of protection in the event of an emergency.   While maps for the East Coast, the West Coast, and the Gulf Coast  have all been updated recently, maps for the Great Lakes have not been  updated in over 20 years.   To be clear, while the Great Lakes holds over 20 percent of the  world's fresh water, providing drinking water to more than 48 million  people, it supports over 1.3 million jobs, and generates billions upon  billions of dollars in economic activity. Yet, as I stated before, our  region hasn't had a proper environmental map update in more than two  decades.   This legislation, of which I am a proud cosponsor, would solve this  problem by modernizing and updating our maps of the Great Lakes.   Along Lake Michigan and throughout the Great Lakes shoreline, the  current state of erosion and high water damage is at a crisis point.   In my district, along the shores of Lake Michigan, the high water  levels are threatening not only people's homes and public  infrastructure but the overall ecology and the economy of the Great  Lakes.   Communities throughout the region have declared states of emergency  as roads, bridges, harbors, and wastewater treatment facilities, just  to name a few, are in danger due to these high water levels.   As we continue to see disasters and emergencies in the Great Lakes  region, government, at all levels, must be prepared and have up-to-date  information to act upon. This bipartisan bill would accomplish that,  while demonstrating another way my Michigan colleagues and I, and  really all of us from the Great Lakes region, are making sure the  Federal Government prioritizes and protects and preserves the Great  Lakes.   Whether it is responding to rapidly evolving events, such as a  natural disaster, or planning long-term projects, such as habitat  restoration, we need to have reliable and accurate information  available to all the players.   When it comes to protecting our lakes, habitats, and shorelines,  these updated maps will allow us to better prepare to face natural  disasters or emergencies.     Mr. Speaker, having this updated information will help  us analyze and assess the threats facing the Great Lakes and allow us  to be more proactive instead of 100 percent reactive.   The Great Lakes are a way of life for many of us in west Michigan and  throughout the Great Lakes system, and these pristine resources help  define who we are as a community and a people. I will continue to work,  support, and advocate for commonsense reforms like today's legislation  that will protect these incredible natural resources for generations to  come.   I do want to thank my fellow colleagues who have been working on  this, Mr. Kildee from Michigan, Mr. Joyce from Ohio, and the rest of  the Great Lakes Task Force. This has been a great, true bipartisan  success story, as we have looked at increasing funding for protecting  the Great Lakes through the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, the  GLRI, as well as initiatives like this.   