 It is an honor to follow my friend Senator Whitehouse.   You could only turn out well, my friend, with the bloodlines you  have.   Mr. President, I rise today really for one reason: I rise today to  make crystal clear that we are profoundly grateful to every American  who has answered our Nation's call to serve in uniform, to risk their  lives, and in too many instances to lay down their lives so that we  might remain a free people.   We are profoundly grateful to their families who have sacrificed so  much while their loved ones were away fighting to protect the rest of  us and making this a better and more just world.   We are especially indebted to those families whose loved ones left  for war and never came home. It is a sacrifice that many Americans can  barely imagine but one that has been all too real for millions of  families since the founding of our Nation.   One of those families was my mother's family. I never got to meet my  mom's younger brother. His name was Bob Kidd Patton. My mom was a  Patton. Bob was the youngest of five children, born near the coal- mining town of Beckley, WV, to my grandparents, Ray and Effie Mae  Patton, a Gold Star mother. Bobby was killed in action on October 26,  1944, during a kamikaze attack in the Western Pacific on his aircraft  carrier, the USS Suwannee. Among the bodies of the ship's crew who were  never recovered was that of my Uncle Bob. On the day of that attack, he  was--get this--19 years, 6 months, 23 days old. My grandparents were  never able to see their son again or say goodbye. My sister and I,  along with our cousins, would never meet him.   Neither Bob Patton nor his Suwannee shipmates who also perished that  day were ``suckers'' or ``losers,'' as President Trump has  characterized others who answered our Nation's call to uniform; they  were and remain heroes.   I was fortunate enough to make it home after serving three tours in  Southeast Asia during the Vietnam war, but 58,000 of my brothers and  sisters never did. Their names are inscribed in a black granite wall  not far from here so Americans will remember their sacrifice. Let me  add that those 58,000 Americans were not ``suckers'' or ``losers''  either, as President Trump has described John McCain; they were  patriots. Unlike Donald Trump, they answered the call of duty.   My squadron and I were deployed to Southeast Asia as part of the  Seventh Fleet for several of the years that John McCain was held as  prisoner of war in the ``Hanoi Hilton,'' along with hundreds of other  POWs. His plane had been shot down in 1967 over Hanoi. Both his arms  and one of his legs were broken during the ensuing crash, and he was  taken prisoner of war. For 5\1/2\ years, John McCain was held captive,  beaten, and tortured. Despite this, he refused the early release that  was offered to him by his captors. Far from being the loser that  President Trump refers to him as, John McCain was the embodiment of  courage, and my colleagues know it. He proved that again and again in  uniform and right here in this Chamber, standing right over there.    A number of us in this body have been blessed to serve alongside  other true patriots both during our time in Congress and in uniform.   The late Dan Inouye lost an arm and earned the Medal of Honor while  serving in the 442nd--the most decorated American Army unit of World  War II. They were all Japanese Americans who were despised by many  Americans. They were heroes too.   There is former Senator Bob Dole--another highly decorated World War  II hero who was nearly paralyzed and lost the use of one arm after he  had been hit by enemy fire while he helped to save the life of a fellow  soldier.   Then there is, of course, our amazing friend and our amazing  colleague, Tammy Duckworth. God love her.   Tammy, thank you for bringing us to the floor today.  [[Page S5496]]    For any American to disparage heroes like them who gave their lives  or limbs for a country would be despicable, but to hear that contempt  from the man who is now our Commander in Chief and who chose not to  serve in the Vietnam war because of, allegedly, bone spurs in his foot  is worse than despicable--it is abhorrent.   What is most surprising and really disappointing to me, though, is  not that Donald Trump would use words like ``loser'' and ``sucker'' to  describe heroes like John McCain and others. What is most surprising  and disappointing is that there are only Democrats on this floor today  who are condemning the utter contempt that Donald Trump has shown for  our servicemembers over too many years. There should be 100 Senators on  this floor today--100--saying, in no uncertain terms, that we have  nothing but respect and admiration for those who have served and that  we will not allow them to be mocked or ridiculed by anyone, including  by the President of the United States.   Honoring those who have served this country and risked their lives  for this country is among the most sacred of obligations any of us has.  If we can't stand up and defend those men and women, then we have no  business being here.   Let me close with this.   To the millions of soldiers, sailors, air men and women, marines, and  Coast Guard members who are risking their lives right now around the  world and who have done so for generations, listen to this: We salute  you. We thank you. We thank your families from the bottom of our  hearts. God bless you. Stay safe. Come home.   I yield the floor.    Would the Senator yield?    I spoke earlier of my Uncle Bob. I forgot that we had his  photo, but this is what he looked like at the age of 19 years 6 months,  and this picture was framed and could be seen in the dining room of my  grandparents' house until they died. Alongside it was my picture. Thank  you.    He was one of a number of sailors on the USS Suwannee who  was killed in a kamikaze attack, and none of the bodies were ever  recovered.   