 Mr. President, it has been 2 weeks since Leader  McConnell called us back into session. In that time, it was announced  that 30 million Americans filed for unemployment. Just this morning, we  learned another 3 million Americans filed jobless claims this week. Yet  the Republican leader has scheduled exactly zero votes--zero--on  legislation related to the coronavirus. Instead, Leader McConnell has  resisted urgent and necessary action to fight the pandemic. He said  that now is the time to ``press the pause button.'' Tell that to  someone trying to feed his or her children. Tell that to some small  business person who has kept a business going for 20 years and now is  ready to go bankrupt. Tell that to workers at every level of this  economy who are losing their jobs. Time to press the pause button when  we have faced the greatest health and economic crisis since the  Depression?   McConnell has said Republicans have yet to ``feel the urgency of  acting immediately.'' How many of our Republican Senators have yet to  feel the urgency of acting immediately? How many? I would urge the  constituents of Senators in every State to call them and ask them that  question. Do you agree with Senator McConnell that we have yet to feel  the urgency of acting immediately? Well, I could give our Republican  colleagues more than 30 million reasons to feel the urgency of acting  immediately.   We are staring at a period of prolonged economic misery for millions  of American workers and families--Americans who for the first time  don't know if they will be able to keep a roof over their heads, put  food on the table, pay the rent; Americans who for the first time are  waiting in staggering lines at food banks, cars lined up for miles,  snaked across parking lots, people who would never have imagined they  would be lining up at a food bank. How long will it take and how much  economic hardship will suffice before Senate Republicans feel the  urgency to act?   It is not just Democrats who are pleading with the Republican  majority to wake up to the economic reality in this country--oh, no.  Governors spanning the country in both parties know darn well that this  is not a blue State/red State issue. How cheap. A firefighter who is  laid off in Florida and a firefighter who is laid off in New York are  both hurting, and they are not looking to what kind of State they are  in. So the Governors are calling for help. States, cities, and  localities are being forced to lay off teachers, police officers,  firefighters, and food health safety workers. It is Governors of both  parties. Listen to the NGA, led by a Republican Governor. They need to  get unanimous consent for most of the things they do.   It is not just Governors and politicians. The Chairman of the Federal  Reserve, Jerome Powell--hardly a Democrat--a Trump appointee, said  yesterday that ``the scope and speed of this downturn are without  modern precedent, significantly worse than any recession since World  War II.'' He went on to say that ``additional fiscal support could be  costly but worth it, if it helps avoid long-term economic damage and  leaves us with a stronger recovery.'' That is the Chairman of the  Federal Reserve, Jay Powell, appointed by President Trump, telling  Republicans to get off their hands and do something. Powell has used  almost every tool in his monetary toolkit. He knows we need fiscal  relief--more of it. But Leader McConnell has so far rejected doing  another emergency relief bill. His party is slowly drafting legislation  to give legal immunity to big corporations that put workers in  dangerous situations.   That is not the nub of the issue. We know that. We have so many  diversions on the Republican side--liability, China. Let's solve the  problem right now. What are we going to do for people who are out of  work? What are we going to do for people who can't feed their families?  What are we going to do for businesses that are going under   Senate Democrats have had to relentlessly pressure our Republican  colleagues to hold even the most routine oversight hearings on the  coronavirus. Our Republican colleagues say: Well, we don't want to  spend any more money; we have to know how it is spent. Yet they are not  having a whole raft of hearings that they should to see how the money  is spent. Instead, they are talking about appointing rightwing judges  who want to repeal healthcare to the bench. Wow. How out of touch.   The Republican leader made sure the Judiciary Committee had time to  consider his protege, a rightwing judge, to sit on the second most  powerful court in the country, even though there is no particular need  for that nomination at the moment.   The chairman of the Senate Homeland Security and Government Affairs  Committee told committee members that next week he was planning on  delving into baseless, Kremlin-concocted conspiracy theories against  the son of Joe Biden, the Democratic nominee for President. Russia  comes up with a theory, and the Republicans embrace it instead of doing  what they are supposed to be doing.   The Republican majority doesn't have time to call in the SBA  Administrator or FEMA Administrator or hold a hearing on the shortage  of PPE, which our workers on the frontline so desperately need, but all  of a sudden, they have time to use a Senate committee to try to slander  the President's political opponent? What world are they in? How out of  touch can they be?   We are in the middle of a public health and economic crisis, and  Senate Republicans are diving head-first into the muck, pursuing  diversionary, partisan conspiracy theories to prop up President Trump  when President Trump should be focusing on solving this crisis--once  again trying to achieve what the President tried to achieve in the  Ukraine scandal by another means, sullying his opponent with baseless  conspiracy theories. Don't our Republican friends see the folly of  following President Trump in this regard? Don't they know the American  people are wise to this kind of stuff? There are over 30 million people  without work, tens of thousands losing their lives, and pursuing  baseless conspiracy theories is what the Republican majority seems to  be focused on.   Unfortunately, Republicans in Congress aren't the only ones unwilling  to do the urgent and necessary work of the moment. President Trump and  his administration are guilty of the same offense. Yesterday, Dr.  Fauci--one of the most respected health experts in the country--warned  that the reopening of schools and businesses too quickly could lead to  unnecessary suffering and death. Asked about Dr. Fauci's comments,  President Trump said Dr. Fauci ``wants to play all sides of the  equation. . . . [T]o me--it's not an acceptable answer.''   President Trump, Dr. Fauci isn't playing all sides of the equation.  He is giving you one side of the equation: the truth--the truth,  President Trump, without you lurking over his shoulder or contradicting  him at a press conference or yelling at a reporter who asks a  legitimate question.   We don't need Dr. Fauci to tell us there are risks to reopening too  soon and without proper preparation. That is obvious to just about  everyone. That is the truth. But President Trump just inveterately  abases the truth if it doesn't fit with the fantasy he has constructed  in his head. The first fantasy was that it was a hoax. The second  fantasy was that it will go away in the warm weather.   Well, here we are. It is May. Has it gone away, Mr. Trump? Is it a  hoax, Mr. Trump? No, of course not.   Now, one of his latest--that Fauci is making things up or is wrong.  He will rush us back to work before we have the proper testing, and we  will pay a price. That is what the scientists tell us, and they know  best. They are not politicians.   Thankfully, in this big, grand, diverse, and beautiful country, you  cannot suppress the truth for too long. Over the past week, a parade of  truth tellers has begun. On Tuesday, it was  [[Page S2435]]  Dr. Fauci; on Wednesday, Jerome Powell; today, HHS official Rick Bright  is testifying in the House. The President may try to shroud the truth  from the American people or even from himself, but eventually,  inevitably, the truth will come out about how poorly the administration  has dealt with this crisis. It is one of the worst performances by a  President in American history.   The American people have been following stay-at-home orders for  months on end, doing their part to slow the spread of this pernicious  disease. Those many millions who sacrificed their routines and  livelihoods have bought this country precious time to prepare for life  after the pandemic; precious time to ramp up testing, produce PPE, and  formulate a plan for nationwide contact tracing. What has the Trump  administration done with this precious time? They have wasted it-- wasted it.   The President wants to reopen the country as quickly as possible but  could not be less interested in the strategies that would allow us to  do it safely.   President Trump, do you want to get the country open quickly? Do you  want to get people back to the malls and riding on the airplanes? Get  the kind of testing that other countries have done. We are still  leagues behind on testing.   He said 2 months ago--another Trump fantasy--on March 6 that anyone  who wants a test can get one. Tell that to millions and millions and  millions of Americans who want testing and cannot get it.   A de facto nationwide lockdown has been going on for weeks. Yet our  testing capacity has not approached the number just about every expert  says is required. The President, in an emergency, which we certainly  have, hasn't requisitioned American manufacturing to produce the tests  we need and has been slow to dispense congressional funds intended to  help the States do the job. We voted for those a few weeks back. The  States are still waiting.   Businesses, schools, sports leagues, and families are going to need  guidance from public health experts on how to open as safely as  possible.   I talked to hotel executives and sports executives yesterday. They  know that without testing, they are not going to come back. If they  could test every person walking into a large arena and turn away anyone  who might have COVID, people would be far more likely to sit in the  seats. In Georgia, where Governor Kemp has been most forward, pushing  people to open up, something like 6 to 8 percent of the people showed  up. This is 2 weeks after he opened up the malls and the stores. People  are not going to go out unless they are sure they won't get COVID, and  they can't be sure they won't get COVID unless we have many, many more  tests.   What is the President waiting for? He cuts his nose to spite his  face. He wants to get us back to work, but he doesn't push testing. The  anomalies of this man--and that is a kind word--just go on and on and  on   People also want to know the guidance--what should they do, what they  shouldn't. They want it from scientists. The CDC prepared guidance. The  President has held it back so that he and his political appointees can  edit it to suit their purposes.   Yesterday, I tried to ask the Senate's consent to release the  unredacted, unedited CDC guidance, and Senate Republicans, of course,  blocked the request. The junior Senator from Indiana said he didn't  want ``career regulators''--meaning the experts, meaning scientists at  the CDC--to advise the country on how to reopen safely. That the  President and his team of political advisers should be able to decide  that--is there anyone left in this country, except the most diehard  partisans, who trusts this administration to issue medical guidance  properly? Come on.   Here is the bottom line: The sacrifices of the American people gave  this administration time to prepare the country to return to some  semblance of normal. Those sacrifices have been squandered by Trump and  his Republican acolytes.   We all want to get back to work--I certainly do--but there is a smart  way to begin reopening the country, a way to do it safely, with  precautions and testing and tracing, to avoid a resurgence of the  disease, and then there is a reckless way. President Trump has so far  chosen the reckless way and seems to have no plan to right the ship.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I will be brief because I know my  colleagues wish to join in this wonderful activity here to try and get  good recognition.   I join my colleague from North Dakota in strong support of a cause  near and dear to my heart: the effort to add the names of 74 sailors to  the Vietnam War Memorial who perished in a training accident that sunk  the USS Frank E. Evans in June of 1969.   As my friend from North Dakota explained, the names of the 74 who  died on the USS Frank E. Evans have been omitted because they died just  outside of the combat zone, but they had seen the heat of battle in  Vietnam. The USS Frank E. Evans had been part of the Tet offensive and  was scheduled to return to the combat zone before sinking.   That these men's lives ended in the tragedy of a training accident  rather than in the line of fire makes no difference in the final  analysis. They went off to war and laid down their lives in the service  of the country they loved   I was fortunate to know Larry Reilly, Sr., of Syracuse, NY--known to  us as Chief Reilly, who was serving on the Frank E. Evans alongside his  son, Larry Reilly, Jr., on that fateful day in 1969. Larry Sr. survived  that day. Junior did not.   For the rest of his life, Chief Reilly petitioned his country to give  his son and his fellow shipmates the very least it could give to them-- due recognition.   I sat in Chief Reilly's living room, and I have sat on Maryann  Buettner's back porch and listened to her tell me all about her son,  Terry Lee Henderson, who had also seen combat in Vietnam and also died  in that awful accident.   Chief Reilly passed away 2 years ago this month, but his cause does  not die with him. These were living, breathing boys who lost their  lives wearing the uniform of this great country. To inscribe their  names on a memorial is but a small measure of peace for the families  they left behind, the rightful act of a nation that recognizes the  sacrifices of all its sons.   I yield to my colleague from New Hampshire.   