 Mr. President, I thank the chairman of the VA Committee,  Senator Moran, for his leadership.   What we have done here today is a very, very good thing. I think the  biggest challenge facing the VA today is that we are losing 20 veterans  a day to suicide. It has been that way for some time.   People have been looking for solutions--looking for solutions--and  the fact is that there is no silver bullet. But what we have done today  is give the VA more tools in their toolbox to be able to address this  problem of mental health and veteran suicide amongst our veterans.   I thank Chairman Moran for his comments about CDR John Scott Hannon,  after whom this bill is named. As Senator Moran has pointed out,  [[Page S4936]]  this Navy SEAL served our Nation for 23 years. And after combat, Scott  returned to Helena, MT, but, unfortunately, the invisible wounds of war  followed him right back home.   He was open about his journey to recovery, getting involved in the  Montana chapter of the National Alliance on Mental Illness and using  animal therapy and programs at Montana Wild. But, unfortunately--and I  know his family is watching right now--on February 25, 2018, Scott  succumbed to the wounds of war that caused his mental illness.   As Chairman Moran has pointed out, this bill honors his legacy by  supporting the kinds of programs that helped improve Commander Hannon's  quality of life by expanding our understanding of mental health  conditions and the treatments that may have made diagnosing the  conditions easier.   I am not going to go into everything the bill does because Senator  Moran did a fine job on that. All I can say is that we have a great VA  Committee in this U.S. Senate. It is a committee that works to get  things done in a bipartisan way.   I have had the honor of serving with Johnny Isakson as chairman and  now with Chairman Moran, and we haven't missed a step. We continue to  work together to support our veterans across this country.   There is no better way of supporting our veterans than to pass this  bill, which is what we just did in the U.S. Senate about 2 minutes ago.   The bottom line is this: This isn't the final bill we are going to  pass out of the U.S. Senate dealing with veterans. We have plenty more.  In fact, I think we passed a dozen bills in the VA Committee today,  dealing with a myriad of different issues that impact our veterans in  this country. The bottom line is that today we can be proud. We can be  proud of Senators in the U.S. Senate for doing something that needed to  be done that is going to help our veterans and move this country  forward.   I am going to close by going where I started, and that is to say  thank you, Senator Moran. Thank you for your leadership. Thank you for  your friendship. Thank you for your trust. It is great working with  you, and I look forward to doing many more good things before this  Congress ends.   Thank you.   