 Madam Speaker, I support H.R. 2339, which will address the  epidemic of rising youth smoking across the country.   Importantly, the bill before us today incorporates a proposal  reported by the Ways and Means Committee that would establish a Federal  excise tax on nicotine products, including vaping products.   I thank  Tom Suozzi, who has really done a great job on this, in a  bipartisan effort, to ensure that e-cigarette products are taxed the  same as traditional tobacco.   Studies show that excise taxes reduce both adult and underage  smoking. In general, every 10 percent increase in the real price of  cigarettes reduces the number of kids who smoke by 6 to 7 percent and  reduces overall cigarette consumption by 3 to 5 percent.   In recognition of the effort that we are making this morning,  measured by the effectiveness of excise taxes as they reduce youth  smoking, the World Health Organization recommends that e-cigarettes be  treated and regulated in the same way as traditional tobacco products.   The Surgeon General has said that raising prices on cigarettes is  ``one of the most effective tobacco control interventions'' because it  reduces smoking, particularly among kids.   With this legislation, we are simply building on what we already know  works. We are ensuring that nicotine will be taxed at approximately the  same rate, whether you get it from e-cigarettes or traditional  cigarettes.   The revenue that we raise by creating parity here will be reinvested  [[Page H1274]]  into important public health work such as smoking cessation, colorectal  screening, and increasing access to treatment for people with chronic  lung disease. Specifically, we will provide needed financial protection  for Medicare beneficiaries undergoing important colorectal cancer  screenings.   I want to thank Representative Payne for leading efforts on this  commonsense policy that would reduce out-of-pocket costs for seniors to  access this effective preventative care.   In addition, H.R. 2339 allows high-deductible health plans to cover  inhalers and nebulizers for treatment of chronic lung disease. Under  this provision, patients will receive coverage before reaching their  deductible and remain eligible for health savings accounts. For  patients with chronic lung disease, lower cost and easier access to  these treatments reduces the use of more expensive medical care,  including hospitalization.   I thank Mr. Cox and Ms. Sewell for leading on these provisions.   This legislation will protect our children from significant health  consequences that come with nicotine addiction, while helping seniors  and patients with chronic lung disease.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to step up this morning and vote  for this very important measure.   