 Madam President, I appreciate the opportunity to join  with my colleague from the State of Missouri and agree very much with  the comments he has just made, and I am here today to express my  support for the National Defense Authorization Act this week.  [[Page S3989]]    Defense Department leaders always tell me that, if we don't get NDAA  done and our Defense appropriations bill--and I am on the  Appropriations Committee and on the Defense Appropriations  Subcommittee--that those delays really are a challenge and a problem  for the military and cost some money. So, obviously, if we can get this  bill done this week and get on to our Defense appropriations bill and  get those passed, it makes a big, positive difference for our men and  women in uniform.   We should be able to move this NDAA legislation quickly because the  chairman and the ranking member have put together a good bill for our  national security and for our Armed Forces.   This NDAA supports our national defense strategy that is designed to  keep us ahead of the Russians, the Chinese, and other adversaries, and  it includes things like standing up the Space Force, investing in new  technologies like hypersonics and artificial intelligence, and creating  a Pacific Deterrence Initiative to help ensure that we have the  capabilities we need throughout the Pacific region to deter conflict  and coordinate with our allies.   Also, I am very pleased that this bill includes strong support for  modernizing our nuclear deterrent, which is vital to our national  security, and that certainly includes the dual nuclear mission at the  Minot Air Force Base in my State.   This bill moves forward a number of modernization programs, including  the modernization program for new intercontinental ballistic missiles,  the ICBMs; a new nuclear cruise missile, which is now called the LRSO,  the long-range standoff weapon; and upgrades for the B-52, including a  new engine--reengining what has been an incredible aircraft for many,  many years and has had a longevity that is unbelievable. And the Air  Force projects an ongoing longevity for it for quite some time. Part of  that is all the upgrades that we have put into this platform, including  now new engines, as well as things that include the weapons systems,  the ability to carry those weapons systems, communications--just a  whole range of upgrades that have been incredibly important for that  aircraft.   Of course, there are other aspects that go with the nuclear mission,  whether it is the nuclear command and control systems as well as  upgrading the nuclear warheads on the weapons that the aircraft  delivers.   Also, I support provisions in this bill to place restrictions on the  retirement of the RQ-4 Global Hawk, which is headquartered at Grand  Forks Air Force Base in North Dakota. Now, our combatant commanders  rely on the Global Hawk every single day. These aircraft are highly  capable and are not easily replaced, so we are going to need a lot more  information from the Air Force about what capabilities could replace  the Global Hawk. In other words, what is the follow-on mission? That is  particularly true given the Navy's commitment to the Triton, which uses  the same airframe as the Global Hawk.   So we would certainly need that for an ISR mission, and we are going  to need to know what the follow-on is and when that is going to be  available before there is any retirement of the RQ-4, and we have  legislation included in this bill to make sure that that is properly  and fully addressed.   Also, I support the bill's authorization of additional procurement of  MQ-9 aircraft. This fleet is used every day in a variety of missions,  and we need to sustain it as well until there are proven replacements  for it.   Because we are going to be flying the MQ-9 for many years to come, we  have to make sure that we have all the facilities we need to operate  that aircraft. Of course, I am talking about the Reaper, which we use  all over the globe.   One of the Air National Guard units that flies that mission--one of  the first to fly it--is our North Dakota Air National Guard, and I am  pleased that this bill includes authorization of $17.5 million for a  new operations facility for the North Dakota Air National Guard in  Fargo, and I look forward to working in my role on the Defense  Appropriations Subcommittee to make sure that that authorization is  funded for that facility. It is very important in terms of that MQ-9  mission.   The bill also provides authorization for a 3-percent increase for our  forces and authorizes the fiscal year 2021 military construction  program. I am looking forward to working on those, as I am also a  member of the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related  Agencies Appropriations Subcommittee as well, and we want to make sure  that we are providing funding for those priorities--those military  construction projects.   Finally, I want to thank the chairman and the ranking member for  helping us to clear some of my amendments, which I have included to  further this legislation as well.   The committee included an amendment I authored that will require the  Air Force to define how its next budget will support activities in the  Arctic, which is increasingly important for our national security. The  Air Force is starting to refine its strategies to operate in the Arctic  region, and my amendment helps ensure that the Air Force translates  strategic concepts into real capabilities. It will ensure we do not  cede this critical region to our adversaries.   I also appreciate the chairman and ranking member including an  amendment I filed in relation to the Ground Based Strategic Deterrent  Program, which is to develop a new ICBM. It is critical that we keep  this GBSD--which is Ground Based Strategic Deterrent--program on  schedule so it can replace the existing Minuteman III at the end of the  decade.   Of course, all of our nuclear weapon components have to be capable of  withstanding electromagnetic pulses, or EMPs, so my amendment requires  that the Air Force report on how it will ensure that these systems and  components will be protected from electromagnetic pulses. By planning  ahead, we can make sure that we are prepared for something like that.   I also hope that we will be able to include an amendment that Senator  Udall and I have offered, a bipartisan amendment that would reauthorize  and reform Native American housing assistance programs as well as  authorize a joint Tribal housing initiative between Housing and Urban  Development and the Veterans Administration to provide Native Americans  who are homeless veterans--now, we are talking about our veterans, and  the percentage of Native Americans who serve in the military, I think,  is the highest of any ethnic group. So we have a lot of Native American  veterans, and for those who are homeless, we have to help them with  their housing and their healthcare services. That is what this  amendment does.   I chair the committee on Native Americans, and along with our vice  chairman, Vice Chairman Udall, we have put together this legislation,  which includes housing and also addressing our Native American veterans  in a way that I think is important and helpful. I hope that it can be  included in this legislation.   In closing, the NDAA provides vital support for our men and women in  uniform. It authorizes important defense priorities for our Nation,  including unmanned aerial systems, which is, of course, a huge and  growing area--our unmanned aerial systems--and the support for the  nuclear mission, which I have mentioned.   Again, I think this is good legislation. It is bipartisan  legislation. We need to all work together now to get it done and get it  done this week for our men and women in uniform. They do so much for  us, and we need to be there for them. We need to support them by  passing this legislation   With that, I yield the floor.   