 Mr. President, we have a series of votes today on the  Great American Outdoors Act, including one to adopt the substitute  amendment. There are 60 of my Senate colleagues who cosponsored this  bill, and 20 more joined us last week, resulting in strong, bipartisan  votes to begin consideration of the bill. These votes today will put us  within 1 vote of passing this important bipartisan legislation.   Over the last week, many of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle  have taken to the floor to talk about how the Great American Outdoors  Act will benefit the entire country, and they have shared examples of  how their home States have been positively impacted already by the Land  and Water Conservation Fund. It is a testament to the importance of  this historic conservation legislation that has brought so many of us  together during such a toxic atmosphere. Yet that is the beauty of our  Nation's great outdoors. It brings us all together--all walks and  shapes and political preferences. It makes no difference. We all love  the outdoors, and it is available for everyone to enjoy in any number  of ways, whether that be through hunting, hiking, fishing, biking, or  just simply by soaking in nature.   The Land and Water Conservation Fund has been responsible for helping  to acquire many of our Nation's most iconic and scenic lands and to  provide wonderful outdoor recreational opportunities, but it is  important to remember that it is also used in many ways that provide an  economic boost to our States and counties, whether that be through an  LWCF grant that allows community spaces to be built, like the 47  community pools the LWCF supported across my beautiful State of West  Virginia, or a baseball field in Colorado.   It is also a job creator. A recent analysis from Boston University  shows that, at the full funding of $900 million annually, the LWCF  could support approximately 15,000 to 28,000 jobs at a time when our  country needs them most.   The Land and Water Conservation Fund is a major contributor to the  rapidly growing outdoor recreation economy. According to the most  recent information provided by the Bureau of Economic Analysis, the  U.S. outdoor recreation economy accounts for 2.2 percent, or $427  billion, of our Nation's gross domestic product. Likewise, the Outdoor  Industry Association has calculated that the outdoor recreation economy  generates almost $890 million in annual consumer spending and supports  over 7.6 million jobs.   The Land and Water Conservation Fund has been able to do wonderful  things with the funds that have been appropriated to date even though  those appropriations, in recent years, have averaged only about half of  the authorized funding level. In previous years, they were even less  than that. Just imagine what we can achieve for our country with the  full LWCF funding of $900 million per year as the Great American  Outdoors Act would provide.   We need to secure this funding because, since the Land and Water  Conservation Fund was established 55 years ago and despite the fact  that every State, every territory, and almost every county in this  country has benefited from the LWCF, it has only been fully funded  twice. I say it has only been fully funded twice in 55 years. The  passing of the permanent LWCF authorization last year was an important  step, but securing a permanent, dedicated funding source for the  multiple conservation programs funded by the LWCF is the ultimate goal.    I would be remiss not to acknowledge the many Democratic Senators and  Members of the House, both retired and here today, who have been  champions for LWCF. They have helped to pave the way of where we are  today--within striking distance of realizing the goal of permanent,  mandatory funding.   I am incredibly proud, as ranking member of the Senate Committee on  Energy and Natural Resources, as the sponsor of the LWCF Permanent  Funding Act, and as the lead Democrat on this bill, to be in good  company of 43 of my Democratic colleagues who have signed onto this  legislation.   As a member of the Committee on Appropriations as well, I have heard  the concerns that this bill sidesteps the ability of the committee to  oversee LWCF expenditures, so I want to take a moment to clarify that  this isn't the case. The Great American Outdoors Act retains  congressional oversight and involvement in determining how the  mandatory funding is allocated.   To quote from the bill: ``Appropriations Acts may provide for  alternate allocation of amounts made available, including allocations  by account, program, and project.'' There is similar language for  deferred maintenance spending.   The Great American Outdoors Act is necessary, however, to ensure that  the full $900 million each year that is authorized for the Land and  Water Conservation Fund is spent so that we don't end up with what has  happened over the past 50 years, wherein over $21 billion has been  deposited into the Land and Water Conservation Fund but has not been  used for LWCF purposes. It never will be. We will never see that. It is  in the Treasury. Similarly, the Great American Outdoors Act takes the  necessary step of putting $9.5 billion toward deferred maintenance  projects on Federal lands, with 70 percent of that amount dedicated for  our national parks. This legislation will be the most significant  reduction ever in eliminating a major portion of deferred maintenance  backlog on our national parks and public lands.   The impact of failing to fund maintenance for so long is clear to see  for the hundreds of millions of visitors to our public lands each year.  This includes the deterioration of historic buildings at Independence  Hall; the failing water treatment facilities at Yosemite and the Grand  Canyon; the public access roads at our national parks and our forests  that are in disrepair; and outdated and unsafe employee housing. We  need to do better in taking care of these very, very special places.   The infrastructure projects that will be funded through this bill are  critical to protecting many of our national treasures, and like the  LWCF funding, it will provide a significant benefit to the outdoor  recreation economy. The Great American Outdoors Act will help us to be  good stewards of our public lands while, at the same time, it will  create thousands of new jobs. It is a bipartisan win-win.   At the end of the day, this is an opportunity for us to pass down a  legacy to our kids, to our grandkids, and to generations to come. I  believe this will be the most impactful nationwide conservation  legislation since the Land and Water Conservation Fund was first  created over 50 years ago, and 50 years from now, I know that this body  will be remembered for getting this bill across the finish line. We  have broad, bipartisan support with 60 Senators signing on, which is  representative of how important these bills are to every State. We have  support from the administration and unwavering support from over 900  conservation and sportsmen's groups throughout the Nation.   I know that not all of my colleagues can support this bill and that  others would have liked to have seen their priorities added. I also  want to mention that I know it has been portrayed by some that we are  doing one instead of the other. We are taking care of recreation and  outdoors. There might be coastal deterioration, and we are very  concerned about that. Yet I want you to know that, since there has been  offshore drilling, a tremendous amount of those resources have gone to  the four coastal States of Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana, and Texas.  Louisiana is the only State that has used all of its funds for coastal  restoration, and I applaud it for that. I know how costly that has been  and how costly it will be, and we will help in any way we possibly can.   It is not an either-or. It is not that we are getting this and that  they are being punished for something else. That is not the case  whatsoever. We are finally getting the funds that were basically  dedicated 55 years ago that never did go to the LWCF, the Land Water  and Conservation Fund. We have  [[Page S2970]]  over $9 billion in our park system that needs to be for repairs, and we  are using these funds in the most prudently possible way we can. We  would hope that everyone would look at it in the most positive way and  pass something that we could all look back on and be very, very proud  of.   I know that my commitment, as the ranking member of the Senate  Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, is to work with Senators on  their priorities. It always has been, and it always will be no matter  what one's party affiliation--Democrat or Republican. When you are in a  position of being a ranking member or of being chairman of that  committee, you work with all of the committee members, which helps to  ensure the consideration of those committee bills on the Senate floor.   What we saw last week and that I anticipate we will see again today  is a shining example of Democrats and Republicans coming together to  put politics aside to do what is best for conserving the natural  resources of this great Nation. So I urge all of my colleagues to join  me in voting yes on each of the three votes tonight. They are all very,  very important. They will get us closer to the final passage of the  Great American Outdoors Act   I yield the floor.   