 Mr. President, I have been doing a lot of listening  over these past months. Like Americans across this country, I have been  doing a lot of listening to the dedicated and passionate people, our  fellow Americans, who have marched in the streets and our communities  with passion, but peacefully, in their cries for justice. In fact, I  have marched with them in 15 or more demonstrations in Connecticut--big  cities, Hartford, Stamford, New Haven; smaller cities, Lyme,  Marlborough, Trumbull, Windsor, Glastonbury; and then places like  Torrington, East Hartford, Danbury--all across the State, proud to be  with people from Connecticut, led by our young people, as are many  great social movements and revolutions of our time led by young people  who have the audacity and hope to cast aside the normal and say: There  is no going back. There is no rolling back to the old normal. What we  need is action   That has been the common theme in these cries for justice--the  demands for accountability, the pleas for an end to racism, generations  of racial justice, and racism with historic roots in so many of our  institutions, including some of our law enforcement. But they are  demanding more than just our listening and more than just our speaking.  They are demanding action--real action, real reform, real change with  real teeth and new laws.   The time has come for us in this Congress to heed those calls. We  need legislation that honors the memories and the lives of those who  have lost their futures: Michael Brown, Philando Castile, Sandra Bland,  and countless others added to George Floyd, Breonna Taylor, Ahmaud  Arbery, and Rayshard Brooks. Some are in the headlines. Some of their  deaths have been caught on video--but so many thousands never on video,  never publicized, and never known to the public.   In their memory, but also for the sake of our future, we should move  forward with action. We are here today because, simply and starkly, the  Republican JUSTICE Act fails to meet this moment. It fails that test.   I have been listening not only to the folks in the streets and our  communities but also to my great colleagues Cory Booker and Kamala  Harris. Clearly, from what we have heard from them and the work they  have done, along with many of us, to fashion the Justice in Policing  Act, the Republican proposal is a shadow of what it should be-- unacceptably weak, nibbling around the edges of this problem, without  any guarantee that Black Americans will not again ask us whether their  lives are worth $20.   The JUSTICE Act fails completely to address the harmful policing  practices that we know have cost lives. The deaths of Breonna Taylor  and Eric Garner are not anomalies. Choke holds and no-knock warrants  are known to be costly. They have cost Black lives. The JUSTICE Act  ignores this truth.   Americans are not marching in the streets so we might ``study'' these  phenomena. They are not begging us to design programs  ``disincentivizing'' practices that are literally killing Americans-- Black Americans--Americans who deserve justice.   The notion we could respond to this moment with a commission or  several commissions and incentives to do better is insulting to all of  us. We need legislation that explicitly bans the use of choke holds and  no-knock warrants in drug cases so we can credibly tell the American  people we hear you, and we will act.   Communities of color must be able to trust that law enforcement will  be held accountable if they commit criminal acts. The Republican  JUSTICE Act completely lacks any mechanism to hold law enforcement  officers accountable in court for their misconduct. It makes no change  to section 242 of title XVIII, which makes it a Federal crime to  willfully deprive a person of constitutional rights.   This criminal statute can be used to hold officers accountable for  the use of excessive force--something we all know led to the deaths of  far too many Black and Brown people in this country. I believe that  criminal liability is a critical tool in the law enforcement  accountability toolbox but only if it is used.   Right now, civil liability is available, albeit an inadequate remedy  so long as a qualified immunity is not reformed. But very often, in 99  percent of the cases, any civil remedy involves indemnification by the  municipal government. Indemnification means the individual officer  feels no financial penalty and very often little other penalty.  Criminal liability involving potentially prison concentrates the mind.  It is a strong deterrent.   As I said in a hearing that we conducted in the Judiciary Committee,  we need change to make it a real remedy and a real deterrent. When  Officer Chauvin held his knee on George Floyd's neck for 8 minutes 46  seconds, he looked straight into those cameras with impunity because he  assumed he would never be prosecuted criminally. He never imagined that  justice would find him, and justice still must find him in a criminal  court. He ignored the pleas of bystanders telling him to stop. He  ignored George Floyd, as he begged for his life.   These kinds of actions by an individual in a system that has shielded  people like them simply encourage more of them. Section 242's change in  the standard of criminal intent will provide real criminal culpability  for police who deserve it.   The Republican JUSTICE Act relies mainly on data collection, which  may be used to inform policy proposal at some later time. It pushes  down the road any real action.   We already have statistics. Since 2015, there have been 5,000 fatal  shootings by on-duty police officers. In the past year, over 1,000  people have been shot and killed by police. Black Americans account for  less than 13 percent of the country's population, but they are killed  at more than twice the rate of White Americans.   Data is important. In fact, I was the lead sponsor of the Death in  Custody Reporting Act, passed about 6 years ago. Regrettably and  inexcusably, that measure has never been enforced so that it has never  really been effective. We must make it so. But it shows the  [[Page S3152]]  limitation of any data collection system. The fact is, systematic  racism law enforcement has gone unchecked for too long. The time for  accountability is now. It is long overdue.   Let me say, finally, for most of my professional career, I have  helped to enforce the laws. I have been a trial lawyer, yes, but I also  served as the chief Federal prosecutor--the U.S. attorney--for  Connecticut for 4\1/2\ years and then as attorney general of my State  for 20. I have seen some of the best in law enforcement and some of the  worst.   We need a higher standard, not just in words or paper but in fact. We  need a standard that is worthy of the people who have marched and cried  for justice throughout American history, who have tried to dream of a  better system and a fairer country. There is so much work for us to do.  At this moment, we must seize the opportunity, a point of consensus, to  come together and act in a way that is worthy of this great Nation. We  have proposed exactly that action in the Justice in Policing Act. We  should be moving forward on it now, not on a bill that is truly  unacceptably weak and inadequate and unworthy of this historic moment.   I yield the floor.   