 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I am opposed to the bill in its current  form.    Mr. Speaker, I rise to talk about how for over 200 years  lawmakers have come from every State in the Union to work and live in  this District.   The city was not meant to be a prize of conquest like the ancient  walled cities of Europe. It was not meant to be the hub of trade like  the early American cities. Above anything, it was meant to represent a  center of the federation created by our Constitution.   The city is tied to the idea of the American Republic, a living piece  of collaboration, the star on the map representing the 50 stars on the  flag.   With the creation of a 51st State of Washington, Douglass  Commonwealth, a State the size of a small county, that collaboration  will be gone. The majority believes it is a small price to pay for two  Senators.   Republicans need assurances that the interests of our constituents  will be reflected in this new State that will have undue influence over  the Nation's Federal Government.   So, my motion contains reasonable additions to H.R. 51 that will  require the President to ensure certain amendments to the State  constitution are incorporated before granting statehood. These  provisions reflect the entirety of the Nation's views, not just those  of cities controlled by Democrats.   There is provision that prohibits the former capital from being a  sanctuary city. These are provisions that prohibit taxpayer funds being  used for political campaigns. These are provisions to protect  Americans' Second Amendment rights. These are provisions that provide  full funding for law enforcement, that prohibit the destruction of our  national monuments, that prohibit the creation of so-called autonomous  zones.   Since early entry of new States into the Union, Congress has required  that constitutions of the new States reflect certain considerations  before granting admission. Nevada and West Virginia were required to  prohibit slavery. Various Western States were required to prohibit  polygamy.   These requests do not violate the Supreme Court's equal footing  doctrine, but the idea of the State of Washington, Douglass  Commonwealth containing wholly within it the entirety of the Federal  Capital does, in fact, violate this doctrine.   A State with a controlling influence over the Nation's Federal  Government and Capital is simply not on equal footing with the other 50  States. It is above them.   A vote for the majority's design for D.C. statehood is a vote for  D.C.'s superiority. The Founders recognized the status of Washington,  D.C. House Republicans do not support deviation from their vision.   However, if the Democrats insist on creating this new State, it is  only fair that it be established as a State with policy values that  more closely reflect the rest of the country.   I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this motion to recommit, and  I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the attempted  veto override of H.J. Res. 76.   When this legislation was advanced through this Chamber in January,  the majority sought to turn back the clock on borrower defense leading  to dangerous consequences for students, those repaying their loans, and  the American taxpayer. The Obama-era rule, which the majority seeks to  return us to, in this legislation was marked by regulatory chaos,  excessive punishments, and ridiculous costs. The Obama rule provided no  clarity and sought to forgive student loans at a massive scale,  regardless of the cost to taxpayers or merits of the borrower's case.   Mr. Speaker, most importantly, the Obama-era regulations did not  distinguish between deliberate fraud and unintentional errors made by  schools, which is critical because the Department can levy substantial  financial penalties against institutions found to engage in fraud,  which can cause a school to close despite no intentional wrongdoing,  thus ending access to alternative avenues for higher education for some  current and prospective students.   Estimates put the total cost of the Obama Loan Forgiveness giveaway  as high as $40 billion. That is why in 2019, the Trump administration  issued the new Borrower Defense Institutional Accountability Rule. The  new rule, which takes effect on July 1, provides regulatory clarity;  affords due process to both students and institutions; provides  students relief relative to actual harm; holds all institutions  accountable for misrepresentation; provides students with more options  to continue their education, should their school close; and allows for  faster relief by allowing institutional level arbitration. Importantly,  the 2019 rule is estimated to save taxpayers $11 billion from the 2016  Obama-rule baseline.   Mr. Speaker, we simply cannot afford to return to the outdated,  costly, and confusing Obama-era rule. I also urge a ``no'' vote,  because with respect to this issue, Congress should stay in its lane.   The Trump administration was rightly using its authority to implement  the laws promulgating the new Borrower Defense Institutional  Accountability Rule. They did so at a substantial savings to the  taxpayer, while protecting student borrowers and holding bad actors  accountable.    