 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R.  5332, the Protecting Your Credit Score Act. I support this bill  because, like so many Americans, I personally know the frustration of  dealing with erroneous marks on your credit report and thought I would  share a recent story.   About a month ago, I got a letter from a bank where I don't have an  account, Bank of America. They were thanking me for something that I  didn't recognize. So, I did what all good Americans do: I threw it in  the recycle bin and moved on with my day.   The next day, I got a similar letter from Navy Federal Credit Union,  where I also do not have an account. This one had a summary of my  credit score and was shortly followed with another note saying that my  account was overdrawn by $3,250.   I am going to be honest. The only reason that the Navy Federal Credit  Union letters got my attention and didn't end up in the recycling bin  is because they were addressed to Lieutenant Commander Sean Casten. I  have been called a lot of things in this job, but that is a rank that I  have never earned.   A few phone calls and a similar overdraft notification from Bank of  America later, and I had fraud alerts placed on both accounts.   On the advice of the banks, I called TransUnion to ensure this  wouldn't show up on my credit report. The agent was helpful. At the end  of the call, she said: ``Is there anything else I should know?''   And I just couldn't resist telling her: ``Only that I am a member of  the House Financial Services Committee with oversight of you, and I  appreciate how helpful you have been.''   Now, I tell that story because I was able to correct this. But I can  imagine a ton of other scenarios where I don't check the recycling,  where I am not alleged to be a commissioned naval officer, where I  hadn't been in enough committee hearings on this subject to recognize  fraud early on. And in all those scenarios, this story has a much less  happy ending.   But those incidents happen every day to an awful lot of Americans. We  know 21 percent of consumers had verified errors in their credit  reports. Thirteen percent had errors that affected their credit scores.  Five percent had errors serious enough to cause them to be denied or  pay more for credit. But those are only the accounts we know about.   Many don't know where to turn or have the resources or the time to  correct them. Fraudulent or accidental marks on a credit report can  have a life-altering consequence, so it is important that those reports  are correct.   But credit scores and reports are a critical gatekeeper for  Americans' financial well-being and access to the  [[Page H2566]]  most basic building block of the American Dream.   It is determinative in setting premiums for auto and homeowner's  insurance. It informs landlords on which renters they want to rent  their apartments to. Your score determines if you must make a bigger  deposit to get your utilities.   That is why this bill is so important. It creates an online consumer  portal where consumers will have free and unlimited access to their  consumer reports and credit scores.   Allowing consumers the ability to initiate disputes about credit  report accuracy--rather than all the rigmarole I had to go through--and  to place or remove a security freeze, is a critical tool that allows  Americans the control and the ability to remedy those errors.   It is 2020. It is long past time to modernize the way that consumers  address errors on their credit scores.   I thank Representative Gottheimer for introducing this bill, and I  urge my colleagues to vote ``yes.''   