 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, as we have been working over these last  several weeks to develop police reform legislation, I figured the best  use of my time would be to spend that time listening, as much as  anything else--listening, for example, to Black Americans about their  experiences with law enforcement and the changes they would like to see  in our country; listening to my colleagues in the Senate about the most  effective ways to make these changes, especially under the leadership  of Senator Tim Scott, who has personally experienced the injustices we  are trying to address, and, particularly, this deficit of trust between  law enforcement and the communities they serve; and listening to  leaders in Texas who are working hard--in the midst of this pandemic  and widespread protesting--to keep every single Texan safe. You would  think, before we decide on what reforms to take, it is important to  hear from those who know best what is working, what isn't, and what we  need to do more of.   A few weeks ago, I called two of my friends, who happen to be the  mayor of Dallas and the mayor of Houston, Eric Johnson in Dallas and  Sylvester Turner in Houston, and asked them to help me pull together a  group of people in both of those major American cities for an open  conversation about these issues. Less than a week later, I was in  Dallas for an open and honest conversation with a group of law  enforcement, faith, and community leaders. They provided very useful  feedback and ideas that I brought back with me while the JUSTICE Act  was in draft form. After the bill was introduced last week, I was eager  to hear from more folks in Texas.   Last Friday, I traveled to Houston for another similar type of  discussion at city hall. Like in Dallas, we were able to hear from a  variety of points of view familiar with these challenges. I was glad to  also be joined by Senator Cruz and Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee. In  a way, I thought it was a coincidence, but maybe not, that this  conversation happened on Juneteenth--a day that allows us to reflect on  the progress we have made in the fight for equality. This year--I would  say more than normal--it was a reminder of how far we have to go.   At this point, I would like to say the good news is there is a lot of  common ground and good will, and I think we have a unique opportunity  to do what I told the Floyd family I would do when they told me they  wanted Texas-size justice. I think some good can actually come out of  this tragedy, their loss of their loved one.   I heard an inspiring message from Bishop James Dixon, who is the  pastor at Community of Faith Church and first vice president of the  Houston NAACP. He talked about the need for unity and action in  response to the widespread protests we are seeing and encouraged  everyone, as he put it, to ``dignify the outcry.''   We need to affirm that, yes, there is a problem; yes, it has gone  unaddressed for too long; and yes, we are going to do our best to do  something about it. While there may be differences of opinion on the  best route to take, the good news is we are all pulling in the same  direction.   During our conversation, I was able to talk briefly about the JUSTICE  Act, which was introduced, as I said, last week. Among other things,  they seemed to be pleased the bill would strengthen deescalation  training, as well as training on the duty to intervene in case there is  something inappropriate occurring, the use of body cameras,  incentivizing the States to restrict the use of choke holds, and make  lynching a Federal crime.   I received some great feedback on how it will ensure that police  departments nationwide are using proven best practices to keep our  communities safe. As we prepare to debate this legislation this week,  that conversation could not have been more timely.   Another common theme--and I have heard this before--is the growing  strain on our law enforcement officers. I remember several years ago  Chief David Brown saying: We ask our police to do too much. Basically,  they are the ones who we know will go quickly to a crisis and  intervene, no matter what it is, whether it is a domestic crisis, a  mental health crisis, or somebody breaking the law. Mayor Turner, in  particular, talked about how the list of responsibilities we are giving  our law enforcement officers keeps growing longer and longer and  longer. They are not just fighting crime; they are responding to calls  about drug abuse, mental health, domestic violence, homelessness, and a  range of other crises. Between COVID-19 and the ongoing protests, their  jobs are not getting any easier.   As Police Chief Art Acevedo pointed out, police are performing these  jobs not by design but because there is basically nobody else to do  them--by default. There is no question we need more support services  that can help alleviate some of this strain on our law enforcement  officers. Over the years, we have tried to bolster services  available for things like the First Step Act, which took prison reform  from the State level to the national level. We put money into Project  Safe Neighborhoods grants and Mental Health and Safe Communities Act  grants. In particular, I remember when we debated the Mental Health and  Safe Communities Act grants to help train law enforcement to deescalate  conflicts between people undergoing a mental health crisis, during  which an escalating level of crisis would be a threat not only to the  individual who is undergoing that crisis but to the officer, him or  herself. We actually found it to be very effective, this training.    As this list of responsibilities we are giving our law enforcement  officers has grown, so has the need for additional training and  additional funding for support services--ancillary services that can  work in conjunction with our law enforcement officials so we can get  the most efficient, most effective response to the person who needs it.   That is precisely why defunding the police is not the answer to the  challenges we are facing. It is really an insult, if you think about  it, and it is living in a fantasyland.   Chief Acevedo shared an analogy a fellow police chief and friend of  his made about the effort to shift responsibility from police to other  providers. He said: If you are building a new stadium, you wouldn't  tear down or stop using the old one until the new one was complete.   If cities strip funding from their police departments without having  other  [[Page S3119]]  support services in place, our communities wouldn't be more safe; they  would be significantly less safe. So rather than cutting funding while  those services are being established and strengthened in cities across  the country, let's talk about the reforms that make sense.   The most impactful reforms are going to be made at the State and  local levels. We can't be a city council for 330 million people. Those  responsibilities, ultimately, are born at the local and State level.  They are the ones accountable to the voters for the actions they take  or don't take at the local level, but we know there is a role for us to  play. Much of it has to do with identifying things like best practices,  as well as providing money for training and resources. The hiring is  done at the local level, officer training is conducted there, and  decisions about day-to-day police activities are made there.   During our discussion, Mayor Turner expressed the need for folks in  Congress to listen to mayors, and I am all for that. For any law we  pass or reforms we make, they will be the ones responsible for  implementing the changes we make.   I have been in close contact with my mayors and other officials  across the State, and I don't intend for that to stop once we, Lord  willing, pass a police reform bill.   This has to be an ongoing conversation between local officials, State  officials, and those of us who happen to work here in Washington in the  Congress. This conversation is not going to be a brief one. It is not  going to be a one-time conversation. This is going to stretch on for  weeks and months. Really, what we are talking about is a cultural  change as much as anything else.   I want to, once again, thank the men and women in Texas who wear the  uniform of our police departments and those who shared with me their  ideas and feedback over the last few weeks. It has been incredibly  valuable and will become even more helpful as we begin debating the  JUSTICE Act this week.   Senator Scott, who is leading us on this legislative effort, has done  a great job of compiling a broad set of reforms that will improve  transparency and accountability. Many of these provisions, as I said a  few minutes ago, already enjoy broad bipartisan support.   This legislation, I believe, will go a long way to improve  accountability and transparency and deliver real change to communities  across the country. I am glad that at Senator Schumer's request,  Senator McConnell put a bill on the floor before the Fourth of July.  That is specifically what Senator Schumer called for and exactly what  Senator McConnell said he intends to do.   Now that we have the opportunity to turn talk into action, it does  sound like our friends across the aisle are getting cold feet. I have  been interested to read in the press where some of them said they  haven't really made up their mind whether they will even allow us to  get on the bill.   We can't pass a bill that we can't start. Once we start it, they will  be given every opportunity to offer amendments to help improve the  bill. But shutting it down just out of a fit of pique or overt  politicalization does not do a service to the people we are trying to  help here: to help our law enforcement officials and to help the  general public and people who sense a gap of trust between those  officers and the law enforcement community they serve.   Our Democratic colleagues are weighing whether to block us from even  considering this bill, one that will be put on the floor, debated and  voted on, just as Senator Schumer, the Democratic leader, requested.  Unfortunately, our friends across the aisle seem focused more on the  few differences between Senator Scott's bill and the House bill rather  than the similarities. This is where I think the 80-20 rule ought to  apply. If we can agree to 80 percent or 70 percent or 60 percent, why  don't we do that? Why don't we put that in the bank and work on the  rest?   The truth is, there are many places where these bills overlap, and  there is a lot of room for us to find common ground. In order to do  that, our colleagues across the aisle need to do what maybe is not  their first instinct and that is to cooperate--that is the only way we  get things done here--and prove to the American people that they are  sincere in their desire to see us debate and pass effective reforms.  There is a difference between doing that and just grandstanding and  posturing, but this is not a time to grandstand. This is not a time to  posture. This is a time to roll up our sleeves and work together to get  things done. We need realistic, resolute, and immediate action in order  to repair that broken relationship between law enforcement and some of  the community they serve. So I hope our Democratic colleagues will join  us in that effort this week.    I appreciate, for one, the hard work and leadership of Senator Scott  in drafting this legislation, and I appreciate the majority leader,  Senator McConnell, for prioritizing its consideration on the floor. I  am a proud cosponsor of the JUSTICE Act, and I look forward to voting  for this bill when the opportunity comes.   I yield the floor.   