 Mr. President, I want to thank my colleague from the  great State of West Virginia for his work on this over the past many,  many years, as we have worked on, individually, the Land and Water  Conservation Fund and the Restore Our Parks Act, for his leadership on  the Energy and Natural Resources committee. I am grateful to Senator  Manchin for his leadership and friendship.   So many people worked on this together: Senator Burr and the work he  did, tirelessly, year after year, on the Land and Water Conservation  Fund; of course, Senator Heinrich, Senator Warner, Senator Portman,  Senator Alexander on the Restore Our Parks Act, Senators King,  Cantwell--all crucial to the success this bill will see today--Senators  across both sides of the aisle coming together for what one newspaper  in Colorado described as the holy grail of conservation legislation.   But it is the staff as well. I start with Senator Daines and his  leadership on the Land and Water Conservation Fund, the Restore Our  Parks Act, his  [[Page S3037]]  leadership on the Parks Subcommittee and the Great American Outdoors  Act; Senator Daines and his staff, Jason Thielman, Darin Thacker,  Joshua Sizemore, Holly Hinojosa; Senator Warner, Elizabeth Falcone,  Micah Barbour; Senator Portman, along with Pam Thiessen and Sarah  Perry--incredible work by staff members.   In Senator King's office we were greatly aided by Chad Metzler and  Morgan Cashwell; Senator Alexander's great team of David Cleary,  Allison Martin, and Anna Newton; Senator Cantwell's, Amit Ronen; and  Senator McConnell, Terry Van Doren.   Obviously, for the floor time, I am very grateful to Senator  McConnell for bringing us to the floor to allow this debate to take  place over the last week and a half and the work that we did to achieve  and secure the President's support for the Great American Outdoors Act.   Senator Heinrich, Lio Barrera, Maya Hermann; Senator Manchin, Lance  West, Renae Black, David Brooks; Senator Burr's staff of Natasha  Hickman, Joshua Bowlen; and of course on my team, the outstanding  work--they have to overcome a lot working with me, Ashley Higgins,  Spencer Hamilton, Dustin Sherer, Jennifer Lorain, and Curtis Swager. I  am grateful to all of them for their work and their support.   The Great American Outdoors Act is the culmination of two things that  have taken this Congress a long time to be able to pass. In fact, we  tried last Congress to get it out of the House, and we couldn't do it  alone under the Restore Our Parks Act. We tried and we got pieces and  parts of the Land and Water Conservation Fund done, but we couldn't  quite get the whole thing until we brought these two bills together.   Senator Manchin, Senator Burr, Senator Daines--the whole group of  people whom I mentioned, working bipartisan across the aisle to make  this happen.   The two bills together will help create significant opportunity for  all of America. This isn't a bill that just benefits the East or the  West. This isn't a bill that just benefits the coastal States or the  interior States.   This is a chart that shows the States that benefit from the Great  American Outdoors Act. The States that are in green shows who benefits  from the Great American Outdoors Act. The States in orange are the  States that do not get the benefit from the Great American Outdoors  Act.   There are no States in orange. The entire country, from Alaska and  Hawaii to Florida and Maine and everywhere in between, benefits from  the Great American Outdoors Act.   We know this is going to create jobs across the country: $495 million  dollars a year in the Land and Water Conservation Fund. For every $1  million a year invested in the Land and Water Conservation Fund, it  supports between 16 and 30 jobs. This bill will assure full and  permanent funding in the Land and Water Conservation Fund--$900 million  a year--the opportunity to create between 16 and 30 jobs for every $1  million spent.   On national parks, you think about the national park economic  benefits. In 2018, economic benefits from national park visitor  spending increased by over $2 billion. If you look at the number of  just in Colorado alone, we had 7.6 million national park visitors.  Those visitors helped create 7,000--over 7,000 jobs paying over $258  million in income.   Overall, we know this bill on the park side alone will create over  100,000 jobs--100,000 jobs in the communities that were hardest hit by  the first waves of the coronavirus; communities in our public lands  that saw their ski areas shut down, their outfitters canceled.   This will create jobs and opportunity. In Colorado, thousands of jobs  will be created by this portion of the bill alone.   You know, it has been said by some of our greatest advocates that  within our national parks is room--glorious room--in which to find  ourselves, in which to think and hope, to dream and plan, to rest and  resolve.   In 1893, Katharine Lee Bates visited Colorado Springs and climbed up  Pikes Peak. While looking out over the land, she wrote a poem that we  all know very well. She wrote the words to ``America the Beautiful''-- of spacious skies and amber waves of grain. She talked about purple  mountain majesties.   Our lands define who we are--our struggles and triumphs, our homes  and our futures. From the solemnity of the redwoods to the vastness of  the everglades, they inspire us and give us space to dream. In Hawaii,  these lands crackle as new Earth forms from molten rock. In  Pennsylvania, they bear the blood of a nation on the hallowed grounds  of Gettysburg and Flight 93. In Colorado, they are a testament to  prairie and peak, to plateau and pioneer. From sea to shining sea, our  public lands are the story of America.   All of these lands--every single acre--tell the story of a nation  formed out of hope for fairness, justice, equality, and freedom. Acre  after acre shows our Nation's continued struggle to form a more perfect  Union, a nation never content but committed to learning from the  mistakes of the past to become a better place tomorrow than we are  today, and to assure the Nation's greatest treasure, our youth, has  these lands to learn from, to live with, and to prosper on for  generations to come. Long after this Congress adjourns, they will give  life to America, these great and wild places.   In just a few minutes, we will take a vote on a very historic piece  of legislation, and I hope that my colleagues will find it within them  to vote yes on this important piece of legislation for generations to  come.   I yield the floor to Senator Heinrich.   