 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I do want to point out that the Foreign Intelligence  Surveillance Act of 1978--note the first word is ``Foreign''--the  Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 provided authorities for  the collection of foreign intelligence information to protect the  United States from foreign threats. These authorities were expanded  after 9/11, and their use has exceeded the original intent.    The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court provides authorization  via court order. Inspector General Horowitz's recent report revealed  intentional abuse of the FISA process by FBI officials investigating  the Trump campaign, investigating the Trump campaign for alleged  collusion with Russia during the 2016 Presidential campaign. After  extensive study by Special Counsel Robert Mueller, no such connection  could be found.   In addition, agents of the FBI reportedly used official meetings with  then-President-elect Trump and incoming National Security Advisor  Michael Flynn for the purposes of gathering information on them,  intelligence information. These politically driven actions by the FBI  were highly irregular; inappropriate; and, in the case of inaccurate  FISA court applications, actually criminal.   It is not legal to lie to a FISA court judge. Yet, no one has been  held accountable. No one has stood trial. Certainly, no one has served  a sentence to account for these crimes.   Madam Speaker, what is the point of passing a law if the enforcement  agency is the one abusing it? This is malfeasance of the highest order,  and it certainly must not go unpunished.   Let's be clear: We all want to protect the American people. Part of  that responsibility includes authorizing certain activities by our  intelligence agencies to obtain critical information on foreign  targets. But, no, Americans' civil liberties should not be jettisoned  for that effort.   When the House first passed H.R. 6172, the reauthorization of the USA  FREEDOM Act, I supported the bill because of the improvements that were  made to the FISA process. But since then, we have learned details that  indicate that the abuse was much more widespread and much more  deliberate than initially reported.   Given that, rather than place some additional requirements on the  exercise of existing authorities, I think we must fully reevaluate the  FISA authorities to resolve the right balance between protecting our  Nation and the rights of the American people.   In addition, the administration does not support this bill in its  current form, which means that this is going to be yet another in a  long line of activities undertaken by the Democratic majority that is  not going to be successful.   