 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his  extraordinary leadership. I thank Chairman Scott, Chairman Neal, and  Chairman Pallone.   122,000 Americans have died from COVID-19, nearly 2.6 million are  infected. And, in the midst of this deadly and historic global health  pandemic, with infection rates continuing to rise all across our  country, there has never been a worse time to try to rip away  healthcare from the American people.   But just last week, President Trump and my Republican colleagues  filed a pleading in the Supreme Court to take away healthcare from 20  million Americans and to gut protections for 135 million Americans with  preexisting conditions.    Now, more than ever, Democrats are standing up to fight to protect  access to quality, affordable healthcare. And the Patient Protection  and Affordable Care Enhancement Act does just that. It lowers  healthcare costs; it protects patients with preexisting conditions; it  expands Medicaid; and it lowers the cost of prescription drugs.   Our colleagues on the other side of the aisle have described these  ideas as radical. Only in the Republican Conference is expanding health  coverage and driving down costs and covering more people with  preexisting conditions radical. For the rest of the American people, it  is a basic human right: access to quality, affordable healthcare. The  Patient Protection and Affordable Healthcare Enhancement Act will do  just that.   My colleagues have been on a relentless campaign to repeal the  Affordable Care Act in its entirety and promised they were going to  repeal and replace. They have only tried to repeal. There has never  been a replacement.   Once again, we are stepping into the breach, building on the success  of the Affordable Care Act in the midst of a global health pandemic to  drive down healthcare costs, expand coverage, and protect people with  preexisting conditions.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``aye.''    Mr. Speaker, during this pandemic millions of  Americans have lost their jobs and are dangerously close to losing  their homes. The relief this Congress provided has kept millions of  Americans housed.   We must continue to act.   Thirty percent of renters are not able to pay their rent in June--one  in three.   We passed the HEROES Act to provide emergency relief for renters and  homeowners who desperately need it, because everyone deserves a safe  home, especially during a pandemic when being in our houses keeps us  safe.   The Senate has chosen not to act on the HEROES Act so we must pass  the Emergency Housing Protections and Relief Act to ensure that  millions of Americans remain in their housing until this pandemic ends  and they are able to go back to work.   At a time of a national crisis, I urge my colleagues to please put  aside their partisan bickering and obstruction and pass the Emergency  Housing Protections and Relief Act.   