 I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to pay tribute  to this great Wyoming leader. For nearly a quarter of a century, Mike  Enzi has represented the people of Wyoming in Washington, and he has  done it with intelligence, with intensity, and with integrity.   The Cowboy State and the Capitol are going to sorely miss Mike Enzi.  He has truly supplemented his legacy as the trusted trail boss of the  Wyoming congressional delegation, and it has been an incredible honor  and a great privilege for my wife Bobbi and me to serve the people of  Wyoming alongside Mike and his wife, Diana, who is with us today.   Mike is truly a devoted family man, as well as a man of great and  deep faith. In fact, Mike taught Sunday school over the decades. Many  in the Wyoming faith community know that Mike's first Sunday  schoolteacher in Thermopolis, WY, was my wife Bobbi's mother Jerry  Brown.   Jerry and her husband Bob, a World War II and Korean war veteran,  both passed away this past year, and they had been married 70 years.  She taught Sunday school in Thermopolis, WY, and her star pupil was  Mike Enzi, to the point that she actually gave Mike Enzi his first  Bible, and he still has that today.   Here in the Senate, Mike has been not just a close friend to me and a  mentor to me, but he has been that to many Members of this body.   Mike was sworn in 1997. Throughout four terms in the U.S. Senate, he  has never wavered in his commitment to God, to family, to country, and,  of course, to Wyoming. He is known by many as the Senate's moral  compass.   He is a remarkable spiritual leader of our bipartisan Prayer  Breakfast. I am a member of that group and a number of Senators are as  well. We met today, and Mike led us in prayer.   I have seen firsthand just how much Republican and Democrat Members  depend on Mike for his moral and ethical guidance. He really is a  bipartisan not just policymaker but also a peacemaker, and we have all  seen it within this body.   His legislation--he talked about the 80-20 rule. It has a long  history of garnering overwhelming bipartisan support. Over 100 Enzi  bills have become law. I have been proud to sponsor and cosponsor many  of them with him in my time in the Senate. The thing he didn't point  out is that most of the bills passed with over 80 votes. It is rare for  an Enzi bill to get to the floor and pass with any more than 15 to 18  ``no'' votes. It is a remarkable accomplishment.   It is important to note that these bills have been signed by  Republican and Democrat Presidents. When you go into his office, his  whole conference room walls are filled with bills and pens--signed into  law with the pens being used by Bill Clinton, by George W. Bush, by  Barack Obama, and by President Donald Trump.   Behind all of these, as he just talked about, is that very successful  80-20 rule--a rule that he learned while in the Wyoming State  Legislature, and it has worked extremely well for him here in  Washington as well.   But such is the practical Western wisdom in Mike Enzi. Born in 1944  in Bremerton, WA, his father was there serving in the naval shipyards  during World War II. He moved his family to Wyoming shortly thereafter,  and that is when he started elementary school in Thermopolis, WY. They  moved to Sheridan, where he graduated from high school.   Mike didn't talk about this today, but there Mike earned his Eagle  Scout award. He is a proud Eagle Scout, as is his son Brad. His  grandson is working on it as well. Mike has been named a  ``Distinguished Eagle'' by the Scouts.   He has a bachelor's degree in accounting from George Washington  University and an MBA in retail marketing from the University of Denver  in Colorado.   Mike and Diana moved to Gillette in 1969, where they started their  own small business. It is wonderful to listen to Mike talk about small  businesses. It is called NZ Shoes, not as he spells his last name, E-N- Z-I, but the letter ``N'' and the letter ``Z'' so people could remember  NZ Shoes. They later expanded their successful family business to Miles  City, MT, and to Sheridan, WY.    But Gillette, WY, is Mike's true home and where his heart is. He  served 2 terms as Gillette's mayor. During his 8 years as mayor, Mike  led Gillette to their first economic boom. He served 10 years in the  Wyoming State Legislature as a State rep, as well as a State senator.  Wyoming is Mike's world.   Family means the world to Mike. They are the proud parents of three:  Amy, Emily, and Brad; and even prouder grandparents of four: Megan,  Allison, Trey, and Lilly.   Now, anyone who knows Mike knows that he loves to fish. Even during  Prayer Breakfast today, when you watched on the Zoom call, behind Mike  you could see on the wall the fishing rod and all the lures he uses in  fishing on display. He is an accomplished and avid fly-fisherman. In  August 2015, he achieved every fly-fisherman's dream, completing his  Wyoming Cutt-Slam. This Wyoming Game and Fish Department program  increases appreciation for our native cutthroat trout.   If you want to talk to Mike about anything, talk to him about  fishing. His passion comes through with his love of nature for spending  so much time in nature's cathedral of the great outdoors. He fishes in  majestic spots throughout Wyoming and all over the world.   Well, here in Washington, Mike has been a leading voice on budget, on  tax, and on healthcare issues. He serves on the Senate Budget Committee  and has been chairman since 2015. As the first accountant to chair the  Budget Committee, Mike is committed to making government more  accountable to hard-working American taxpayers. He has been a  tremendous Budget chairman. That is because he learned valuable lessons  in the Wyoming Legislature where, like all American families, you need  to balance your budget every year and live within your means.   Under Mike's leadership, Congress passed balanced budget resolutions  for fiscal years 2016 and 2017 and 2018. He worked tirelessly to pass  these budgets--even working through the night all week for the marathon  floor debates called vote-aramas. His budget blueprints offered a  better fiscal path by reducing wasteful spending, by lightening tax  burdens, and by boosting economic growth.   Mike's fiscal year 2018 budget not only provided a path to balance;  it paved the way for pro-growth, pro-jobs tax relief legislation, the  most comprehensive reform in the Tax Code in over a generation. As a  reconciliation bill, this historic 2017 tax reform bill, the Tax Cuts  and Jobs Act, went through Mike's Budget Committee.   As Budget chairman, Mike has also focused on the soaring national  debt, budget process reform, and oversight of Federal programs.  [[Page S7161]]    Mike also served as a member of the Senate Health, Education, Labor,  and Pensions Committee since his arrival in the Senate. And as a former  chairman and ranking member, he championed the efforts to ensure a  quality education for all. He expanded access to affordable, quality  healthcare, and he spearheaded the most significant pension reform in  30 years, securing millions of Americans' retirement.   He is also a member of the Senate Finance Committee, Homeland  Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, and the Joint Committee on  Taxation.   Other policy successes include improving mine safety, helping end the  AIDS epidemic in Africa, and passing mental health parity.   Mike's highest priority, of course, has always been helping the  people of Wyoming. As he said in announcing his retirement, ``I am an  advocate for Gillette and Campbell County and Wyoming.'' He went on to  say, ``I point out that everyone lives at the local level. No one lives  at the Federal level--or even the state level.'' He said, ``So Diana  and I are your Chamber of Commerce and economic development people for  every town and county in Wyoming all the time.''   Mike started several annual events to boost our State--the Inventors  Conference, the Procurement Conference, and Wyoming Works Tours.   In 2009, Mike and I started Wyoming Wednesdays, and it quickly became  a big hit. This is a great tradition. When people of Wyoming come to  Washington, we greet them every week and get together for coffee and  host a time of doughnuts and friendship, and people love to attend.   But Mike, as well as Diana, are a force in the Senate. Diana did it  again just recently. Mike has called Diana ``the most thoughtful  person'' in the world, and that is no exaggeration. Here in the Senate,  every year Diana hosts a Christmas cookie party to thank, as they  describe, the ``real workers'' who keep the Senate running--the  janitors, cleaning crews, electricians, police officers, and food  service workers. Every year, Diana and her friends work hundreds of  hours and bake hundreds of dozens of cookies. All the Senate workers  look forward to Diana's 200-dozen cookie thank-you event. That is not  200 cookies. It is 200 dozen cookies. It is not unusual for people to  come up to Diana in the hallway and ask when the party is. Mike is the  wonderful cohost.   This year, because of coronavirus, she couldn't do all the baking,  but they have the cookie festival with baked cookies. Those who  couldn't get to receive them in locations, Mike and Diana walked the  halls of this building and the Senate office buildings to make sure  that the guards and the custodians and janitors and others got their  Christmas cookies.   Mike is usually a man of few words, but in a recent Prayer Breakfast,  he reminded everyone about the importance of thinking before we speak.  He titled his presentation ``Me and My Big Mouth.'' He reminded us that  our mouths cannot be trained--as you said, Mike--only guarded.   Mike is a true Wyoming gentleman, someone who will always be a great  friend and a mentor to me, to younger people in Wyoming, and to  everyone here in the Senate.   In my office, there is a picture on the wall of my first day in the  Senate, right here in 2007, being sworn in by then-Vice President  Cheney, with Senator Enzi, along with former Senator Malcolm Wallop,  standing behind. It has been a tremendous privilege to serve with Mike  from the very first day in the U.S. Senate.   The people of Wyoming owe him an incredible debt of gratitude for his  tireless and faithful service. Mike's character, his courage, and his  credibility have cemented his legacy as a highly respected leader of  the Senate.   So today many Senators are here gathering to listen to, to honor, and  to thank Mike Enzi for his decades of distinguished service to the  Nation.   I yield the floor.   