 Madam President, let me briefly respond to some of the  points that Majority Leader McConnell has made, to his inaccurate  statements.   Now, I am delighted that, after years of talking on the floor of the  Senate about socialism for the rich, apparently, that has gotten across  to my Republican friends. Of course, that is what we do every single  day. That is why we have the incredible level of income and wealth  inequality that exists in this country, because, decade after decade,  we have used this body to provide massive tax breaks to the rich and  provide corporate welfare to corporations that don't need it. That is  socialism for the rich. The majority leader is right, but let's talk  about, in fact, what is in this bill.   According to the Tax Policy Center, fewer than 1 percent of the  benefits of the direct payments--that is the $2,000 per working-class  adult that Senator Schumer and I are talking about--would go to the top  5 percent of Americans. Virtually nothing would go to the very, very  rich. The overwhelming majority of those funds would go to the middle  class, the working class, low-income people, who in the midst of this  pandemic are in desperate economic condition.   Again, I am delighted to hear the majority leader talking about  socialism for the rich, and I hope we will continue that discussion in  the next session. Let me talk about the socialism for the rich that the  majority leader is enthusiastically supportive of as the majority  leader helped to lead this body to pass Trump's tax bill.   Now, do you want to talk about socialism for the rich, Mr. Majority  Leader?   Under that bill, Charles Koch--one of the very richest people in  America, who has a net worth of $113 billion--received a $1.4 billion  tax break.   Mr. Majority Leader, that sounds, to me, like socialism for the rich.  Ah, but that is not all.   In Nevada, you have a gentleman named Sheldon Adelson, who is a major  contributor to the Republican Party and a big funder for Donald Trump.  Under that same tax bill led by the majority leader, Sheldon Adelson  received a $560 million tax break. A guy who is worth $34 billion  desperately needed that tax break of $560 million.   Do you want more tax breaks for the rich? Do you want to talk about  socialism for the rich?   Senator McConnell had no problem giving a $104 million tax refund to  Amazon over the past 3 years despite the fact that the company made $30  billion in profits. So the argument that this bill, in any significant  way, benefits the rich is just not accurate, but let us talk about whom  this bill does benefit.   This bill benefits tens of millions of Americans who, as a result of  this pandemic, have lost their jobs and have lost their incomes. Some,  in fact, have lost their lives. These are people who are going hungry  today. We are seeing today a recordbreaking level of hunger in  America--the richest country in the history of the world. All over this  country--and I receive emails from people all over this country--people  are frightened to death that they are going to be evicted from their  homes. Think about what a $4,000 check or a $5,000 check would mean to  those struggling families--husband, wife, kids. In fact, let me give  you an example.   This is a problem taking place all over this country. It is taking  place in Vermont. It is taking place in Senator Schumer's State. It is  taking place in Kentucky. In fact, the State of Kentucky--a very  beautiful State; I have had the pleasure of being there a number of  times--a beautiful State--is the State in which 10 out of the 25  poorest counties in America exist. I am sure Senator McConnell is aware  that, throughout his State, you have thousands and tens of thousands of  people living in economic desperation. I am talking about counties  where 30 to 40 percent of people are living in poverty and where many  thousands of residents are trying to survive on less than $20,000 a  year.   I am just using Kentucky as an example because that is the State  Senator McConnell represents, but it is true all over this country.   In Kentucky, over 22 percent of the children are living in poverty.  Do you think they might need a little bit of help?   In the State of Kentucky, more than 190,000 workers are making  extremely low wages, and over a half a million people earn less than  $15 an hour. Somebody might want to ask those people what a $2,000  check per adult would mean. I am talking about Kentucky, and I will  never forget this because I visited Kentucky and talked to some of the  people there. Kentucky has suffered from a particular opioid crisis. I  will never forget talking to a football coach who told me that a bunch  of the kids on his football team were living with their grandparents or  on couches because of the opioid epidemic.    In other words, the people in Kentucky, the people in New York, and  the people in Vermont are hurting. They need help.   So I say today to Senator McConnell, the leader here, let us address  the horrendous economic crisis facing tens of millions of Americans.   The pandemic today is worse than it has ever been. Hopefully,  hopefully, the vaccine will make a profound difference, but, right now,  people are hurting, and they are looking to this institution. They are  looking to Congress. The House did the right thing. They are now  looking to the Senate. They are looking to Senator McConnell.   After all is said and done and after all of the legalese--and I am  going to be introducing some legalese in a moment--it comes down to one  thing: Senator McConnell disagrees with the proposal that Senator  Schumer and I are making. I got it. That is fine. This is a democracy.  He has the right to his point of view. I would love to have the debate  on the floor with Senator McConnell about this legislation. All that we  are asking is to give us the opportunity to vote up or down on whether  or not working families in this country should be able to receive a  $2,000 check. Senator McConnell disagrees.   Come to the floor. Tell us why you disagree. Then we will do what  this institution is supposed to do. We will have a vote.  [[Page S7988]]    The truth is, in the House, Senator McConnell knows that 44  Republicans voted for the House bill, which won, by the way, by a 2-to- 1 majority. Two-thirds of the House voted to make sure that working  Americans would get a $2,000 check. Right here in the Senate, there are  a number of Republicans--it is not clear how many--who have already  gone public in saying they think it is a good idea that we go forward  with the House bill.   So all that I am asking Senator McConnell is to give us a vote. What  is the problem? You can vote no. By the way, we need 60 votes--a  majority. There is no question in my mind that a majority of the  Senators will vote yes, but because of house rules, we need 60 votes.  So we are going to have to get 48 Democrats--that is what we have--plus  12 Republicans. Can we get 12 Republicans? I don't know--maybe we can;  maybe we can't--but give us a vote. What is the problem? What is the  problem with having the American people see how their Senators vote on  this issue of such enormous importance?   As Senator Schumer indicated, Senator McConnell has some other  concerns.   He is concerned about section 230 of the 1996 Federal  Telecommunications Act. I am sure that this is absolutely on the minds  of everybody in Vermont, in New York, and in Kentucky. It is probably  all that they are talking about, the 1996 Telecommunications Act. Fine.  If he wants a vote on that, bring it to the floor. Let's vote on it as  a separate bill.   Do you want to talk about election security? Senator Schumer is  right. There are a lot of issues out there. I am concerned about voter  suppression. I am concerned about people waiting online for 5 hours to  cast a vote. I am concerned about voter intimidation. Senator McConnell  has different points of view. Let's have that discussion. Put together  a commission. No problem. Bring that bill to the floor. Yet everybody  understands that, when you combine all three elements, this is a poison  pill designed to kill that legislation.   After everything is said and done, all of this comes down to one  simple fact: Will Senator McConnell, the Republican leader of the U.S.  Senate, allow this body to vote on a bill which will provide $2,000 per  person to working-class families all across this country? That is what  this whole debate is about. It is not whether you like the bill or you  don't like it. We can have that debate. We have 3 days left in this  Congress. The House did the right thing. It is now time for the Senate  to have that vote.   Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that at 3 p.m. today,  Thursday, December 31, the Senate proceed to the consideration of  Calendar No. 645, H.R. 9051, to provide a $2,000 direct payment to the  working class; that the bill be considered read a third time and the  Senate vote on the passage of the bill; and that if passed, the motion  to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; further, that  following the vote on H.R. 9051, the Senate resume consideration of the  veto message on H.R. 6395, the National Defense Authorization Act, and  the Senate vote on the passage of the bill, the objections of the  President to the contrary notwithstanding, all with no intervening  action or debate.   