 Madam President, I come to the floor today to urge my  colleagues to support amendment No. 2411, offered by the Senator from  Oklahoma, and oppose amendment No. 2252, offered by the Senator from  Hawaii.   I have heard from law enforcement in my State. They use this program  to get critical search-and-rescue equipment that saves lives. In  Sweetwater County, the sheriff used equipment from the 1033 Program to  rescue 22 people in just 5 months. In Big Horn County, equipment from  the program rescued a family who was kayaking when 6-feet waves arose.  A boat from this program was the only equipment that could break  through the waves to rescue the family. Without the 1033 Program, they  would not be able to afford this lifesaving equipment.   Sometimes the equipment is not used, in which case we are pleased  that there is no need for a search and rescue that year, or some of it  is converted to fire protection equipment.   The burdensome paperwork required by the amendment offered by the  Senator from Hawaii would effectively end access to the program for the  local law enforcement in my State whose departments are small. Our  towns are small. The activities have to be combined between fire and  police protection.   Senator Inhofe has attempted to find the middle ground. His amendment  requires reforms and training without an egregious paperwork burden  that could end this important program.   Again, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of amendment 2411  offered by Senator Inhofe.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I rise today to discuss our Federal  finances and the need to address our unsustainable fiscal debt and  deficit.   The Federal budget has already been on an unsustainable path before  COVID-19 reached our shores and before the pandemic and our  government's response to it, which has accelerated what I believe is a  coming day of reckoning.   I recognize the unprecedented crisis presented by COVID-19. I support  the necessary response. Together, Congress has passed and the President  has signed five separate pieces of legislation responding to the  pandemic and its economic fallout that together will cost more than $2  trillion.   I never would have supported trillions in new spending unless I truly  believed that it was necessary to combat the virus and prevent economic  catastrophe resulting from the government shuttering the economy. I  know many of my colleagues feel that same way.   When this crisis abates--and it will--the Federal Government cannot  afford to return to the status quo of unsustainable budgets and surging  debt that jeopardizes the prosperity of future generations. We have to  start serious conversation about how we are going to pay our bills and  put our finances on a more sustainable path. We can justify aggressive  borrowing and spending as necessary during times of crisis, but that  can't be the default.   So far this fiscal year, we have already run up a deficit of $2.7  trillion in 1 year, more than triple the size of the deficit we ran at  the same time last year. The Congressional Budget Office says that we  are on track to spend $3.7 trillion more than we take in this year, and  that is assuming we don't pass new COVID legislation. By the end of the  fiscal year, our publicly held debt will exceed the size of our economy  and, by the end of next year, debt as a percentage of the economy will  be higher than it has ever been in our history. I have a little chart  here that demonstrates that.   We have been fortunate the interest rates on our debt are currently  low, and the government has been able to borrow the funds necessary to  address the crisis caused by the pandemic. The dollar has remained  relatively strong, helping to keep inflation low. The U.S. dollar  remains the world's reserve currency and the safe haven for investments  in the current time of crisis.   But how long will that be the case if we continue to run trillion- dollar deficits each year? Future Congresses will not have the same  flexibility to deal  [[Page S4322]]  with their own crises if we leave them saddled with an enormous  national debt. They will not be able to fund new emergency programs  without cutting other spending or raising revenues.   That is why it is so critical that we get a hold of our debt and  deficits once we emerge from this pandemic. Regardless of what some  people far outside of the economic mainstream are saying, there are  constraints on how much government can borrow and spend without  triggering higher interest rates or inflation. If we just start  printing money to pay for overspending, our country could face the  curse of stagflation, a combination of high inflation and low to no  economic growth. We haven't had to think about this type of devastating  combination since the late seventies, and that is economic history we  should not repeat.   Even if we have the capacity for significant, one-time emergency  spending, we should bear in mind the fact that the Federal Government  doesn't have a good track record of reducing spending after it has  ratcheted it up during a crisis.   I would remind my colleagues of the old adage: There is nothing so  permanent as a temporary government program. We are already hearing  calls to extend or make permanent many of the temporary entitlement  expansions enacted in previous bills.   More legislation may be needed to combat the virus and help the  economy, but we cannot use the crisis to justify opening the spending  floodgates and borrowing from future generations to fund nonemergency  priorities. Low interest rates do not mean that government spending is  free or that we don't need to spend it wisely.   The House of Representatives has passed a bill that the Congressional  Budget Office says will cost nearly $3.5 trillion. That is more than  the cost of all the COVID-19 legislation we have already enacted  combined. Are we to believe every penny of that is absolutely  necessary?   A $60 billion bailout for union pensions? A massive giveaway for  wealthy individuals living in high-tax States? Billions in student loan  forgiveness for all borrowers, regardless of income and ability to pay?   We should not view this crisis--a crisis that claimed over 130,000  American lives and left millions out of work--as an opportunity to  enact things that have nothing to do with the pandemic.   And it is not just the lower Chamber. The Senate recently approved  $17 billion in new mandatory spending for the Land and  Water Conservation Fund and park and public lands maintenance. We  refused to consider an amendment to even try to pay for that bill, an  attempt that would have mostly charged foreigners visiting our parks.  As I said, if we don't try to pay for that bill, what will we pay for?    We are just adding to an already long list of unfunded mandatory  spending programs that we allow to operate on autopilot without ever  being voted on or ever being evaluated again. Nobody runs a business  like that. Even though these programs are allowed to bypass the annual  appropriations process, most of them don't have any dedicated revenue  to pay for the spending. And those that do collect their own revenue  often spend more than they take in--with no vote. It just happens. Even  before the pandemic, the Congressional Budget Office projected that  Social Security spending over the next 10 years would total $15.2  trillion. But listen to this: The program's dedicated tax revenues  would only cover $12.5 trillion of that--$15.2 trillion cost; $12.5  trillion revenue. Medicare's taxes and premiums were projected to cover  only half of the program's $12.6 trillion spending over the next 10  years. We put the rest of it on the Nation's credit card left to be  paid for by future generations. What kind of a crisis are they going to  have?   This chart shows again that this is the revenue coming in for Social  Security, and this is the additional we have to borrow. This is the  money coming in from Medicare, and this is the additional we have to  borrow. Medicaid, we borrow every bit of it. The total revenue that we  receive will not cover these deficits, so everything else that we do we  will have to borrow for it.   If the interest rate were to go up to its norm of 5 percent, we  wouldn't be able to do defense; we wouldn't be able to do education; we  wouldn't be able to do anything else, infrastructure or otherwise, that  we expect the Federal Government to do for us. We have to start getting  control of it. It isn't an unlimited source of money. We are putting it  on the Nation's credit card, and the future generations will have to  pay for it.   There are a couple of ways you can pay for it. One is to eliminate  the services. The other one is to increase revenues. Another one, of  course, is to eliminate a lot of duplication that we have, but we don't  even have an appetite for that.   We have over 100 housing programs. Tell me there is no duplication in  100 housing programs, but we don't look at them. Most of them are  mandatory. So we can just ignore the impacts of them and the fact that  we have multiple administrators doing the same job, and we don't even  know if it is effective.   I have been trying for a long time through the Budget Committee to  get a list of the programs we fund. Now, you would think, if we are  writing checks, that we would have a list of programs, wouldn't you? We  don't have a list of programs. We don't know what we own. We don't know  when it is going to wear out. We don't know what the cost of  replacement would be. All are very basic business decisions, but we  just keep sliding everything over to mandatory so it has to be paid for  regardless of whether we have any money or not, and we don't even look  at them. That has to change, and it has to change rapidly or our kids  and our grandkids will find that all of their money has been spent, and  all they can do is pay more taxes.   I am frustrated that we are spending billions without so much as a  discussion about how to pay for things. Yes, we needed a strong  response to the COVID virus, but I am disappointed that we can't work  together on responsible solutions, even modest efforts like a paid-for  fix for our parks and public lands maintenance that I mentioned would  already be paid for by foreign visitors. I am dismayed that we keep  digging the hole deeper for future generations. We all owe it to them  to do better, and I hope we start to do it soon.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   