 Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for arranging for  this opportunity for the Ways and Means Committee to come together to  honor our brother, John Lewis.   Just listening to my colleagues gives me a greater sense of just how  privileged we all have been. I think we often take for granted the  people who are around us, and I don't think we can ever take John for  granted, but to a certain extent, when I arrived here, I got used to  seeing him on the floor.   And it is hard to come to this floor without having a little bit of  anticipation that, of the many privileges that come with serving our  country in this place, the one privilege that I could always count on  was that, even on those tough days when the job wasn't so great, we  could always plan on seeing John Lewis and getting some encouragement  from him.   I met John before I came to Congress, just about 8 years ago, through  my Uncle Dale. Dale Kildee served here for a long time. He served  almost a quarter of a century with John and loved John--still does.   I have talked to Dale about John quite often. That was a relationship  that led to me wanting to make sure that I tried to develop that same  relationship and, of course, becoming a member of the Ways and Means  Committee.   We spend so much time together, despite the fact that we haven't been  able to the last couple of months. As a committee, we spend an enormous  amount of time working together and having meals together and talking  to one another. It felt like I had a chance to get so much closer to  John, and I will never forget that.   As big and monumental a life as he led, as important a voice as he  was, as such a soldier for justice and a figure in American history, as  good and decent as a man he was in that respect, as we all know now, of  course, is that he was that good a friend. He was that good a human  being. He was that generous a person.   For me, the last couple of months, obviously, it has been hard, but  it has been special, because John, under our temporary rules, John, of  course, hasn't been able to be with us in these last couple of months  as he was battling a sickness but asked if I would be willing to carry  his proxy and cast his votes here on the floor.   I don't know that a greater honor could ever be bestowed upon me by  him, but he was always grateful to me. I had to speak to him before  each vote series, and he was always so grateful.   I thought to myself: John, I am grateful to you that you have given  me this honor to cast a vote for the person who is most known for the  sacred right to vote of anyone in our generation, perhaps anyone in our  Nation's history.   The way we honor him, though, is with moments like this; but the best  way that we honor him is to carry his work forward, to continue to do  his work. And so the way I view it, while, for a couple of months I did  carry his vote to this floor, even though John is gone, I think we can  all continue to carry his vote, carry his voice, carry his work to this  place and all across the country.   Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for giving us this opportunity.   