 Madam Speaker, we convene today to pass a desperately  needed relief package that will provide nearly $3 trillion in economic  relief to frontline workers and families. I am proud to speak in favor  of the rule and in strong support of the underlying legislation, the  HEROES Act.   Like many of you, I continue to receive emails, letters, and phone  calls from constituents bearing the brunt of this administration's  disorganized response to the COVID-19 pandemic.   My constituents write: ``I have been denied unemployment even though  I have met every criterion. I am about to lose everything. Please help  me.''   They write: ``I am homeless. I was just laid off because the schools  are closing. I have my granddaughter with me. I need help.''   And they write: ``I am literally on my last $100 for food and have  already maxed out my credit cards. Please help. Please help. Please  help.''   Americans are afraid not just of how they are going to make ends meet  but whether they are going to make it through this pandemic at all.   Yet, this White House remains utterly disconnected from reality,  moving at every opportunity to reject science, sideline medical  experts, and pat themselves on the back for a job well done, even as  the COVID-19 pandemic tears our communities apart.   This week, President Trump said that ``we have prevailed,'' that ``we  are going to have one of the best years we have ever had,'' that we are  beginning to ``transition to greatness.'' The President of the United  States refers to over 80,000 dead Americans as a ``transition to  greatness''? I wish I could say that I was shocked, but I am not.   What we continue to witness is a catastrophe. Calling it anything  less does a great disservice to the millions of Americans who are  affected by this illness.   If there is to be any silver lining in these trying days, at this  exact moment, these public servants are working around the clock to  protect us.   Madam Speaker, I say to my constituents: We see you.   