 Mr. Speaker, I thank my very good friend from Georgia for  yielding.   Normally, when I come down to this floor, it is to debate the rule  with my good friend, the distinguished chairman of the Committee on  Rules, and it is to disagree with the legislation, in many cases. And  at least that is true: I am opposed to the rule and opposed to the  underlying legislation.   Mr. Speaker, the real purpose that I am here today is something that  my friend from Georgia referred to oft too fleetingly in his opening  comments, and that is that this may be his last appearance managing a  rule of the floor of the House.   Now, I had the good fortune to serve in Congress throughout my  friend's distinguished 10-year career. We served, as he said, on the  Committee on Budget together. We have had the opportunity to serve on  both the majority and the minority on the Committee on Rules together.  I was very proud to be a member of the Republican Study Committee-- still am--during his tenure as our chairman.    Mr. Speaker, I have to say, probably something that my good friend,  the chairman, will agree with, we regret very much that my friend has  made the decision to leave Congress and go pursue--and, I am sure,  successfully--other things.   We regret it because   Rob Woodall has been, throughout his 10 years,  a Member's Member, a person whom I have never heard say one ill word  about anyone on either side, even while vigorously disagreeing with  that person; a person who has made us proud with the civility and the  decency with which he has conducted his office and discharged his  duties; somebody that I think everyone on the Committee on Rules not  only likes and admires, but considers an invaluable part of the  Committee on Rules because he manages to make his points and bring out  the best in our committee and, again, do so in a way that is always  civil, that is always appropriate, and, frankly, that is quite often  humorous and diffuses difficult situations.   If we had more Members in the United States House of Representatives  like   Rob Woodall, we would be a better body than we are--and I think  both sides would agree on that. He knows how to conduct debate and  argument. He knows the process. He knows how to work through the  process in a civil manner. I have seen him do it in the majority. I  have seen him do it in the minority.  [[Page H6064]]    I could not be prouder of him and the service he has rendered to this  institution. I could not be, frankly, sorrier about losing a colleague  who I think has contributed each and every day.   Now, Rob was the chief of staff, Mr. Speaker, before he came here, to  one of our predecessors, John Linder, who also was a member of the  Committee on Rules. So he came to this committee really understanding  how it works, much like the chairman, who had a very similar career  pattern himself, working as a staffer then coming on and now,  obviously, rising to the preeminent position on the committee as our  distinguished chairman. He has seen a lot of Members work through this  process as well, just as I have, and I suspect he values my friend,  even though he is on the other side, as deeply as I do.   Mr. Speaker, I just want to say, for the record, to my friend, Rob:  We are going to miss you. We are going to miss you on the committee.  But much more importantly, this institution is going to miss you. It is  going to miss your civility. It is going to miss your decency. It is  going to miss your industry. It is going to miss the manner in which  you represent all of us to your constituents and, frankly, when you  speak on this floor to the people of the United States of America. You  have every reason to be proud of the career that you have built here.  You could never be as proud of your career as all of us are of you and  the manner in which you have conducted yourself.   My friend, this may be the last rule; although, I have got to tell  you, if I can sneak you in one more time, I would. It is like we are  losing, I think, our best pitcher, and if I can find one more game to  stick him in, believe me, I will. But I want to tell you how much I  admire you, how much I like you, how much I revere your career, how  much I will miss you as a Member and a friend.   