 Madam Speaker, I thank my distinguished  colleague from Texas for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I stand here this evening inspired. More specifically,  I am proud, and I am in awe of our American space program and the  monumental step that they took this morning with the launch of the  Perseverance Mars rover on the back of an Atlas V rocket. But the rover  is just one element of this amazing story.   While humans have lived on this planet for millions of years, it was  a mere 117 years ago when Americans were the first to solve the mystery  of sustained, powered flight in our own atmosphere. That is a mere  blink of an eye in the long arc of our planet and our own species'  history. Now, just a few hours ago, besides the rover vehicle, we also  launched a small helicopter named Ingenuity that will ultimately fly in  the atmosphere of another planet.   Madam Speaker, we will operate a helicopter on Mars. We will also  collect samples of the Martian terrain and eventually return those  samples back to Earth in about 6 years for further study.   However, even while I and so many others applaud and celebrate these  American successes, others question our pursuit of such endeavors amid  the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting economic challenges thereof.  They see this endeavor as unnecessary to our survival.   My response to those individuals is simple: You haven't been paying  attention. You haven't been paying attention to what makes this country  the greatest country this world has ever seen.   As Americans, we carry an inherent desire to push ourselves forward  through adversity. In mankind's evolutionary journey from the caves all  the way up now to Mars, there is no greater enemy to the American  spirit than complacency and self-doubt.   Madam Speaker, when you look back upon our Nation's history, the  truth is that there has always been a conflict or a reason not to reach  further towards the next milestone of monumental exploration. But we  have never let that stop us before, and we cannot allow it to stop us  now.   With this mission to Mars, we are inspired not only by the journey,  not only by the machinery, not only by technology and this marvelous  team that got us here, but by the very name of the rover vehicle:  Perseverance. You see, this morning's launch of this precious payload,  the combined efforts of the thousands of Americans over the last 10  years working for NASA, the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, United Launch  Alliance, and others is about to payoff, despite the many technical  challenges, as well as the challenges that COVID-19 produced.  [[Page H4180]]    Just days after the 51st anniversary of the Apollo 11 Moon landing,  we once again sent American hardware beyond the surly bonds of Earth  toward another landmark mission.   And while we celebrate this achievement of American innovation and  our ability to work through challenging and seemingly impossible  problems, we must also remain vigilant. While our aim and our mission  are admirable, not every country carries that same passion and desire  for peaceful exploration. We need look no further than the Chinese  Communist Government and their willingness to antagonize us while  continuing to increase their footprint in the vacuum of space. Madam  Speaker, they are not a near-peer threat; they are, in fact, a peer  threat, especially in this domain.   It is too great a threat to our national security and the rest of the  world to let their efforts go unmatched or uncontested.   For the sake of science and the defense of our precious planet, we  must persevere.   What sets the United States of America apart from the rest of the  world is our resolve, our ingenuity, and our commitment to progress for  noble missions.   I spoke earlier of the American spirit. It is a story of exploration,  and it is a story we haven't finished writing. We continue the next  chapter so that our children and our children's children may know what  it means to succeed where others thought we would stumble to accomplish  what others thought was impossible.   And as we meet here today, two astronauts continue to orbit overhead  thanks to a successful SpaceX rocket launch a couple of weeks ago that  launched American astronauts from our soil to the International Space  Station. Those astronauts will return in just a few short days, and  today we continue writing the story for future generations with yet  another mission to Mars in parallel.   To not only land on Mars, but also fly a helicopter in the Martian  atmosphere, we should take pride in this.   We can hold Communist China accountable and limit its dangerous power  grab. We can survive COVID-19 and develop and deliver a vaccine to our  entire country as well as the world, and we can continue to persevere  in our quest to become a multiplanetary species. We can do all of the  above, and we will.   History will not forgive us if we fail to do so.   Madam Speaker, this evening I say, Godspeed to the Perseverance team  and the thousands who have supported today's successful launch. With  over a decade of preparation, today they demonstrated the true meaning  of American perseverance.   