 Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to call up H.R.  8265 to extend the Paycheck Protection Program to keep millions of  employees on the payroll of America's small businesses.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr.  Westerman) for holding this discussion about forest management.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today because ``California's forests suffer from  neglect and mismanagement, resulting in overcrowding that leaves them  susceptible to disease, insects and wildfire.'' These are not my words.  They are the words of the Little Hoover Commission, an independent  State oversight agency in California.   In their 2018 report entitled ``Fire on the Mountain,'' the Little  Hoover Commission called for a transformational change in California  forest management practices after ``A century of mismanaging Sierra  Nevada forests has bought an unprecedented environmental catastrophe  that impacts all Californians.'' That is a direct quote from the  report.   California's own Legislative Analyst's Office agreed and found that  limitations on timber harvests and emphasis on fire suppression and an  increasing number of environmental permitting requirements have led to  unhealthily dense forests.   Thankfully, both groups recognize that commonsense forest management  practices could not only help prevent wildfires, but also reduce carbon  emissions. Properly managed and healthy forests are more resilient and  sequester more carbon than overgrown forests.   Simple recommendations like shifting from fire suppression to using  fire as a tool and setting up long-term forest management strategies  are just a couple of the low-cost solutions that can help us achieve  healthier forests.   Unlike policies such as the Green New Deal, these practices would  actually help address wildfires and would not cost trillions of dollars  to implement. Furthermore, these actions can all be taken today, and  they fall in line with some of the things that my Republican colleagues  and I have been suggesting on the Select Committee on the Climate  Crisis: that if we take action to mitigate and adapt to the climate  change that we know is going to occur, we could avoid some of the  catastrophes that we are seeing play out in California right now and in  other places in the West.   If you care about protecting our citizens from wildfires and reducing  carbon emissions, then you should support responsible forest  management. Instead of wasting time on unrealistic solutions, we should  take serious action to prevent unnecessary wildfires and  [[Page H5636]]  improve the carbon sequestration potential of our forests.   