 Mr. Speaker, Mike's Western Cafe, a family-run diner for  38 years, closed its doors in Duluth, Minnesota, for good on October 7.   On October 25, Waters of Superior, an art gallery and boutique, went  out of business.   On the 27th of last month, Grandma's in the Park Bar and Grill, a  local watering hole in Hibbing, Minnesota, was forced to call it quits.   And after 10 years in business, the Duluth Candy Company is closing  up shop for good on December 31.   These are just a few stories of so many real people, real small  business owners in my district who are losing their livelihoods due to  effects of the COVID-19 closures. Yet here we are today, with mere days  left in the year to get something done for the American people who are  suffering, and Speaker Pelosi has brought up a drug legalization bill  as mom-and-pop shops close for good, as families remain uncertain where  their next paycheck is coming from, as children struggle to receive  their education, and as childcare facilities close. As seniors remain  isolated from their families, this is their solution: a drug  legalization bill.   Mr. Speaker, my friends on the other side of the aisle like to point  out that they have passed the Heroes Act, so they claim they have done  their part. The Heroes Act was filled with so many partisan wish-list  items that it was embarrassing.   In fact, Speaker Pelosi is so obsessed with pushing drug legalization  efforts forward, she even puts provisions in the Heroes Act--if you can  believe this--a new annual study on diversity and inclusion within the  marijuana industry.   Come on, man. Families are losing their livelihood. People are  hurting.   Mr. Speaker, Speaker Pelosi's answers to these families is: ``It is  out of our hands.''   It is not out of our hands. We have the responsibility and  opportunity to provide relief to the American people. We have the power  to do better and work harder and be better than this.   It is time we think about the real needs of our constituents and get  back to work on legislation that matters. Our priority should not be  legalizing drugs or banning tigers; it must be bipartisan, targeted  COVID-19 relief.   