 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 7608.   Before I get into the details of division C, the Interior and  Environment section of the bill, I take a moment to thank Chairwoman  Lowey and Ranking Member Granger for their steadfast leadership on the  Committee on Appropriations.   I extend my thanks to my friend and colleague, Betty McCollum, the  chair of the Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, Related Agencies.  Chair McCollum has been an excellent leader, and I am glad to have the  opportunity to serve alongside her as the ranking member on the  subcommittee.   Mr. Speaker, the fiscal year 2021 Interior, Environment bill includes  many bipartisan initiatives to conserve and protect our natural  resources and to increase the Federal commitment to honor our treaties  and trust responsibilities with American Indians and Alaska Natives.   The bill increases investments in wildfire suppression, hazardous  fuels activities, provides additional support for the National Park  Service, EPA's rural water technical assistance grants, and fully funds  the Payments in Lieu of Taxes program.   The bill also provides significant funding--more than one-quarter of  the bill--to help Tribal communities across Indian Country with  healthcare, education, and law enforcement needs. This support is  essential given, on a per capita basis, COVID-19 has hit Indian Country  harder than any other area in our Nation.   As a co-chair of the Bipartisan Task Force to End Sexual Violence, I  was pleased to see critical funding included to implement the Violence  Against Woman Act in Indian Country and to support Operation Lady  Justice, an initiative established by the President to address missing  and murdered indigenous people, human trafficking, and other violent  crimes.   Chair McCollum and her staff have worked hard to accommodate these  requests for Members on both sides of the aisle in the bill. They will  be appreciated by our constituents, regardless of party.   In particular, I am grateful for the continued, robust investment in  the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative, which is essential to reducing  harmful algal blooms, eradicating Asian carp, and addressing coastline  erosion.   However, despite these investments and bipartisan priorities, there  are concerns in this bill that will need to be addressed before we  reach bipartisan agreement.   First and foremost, the bill adds several new controversial policy  riders, administrative provisions, and report language directives.  These partisan provisions prevent the administration from reducing  regulatory burdens and limit responsible natural resource development.   Limiting our domestic supply of much-needed natural resources does  not decrease our demand for them, it only makes us more dependent on  foreign nations to obtain them, which is not only a national security  concern, but is also an economic security concern. We cannot protect  American jobs if we cannot supply them with the energy and raw  materials.   This bill also eliminates several longstanding commonsense provisions  that have enjoyed bipartisan support for many years. Adding these  provisions back will be essential to reaching a bipartisan agreement.   A final area of concern is the funding level proposed in this bill.  This bill benefits from off-budget emergency funding provided in other  bills, and instead of using the savings from the passage of the Great  American Outdoors Act towards paying down our ever-growing national  debt, the bill reallocates those funds.   The bill also includes a new title, with $15 billion in so-called  emergency spending for additional infrastructure.   To be clear, there are critical infrastructure programs in this bill  that need these funds and more, but that alone does not give the  Federal Government license to continue to borrow and spend without any  overarching plan for fiscal responsibility.    Mr. Speaker, it is for a combination of these funding and policy  reasons that I cannot support this bill at this time and in its current  form, but I am committed to working with my colleagues on both sides of  the aisle as we move through the fiscal year 2021 process to craft a  bill that can receive bipartisan support.   Mr. Speaker, until then, I strongly urge my colleagues to vote ``no''  on this package.    Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the  amendment. This amendment interferes with an already rigorous  scientific and public review process before the process has even been  completed.   The public comment period closed less than a month ago, and the EPA  is in the process of considering more than 66,000 public comments  received and making corresponding changes to the proposal.   The EPA's proposal to maintain the standards set by President Obama  comes after careful consideration of the most current available  scientific evidence and risk and exposure information and with  consultation and confirmation by the agency's independent science  advisors.   By maintaining the current national particulate matter standard, the  EPA continues to protect our environment and the health of the American  citizens without placing additional burdens on communities.   There already too many States and counties currently struggling to  meet the current standards, which are already among the strictest  safeguards in the world. For these areas of our Nation, the solution is  to help them meet the bar, not raise the bar.   The EPA remains publicly committed to helping these areas succeed,  and to Chair McCollum's credit, this bill gives the EPA the resources  necessary to keep doing so.   We are on the right track. The U.S. has made incredible strides in  reducing particulate matter concentrations across the Nation. As a  result of the Clean Air Act, programs and efforts by State, local, and  Tribal Governments, as well as technological improvements, average fine  particulate matter concentrations in the U.S. fell by 39 percent  between 2000 and 2018, while average coarse particulate matter  concentrations fell by 31 percent during the same period.   Madam Speaker, the process that Congress created and continues to  fund in this bill is working. Now it is our job to get out of the way.   Vote ``no'' on the amendment, and let the EPA do its job.   