 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, on a recent Saturday afternoon, the world  watched as SpaceX's Falcon 9 lifted off from American soil, streaked  through the sky, and sent the Crew Dragon capsule beyond the Earth's  atmosphere.   By Sunday, its crew was successfully docked at the International  Space Station. The following morning, Indianapolis-based Eli Lilly &  Company announced the start of human testing of a potential treatment  for COVID-19.   Falcon 9, the first rocket to send men to space from America in a  decade was traveling at 10 times the speed of sound, and Lilly's COVID- 19 therapy is moving nearly as fast. It often takes a dozen years to  develop a drug. This one could be available in just months.   Neither happened spontaneously, though. They are the result of years  of savvy, technological, and scientific investments, of partnerships  between private industry and government. Such investments, such  partnerships open new horizons in space exploration and disease  fighting, and they show us the endless frontier into which American  imagination and ingenuity can carry us.   We Americans have always been drawn to the frontier--yes, the natural  frontier of wildernesses and unfamiliar territories from which States  such as mine spring, but also the frontier that bounds what we as  humans were once imagined to be capable of accomplishing after our  forbearers settled across this great continent.   Americans see the heavens and don't simply wonder what they hold. We  see loved ones grow sick, and we don't just resign ourselves to the  prognosis. We create cures. Americans would always rather build a  rocket ship than a rest home. We are driven by a deep need to lift one  another, to discover breakthroughs that will lead to the betterment of  all of mankind.   And among the most powerful allies we have in accomplishing this are  science and research and the innovations that they fuel.   In the 20th century, Vannevar Bush beautifully captured the essence  of the American culture of discovery and innovation. He first coined  the memorable term ``endless frontier.'' Bush, you see, was a  visionary, an unsung hero of World War II. He was the man who saw the  importance of science and discovery in defeating the Axis Powers.   As President Franklin D. Roosevelt's unofficial science adviser, he  initiated the Manhattan Project and ensured that it received top  priority from the highest levels of government.   Later, in his 1945 report to the President, entitled ``Science: The  Endless Frontier,'' Bush called for an expansion of public support for  science and paved the way for the creation of the National Science  Foundation. He believed that America's security and prosperity depended  upon premarket investment in science and technology. Basic research, in  his words, was the ``pacemaker of technological progress.'' ``New  products and new processes do not appear full-grown,'' he said. ``They  are founded on new principles and new conceptions, which in turn are  painstakingly developed by research in the purest realms of science.''   Bush was right. The years that followed proved it. The National  Science Foundation was created, a space age was ushered in, a space  race was won, and an evil empire was defeated--all in an era of  historic prosperity that was only possible because of America's  economic and technological supremacy, itself built on government-funded  premarket research.   Bush originally articulated the importance of science to the Nation's  fortunes in a time of peril. While the challenges we face today are of  a different nature, we are again in such a time. A mysterious virus  with no known cure has spread across the globe, killed thousands of  Americans, and crippled our economy. A new power competition is now  underway, and America's predominant challenger is an unscrupulous  authoritarian regime whose values are the inverse of our own.   For proof, witness Beijing's leveraging of COVID-19 to further its  goal of global dominance and authorship of this new century. To meet  these new challenges, we must once again--once again--show the entire  world the resiliency and dynamism of the American people, the American  economy, the American spirit, and the American project itself.   And to do this, we must not simply advance again toward the endless  frontier but accelerate into it.   The Endless Frontier Act, authored by Senator Schumer and me, will  provide the rocket fuel for America's innovators and visionaries. Let  us resolve here today to pass it so that this generation of American  doers and dreamers and their children can propel us forward and win the  21st century.   Here is how and why we should act.   The Endless Frontier Act would bolster U.S. leadership in science and  tech innovation and boldly increase premarket investment in emerging  tech.    It will provide $100 billion in strategic investment in the National  Science Foundation to bolster science and technology research and  development.   It will deliver $10 billion to establish regional tech hubs across  the country to launch innovative companies, revive American  manufacturing, and create new jobs to jump start our local communities.  And in the coming years, it will strengthen American power, increase  American prosperity, and carry on America's never-ending quest to  continuously improve the world through innovation.   Let us pass this act. If we do, another endless frontier will be  before us, and with it, a stronger, freer, more prosperous nation, and  a world in which free men and women author this new century.   Dating back to the Cold War, after China had developed military  might, its leaders focused on science and technology as a means to  reorder the global balance of power.   Since then, Beijing has aimed to overtake America, not with weapons,  but with innovation. Offensively, China is investing in 5G, quantum  computing, artificial intelligence, advanced energy systems--all of  which have the potential to fundamentally change this century's  economic and security environment for good or for ill.   Defensively, China is shoring up domestic industries while exploiting  our economic downturn and cynically using the pandemic to play the part  of concerned global citizen to further its position in the world. And  that is not a conspiracy theory. It is public knowledge.   A new report from the Chinese Academy of Sciences bluntly observes:  ``It is possible to turn the crisis [of COVID-19] into an opportunity-- to increase the trust and the dependence of all countries around the  world in `Made in China.' ''   Tellingly, for China, the search to find treatments for COVID-19 is  not simply a race to stop the virus but a race for bragging rights and  global superiority.   The CCP is dedicating millions of dollars to research into drug  development. Five out of the 10 top vaccine candidates are coming from  China.   As they have in other fields of research, China has recently ramped  up spending on pharmaceutical research, no doubt with an eye on  surpassing America in yet another field. The first COVID-19 vaccine  could be the key.  [[Page S2909]]    If all of these trends continue, China's overall investments in  research and development will surpass our own within 10 years--just as  their economy becomes larger than our own.   Until now, we have primarily focused on defensive countermeasures to  thwart the aggression of the CCP: blocking Huawei, tightening export  controls, and improving foreign investment rules. These are important  and must remain in place.   But if America is to lead the world in the 21st century, it is  neither realistic nor practical to build an economic iron curtain  around China.   We are not in a 20th century cold war, but we can learn and apply  lessons from that Cold War. Just as we did in the 20th century, we must  not simply contain a competitor but instead outinnovate and outgrow  them.   Something else is in the balance here too. China longs to become the  world's leader but lacks the attachment to human rights and dignity  required of those that seek to fill that role. What becomes of liberty  in a world led by such a power?   However imperfectly, every American generation, from the founding  forward, has labored to preserve and pass down the blessings of freedom  here and wherever its friends may be found, and this current generation  must carry this on and provide the world with a choice--a choice  between a great power that defends freedom or one that tramples upon  it.   But we will be powerless to offer this alternative if we don't keep  pace with China, and we will not have a shot at this unless we invest  in ourselves. Implementing the Endless Frontier Act will provide that  investment. It will prevent us from being outflanked, and it will pave  the way for a second ``American century.''   One of the primary reasons why the 20th century was America's rather  than Russia's was because we produced more prosperity. You see, wealth  is a crucial weapon in global competition. Bold investment in premarket  research, like that proposed in our Endless Frontier Act, will generate  more of it and make us a wealthier nation. The connection is undeniable  and historic.   When human beings began to apply science and technology to industry  and in pursuit of new goods and services, of greater efficiency and  output, human wealth grew by historic bounds. Cognitive scientist  Steven Pinker charted this progress, and it is staggered. Human wealth  barely advanced in the millennium after the year 1 A.D., and had only  doubled a half millennium later.   Then the industrial revolution arrived. Between 1820 and 1900, the  world's income tripled. Fifty years later, it had tripled again, and  again in 25 years, and again 30 years after that. This represents a  100-fold expansion of the world's gross domestic product since the  industrial revolution, thanks to advancements in science and  technology.   And the technologies that ushered in this era were the result of  curiosity, experimentation, failure, and ultimately, discovery. This is  the formula for innovation, and it is something Americans are  particularly familiar with.   We are a creative people with a penchant for plunging ahead when we  have an idea and searching for a solution when we see a problem.   You know, it takes courage to be creative, and in America, we  encourage and honor that courage. We celebrate those who try and fail  and courageously get up and dust off their trousers and try again. We  venerate our inventors--Bell, Edison, George Washington Carver, Jonas  Salk, the Wright brothers, Tesla, Einstein, Page and Brin, Jobs, Musk.   We know and remember their names, and we benefit daily from their  contributions. Their life's work is a monument to human potential and  American greatness. Their work would not have been possible without a  hallmark of American culture: breathing space--yes, breathing space. It  is space for the creative process--the very process required to connect  things that already exist, that no one ever thought of connecting, and  to take new discoveries and turn them into new products and services.   When we join research with American creativity, we do more than  produce faster cars and TVs with clearer pictures, and we do more than  generate material wealth. You see, our innovators are part of something  far more profound. It is an endless pursuit of human knowledge and  progress and a quest that fulfills our deepest human needs as a people.  That is what they are a part of. In the words of my friend Water  Russell Mead, it is our ``built-in human belief that through change we  encounter the transcendent and the divine.'' Passing the Endless  Frontier Act will keep this quest going, and the quest will make our  lives richer in so many ways.   That image of a Falcon 9 taking off and the orange streak of its  engines cutting the blue sky sparked a memory dear to so many  Americans. Over 10.3 million people worldwide watched that launch. For  many, it was no doubt a reminder of an era--that era when rockets  regularly setting out for space from that very same station was an awe- inspiring symbol of American optimism and accomplishments.   There were images, too, from Indianapolis. There, Lilly's scientists  rushed cases containing the company's potential COVID-19 treatment to  the airport and sent them on their way to patients for trials. For  those who saw these images, they inspired hope and amazement--hope that  we can soon stop this virus and amazement that our innovators have  moved so quickly to find remedies.   These are both inspiring moments for all Americans, ones that  transcend so many of the differences that threaten to divide us. They  show us and they show the world what America is still capable of. They  reveal the endless frontiers still before us.   Let us come together now. Let us accelerate boldly into the endless  frontier. When life resumes as normal, this generation of Americans  must not be content with merely recovering our losses. Instead, we must  push ourselves to lead.   Now is the time to pass the Endless Frontier Act, to strengthen U.S.  leadership in science and tech innovation, and to dramatically increase  public investment in emerging technologies. Let us choose to lead for  ourselves and for our children.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   