 Mr. President, I want to thank my friends, Kamala Harris  from California and Cory Booker from New Jersey, for leading us in this  fight for so many years.   I remember well when I first went to work for the city and county of  Denver. One of the first tragedies that we had in the city at that time  was the shooting of a young man named Paul Childs in Park Hill by  police under circumstances that should never have happened. That was  almost 20 years ago, but these headlines haven't stopped. If anything,  matters have gotten worse.   As the country has grappled with the pandemic over the last few  months, I heard a lot of people talk about how it has revealed a  profound sense of inequality in our country, how it has exposed all  this injustice in the United States of America.   We should not have needed a pandemic to expose the injustice that  exists in the United Stated of America. It should not have taken a  pandemic to alert people to the injustice in our country. If you have  been paying any attention, if you have listened at all to the Black  voices in the United States of America, then you know these injustices  have been with us for generations.   In the case of our law enforcement system, they have literally had  life-and-death consequences for Black Americans, and it just keeps  happening. One reason it keeps happening--the one reason it happened to  Ahmaud Arbery, Breonna Taylor, or George Floyd--is that what happened  to them would never happen to my three daughters; what happened to them  would never happen to me. It has never occurred to me once, when I am  walking around my neighborhood in Denver, that what happened to them  could happen to me or my children. That is what is meant, in part, by  White privilege--a privilege that almost everybody in this Chamber  enjoys.   I think we can never accept that we live in a country where one group  of people is less safe than another for no reason other than the color  of their skin. We have to refuse to accept it, but that is the country  in which we live.   We have to acknowledge, finally, what Kamala Harris and Cory Booker  and others have been telling us, which is that our criminal justice  system in this country is broken.   Our long history of unequal treatment of poor and minority criminal  offenders--especially Black Americans--has evolved into a system of  mass incarceration unlike that of any other developed democracy. A  network of dystopian, privatized prison spreads across the land to  house people who, in many cases, shouldn't even be behind bars, who  were convicted for infractions relating to things that are legal in the  State of Colorado today.   According to Ta-Nehisi Coates' definitive article on the subject of  the U.S. mass incarceration, our country accounts for less than 5  percent of the world's population but 25 percent of those who are  incarcerated. Our closest competitor--and it is hard to find one--is  Russia, a virtual police state.   In our country, there is nothing equal about who is incarcerated.  Black males between the ages of 20 and 39 are incarcerated at a rate 10  times the rate of their White peers. Every one of these issues needs to  be reexamined and formed not by ideology but by pragmatism and, most  important, the moral commandments of a just society. That is what the  patriotic Americans in our streets in downtowns demand. They are not  calling for one more commission. They are not calling for one more  study. They are calling for real reform. That is what people mean when  they say: This moment calls for real reform. That is what the people  are saying in the streets.   With respect to my colleagues on the other side, the proposal Senator  McConnell has put forward doesn't come close to meeting that test. His  bill, his proposal, which is meant to paper this over and get through  to another chapter, not address the issue--his bill still allows the  use of choke holds, the same choke holds that suffocated the life from  Eric Garner. It doesn't ban no-knock warrants, the same practice that  led police to break down Breonna Taylor's door and shoot her eight  times in her own apartment. It doesn't make it easier for families like  the family of George Floyd to seek justice when their loved ones have  been victimized by police brutality. It doesn't even ban racial  profiling. There is virtually nothing in this bill to respond to the  families calling for justice or to save lives from police practices  that have no place in America in the year 2020.   This is not a time for half measures, for one more attempt to use  talking points and legislative tricks to make it seem like we are doing  something when we are not. The idea that the country isn't ready for a  comprehensive approach is not true.  [[Page S3151]]    I will yield to my colleague from Connecticut in just a minute.   Last week in Colorado--my State, a Western State, a purple State--we  became the first State in America to pass a sweeping police  accountability bill into law. It is almost exactly like the one we have  proposed here. We passed that bill 52 to 13 in the State House and 32  to 2 in the Senate--32 to 2. Only two Republicans in the Senate voted  against that bill. Every single Democrat voted for that bill. And that  is Colorado, out in the middle of the country. It sets a standard for  what we need to do in Washington, which is to pass the Justice in  Policing Act that Senator Harris and Senator Booker have put forward  because we will never heal as a nation, as a country, unless we  confront and dismantle the systemic injustice and the systemic racism  that still plagues America, running as it does in a straight line from  slavery to Jim Crow, to the redlining of our housing and banking  system, to the mass incarceration that we have, to the prisons that Ta- Nehisi Coates refers to as ``The Gray Wastes.''   As I said on the floor the other day, anyone who studied the history  of our democracy knows how tough it is to make progress. The struggle  has always been a battle from the very beginning of our founding,  between our highest ideals and our worst instincts as a country. More  often than not, the fulcrum of that battle from the founding until  today has been race. Progress on these lines has never been easy. It  has never come easy.   Among us are still people whose politics are aimed at stripping some  citizens of their rights and opportunity, who despise pluralism, who  succumb to fearful hatreds like racism or who care nothing for anyone  but themselves. Their presence means that the rest of us, most of us,  who Martin Luther King, Jr., called the great decent majority, must  share an even deeper understanding of our patriotic obligation to our  fellow Americans and to our Republic. Right now, that obligation means  doing everything in our power to answer the call of Americans in our  streets and downtowns, from DC to Denver, and beyond, who are calling  for an America where no one is denied protection of the law or justice  or their own life because of the color of their skin.   I yield the floor.   