 Mr. Speaker, today, I will vote in support of the Senate  Amendment to H.R. 266--the Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care  Enhancement Act.   This legislation builds upon and makes a number of important  improvements to the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security  (CARES) Act, which Congress passed less than a month ago to help our  country continue the fight against COVID-19.   Specifically, this legislation adds more than $300 billion to the  Small Business Administration's (SBA) Paycheck Protection Program  (PPP), which has provided a critical lifeline to small businesses  around the country as we continue to deal with the economic fall-out  from this global pandemic. I am proud that Democrats stood our ground  and were able to carve out $60 billion from this fund for small and  mid-sized banks, credit unions, and community-based lending  institutions to help ensure that unbanked and underserved businesses  can access the PPP. This includes minority-owned businesses, rural  businesses, small `mom and pop' businesses, and smaller nonprofits that  too often have been pushed to the back of the line for this program,  while billion-dollar chains have accessed funding.   I am also pleased that this legislation includes $60 billion for  SBA's Economic Injury Disaster Loan (EIDL) and Emergency Economic  Injury Disaster Grant program. I have heard from dozens of businesses  who applied for EIDL relief only to never hear back from an overwhelmed  and underfunded SBA. This funding will allow these emergency programs  to provide flexible assistance to small businesses and nonprofits.   Again, thanks to congressional Democrats, this legislation also  includes an additional $75 billion in relief to hospitals and health  care providers for expenses or lost revenue attributable to COVID-19.  While I believe we need much more than $75 billion, these additional  funds will be crucial for helping providers who are bearing the brunt  of this crisis, including Community Health Centers and rural providers  who are facing layoffs and massive revenue shortfalls due to  cancellation of `elective' procedures.   Congressional Democrats also fought for and secured $25 billion to  expand our nation's COVID-19 testing capacity, $11 billion of which  will go directly to states, localities, territories, and tribes to help  them bolster testing shortfalls in their communities. Widespread  testing is the key to fighting this virus, reopening the economy, and  protecting the health and wellbeing of Americans so that we can safely  begin to resume our normal lives. We also successfully inserted  provisions to require the Trump administration to finally create a  national strategic testing plan that details how our country will  increase domestic testing capacity, address disparities, and provide  assistance and resources to states, localities, territories, and  tribes.   This legislation is not without glaring omissions, though.  Unfortunately, despite bipartisan support for additional funding, the  Trump administration and congressional Republicans refused to add any  additional funding for state, local, and tribal governments. These  entities--who are on the front lines of this crisis--are in a dire  financial position. I will continue to push for this desperately-needed  investment and to ensure that funding flows directly to smaller  localities.   Future legislation must also ensure strong support for families with  an increase to SNAP benefits to help put food on the table. Republicans  stonewalled all efforts to include this increase in this legislation.   For our front-line workers, we are simply not doing enough to support  them. We need to ensure that any additional legislation mandates that  the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) implements a  robust emergency temporary standard to strengthen protective measures  for our health care workers, first responders, postal carriers, retail  employees, grocery workers, transportation workers, and more. We should  also be supporting these individuals with hazard pay as they continue  to report to work and risk exposure to COVID-19 in order to perform  their essential duties for the betterment of our communities.   Congress must also address the critical situation the U.S. Postal  Service (USPS) is in. Despite bipartisan support for stronger relief,  the administration forced weak and restrictive aid for USPS into the  CARES Act. Without significant steps, the Postal Service could cease  operations by June. For the millions of people who count on the USPS  every day--including seniors and veterans--this is not an option.   We can and must also give additional, direct support to the American  people. This includes additional economic impact payments, more  comprehensive relief for homeowners and renters, stronger steps for the  millions of student loan borrowers, and more.   Congress should also finally take up legislation to reform enormously  important issues like prescription drug costs and surprise billing.  These issues have long plagued our broken healthcare system, and they  will continue to do so once we beat this virus.   Lastly, we must begin moving to the next phase of this crisis:  economic recovery. Congress must pass legislation that creates jobs and  rebuilds our decaying infrastructure. As Chairman of the Transportation  and Infrastructure Committee, I will continue to push for an  infrastructure package that repairs the breach left by years of  neglect--that rebuilds failing bridges, restores crumbling highways,  and puts people to work on projects with jobs that cannot be exported.   