 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Let me  just say how proud I am that the House is taking up my bill today, the  Ensuring Diversity in Community Banking Act.   I am especially grateful for the support from Financial Services  Chairwoman Maxine Waters and for her guidance and for working with me  to make sure that we progress and move this bill.   I am likewise eternally grateful to Ranking Member McHenry, who  worked with us very closely to make sure that this bill had true,  strong bipartisan support. As a result, it passed the House Financial  Services Committee unanimously. Without that partnership, this would  not have happened.   So, I thank both the chair and the ranking member, and all the  members of this committee, for doing this. This bill passed in  committee unanimously and has gained the support of consumer advocacy  groups, civil rights organizations, and the financial services  industry. We tried to bring everybody together on this, and we did come  up with a consensus bill.   Communities of color have borne a disproportionate burden of the  COVID pandemic, as measured by the infection and mortality rates, as  well as jobs lost and wealth destroyed. This pandemic and the economic  crisis it triggered devastated communities that had yet to fully  recover from the financial crisis of 2008.   Minority banks, credit unions, and community development financial  institutions have remained the bright spot during this pandemic, given  their focus of providing financial services to communities of color and  low- and moderate-income communities. However, despite their success  serving these communities, minority depository institutions have been  disappearing at an alarming rate, leading to expanding banking deserts  and a growing share of the population vulnerable to payday lenders and  other predatory financial institutions.   To address this, this bill does the following:   Number one, minority depository institutions are smaller than their  peers, pose no credible systemic risk, and focus overwhelmingly on  underbanked communities of color, investing in homeownership and small  business lending, helping to close the wealth gap. My bill makes it  easier for MDIs that are also community development organizations to  raise capital from private investors and directs the Federal Government  to deposit funds that are fully insured with these institutions which  can on-lend the money in communities that need it.   Number two, the bill calls on regulators to take greater ownership of  their own failings in the area of diversity by auditing the diversity  of the bank examiner corps, publishing the data, and considering how  their own lack of diversity and lack of special training harms their  effectiveness.   Number three, the bill establishes a new impact bank designation for  those institutions that lend primarily to low-income communities and  provides these banks access to the deposits programs established by  this bill.   Number four, the bill also calls on the Congress to continue  supporting the CDFI Fund of the Treasury Department.    Mr. Speaker, the CDFI Fund leverages limited government  funding to crowd-in significant private sector capital and foster  innovation, investments, and market-oriented solutions to tackle some  of our Nation's most persistent challenges in poverty alleviation. This  program has earned strong bipartisan support historically and proven  itself immensely valuable during this pandemic.   Let me also say that what this does is it also helps our small  businesses in the communities and helps create wealth in communities  where it is not. With the homeownership aspect, it encourages  individuals to buy, to own the home and to rent the car because the  home becomes an appreciating asset and the car the depreciating asset.  It brings us all together so we can enjoy what has become the American  Dream.    Let me close by once again thanking my colleagues for their  bipartisan support for this important legislation. I thank all of my  colleagues for working together to make this a better place, and I urge  all of my colleagues to vote in support of this bill.   