 Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman from Texas for  yielding and for offering such an important amendment.   Madam Chair, I agree that section 2 of the underlying bill presents a  grave problem.   PFAS were first used in the 1940s and continued to be used in a  variety of everyday objects, including pizza boxes, food wrappers,  nonstick cookware, stain-resistant furniture, water-resistant clothes,  firefighters' protective suits, and medical devices.   I support this amendment because it would prevent so many important  materials from being labeled as hazardous without the scientific proof  to back it up. We should not label all 5,000 of these materials the  same way.   Madam Chair, I urge a ``yes'' vote on the amendment.    Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, my amendment would require the EPA  administrator to certify to Congress the agency has completed its own  PFAS Action Plan before the underlying bill may be implemented.   My amendment acknowledges the concern for human health and the  environment caused by drinking water contamination and enables the EPA,  the appropriate regulatory agency, to improve the situation through  careful science.   PFAS are synthetic chemicals used in a variety of products that have  commercial, industrial, and military uses. These substances are often  found in everyday objects and relied upon by Americans.   One of the most important uses is medical devices. PFAS materials are  central components of many medical devices because they are bio- compatible, durable, and deemed safe for implantation when necessary.   PFAS, and, in fact, fluoropolymers, have lifesaving applications in  medical devices, including heart patches and grafts, stents, and  surgical mesh. They are found in catheters and other medical tubing and  guide wires used in surgical patients and to treat thousands of  diseases. These substances are even found in sterile coatings on  hospital gowns, masks, and other tools needed to keep hospital settings  sterile and fight infections.   In my district of Ohio 12, medical device producers make these  critical products and contribute to improving patients' lives every  day.   Clearly, not all PFAS are the same. To assert that all these 5,000- plus substances are hazardous in one move is not based on science and  it is dangerous. That would call into question the already approved  medical devices that are saving lives.   The better solution is to allow the EPA to do its work and look at  each chemical on its own merits, rather than labeling the whole diverse  class as hazardous.   I agree with the authors of this bill that we must be cautious with  the use of chemicals and reduce their levels in our water supplies, but  this cannot be done at the jeopardy of American patients.   That is why I am thrilled to learn about EPA's PFAS Action Plan,  which the agency published last year in response to greater awareness  of this issue and rising public health concerns. As part of this plan,  the EPA works with Federal, State, and local partners to understand and  act on known PFAS dangers.   The EPA plan is a comprehensive, cross-agency approach. It includes  concrete steps to monitor, detect, and address PFAS contamination.   One major action worth noting that the EPA has already taken is the  December 3 proposal to establish a maximum contaminant level. This  important step toward public safety is currently under interagency  review.   For the well-being of all Americans, we should support this plan's  success.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from Pennsylvania (Mr. Joyce).    Madam Chair, the administration has demonstrated that  one of its top priorities is the research and necessary regulation of  PFAS. Its ongoing commitment to public safety is responsible. Congress  should allow the EPA to complete its work before casting such a wide  net on labeling 5,000-plus PFAS as hazardous. This is an opportunity  for Congress to be proactive rather than reactive.   I invite Members to join me in supporting thoughtful action to ensure  the safety of the American public and our environment.   Madam Chair, I urge a ``yes'' vote on my amendment, and I yield back  the balance of my time.   