 Mr. President, I came to the floor to hear my colleague  from South Carolina, with no notes and with an open heart and open  ears, because I knew he would be very disappointed that the motion to  proceed failed and that he would have strong feelings about that  because of his earnest desire to do police reform. I don't question  that desire or the desire of any of the cosponsors of this bill, just  as I hope colleagues on the other side don't question the sincerity of  Senators Booker and Harris and those who cosponsored their bill. But I  came with no notes to listen to my colleague and then to offer a word  of explanation.   I am one of the 44 people who voted no. The Senator from South  Carolina said that those who voted no on the motion to proceed didn't  vote on the what; we voted no on the who. That is a stiff charge. That  is a stiff charge.   What I want to say is this. I voted no not on the what and not on the  who, but I voted no on the how. We tried it the wrong way. Let's try it  the right way. My colleague from South Carolina acts as if this  discussion is over. It is only over for those who want it to be over.  We tried it the wrong way. Let's try it the right way.   What do I mean by that?   I think everyone in the Chamber knows what I mean by this. This is an  amazingly important topic that is exciting deep and legitimate concerns  in the streets of every community in this country.   There are two good-faith bills that have been introduced dealing with  police reform. I see virtues in both. I favor the Democratic bill, but  that does not mean that I don't see virtues in the Scott bill.   I have only been in the Senate 7 years. I am not an expert on  procedure, as some are who are standing in the Chamber right now, but  my service tells me that there is a clear path to a bipartisan police  reform bill that will do a good job and will speak to an America that  wants to see leadership that is bipartisan.   It is obvious. These bills are both in the province of a Judiciary  Committee that is chaired by a Republican from South Carolina, Lindsey  Graham, whose ranking member, Dianne Feinstein, has been on that  committee for a very long time. Why are these bills not being taken up  in a committee with a Republican majority and debated and marked up and  reported to the floor in a bipartisan way?   I serve on the Armed Services Committee. That is what we do every  year with the NDAA. We introduce it, we let members have the ability to  offer amendments that can be voted on by a simple majority vote in  committee. We get to the end of a process and when no one has an  amendment left, we then have a final bill, and then we vote it out  overwhelmingly bipartisan. The NDAA came out of committee 2 weeks ago  on a 26-to-2 vote. We will be taking it up on the floor.   I am on the HELP Committee. I have a wonderful chair and ranking  member in Senators Alexander and Murray, and we tackle tough issues  with a committee that has some big personalities on it. I have a couple  of them in the room with me now. There is great ideological diversity  on that committee, but we take up tough issues, and we don't always  solve them, but we usually do when we put our minds to it and report  something to the floor and we do it in a bipartisan way. When it comes  in a bipartisan way, there is a great chance that we get action here on  the floor. That is the right way to do things. It respects the  traditions of the body, because it is a majority that runs the  committee, but it allows those who have devoted themselves to health  issues or armed services issues or judiciary issues to offer their  thoughts.   When these bills were introduced, I assumed that a committee ably led  by Senators Graham and Feinstein would put these bills together and  have a markup and let people offer amendments with a 50-percent-vote  threshold and then report out a bipartisan bill. Why would the  Judiciary Committee not do it?   I believe the leaders of the committee wanted to do it, but I believe  they were told not to do it. They were told that we are not going to  use the committee process on this. We are going to force this to a  floor vote, a snap vote, and then, when it goes down, we will say:  Democrats killed it. It is all over. Move on to the next issue.   This is only over for anyone who wants it to be over.   I think the vote today says: We are not going to do it ``my way or  the highway.'' We ought to do it the right way--the way we do the NDAA,  the way we did the FIRST STEP Act. The FIRST STEP Act, criminal justice  reform, Democrats and Republicans working together, in committee and  then negotiating with Jared Kushner and others at the White House--we  did something good that all can take credit for.   How about the CARES Act? There is a recent example of this. The CARES  Act was an unusual one. We were under an emergency. We were socially  distant from each other. We couldn't even be in the same room as we  were negotiating it, and it was in multiple committees' jurisdiction.  So it wasn't as if one committee was taking it up. But there was good- faith, bipartisan negotiation on the different pieces of it.   One day, Leader McConnell called us all back to Washington on a  Sunday to vote--not on the bipartisan negotiated bill but on a partisan  version. And, again, Democrats on this side of the aisle said: We are  not ready to proceed. We are in the middle of bipartisan discussions.  We are not ready to proceed to the partisan bill because we are in the  middle of bipartisan discussions that will have the payoff for this  country, and so we voted no--not on the what, not on the who. We voted  no on the how.   We are not ready to proceed to a partisan, ``my way or the highway''  bill when we are engaged in bipartisan discussions that can find a  solution that is good for the country. Guess what happened. Three days  later, after that ``no'' vote, we were here on the floor voting yes-- voting yes to a bipartisan bill that helped individuals and families,  that created a grant program for small businesses, a loan program for  large businesses, aid to State and local governments, aid to hospitals  and nursing homes and healthcare providers. We voted no on the ``my way  or the highway'' and said: Stay at the table with us. Let's have  bipartisan discussions, and we can get to a yes.   And even as Members of this body were being diagnosed with  coronavirus or exposed to it, we stayed at the table until we could get  the work done, and we did it for the good of the country.   This discussion is not over unless people want it to be over.  [[Page S3175]]    Senator King and I, on Monday, sent a letter to the two leaders and  to the Judiciary Committee chair and ranking member, and we said: For  God's sake, with a nation that is crying out for solutions that can  show some unity, please do with this bill what we know will work and  what has worked.   Let the Judiciary Committee take it up promptly and let them work and  report it to the floor, and we can do this bill before the August  recess and do it in a way where, in committee and on the floor,  everyone has a chance to participate and we can get a win for the  American public that is critically important. It is my hope that we  will still do that.   The tenor of some of the conversations is as if this is now over, in  the rear-view mirror, not to be returned to until after November. I  don't accept that. I don't accept that. These bills are pending. We  have a Judiciary Committee that can do this work.   I went to the Judiciary Committee this morning to introduce a  judicial nominee and asked members of the committee who were there: If  these bills were taken up in this committee, could you find a  bipartisan result? And the answer they gave to me was yes.   I didn't vote no for the what. I didn't vote no for the who. I voted  no for the how. I know how we can do this bill, and shame on us on a  matter of such seriousness if we don't engage in a process whose  seriousness matches the gravity of the moment   With that, I yield the floor.    Would the Senator yield for a question?    Mr. President, the Senator from Nebraska is a member of  the Judiciary Committee, isn't that right?    When the Senator has markups in the Judiciary Committee on  a bill like the FIRST STEP Act and someone, Democrat or Republican,  proposes an amendment to mark, isn't it the standard to vote on the  amendment and if the majority of the committee approves, then the  amendment is added to the bill?    My experience on every committee I have been on is that we  leave it to a markup in the committee with a simple majority, not  allowing a simple majority amendment process in committee, but saying  ``no, we will give you some amendments on the floor with a 60-vote  threshold'' is not the same thing. It doesn't respect an individual's  ability to try to persuade the majority of my colleagues, Democrats and  Republicans, that it is a good idea or not. That is why this bill was  not sent to committee but just put on the floor. So I don't view that  as fair, to respond.   I get Senator Scott, and I appreciate him saying that we should have  open amendments on the floor. But depriving people the ability to offer  open amendments in a simple majority--can I convince the majority of my  colleagues in the committee?--that is already stacking the deck, in my  view.   