 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this evening I want to take just a moment,  in front of my colleagues, to recognize the contributions of a member  of my staff: Thomas Wilson. Mr. Wilson has spent the last year working  in our personal office as part of the Department of Veterans Affairs  Congressional Fellowship Program.   As Thomas departs my office and returns to the Department of Veterans  Affairs, I want to express my appreciation to him for his hard work and  the dedication to serve veterans in Kansas and across the Nation.  Thomas has served at the VA for more than 18 years. His selfless  approach to service has helped countless veterans receive the care and  support that they have earned. He has surely been an asset to my team  as we work to serve Kansans, servicemembers, and veterans.   Before joining our office, Thomas served as the legislative director  to Congressman Harold Baker, a member of the House Veterans' Affairs  Committee. He served on the Bush transition team after leaving  congressional service and then went on to serve in numerous roles at  the VA. These included roles as a congressional liaison for the VA and,  most recently, in the Veterans Experience Office.   He is a graduate of the National Defense University and has used his  experience to benefit those who serve our Nation in uniform.   Thomas is fortunate to have his loving wife Ashley and son Chase by  his side. They undoubtedly contribute to Thomas's altruistic nature,  and he is blessed to have their support.   Thomas joined my office in January 2019, just as I was assuming the  gavel of the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee. His experience  navigating the VA proved immensely helpful to my personal and committee  staffs as we set off to advocate for veterans from all walks of life.   He was especially helpful in advocating for women veterans. Thomas  led the effort to study the employment rates of post-9/11 female  veterans, a cohort of veterans that experiences higher unemployment  rates, more than any other demographic.   His efforts will lead to policies to support female veterans and to  make certain that they have the tools necessary to succeed after their  service to our Nation.   It is sad to see Thomas leave the office, but I know that his return  to the Veterans Experience Office next month will produce lasting  results for the many veterans who regularly interact with the  Department of Veterans Affairs.   Thomas is an impressive public servant, and it has been a privilege  to work with him. I hold him in the highest regard. He is a significant  asset to our veterans and represents some of the best that our Federal  Government has to offer.   Once again, thank you, Thomas, for all you have done for Kansans and  for American veterans this year in association with us and our work.  You have been a model of selfless service and leadership, and I know  you will continue to do great things throughout your career and your  life of service, wherever that path may lead.   