 Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the chairman and  ranking member of the House Armed Services Committee for including my  legislation in the NDAA for 2021. I would also like to thank my good  friend from Maine, Congressman Jared Golden, for introducing the  legislation with me  [[Page H3105]]  and championing its amendment during markup.   My bill holds Federal agencies accountable for paying businesses for  work already performed due to contract modifications made by Federal  agency clients.   As ranking member of the House Committee on Small Business'  Subcommittee on Contracting and Infrastructure, I think it is important  to speak up for the small businesses that support the Federal  Government and procurement marketplace.   When small businesses work with the Federal Government, they choose  to do so risking their livelihoods on the promise that they will be  paid for the work that they have agreed to perform. Access to steady  and stable cash flow is the lifeblood of a small business, and they  trust that they will be paid timely and fairly each and every time they  sign on the dotted line.   Unfortunately, the Federal Government has not been holding up their  end of that bargain, particularly when it comes to contract  modifications or change orders issued unilaterally by an agency on  Federal construction projects. These delays in the approval and payment  of change orders have a disproportionate impact on small construction  contractors.   My legislation provides a measure of financial stability to our small  contractors by requiring the government to pay for at least half of the  work the small business has completed, at the time an invoice is  submitted, pursuant to the change order work requested by the agency.   This will ensure that our small businesses obtain at least some fair  and timely compensation for the work performed, without having to wait  for the change order payment approval to work its way through miles of  government red tape and bureaucracy. This legislation holds agencies  accountable for the changed work they request, which is simply the  right thing to do.   Again, I thank the chairman and ranking member for including this  legislation in the NDAA.   