 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the  gentleman from Tennessee, for yielding and for his leadership in the  Doctor's Caucus.   Dr. Roe has educated us that perhaps as physicians in the United  States Congress there might not be a more important time that we  present ourselves, our abilities to communicate, and understand the  nature of this novel coronavirus and its impact on the world, and  specifically, on Pennsylvania.   Over the past 6 months, the American people have united against what  we have come to realize is an invisible enemy. We have done our part to  slow the spread of the coronavirus and to serve our neighbors. Each and  every one of us have made sacrifices during this pandemic. And  together, we work to make a difference; we work to save lives.   As we look ahead to the future, Americans are eagerly awaiting the  arrival of the coronavirus vaccine, and I am confident that our  researchers, our scientists, are equipped to win this race.   Right now, constituents in Pennsylvania and around our country are  making incredible progress in this pursuit as part of Operation Warp  Speed--the Trump administration's historic initiative to develop a  coronavirus vaccine.   Under the leadership of President Trump, the Department of Defense  and the Department of Health and Human Services, together with so many  in the private sector, are in the midst of what is truly an  unprecedented search for a safe and effective vaccine, all in record  time, with significant amounts of vaccine that will be developed for  the people of America.   This process, as the doctors with me here tonight have testified, is  driven by science but it is rooted in safety. And let's be certain: A  vaccine will only be approved if it is proven to be both safe and  effective.   Operation Warp Speed is taking all of the precautionary steps that  are required to develop any vaccine. But here is the difference: As  part of Operation Warp Speed, vaccine manufacturers can undertake  several steps of vaccine development at the same time, mitigating the  financial risk without, again, compromising the safety or the efficacy  of the vaccine.   We know that Operation Warp Speed is unprecedented. To achieve the  results for the American people, the Federal Government has invested  over $10 billion to support the development of this coronavirus  vaccine. While we, as Members, as healthcare professionals, recognize  that there are no guarantees in science, this strategy is setting up  manufacturers for success, and it is offering hope for the American  people.   If anyone can deliver substantial qualities and quantities of a safe  and effective vaccine within a year of the discovery of a new virus, it  is the United States of America.   Thanks to Americans' unparalleled ingenuity and drive, we are better  positioned to develop therapeutics and a vaccine than any other  country. And Americans know that we are up to the challenge because we  have seen challenges before.   In the late 1940s, the polio virus was responsible for disabling more  than  [[Page H4378]]  35,000 average people per year in the United States. And in 1954, Dr.  Jonas Salk developed the polio vaccine at the University of Pittsburgh  in my home State of Pennsylvania. Since then, the polio vaccine has  been widely distributed in the United States and across the world. We  have witnessed previously significant progress. And it is our hope--and  that is why we bind together as the Doctor's Caucus and present in this  Special Order a discussion of how this vaccine is being developed  today, right now. And we look forward to that.   We trust in American ingenuity. We recognize that American ingenuity  will win, and we are confident that we will see that in short order.   Again, I thank my colleague, my mentor, Dr. Phil Roe for organizing  this Special Order and allowing us to present this important  information to America.   