 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President  be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be  in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak  therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I rise to address the administration's  plan to withdraw some 10,000 troops from Germany, and I rise to advance  a bipartisan amendment to slow that process down and potentially even  to stop it.   The administration explains that Germany needs to get to 2 percent of  its spending on military matters, a direction I support. Germany is  already at 1.5 percent and is on track to get to get to 2 percent.   By all appearances, the withdrawal of 10,000 troops in Germany is a  very bad idea. First of all, it is a slap in the face at a key ally, a  friend, and a great country. This country is an economic powerhouse. It  is dynamic and productive people who have created that economic  vitality. It has been driven to global leadership not by virtue of  having cheap labor or polluting the air with pollutants or  CO2.    China buys more from Germany than Germany buys from China. Why? Not  because Germany threatens China but because Germany is making products  that China wants. It is a democracy noted for its strong, steady, and  firm leader. Germany pays an equal share to the United States into  NATO, and NATO, of course, has preserved peace in Europe for over 70  years.   Now is also a time to draw our friends closer and to link arms with  our allies, in part because of China's ambition to become the dominant  player on the Earth, to displace the West, to displace the United  States, and to supplant democracy with authoritarian despotism. China  brutally represses its minorities. The Uighurs, we read, even today are  being forced into labor. China invades sovereign lands and nations of  its neighbors. It is propagandizing our children here through Confucius  Institutes. It steals technology in our country and other countries in  the West, and it attacks our cyber bases relentlessly day in and day  out.   Its military procurement is equal to that--or nearly so--of the  United States. Even though we spend far more money than they do on  military, as reported, our procurement budgets procure about the same  amount of military hardware.   Of course, the tip of its spear is its economic predation. China has  attacked one industry after another, and through subsidy and predatory  pricing techniques, it has driven western businesses out of business.  In my view, to divert China from that dangerous path, we need allies-- allies like Germany.   Now, there is a second reason that I am opposed to this idea of  withdrawing troops from Germany, and that is, it is a heck of a time to  give a gift to Russia. We just learned about Russia's support of the  Taliban--even reports that they may have been paying bounties for  killing Americans. Russia has stepped in to support some of the world's  worst actors, like Assad and Maduro. It has invaded Georgia and  Ukraine, and it violates nearly every arms agreement it enters into.  [[Page S4260]]    It is a wounded and declining nation. It has an uncompetitive  economy. Senator McCain used to joke that Russia is a gas station  pretending to be a country. Its declining population, of course,  contributes to its decline. Nations in decline may lash out, and that  is what we have seen time and again.   This is a time not to give a gift to Russia but to show solidarity  with our dear friends, like the people of Germany.   One final reason: Germans welcome American troops in their country,  and our presence there is of enormous aid to our own military. In  Landstuhl, we have a hospital that cares for some 250,000 military  personnel and their families across Europe. We also care for those who  come in injured from Afghanistan or Iraq. It is a staging area for  training exercises that are done with NATO. It is a central hub for our  troops in the EU and the Middle East and Africa. In Stuttgart, the  European Command, the African Command, and the Special Ops Command are  there. Ramstein Air Base is the largest in Europe for our Nation. It  also hosts extensive infrastructure of schools, housing, hospitals, and  airport maintenance. Moving from those facilities--it would be  expensive and wasteful to abandon them.   Finally, we are so welcomed by the German people that the leaders of  their various states--their state premiers wrote a letter to the  Senate, and it said this: ``Do not sever the bond of friendship''  between the United States and Germany. I also got a personal letter  from leaders in Germany saying: Do not do this. This sends exactly the  wrong message at the wrong time.   To slap an ally, a great friend, and a great country like Germany and  at the same time give a gift to a malevolent adversary like Russia is  ill-conceived and ill-considered. I implore the Senate to consider an  amendment to slow this process down and to study it.   There is a real question as to whether there will be a chance for a  vote of such a nature. In my view, the Senate needs to speak on  something of such magnitude. This is a matter of extraordinary  significance to American foreign policy. How could we possibly allow  the administration to make a decision like this without the input of  the Senate?   We must vote on this. I will be satisfied if we come together as a  body and vote no. People say: No, let the President take out the 10,000  troops. But I won't be satisfied if we don't get a chance to even vote  on this.   We have a national defense authorization amendment coming forward.  This is the time for this amendment to be seen on the Senate floor or  in the managers' package. Barring that, I don't see how I can support  the managers' package. I don't see how I can support, as a Senator,  proceeding without taking up this vital provision of our support for  our friend Germany, of our support for our interests in NATO, the  interests of our military, as well as our desire not to give Russia a  gift, particularly at a time when America has been silent as Russia has  been supporting the Taliban and potentially even paying hostages to  kill Americans.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   