 Madam President, I thank my colleague from Oregon for  his eloquence and for the power of his remarks. He speaks not only for  Oregon but for America. He speaks for every one of our communities and  States that ought to fear this overreach. It was, indeed, one of the  main fears of our Founding Fathers that the misuse and abuse of our  military and policing power--of violating fundamental rights--would  encroach on our basic liberties.   Now, let's be very real. Federal forces were used before to restore  order in the face of violence after the Rodney King incident, after the  killing of Martin Luther King in 1968, in Little Rock in 1957, in  Oxford, MS, in 1962, and in going further back in our history, after  the Pullman Strike and after the Detroit race riots in 1943, but this  time is different. This time is fundamentally different.   As my colleague has so powerfully described from the descriptions and  the photographs that he has brought to the Senate floor, what we have  here is not some violent encroachment by one group against another and  not just some use of violence. We have peaceful protests. In fact, the  purpose and effect of the use of Federal forces here has been to incite  and fuel violence. It was the same purpose that Richard Nixon sought to  use Federal force when protesters against the Vietnam war came to  Washington. It was Richard Nixon who said that law and order was the  political issue of his day, but the use of Federal forces here is not  to restore order or to enforce the law. It is, instead, to incite  lawbreaking and violence.   What is different also is the use of unidentified, military-like  forces. We have seen a growth over the past years in the form of such  forces that are available to the President to use. The Customs and  Border Patrol, the Department of Transportation, and other agencies  have militarized Federal law enforcement agents. They have put them in  camouflage, and they have given them armaments. They have taught them  tactics that, in effect, turn them into military-style forces. They  have become secret police when they are unidentified. They are like the  little, green men in Russia who show up at demonstrations and throw  people into vans to disappear them. That is what they have been doing  in Oregon. So whereas before the National Guard might have been called  out as a show of force to restore order, now we have a perniciously  different use of military force in the name of law enforcement.   I will say, as someone whose career as a U.S. attorney and then as an  attorney general for 20 years was involved in law enforcement, I am  ashamed and embarrassed to use, in effect, secret police in this way,  supposedly in the name of law enforcement but, in reality, as a  political tool. If you have any doubt about the political purposes  here, just watch the latest Trump ads, which are the other side of this  coin--raising fear, exhorting people to panic, and then responding on  the streets in communities with this excessive use of force.   Exactly what our Founding Fathers feared was this unchecked use of  military power. That is why the bill that my colleague from Oregon has  introduced and that I have cosponsored is so very important, because  there must be a check. Accountability is vital. Identification is key.  People need to know who these people of law enforcement supposedly are,  and we need accountability from them.   We also need accountability through the Insurrection Act. In having  been joined by many of my colleagues, I have offered a bill, the CIVIL  Act, that would apply these same checks on the President's power as  apply when the President uses military abroad. He must be accountable  to Congress. He must come to Congress and explain the purposes and the  reasons for his use of military power. He should have no more leeway  when he uses troops abroad than he would at home and vice versa. If he  uses American troops against American citizens, he ought to be  accountable no less than when he uses them abroad. The same is true of  this policing power.   The importance of this moment cannot be underestimated. It is a  moment of reckoning for racial justice, but for justice in our entire  country. I believe that we must act on both sides of the aisle. We have  an obligation to assure that this power is checked, because those  police forces are coming to your city and your community--to  Albuquerque, to Chicago, and, potentially, to Hartford, Stamford, and  New Haven, CT, without the permission or invitation of our local  officials.   Again, it is a fundamental difference between many past uses of  political power and this one. And it may be rationalized or disguised  as an effort to combat violence in the streets, but we know the purpose  and intent and effect of the use of these policing forces.  [[Page S4438]]    So whether they are the Department of Justice or Homeland Security or  Department of Transportation or the Secret Service, the goal is the  same--to intimidate and incite, not to restore order.   The shame and disgrace to this Nation is palpable. When our allies,  when people abroad look to the United States, they see us as an  exception to the rule of force unchecked by the rule of law. Too often,  force, not law, applies to subjugate rights. We are an exceptional  nation because we believe in the rule of law, but what we are seeing  right now is a corruption of the rule of law, in fact, using the  disguise and misusing the name of law and order to push forward an  agenda of hatred and bias and subjugation of basic rights. It is a  shameful and tragic time for America.   My hope is Americans will rise up, that they will object with their  voices and, ultimately, with their votes.   I yield the floor back to my colleague from Oregon.   