 Mr. Speaker, I will begin by thanking  Ranking Member Cheney and Congresswoman Haaland for their support and  for their warm words of support for this measure.   They are right. H.R. 895 is about fairness; it is about equity; and  it is about improving Tribal school outcomes across this country.   Now, I don't know that it matters where you live in this country, and  I don't know that it matters where you are in the political spectrum,  it seems like one of the things you should be able to recognize is that  one of our most difficult and most important challenges in this country  is ensuring quality education for our Native students.   Unintentionally, a few years ago, Congress complicated those efforts.  We passed the Indian Healthcare Improvement Act. As a part of that act,  we made it clear that section 638 Tribal schools could access the  Federal employee health insurance benefits. But we denied that same  treatment--again, unintentionally--for the section 297 schools. In the  decade since we have done that, millions of dollars have flown out of  the classroom and, instead, toward these health insurance benefits.   Our bill, my bill, the Tribal School Federal Insurance Parity Act,  fixes that oversight, closes that loophole, and addresses this problem  without costing our Federal Government a nickel.   I have visited Tribal grant schools, most recently just a few weeks  ago. I will tell you, Mr. Speaker, Superintendent Whirlwind Horse and  her team work hard every single day. They are at Wounded Knee School on  the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation in South Dakota. They work hard to  provide these educational opportunities even with incredibly scarce  resources.   My friend, Cecilia Fire Thunder, the president of the Oglala Lakota  Nation Education Consortium, understands those challenges, which is why  she has been focused on this issue for a long time.   If we pass this bill, we will make their jobs just a little bit  easier as they work to shift those dollars into the classroom to focus  them on student education, to focus them on student outcomes, and to  focus them on improving the lives of young people in Indian Country.   So, I ask my colleagues, Mr. Speaker, for a ``yes'' vote, and I ask  us all to work with the Senate to pass H.R. 895 before the end of the  116th Congress.   