 Mr. Speaker, I would like to wish my mother a happy  birthday. Happy birthday, mom. I wish I were there to celebrate with  you. But instead, I am in D.C., voting on a senseless bill that was  designed strictly for political purposes and will put your beloved  grandchildren further into debt.   Now, I have watched my colleagues on the other side of the aisle come  up with some intellectually dishonest stuff in the past. I have seen it  happen more times than I care to count, but this effort takes the cake.  Just look at what Postmaster General DeJoy said when he testified  before the Senate last week and clearly addressed the litany of  baseless claims.   First of all, he stated that no reforms would be implemented between  now and the election. Overtime will not be cut between now and  November. And the very thing the USPS needs more than anything else,  reform, is going to be delayed.   He said the removal of the drop boxes will cease, something that I  remember well because it happened when I was mayor of my hometown of  West Point, Georgia, and our town was furious about it then. I just  wish my colleagues on the other side of the aisle had found religion  about this issue back then instead of sitting up here fighting over  what color to paint the fire hydrants while Rome burned.   This bill calls for 25 billion additional dollars. The postmaster has  already testified there is over $13 billion cash on hand, another $10  billion in loans they won't need.   I want someone to explain to me how you are going to spend $25  billion between now and November. We know how this place works. On an  unauthorized appropriation, we all know that before you spend money  here, you have to have a plan, and I haven't seen one. Then, that plan  has to be reviewed and then commented on and reviewed again. Then one  more time, it probably has to be reviewed. Then, there is the whole  procurement process, bid process on equipment, background checks on new  employees, the lawsuits on the procurement process because the special  interest group said that they weren't notified in time so they could  get preferential treatment on the government contract. And surely,  there will be the customary environmental review.    Mr. Speaker, surely there will be the customary  environmental review to understand the impact on the spotted blue tail  south Georgia armadillo being run over by all the new mail trucks.   This bill is a sham. It is a shame. It is not needed right now. We  are piling up money. We might as well put it on The National Mall, have  a bonfire, invite Americans to bring their lawn chairs and a cooler of  beer to watch the bonfire, so they can see firsthand how this place  wastes money.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote.   