 Mr. President, I also want to thank the chairman for his  extraordinary leadership in getting us to this point.   For 59 years straight we have passed the National Defense  Authorization Act, and I think, honestly, without the chairman's  leadership we would have failed this year. So he is owed a great debt  of gratitude by all of us and appreciation, particularly from the men  and women of the military.   Let me speak a bit about this year's bill: the William M. (Mac)  Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021.   We reached a conference committee report which was fair and  bipartisan. In fact, I think the best testimony of that was the vote  last evening by the House of Representatives--335 to 78, with 1 Member  voting present. That is, by definition, bipartisan, substantive,  overwhelmingly supported by both sides as a fair--not only fair but  extraordinarily beneficial piece of legislation for the country.   You don't get that vote on something that is partisan and narrowly  defined and divisive. This bill is bipartisan. Again, Exhibit A: the  vote last night in the House of Representatives.   We have passed it for 59 years. There should be no exception this  year. This is the 60th. And I hope we complete that and I expect we  will complete that tomorrow.   And, indeed, this whole effort, like everything else in this country,  has been twisted and exacerbated by the COVID virus. We have to deal  with that, but we recognize that, despite all the complications,  despite all of the issues that come before us, one of our most  important constitutional duties is to provide for the security of this  Nation and provide for the men and women who wear the uniform of the  United States. This bill does that.   This important bipartisan legislation enhances our national security,  strengthens military readiness and defense capabilities, protects our  forces and their families, and it supports the defense industrial base.   This bill authorizes the active and reserve component end strength  necessary to meet national defense objectives, provides a 3-percent  across-the-  [[Page S7322]]  board pay raise for the troops, and authorizes a number of bonus,  special, and incentive pay authorities necessary to retain and recruit  the highest quality individuals for military service.   The conference report, as I indicated, passed by an overwhelming  margin in the House, and I hope and believe we will have that same  outcome tomorrow in the Senate.   Despite everything in this bill to support our forces and bolster our  national security, there have been threats to veto the bill by the  President. That is his prerogative as President of the United States,  but our responsibility and our prerogative is to pass legislation which  is sound, we hope bipartisan, and serves the needs of the Nation and,  particularly in this case, the troops. And I believe we have done that.   There has been some discussion by the President of a repeal of  section 230 of the Communications Decency Act of 1996. Obviously that  is not in our jurisdiction. It is a complicated issue. To simply, at  the end of this process, stick it in does a great disservice to the  committees of jurisdiction, as well as to the complexities involved in  taking away a major factor in the operation of social media companies  all across this country.   So, once again, I think it was wise to resist trying to insert a  repeal of section 230 into the bill. Indeed, our national security and  our troops should not be held, in a sense, hostage to a very specific  business concern, and our legislation does not do that.   As I mentioned a moment ago, the crisis affecting every citizen is an  exponential spread of the COVID-19 virus, and our military is not  immune. As of last Wednesday, more than 31,000 military personnel were  infected. If you add their families and Defense Department civilians,  the number is over 48,000. These infections undermine our readiness,  including the ability to train and to deploy safely.   To respond to this health crisis--again, the most serious crisis we  have faced in 100 years, with respect to the pandemic--the conference  agreement requires the Department to develop a strategy for pandemic  preparedness and response, maintain a 30-day supply of personal  protective equipment, and to have the capability to resupply such  equipment rapidly and review the Military Health System's response to  COVID-19.   The conference agreement also requires the creation of a registry of  TRICARE beneficiaries diagnosed with COVID-19 and provides transitional  health benefits for National Guard members and their families.   I can't think of a more timely and necessary provision than this  provision in our legislation, which addresses this pandemic that faces  us today.   Now, there has been one very high profile--there are several high  profile but one high profile issue that is surrounding the bill this  year, and that is the conference agreement inclusion of the Senate  provision renaming military installations that are named after  Confederate leaders.   This provision establishes a commission to make recommendations for  the renaming or removal of names, symbols, displays, monuments, and  paraphernalia that honor or commemorate the Confederacy or any person  who served voluntarily with the Confederacy. The provision also  requires the Secretary of Defense to rename and implement the  commission's plan within 3 years of enactment.   Now, I know the President recalls this, but this passed our committee  by voice vote with one, I recall, objection by the Senator from  Missouri. It came to the floor, and there were some attempts to make  changes, but changes were not made. The bill passed overwhelmingly  for--I believe over 80 votes--including the precise language that is in  this conference report.   So we went from committee to the floor, to the conference with the  same language that was not objected to significantly by anyone. I think  that should be pointed out.   The senior Department officials at the Department of Defense are all  open to changing these names. There is bipartisan support and  cooperation on this issue, and I think it will be something that will  be implemented and will be appropriately implemented.   The conference agreement also includes a number of provisions aimed  at increasing diversity and inclusion within the Department of Defense  and military services, including the creation of a Chief Diversity  Officer within the Department and the inclusion of programs at the  Department to respond to White supremacist, extremist, and criminal  gang activity within the Armed Forces.   I say with some sense of remorse and regret that, unfortunately,  there are some--I don't think significant numbers but some of these  individuals. We have to respond to them, and we are responding to them.   The conference report also includes the Elijah Cummings Anti- Discrimination Act of 2020, which expands and enhances anti- discrimination employee protections for Federal workers.   Also, the conference agreement strengthens the Department's civilian  workforce by including technical fixes and improvements to the Paid  Parental Leave Program authorized in last year's Defense bill.   As the Presiding Officer recalls, last year was a major breakthrough,  giving Federal employees the incentive of paid parental leave. It has  been extremely well received. Now we have made sure that no one has  been left out.   We are all, I believe, disappointed that, as we look at the record of  all the services dealing with sexual assault in the military, they have  not made the progress I think we all deem necessary. To reduce barriers  and encourage victims of sexual assault to report that they were  assaulted, the conference report requires the Secretary of Defense to  establish a safe-to-report policy that would allow victims to report  sexual assault without being punished for minor misconduct related to  the assault.   We are also concerned about the issue of domestic violence affecting  our military families. The conference report requires the Defense  Department to contract with a private sector independent entity to  assess the Department's domestic violence program and to recommend  improvements to enhance the prevention of and response to domestic  violence in the military.   Let me turn to the requirements of specific military services. The  conference report supports a number of programs necessary for  modernization, including robust funding for the Army's Future Vertical  Lift Program and long-range precision fires.   For the Navy and Marine Corps, the bill would add roughly $3 billion  to authorize a number of unfunded priorities identified by the Chief of  Naval Operations and the Commandant, including funding for the CNO's  top unfunded priority, the 10th Virginia-class submarine in the current  multiyear procurement program. It also mandates changes in the  oversight and execution of shipbuilding and unmanned systems  development programs--changes that should help instill more rigor and  discipline within the Navy's efforts.   With respect to the Air Force, the bill helps improve oversight of  the Department by requiring the Secretary of Defense to submit an  annual 30-year plan for the procurement of aircraft across the  services--all the services--which is similar to the 30-year  shipbuilding report that is already in statute. The bill also supports  the Department's efforts to achieve reduced operating and support costs  of the F-35 program.   Turning to science and technology, I am pleased that the bill  increases funding for important research activity such as artificial  intelligence and quantum computing. It also includes several provisions  that strengthen our domestic manufacturing and industrial base,  including in critical sectors such as microelectronics,  pharmaceuticals, and rare earth materials.   The conference report adopts a large number of recommendations from  the Cyberspace Solarium Commission, which was cochaired by Senator  King. I must applaud him for his extraordinary work. They did  remarkable work, Senator King and his colleagues in the Senate and the  House of Representatives.   The conference report establishes the National Cyber Director  position within the Executive Office of the President to provide  national leadership for cyber security, which cuts across many  different agencies and jurisdictions. This is one of the key  recommendations, but  [[Page S7323]]  we have many more recommendations included in the report.   As we turn and look at the world outside of the United States,  particularly with regard to Russia and Europe, the conference report  enhances our ability to deter Russian aggression, maintains strong  support for Ukraine, and reaffirms our commitment to the Transatlantic  Partnership by calling for a strong U.S. force posture and capabilities  in Germany.   The conference report also expands sanctions on entities engaged in  the construction of the Nord Stream 2 Pipeline and a requirement to  impose sanctions under the Countering America's Adversaries Through  Sanctions Act, CAASTSA, on Turkey for its purchase of the Russian S-400  air defense system.   Turning to China, our other major adversary--and as the chairman  pointed out the two major features in the new national defense strategy  authored under the guidance and direction of President Trump--turning  to China, the bill established the Pacific Deterrence Initiative, a new  authority for the Department of Defense modeled after the European  Deterrence Initiative, and authorizes an additional $150 million in  funding. And I give great credit to the chairman because it was his  idea, and he asked me to participate with him. But it is a great  recognition of the world as it is today--China in an adversarial  position--and we responded to it.   I believe this is one of our strongest bills yet on countering the  threat that China poses to the United States and our partners and  allies, including India, Taiwan, and other countries in the region.   With respect to countering the continued threat posed by ISIS, the  conference report extends the Iraq and Syria train-and-equip programs  at the requested funding level, while ensuring appropriate  congressional oversight of the use of such funds.   Specific to Iraq, the conference report continues efforts to  normalize security assistance to Iraq by transitioning funding to  enduring authorities and not other temporary authorities we have been  using over the last several years--many years, frankly.   For Afghanistan, the bill extends the authority to train and equip  Afghan security forces and enhances congressional oversight. It  requires an assessment of the progress made on such issues as anti- corruption, recruitment and retention of security forces, and  commitments made by the Afghan Government in support of intra-Afghan  negotiations. It also includes a restriction on funding to reduce U.S.  forces in Afghanistan until the administration submits an assessment of  the impact of such actions on U.S. interests.    In addition, the bill includes a provision to enhance congressional  oversight of the administration's negotiations with the Taliban to  ensure the Taliban is in compliance with the commitments made on  February 29, 2020, and to address current and projected threats to the  homeland emanating from Afghanistan.   The key commitment is that we would be able to maintain a  counterterrorism presence that would be adequate and sufficient to  suppress any threat emanating from Afghanistan, and that has to be  confirmed. We are still waiting for that confirmation.   I am also pleased the conference agreement includes several  provisions, collectively known as the United States-Israel Security  Assistance Act, to extend foreign assistance, cooperative development  programs, and other support to Israel. These provisions demonstrate our  unwavering commitment to Israel.   Turning to our nuclear triad, the conference report authorized the  President's request to continue the modernization of our nuclear  deterrent, which is quickly nearing the end of its use life, and the  President recognizes that very precisely. The conference report will  also ensure the continuation of much needed modernization efforts to  continue to rebuild our aging National Nuclear Security Administration  infrastructure. The conference report does not support additional  testing, as the directors of our weapons labs have assured us and  certified that it is not necessary at this time.   The bill before the Senate is bipartisan, with strong support in  Congress. This bill is critical to our national security, but more  importantly, it provides the resources our troops need in order to do  their job and return home safely to their loved ones. Any discussion of  vetoing this bill undermines the commitment, I believe, that we have  made to our servicemembers and should be off the table. Vetoing this  bill would send the wrong signal to our forces, our allies, and our  adversaries at exactly the wrong time. It is not necessary, and it  should be avoided.   Let me close in the way that I began. Let me commend Senator Inhofe.  He has worked this bill tirelessly, and I believe he has been fair and  transparent throughout the process. As I said before, the reason we  have this bill for the 60th year--assuming our vote is strong  tomorrow--is because of the chairman and several others, but it is the  chairman principally.   I would also like to take a moment to commend Mac Thornberry. The  bill is named after Mac. He is an extraordinary gentleman. I had the  privilege of serving with him for 2 years in the House of  Representatives. He is an individual whose wise counsel, whose  integrity, whose decency, and whose dedication to the men and women of  the armed services is unparalleled. He is an extraordinary gentleman. I  can't think of a more fitting tribute and a more apt tribute than  naming this bill after Mac Thornberry.   I have to conclude by saying that despite the appearance we have done  all this work, our staff is extraordinary. John Bonsell and Liz King-- the staff directors--did superb work. Let me recognize my staff, my  Democratic staff: Jody Bennett, Carolyn Chuhta, Jon Clark, Jonathan  Epstein, Jorie Feldman, Creighton Greene, Ozge Guzelsu, Gary Leeling,  Maggie McNamara Cooper, Kirk McConnell, Bill Monahan, Mike Noblet, John  Quirk, Arun Seraphin, Fiona Tomlin, and last but not least, Elizabeth  King.   Again, this Fiscal Year 2021 National Defense Authorization Act  conference report is the culmination of months of hard work. It is a  good bill. I would say, in fact, it is one of the best bills that we  have had in many, many years, and it will provide for our national  security and our men and women in uniform and their families. I urge my  colleagues to support it.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   