 Mr. President, 2020 has been a year of immense  challenges. We are in the middle of an unprecedented economic and  public health crisis. Small businesses have been forced to shutter or  are barely staying afloat. Workers are out of jobs through no fault of  their own, and folks are stressed about feeding their families and  keeping a roof over their heads. Healthcare workers are exhausted-- pressed to their breaking points from treating patients with COVID.   But, thankfully, there is light at the end of the tunnel. With the  recent FDA vaccine emergency use authorization, Michiganians and  Americans are finally starting to receive much needed reinforcements to  combat and to control this virus.   Although there is light at the end of the tunnel, we know the next 2  or 3 months or more are going to be difficult. We cannot let our guard  down. We must continue to wear a mask, practice social distancing, and  wash our hands. We all can--and we must--play an important role in  defeating this virus, and we can do that if we work together.   Working together is the key to get through this pandemic. We know  what happens when we work together here in this Chamber. Early on in  this pandemic, we worked together to pass the CARES Act, which provided  vital resources and support to keep families and workers afloat.   We worked together to pass additional aid for small businesses, for  testing, for healthcare providers, and for hospitals. And, right now,  we need to  [[Page S7572]]  once again come together and work together to pass another round of  help. We have done it before, and we did it when case counts were far  lower than they are now.   We need to summon the same sense of urgency, and we must come  together at the end of this week and pass meaningful bipartisan and  comprehensive COVID relief. We must prove to the American people that  bipartisan negotiation is not a relic of the past.   As I talk to Michiganians each and every day, the message is very  clear. They want us to put partisan politics aside and solve the very  real challenges confronting our country.   Finding common ground and bringing people together has always been my  approach to serving Michigan and the people of this Nation. This past  year, I am proud to say, we worked together to advance legislation on  priorities that not only addressed the pandemic but also tackled issues  facing Michiganians and people across this country each and every day.   On a bipartisan basis, we have been able to pass legislation out of  Congress on a number of topics, whether it has been expanding  apprenticeship opportunities for veterans, closing loopholes that pose  a threat to our national security, saving taxpayer dollars, protecting  the Great Lakes, which is one of our Nation's most precious natural  resources, hiring more agricultural inspectors at our Nation's ports of  entry, or improving the Department of Veterans Affairs caregiver  program.   I want to take this opportunity to thank my colleagues on both sides  of the aisle for their partnership with me in advancing these  priorities. I know there is no shortage of differences among us, but  when we put personal politics aside and focus on addressing the problem  at hand, I know we can get results.   As we enter this next session of Congress, I am hopeful that we can  build on some of the progress we have made. Whether it is supporting  small businesses, lowering prescription drug costs, ensuring our Nation  remains a global leader in innovation, or getting through this public  health and economic crisis, there is much more that can be done in the  next Congress when we are all willing to reach across the aisle to find  lasting solutions.   Two years ago, I delivered George Washington's Farewell Address on  the Senate floor. It is an annual tradition here in the Senate. In that  address, President Washington warned of the dangers of tribalism and  political polarization in our country. We cannot forget President  Washington's message, particularly during these uncertain and daunting  times. We cannot let polarization prevent us from doing the people's  work. Let us build on that spirit of bipartisanship. Let us work  together to get things done. Our constituents demand it.   This week, we can again work in a bipartisan way to pass a COVID  relief bill that makes a difference to everyone suffering from this  pandemic.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   