 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of  the Driftnet Modernization and Bycatch Reduction Act, bipartisan,  bicameral legislation that would phase out the use of large mesh drift  gillnets off the coast of California.   Currently, the use of gillnets with a total length of two and one- half kilometers or more is prohibited in U.S. waters. However, off the  coast of California, we have seen that drift gillnet fishing gear  within the legal federal limit is still having an adverse impact on our  Pacific wildlife. While these mile-long gillnets are designed to catch  swordfish and thresher sharks, the large mesh net frequently captures  many other marine animals as bycatch, injuring or killing them in the  process.   The practice of drift gillnet fishing is an antiquated method for  catching swordfish and  [[Page H7118]]  thresher sharks, and is already banned in many states, including  Washington and Oregon. It is time to adopt new fishing technology in  order to set a path toward more sustainable fishing. This bill would  direct the Secretary of Commerce to conduct a transition program to  phase-out large mesh drift gillnet and promote the adoption of  alternative fishing practices to minimize the bycatch of marine  species.   Bycatch is a lingering problem in fisheries management, and such  waste is especially pervasive in driftnet fisheries. We have the prime  opportunity today to provide a solution that would improve fishery  resource management and provide the swordfish fishery participants the  needed support to transition to more selective and sustainable fishing  gear. It is a win-win situation.   On July 22, 2020, the Senate passed S. 906 by unanimous consent.  There is broad support for this legislation, including endorsements  from the American Sportfishing Association, The Pew Charitable Trusts,  Humane Society Legislative Fund, Oceana, Theodore Roosevelt  Conservation Partnership, and the National Marine Manufacturers  Association. In the spirit of bipartisanship, I urge my colleagues in  the House to join us in passing this commonsense legislation today. I  would like to thank Chairman Grijalva, Congressman Huffman, and Senator  Feinstein for their leadership on this issue as well as House and  Senate committee staff for their hard work. I look forward to the  enactment of this bill.   