 Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague for his leadership  in moving this bill forward and my colleagues in the House for passing  this bill later this evening.   I rise today in support of H.R. 943, the Never Again Education Act,  of which I am proud to be a cosponsor.   Today is International Holocaust Remembrance Day, marking the 75th  anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz-Birkenau, the Nazi's largest  death camp and genocidal machine that killed more than 6 million Jewish  men, women, and children.   It also marks the continuation of our ongoing responsibility to keep  a promise made after the Holocaust: ``never again,'' never again to  allow the evils unleashed by anti-Semitism, extremism, and hatred to  fester, never again to stand idly by in the face of genocide.   Last week, I had the solemn honor to visit Auschwitz with a  bipartisan congressional delegation led by Speaker Pelosi. Standing  before the gas chambers and furnaces, seeing what seemed like infinite  piles of personal belongings taken from the victims, endless piles of  hair of the people murdered at Auschwitz, I felt a deep responsibility  to fulfill the promise once again.   Yet, today, in this moment, we are witnessing an increase in anti- Semitism around the world and specifically here in the United States.  In 2018, a gunman walked into the Tree of Life synagogue in Pittsburgh  and killed 11 people. It was the worst anti-Semitic attack in our  Nation's history, but it was not the last. A synagogue in Poway, a  kosher grocery in New Jersey, and a Hanukkah celebration in Muncie-- across the country are increasing numbers of verbal and physical  assaults, vandalism, and other acts of anti-Jewish hate. The numbers  are truly horrifying.   Here we are in this moment, 75 years since the horrors of the  Holocaust came into full view, close to a time when there will be no  survivors left to tell their story.    Yet, anti-Semitism is just as dangerous today as it  was then, and a key lesson of the Holocaust is more important than  ever, that in the face of a dramatic rise in anti-Semitism, we must  not--indeed, cannot--remain silent.   This act is a step toward that aim by empowering the Holocaust  Memorial Museum to develop and distribute national education materials  for teachers across the Nation. Only by standing strong in our fight  against these threats in our time and on our watch can we live up to  the sacred promise of ``never again.''   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes.''    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr.  Weber) for yielding. I thank all of my colleagues as we join today and  we remember, as we rise in recognition of International Holocaust  Remembrance Day, memorializing the genocide of more than 6 million  Jews, including 1\1/2\ million children. This year's observance holds  special meaning, as it is the 75th anniversary of the liberation of  Auschwitz.   Auschwitz-Birkenau was the largest Nazi death camp, where more than  1.1 million people--men, women, and children--were brutally murdered.  The Nazis sent many people, including political dissidents,  intellectuals, Roma, and LGBTQ people to Auschwitz; but the vast  majority, 90 percent of the victims, were Jewish.   Last week, I had the solemn and profound honor to visit Auschwitz  with a bipartisan congressional delegation led by Speaker Nancy Pelosi.  We walked through the gas chambers. We stood before the ovens built to  burn up to 1,800 bodies each day. We visited the barracks where people  slept five to a rack, three racks high. We saw what seemed like  infinite piles of suitcases, shoes, eyeglasses, even human hair  collected from the victims by their Nazi killers.   Notably, in a place representing humanity's greatest crime, where  people were denied the ability to even pray to their God, we joined  with our Polish hosts to honor the memories of the martyrs by reciting  the Kaddish, the Jewish mourners' prayer.   At Auschwitz in the days that followed, we all asked ourselves: How  could the Holocaust happen? Could it happen in today's world? And how  do we ensure that such evil never happens again?   A key lesson of the Holocaust is that we cannot remain silent in the  face of rising anti-Semitism. Right now, that lesson is more important  than ever in the face of a dramatic increase in anti-Semitism around  the world, including here in the United States.   In 2018, a gunman walked into the Tree of Life synagogue in  Pittsburgh and killed 11 people. It was the worst anti-Semitic attack  in our Nation's  [[Page H561]]  history, but it was not the last: a synagogue in Poway, California; a  kosher grocery in New Jersey; a Hanukkah celebration in Monsey, New  York; across the country, a staggering increase in verbal and physical  assaults, vandalism, and other acts of Jewish hate. The numbers are  horrifying.   Globally, Jews are being told to not publicly wear a yarmulke or  other outward symbols of their Jewish identity. Throughout Europe and  increasingly here at home, armed guards are posted outside synagogues,  Jewish schools, and community centers. Entire communities are living in  fear.   We cannot remain silent. All of us, no matter who we are, where we  live, or how we worship, all of us must speak out and condemn both  anti-Semitic words and actions whenever and wherever hate raises its  ugly head.   In the House of Representatives, we have and will continue to take  action to confront anti-Semitism. Last year, the House passed the  strongest resolution in our history to clearly state we reject anti- Semitic stereotypes and considered anti-Semitic acts and statements to  be hateful expressions of intolerance that are contrary to American  values. We passed a bill to secure $90 million in funding to defend  vulnerable houses of worship.   Congress continues to help fund the United States Holocaust Memorial  Museum to preserve the memory, teach the lessons, and lead the work to  stop future genocides. Today, this House passed legislation to increase  our commitment to teaching the next generation about the Shoah.   Congress isn't just focused on anti-Semitism here at home. In 2016  and 2017, the House pressured the administration to fill the long  vacant position of Special Envoy to Monitor and Combat Anti-Semitism.  Finally, last year, President Trump appointed Elan Carr to this role to  coordinate America's response to anti-Semitism around the world.   As for our trip, after visiting Auschwitz on Tuesday, our group flew  to Israel to join delegations from 49 different nations, including 41  heads of state, at a historic commemoration ceremony at Yad Vashem on  Thursday. In the largest diplomatic gathering in Israel's history,  flanked by Kings, Prime Ministers, and Presidents, we spoke with one  common voice to honor the memories of the 6 million people lost. We  celebrated the survivors and the righteous gentiles who defied the  Nazis to save thousands of lives, and we renewed our commitment to  fight anti-Semitism now and forever.   Finally, before returning home, the group had the chance to meet with  several Holocaust survivors and hear their stories. It is said that, by  hearing the testimony of a living witness to the Holocaust, we are made  witnesses ourselves. As the remaining survivors age, soon we will be at  a point where we will have lost the last survivor's voice. We, the  living, must work to preserve their stories for future generations.    Only by remembering the lives lost and speaking out against  intolerance in our own time can we live up to our sacred promise: Never  again.   We remember. We will live up to our promise: Never again.   