 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, the  Great American Outdoors Act, and to express my gratitude for so many of  my friends and colleagues, including the 252 cosponsors from both sides  of the aisle who are working with me to secure the greatest achievement  for conservation in a generation.   Mr. Speaker, my bipartisan legislation gives Congress a chance to  deliver a massive win not only for our irreplaceable parks and public  lands, but also for this institution as a whole by showing the American  people that we can work together and keep our promises.   The Great American Outdoors Act will honor our Nation's commitment to  conservation in two important ways.   First, it fully and permanently funds the Land and Water Conservation  Fund, our most important conservation program. LWCF preserves the best  of America, ensuring hunting, fishing, boating, hiking, and other  recreational access for all of our constituents.   It is the backbone of our $778 billion economy, which accounts for  over 5 million jobs across this country. It protects working forests  and the jobs that they support in the woods and the mills. And here is  the best part: It does it all without spending a dime of taxpayer  money.   Despite this, we have consistently fallen short in utilizing the full  amount of funds in LWCF. Over the past 55 years, we have only spent  half the money that we have deposited in the fund, thereby creating an  unsustainable backlog in the Lowcountry and across this Nation. This  legislation will fix that, ensuring at long last that these funds are  spent how they were intended.   Second, it will relieve the growing multibillion-dollar maintenance  backlog in our national forests, parks, and other Federal public lands.  From crumbling roads and eroding trails to aging water systems and  deteriorating historic sites and visitor centers, the widespread  disrepair of our national treasures is only getting worse. The Great  American Outdoors Act will address this as well by making essential  investments to reverse the damage, while creating over 100,000 jobs in  the process.   Mr. Speaker, this legislation is grounded in two basic principles:  that Congress should invest funding set aside for conservation towards  the public good, and that we should pay the maintenance bills we have  already accrued. It is time that we honor our promises.   In South Carolina, the LWCF has protected the hallowed ground of Fort  Sumter, the living outdoor classroom of Congaree National Park, the  Pitt Street Bridge in Mount Pleasant, the Folly Beach Boardwalk, and  literally hundreds of other local and State parks.   In my district, LWCF protected the ACE Basin, which is the largest  undeveloped estuary on the Atlantic Coast, providing a home for the  area's incredible wildlife, a source of recreation for sportsmen and - women, and a natural safeguard for our coastal communities from  devastating weather events.   Just this past week, I heard from our veterans about the important  role that public lands play in the healing process for many men and  women transitioning back to civilian life. They told me how access to  nature and the outdoors has helped them find a sense of calm and peace.   The power of these places to heal and unite us reaches all the way  back here to Washington, where my bill is supported by the Speaker, by  the minority leader, and by a large bipartisan majority. Seventy-three  Senators have already voted for this bill, and President Trump has  specifically asked for us to send it to his desk.   In this current climate of division and discord, the Great American  Outdoors Act is exemplary of the fact that Republicans and Democrats  can still come together to pursue commonsense solutions, do right by  our public lands, and keep our word.   Mr. Speaker, I invite all my colleagues to join me in supporting our  communities, families, public lands, and economy by voting to pass the  Great American Outdoors Act.   