 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I was pleased that the Senate unanimously  agreed yesterday to proceed to conference on the 2021 National Defense  Authorization Act.   The NDAA is one of the most important pieces of legislation that we  pass here every year. It is the bill that authorizes funding for our  troops and lays out our defense priorities.   Like the last two NDAAs, this year's bill focuses on restoring  military readiness and ensuring that our Nation is prepared to meet  threats posed by major powers like Russia and China.   In November of 2018, the bipartisan National Defense Strategy  Commission released a report warning that our readiness had eroded to  the point that we might struggle to win a war against a major power  like Russia or China, and the Commission noted that we would be  especially vulnerable if we were ever called on to fight a war on two  fronts.   Over the past 2 years, we have made real progress on restoring  military readiness, but we still have more work to do.   This year's National Defense Authorization Act continues our  investment in ensuring that our military is prepared to meet current  and future threats in any domain.   Of course, no matter what weapons or tanks or planes we have, our  greatest military resource will always be our men and women in uniform,  and this year's NDAA invests in improving the quality of life for our  military members and their families. The bill supports a 3-percent pay  raise for our troops, and it builds on previous measures to improve  military healthcare and housing. It will also provide support for our  military families in areas like childcare and professional development  for military spouses.   As I said, this bill is one of the most important measures that we  pass every year, and we need to make sure that we pass the final  version of this legislation before Christmas. Failing to pass this  legislation would send the wrong message to our troops and our allies  and to our adversaries.   While this may not be a perfect bill, it contains a lot of important  provisions to rebuild our military and to give our men and women in  uniform the tools they need to defend our Nation. We need to pass it as  soon as possible.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from South Carolina (Mr. Graham), the Senator from Georgia (Mrs.  Loeffler), and the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Perdue).    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  mandatory quorum call be waived.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from South Carolina (Mr. Graham), the Senator from Georgia (Mrs.  Leoffler), and the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Perdue).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from North Carolina (Mr. Burr), the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. Inhofe),  the Senator from Georgia (Mrs. Loeffler), the Senator from Georgia (Mr.  Perdue), and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. Portman).   