 Madam Speaker, as communities across our  country continue to battle COVID-19 and as school districts around the  country continue to plan for virtual-only education, it is more  important than ever for parents, healthcare professionals, essential  workers, and our children to have access to quality, affordable  childcare.   This bill helps families by making the childcare tax credit fully  refundable and offers new assistance to childcare facilities to help  them weather the storm and continue providing the vital services our  children need.   Every Member of this House has heard from constituents who are  grappling with this challenge. Americans need our help.   Madam Speaker, I urge everyone to vote for this important bill.    Madam Speaker, in my time in Congress  rarely have I participated in Special Orders, but tonight, this is more  than a Special Order.   John Lewis was one of the greatest men to have ever served in the  Congress of the United States of America. He devoted his entire life to  helping others and to making our country a better place. It was an  incredible honor to serve with him in Congress and on the Committee on  Ways and Means.   My wife, Jan, and I walked with him over the Edmund Pettus Bridge on  the 50th anniversary of Bloody Sunday. That was 50 years after John was  almost killed on that bridge after peacefully protesting discrimination  that disenfranchised Americans in our country.   He visited my district, and hundreds of my constituents came out to  see him. One man came in a wheelchair, pushed by his daughter. And his  daughter said: My father was a Freedom Rider and marched with John  Lewis. And he checked himself out of the hospital tonight so he could  be here to see John Lewis. After they said their hellos, he got back in  the wheelchair and said: Take me back to the hospital.   I am thanked to this day for bringing John to our community.   When you would pass John in the halls of Congress, and he would greet  you with, ``Hello, my brother,'' he made you believe that you were  actually his brother. We must all commit to working harder to be a  little more like John Lewis.   Good-bye, John, and thank you. Godspeed, my brother.   