 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the American people sent a clear message in  this election. They want us to get to work to empower people with a  plan to fight this virus and to get people back to work, back to  school, and back to their lives. They gave President-Elect Biden a  commanding 5-million vote victory to do that. It is time for us to get  to work.   We have had more than 1 million new cases just in the past week. Yet  what does Leader Mitch McConnell--what does he keep the Senate in  session to do? He keeps the Senate in session and he puts essential  workers at risk all to try to ram through an unqualified nominee who  pretty much everybody in this body knows has no business serving on the  Federal Reserve.   Let's be clear on what this is about. It is about our outgoing  President--again, who lost the popular vote by 5 million people and  lost an electoral college by a landslide--trying to sabotage our  economic recovery on his way out the door. Yesterday, luckily, Senators  of both parties rejected that effort. There were 80 million Americans-- most ever by a lot--who voted for stability in this election. Judy  Shelton, the Trump nominee, promises more Trump chaos.   You can't say you support working people while putting someone in  charge who has no problem whatsoever threatening their jobs and their  savings to push a bizarre intellectual agenda. She has no idea how to  handle an economic crisis like the one we are in. Her positions aren't  conservative. They are not traditionally conservative, which we could  debate. I would be willing to vote for conservatives, as I have before,  if I thought they were qualified and their thinking was not so far, far  right out of the mainstream. But her positions aren't conservative;  they are disqualifying.   For three decades, she has advocated returning to the gold standard.  No serious person--progressive, moderate, conservative--no serious  person, left or right, still believes in the gold standard. She opposes  FDIC, Federal deposit insurance--the insurance that protects your money  when you put it in the bank. She has flip-flopped on these issues  several times during her nomination. The only thing consistent she  stands for is that she--no surprise--wants to do what Trump wants to  do. But Americans have moved on from Donald Trump, 80 million strong.  It is time for the Senate to move on from this failed nomination and  this failed Presidency.   This nomination was a waste of time. Look what we should have been  doing instead. You all know that. Every moment we spend on unnecessary,  unqualified nominees like this is time the Senate isn't spending saving  lives. It is time to get to work delivering results for the people whom  we serve.   We are watching hospitals fill up again from Oklahoma to Ohio. Our  healthcare system is getting overwhelmed. Gig workers and self-employed  workers will lose their unemployment insurance at the end of the year.  Small businesses and local governments are running out of money. It  doesn't have to be this bad.   I have had enough and I think my colleagues in both parties have had  enough of this false choice between saving the economy and combating  the virus. We have to do both, and we can do both. It is not an  unsolvable problem. We need the resources, and we have the resources.  We are the greatest, wealthiest country on Earth. We have some of the  hardest workers, the best scientists, and the smartest doctors. We have  manufacturing expertise. We have natural resources. We have the world's  reserve currency. We have all those things.   But President Trump and Senator McConnell want you to believe we  can't solve big problems; we can't use our resources to help ordinary  families; we can't use our talents to produce tests and PPE; we can't  use our ingenuity to figure out how to open businesses and schools  safely. They have essentially thrown up their hands and said: Sorry,  America, you are on your own. They want you to believe this is the best  America can do. In this election, Americans made it clear they don't  buy that. They have had enough of aiming low and being told: We can't  do that. We can't solve this problem; it is too big. We can't govern.  We can't afford it.  [[Page S7053]]    We can do big things. We did big things in World War II. We did big  things combating communism. We did big things combating the Great  Depression. We can do big things, and we can solve the problems for the  people we serve.   We did it this past spring. When we passed the CARES Act unanimously,  one study said that 12 million people were kept out of poverty because  of the $600 unemployment insurance, because of the help to small  businesses, because we helped local governments, and because we helped  people stay in their homes. There were 12 million people kept out of  poverty.   And the individual checks that were sent out, essentially, that  expired in July and August. Since then, we have seen literally  thousands of Americans a week falling into poverty. We kept millions of  Americans from falling into poverty. We can do it again. We can keep  Americans from losing their homes. We put in place an eviction  moratorium. We gave people stimulus checks. We helped support the small  businesses. Why are we not doing that again? Why does Senator McConnell  not want to do that again?   We can rise to meet this moment. We can restore people's faith in  their government. We can't allow President Trump--with his out-the-door  appointees of people out of the mainstream--we can't allow him to  sabotage this economy and sabotage this government from within,  creating chaos wherever he can, after voters decisively, decisively,  decisively rejected him with an electoral college landslide and  rejected him by more than 5 million votes. The voters have sent a clear  message to all of us to get to work.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   