 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, in 1924, when Oklahoma was a very young  State, a young lady named Ada was born in Chickasha. Now, you would get  that joke if you are from Oklahoma because we have a town in Oklahoma  called Ada and a town in Oklahoma called Chickasha. This is a young  lady named Ada born in Chickasha.   She thrived. She was an excellent student. In fact, she was the  valedictorian of her high school, Lincoln High School. She left that  and went to college. She stayed 1 year at one college, then transferred  to another college and graduated with honors in 1945.   She dreamed of being a lawyer. She had graduated with honors. She had  graduated valedictorian. She had all the credentials and all the  capabilities to do it, but she had one big problem: She was Black. In  Oklahoma in the 1940s, there were no law schools that would allow a  Black student to attend. So, in Oklahoma, the policy was to help Black  students who wanted to be a lawyer leave the State to study somewhere  else.   She really didn't want to do that. She had graduated from the great  Langston University and had a great education there and had every  ability to do that. She interviewed with the University of Oklahoma-- interviewed, actually, with the president of the school at that time-- to go through the process to get into the University of Oklahoma law  school.   She was found to be fully qualified, but the problem was, again, she  was Black. And it wasn't just a problem with the University of  Oklahoma. At that time, there was State law that did not allow Black  students and White students to study together--and certainly not to  study law together.   So she did a radical thing. On April 6, 1946, she filed a lawsuit  against the State of Oklahoma saying that she wanted to study law at  the very good University of Oklahoma law school. A young lawyer took up  her case, a gentleman named Thurgood Marshall, a young lawyer who later  became Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall. Young Thurgood Marshall  took up her case to argue in front of Oklahoma district court, where  they lost, arguing it all the way to the State supreme court, where  they lost, lost, lost. Then they took it into Federal court, saying  that, constitutionally, neither the United States of America nor any  State in the United States could block a student from studying law  simply because they were Black. They won that case.   Probably returning back to Oklahoma to study, the Oklahoma  Legislature hurriedly put together a new law school and called it  Langston Law School and opened up a room in the State capitol and put a  few books there and said: There is your law school.   Thurgood Marshall and Ada Fisher did not accept that--nor should they  have--and started the process again of saying: We can't have a separate  but ``equal'' law school in Oklahoma. They argued again in State  courts, eventually ending up again heading all the way back to the  Supreme Court.   Before it got to the Supreme Court and Oklahoma would lose again in  front of the same nine Justices, they determined that they would break,  and they would give. On June 18, 1949, more than 3 years after she  started the process of getting into law school, she was admitted into  the University of Oklahoma College of Law, where she was given a seat  in the back of the room with a sign directly in front of her that read  ``coloreds only,'' and she could sit in that row in the back of the  room.   In 1950, just the next year, those barriers would come down, and in  August of 1952, Ada Fisher graduated from the University of Oklahoma  law school and became a lawyer. She set the pace for thousands and  thousands of others who are lawyers behind her now and get the chance  of having that same joy.   Interestingly enough, if you were to visit the courthouse in Oklahoma  City, the Federal district court there--if you were there a couple  years of ago, you would have bumped into Vicki Miles-LaGrange. That  African-American judge, the pace was set for her by Ada Fisher. If you  drop by and visit it today, you would bump into Bernard Jones, that  African-American judge who serves there for the Western District of  Oklahoma. The pace was set for him by Ada Fisher decades before.   Quite frankly, we can't even fathom, in this current time period, how  different things really are, but it is interesting to notice that time  period and that generation and some ladies who really stood up and made  a difference in Oklahoma because at the same time that Ada was at  Langston University, another lady named Clara was at Langston  University.   We know her affectionately in Oklahoma as Clara Luper. Now, some  folks may not know Clara Luper's name, but they know what she did.  Clara Luper was at Langston University as well in the early 1940s. She  finished her study, got her bachelor's degree there, went and got a  master's degree, and continued on through the process. She became the  Youth Council leader for the NAACP in 1957, and in 1958 she helped her  students--her youth whom she worked with--do a really, really radical  thing to deal with segregation in Oklahoma. She talked about  nonviolence, and she talked about how to step out and take a stand. She  and a group of kids went to Katz Drug Store in Oklahoma City and sat  down at the counter and ordered Cokes. And they sat there all day,  never being served--all day. It was the birth nationwide of what we  know of as the sit-in movement, where young men and women who were  African American would go and sit down at a place and just wait to be  served. It started a movement that shook the Nation into this issue of  segregation. Those two ladies made a remarkable change for the better  in our history: Clara Luper and what she did; Ada Fisher and what she  did.   As we look back on tomorrow, Frederick Douglass's birthday, and we  celebrate February as Black History Month, we realize how much history  has really happened around us--just in the past 100 years even. We can  go back as far as we want to and talk about the great Frederick  Douglass and the influence he had on Abraham Lincoln and the influence  he had on the Nation.   Quite frankly, in Oklahoma, there are Black leaders today who are  making history, and 50 years from now and 100 years from now we will be  talking about them like we talk about Clara Luper and like we talk  about Ada Fisher.   We will be, 100 years from now, still talking about Russell Perry and  the business work that he and his son Kevin have done in radio, what  they have done in real estate, and what they have done in leadership in  our State. Russell Perry was a barrier breaker. He was a cabinet member  for a Governor. He has been a great leader and is a great leader in our  State.   We will still be talking, years and years from now, of Dr. Kent  Smith, the current president of Langston University, and what he has  done at Langston and the leadership model that he has in our State.   For years, we will be talking about the members of the 1921 Race  Massacre Commission and those individuals around Tulsa who have  gathered around to say: What are we doing to help bring a community  together and break down the barriers of segregation and of racism that  still exist?   We will be talking for years about Hannibal Johnson. He is a lawyer  and a brilliant man, a historian, and a leader in his community.   We will be talking for years about Wayland Cuban, an Oklahoma City  police officer and a person who has spent a tremendous amount of time  helping those around him and helping youth, especially those in  trouble, to have a radical turnaround.   We will talk for years about Terry Munday and what he has done on the  radio.   We will talk for years about pastors scattered all over our State  that, in the African-American community,  [[Page S1066]]  have made a very real difference in the lives of a lot of families.   We will talk for years, quite frankly, about Dr. Lester Shaw and what  he has done at A Pocket Full of Hope and how he has helped so many  kids. He has, for years, mentored students and has had a 100-percent  success rate, year after year after year, of just loving on kids and  helping them in every way he can. Dr. Shaw has made a remarkable  difference in our State.   We will talk for years about Clarence Hill and about what he has done  for race relations in our State and how he is quietly bringing people  together to sit down around a dinner table and develop friendships that  should have existed long ago.   We will talk for years about Stephan Moore and his family, what they  have done in the inner city, what they have done to pull kids out and  look at them eyeball to eyeball and give them a sense of hope and a  sense of joy.   See, in our State and around my city, Oklahoma City, where Frederick  Douglass High School is, February is not just another month. We  understand what Black history really means because we are living it  with legacy-leavers like Ada Fisher and Clara Luper and so many others  who have left such a mark.   I am proud to say I have neighbors and friends all around me who  continue to make history in what they continue to do in our State. I am  grateful to call them friends, and I am grateful we have the  opportunity to celebrate Frederick Douglass's birthday together.   I yield back.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   