 Mr. President, I think we are all a little frustrated  right now because the negotiations on the next COVID-19 package seem to  be at a standstill. If you talk to the negotiators and you even read  the press accounts, which are pretty open, what they say is that they  are deadlocked. One of the main reasons they are deadlocked is over  this issue of unemployment insurance.   Now, recall, back in the CARES Act, there was an extension of a  Federal supplement to unemployment insurance. So we put in place a $600  Federal benefit on top of the State benefits.   At the time, there were concerns about whether that would lead to  people on unemployment insurance getting more money than they would at  work, and there was actually an amendment here on the Senate floor  regarding that. Although it did not pass, I think pretty much every  Republican supported it with that concern.   In fact, that is what has happened. If you look at what has happened  over the past couple of months, as the $600 has been put in place, it  clearly has often led to people making more on unemployment insurance  than they can make at work.   In fact, the Congressional Budget Office, which is a nonpartisan  group here in the U.S. Congress that analyzes some of these economic  issues, has said that if someone is on unemployment insurance today,  they are likely to be making substantially more than someone who is not  on unemployment insurance. In other words, people are making more not  to work than to work.   CBO says: ``Roughly five of every six recipients would receive  benefits that exceeded the weekly amounts they could expect to earn  from work during those months'' if you were to extend this until the  end of the year.   In other words, they are saying that 80 percent of UI recipients  would make more on unemployment insurance than they would have at their  old jobs--meaning that if you followed where the Democratic negotiators  are in keeping $600 in place until the end of the year, there would be  an unprecedented disincentive to go to work in this country.   I think that is widely acknowledged. The University of Chicago has a  study that isn't quite 80 percent; it says 68 percent, though. I don't  think anybody disputes the fact that most people on unemployment  insurance are making more than they would if they were at work.   When I talk to my Democratic colleagues about that, they are hearing  the same thing I am hearing from small business owners--by the way,  from nonprofits, from employers of all sizes and all stripes--saying  that it is tough to get people to come back to work when they can make  more on unemployment insurance by not working.   I think a lot of my Democratic colleagues agree. It is good to get  people back to work--get back to work safely, yes, and we ought to be  sure that the employers are following the guidelines of the Centers for  Disease Control and others. But it is good to get people back to work  because then they are reconnected with their healthcare, if they have  it, with their retirement savings, and with training. That connection  to work is a positive thing, providing people with dignity and self- respect. It comes with work, so we should all be for that.    Yet when you see what is happening in this negotiation, this is being  stalled because Democrats are being intransigent. They are saying  stubbornly: We are going to stick to $600.   Today, there was a press conference with Speaker Pelosi and  Democratic Leader Schumer, and that is exactly what they said. Here is  the quote: ``We have said that we are going to have $600.'' This is  necessary.   I know that that is not where the rank and file are here in this  Chamber because I have talked to a number of my Democratic colleagues  about this. They realize that the $600--even those who thought it might  have been necessary at the time, and I voted for the package at a time  when we had unemployment that was such a shock and so high, and people  were in such need of immediate cash. But also I have heard, again, from  so many of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, that the $600 is  something they are hearing about more and more back home from the  employers who say: We can't get people back to work.   So the $600 is something that there needs to be some flexibility on  to come up with a smarter way to ensure that people can continue to get  a Federal supplement because we do continue to have relatively high  unemployment in this country. In my own State of Ohio, there is almost  11 percent unemployment. But let's not have it be so much that people  are incentivized not to work. That doesn't help anybody.   There are ``Help Wanted'' signs all over my State. I was at a Ford  plant recently, where they have 25 percent absenteeism, which they  attribute to this issue. I have been at a lot of small businesses,  which is where probably most of my colleagues are hearing a lot of  concerns about the fact that they can't get people who used to work for  them to come back, and they certainly can't hire the new people they  need, even though they are reopening safely and doing everything they  are supposed to do in terms of the guidelines. They are having a tough  time getting back to work.   There is an auto plant in Ohio where the white-collar workers are now  working on the assembly line because they can't get enough workers who  would normally have those jobs to work on the assembly line.   So this is a problem right now, and I think everybody acknowledges it  except the Democratic negotiators in this negotiation.   Now, I don't think we are actually as far apart as the media accounts  would suggest because there are lots of ideas out there. One idea, by  the way, makes a lot of sense to me, and I am going to offer this in a  moment as a resolution for the Senate to take up. I think this is the  ultimate common sense--let's keep $600 in place for now while we  negotiate something. Let's have an extension for another week on the  unemployment insurance at 600 bucks just so we can negotiate something.  What you don't want is people to fall off the cliff, and that is  starting to happen now.   The $600 expired last Friday. So 6 days ago it expired, and 6 days  ago, 7 days ago, Martha McSally, a Senator from Arizona, came to this  floor and offered this same unanimous consent request, saying: Let's  just have 600 for another week. Chuck Schumer, the Democratic leader,  objected--instead, offering the $3.5 trillion package from the House.  But he didn't respond to why we wouldn't at least give the negotiators  a week to come up with something.   So I am going to offer that same thing today because I do think it is  not  [[Page S5246]]  fair to have a cliff. I don't think there should be a cliff. I think  people should be able to have some level--but not at $600 because that  is now understood by everybody to mean that you are disincentivizing  work.   Americans are a generous people. Back in 2008 and 2009, when we had  the great recession, we also did this. By the way, we did $25 a week  then. So for Democrats who say this is unprecedented, well, we had 10  percent unemployment back then--very high unemployment--and we did $25.  I think we should do a lot more than that now but not so much that  people are making more by not working than by working.   There are a lot of ideas out there. Again, my ideas--ideas of  individual Members--may not be what this body chooses to use, and that  is fine. We are not all going to get our way, but we should be able to  come up with a compromise here.   My idea is to have a return-to-work bonus, so that you are getting  the 600 bucks, but you can take some of that money back with you when  you go back to work. That would create an incentive to get people back  to work and connect people to those businesses as we talked about and  the importance of doing that.   But there are other ideas as well. There is a plan that was put out  recently by two Obama administration veterans, former Treasury  Secretary Timothy Geithner and economic adviser Jason Furman. They  joined with a former H.W. Bush economist Glenn Hubbard to put out a  proposal from of the Aspen Institute, hardly a conservative group, that  proposes that the unemployment system--not at $600 but to continue at a  cap of $400 and have it be determined based unemployment level for the  State.   The way unemployment works in the States is the States have a  benefit, and this Federal benefit is on top of it. Most States provide  on average about 50 percent of benefits; $600 is over 100 percent. It  is over 130 percent, in fact. So this solution--again, from two Obama  administration economists--is that you have $400 as a cap, when  unemployment in those States is above 15 percent and zero Federal  supplement when the State is at 7 percent or less. It phases out  entirely. That is one bipartisan solution that is out there. Instead of  insisting on $600, I would hope at least there is a discussion of those  kinds of proposals.   Senator Romney has a proposal out there that takes the amount from  $500 per week in August to $400 to an 80-percent wage replacement  phasing out altogether by year-end. Senator McConnell put his proposal  out for a $200 amount over a 2-month period as a transition and then  goes to a percent of wages. His percent of wages is 70 percent of  wages. Again, there is no State that is that high. The States are 40  percent, 50 percent, 60 percent, in that range.   So there are ideas out there, and yet the Democrats keep coming back  again and again to this notion of: We want it all or nothing. I will  state to my colleague from Oregon who is here on the floor, and I am  glad he is--he did a very good job for Democrats negotiating this  proposal. I told him about it at the time. I know he took pride on it,  and he should have.   But we also need now to figure out where we go, going forward. None  of us should want people to be disincentivized from going to work. We  should not have a situation like we have now where, again, you have the  leaders on the Democratic side, Speaker Pelosi and Democratic Leader  Schumer, saying, ``Today, we have said that we are going to have $600.  This is necessary.''   We have to be able to show some flexibility here to be able to break  this impasse, to be able to provide for people who lost their jobs  through no fault of their own and need some help, but not continue to  have this policy in place that doesn't work for our economy, for small  businesses, and for workers themselves. Let's get the politics out of  this. Let's do something that makes sense to be able to move forward on  this broader crisis, and I think if we can fix the unemployment  insurance issue, we are likely to get there    I would be happy to yield.    I thank my colleague from Alaska.   Reclaiming my time, I think he has made a good point. We are not  talking about a negotiation here. We are talking about a weeklong  extension of the existing $600 per week, so we could enable people to  have some certainty and predictability on lives.   I have heard from folks back home on unemployment asking: What are  you doing? Why can't you come to an agreement?  [[Page S5247]]    We talked about why. The Democrats don't seem interested about moving  off their proposal, and they said it again today. Maybe they think this  is good politics--maybe they think this is something worth hurting  these people who are looking, to see if I am going to get my  unemployment or not.   I had a tele-townhall last night with a woman whose husband works in  the hospitality business, and he has lost his job, and everybody else  in that business has told him: Sorry, we are not open for business. He  does need the help. She didn't insist on $600, but she said: Give us  some certainty that something will go forward.   So that is what this is about. This is just to say give us a week at  $600, the full amount, in order to negotiate something that makes more  sense for the economy, for small businesses, and for workers. This  Martha McSally motion which was offered earlier this week and last  week, we are going to offer today. It is a unanimous consent.   I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of the bill at the desk; I further ask that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    I was hoping after all that there wouldn't be an  objection because I can't believe that my friend  [[Page S5249]]  from Oregon believes that it is not a good idea to do an extension. All  we are talking about is an extension for a week of the $600, the full  amount, even though, again, all the data out there shows that amount is  not practical for our economy, for workers, or for businesses.   He made a valiant effort trying to explain why he is not for that,  but I know that people who are watching just think it is common sense.  Let's continue to discuss, but let's be sure we have, as my colleague  from Alaska said, good-faith negotiations. That is not good faith, to  say $600 or nothing. And that is exactly what the negotiators have  said.   To my colleague from Oregon, I wish they would authorize you to  negotiate. I think you and I could actually work out something, and I  think you probably do too. But they have not authorized us, and the  Democratic negotiators have said $600 or nothing   This notion that the 1-week extension just doesn't work--absolutely  it works. Are you telling me that the State unemployment offices would  not provide the $600? Of course they would. There would be a lapse, of  course. There would be a week or two, they say. But that $600 would be  in people's pockets.   By the way, there is a lapse right now, so people who lost their  unemployment last Friday in some States, including Ohio, continue to  get it because there is a lapse in the payment. So, yes, people would  get the money. Of course they would get it. And they would be able to  plan on it and have some certainty.   Frankly, if it hadn't been blocked last week when Senator McSally  stood right over here and offered it, it would be even sooner that  people would get it. I say it is 1 to 2 weeks, so for some people, they  would be getting it right now.   It is absolutely essential for us to figure out how to find a way  forward here. It is not, to me, an option for us to do nothing. We  can't allow this cliff to continue. But in the meantime, all we are  saying is, let's just have a little time to work it out, and hopefully  the Democrats will get off of their $600 and realize that is not a path  forward because it doesn't work.   You are right. When we put the $600 in place, our thought was that  would be about average. In other words, it would be the average wage  replacement, so that you would have half the people making a little  more and half the people making a little less. That is not how it  worked out.   Again, the Congressional Budget Office--nonpartisan CBO--says that  more than 80 percent of the UI recipients are going to make more on  unemployment than they would at their old jobs, if you follow the  Democratic proposal. In Chicago, 68 percent, but that is not what we  intended. Certainly, we should be able to adjust here, and we should be  able to get to yes.   My deep concern is that the negotiators are so intransigent on the  Democratic side that we will end up hurting the very people Democrats  are talking about helping.   Let's come up with a sensible solution. I think there is a path here,  and it is to negotiate in good faith. I think an Executive order isn't  necessary if we do our work. I think inaction by not negotiating in  good faith is the worst possible outcome.   I yield to my colleague from Alaska.    I yield back.   