 Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to defeat the previous  question so that the House may take up H.R. 5595, the Israel Anti- Boycott Act, that would help fight back against the BDS movement.   This bill would prohibit boycotts or requests for boycotts imposed by  international governmental organizations against Israel and would  protect American companies from being coerced to provide information to  those organizations for the purpose of furthering boycotts against  Israel.   This bill holds individuals who attempt to violate this protection  accountable. Additionally, it establishes Congress' opposition to the  BDS movement and condemns the United Nations' Human Rights Council's  creation of a blacklist of companies doing business in the West Bank,  East Jerusalem, and the Golan Heights as an act of BDS.   This legislation does not impede the right of any individual American  to boycott or criticize Israel. It is okay to have reasonable,  legitimate concerns with any government, including our own and allies  like Israel, but this hate-fueled movement is not all about affirming  the rights of Palestinians.   The BDS movement has fueled anti-Semitism across college campuses and  in our country's politics. I hear from Jewish students on college  campuses across America who are being subjected to blatant anti- Semitism under the guise of BDS. For example, at Syracuse University,  they are granting internship school credit to students interning with  pro-BDS organizations  [[Page H1483]]  after a slew of anti-Semitic graffiti vandalized the school.   The founder of BDS was blatantly anti-Semitic, and this movement is  being pushed by many people who support a one-state solution that would  end Israel, our Nation's greatest ally.   BDS tries to delegitimize Israel by turning it into a pariah state  cut off from all trade, tourism, military, diplomatic, and cultural  ties with the rest of the world. Last month, the U.N. did it again and  published a blacklist of companies doing business in the West Bank.   We must forcefully condemn this.   This House, last year, passed H. Res. 246, a resolution to condemn  the BDS movement. Making a statement was a start, but now it is time to  do something about it and pass legislation with teeth.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to defeat the rule and defeat the  previous question.   