 Mr. President, this bill is going to pass overwhelmingly.  It may pass unanimously tonight, but I think this amendment would make  it substantially better. I expect we will see a party-line vote on this  amendment, and I think that is unfortunate because the consequence of  the system--the unemployment insurance system--in this bill right now  is that we are going to substantially disincentivize work, and it is  going to hurt workers. It is going to hurt small businesses.   Let me give you a concrete example. In Texas right now, the maximum  unemployment insurance is $521 a week. After this bill passes, that  will rise from $521 a week to $1,121 a week. That is nearly just over  $58,000 a year. That means that, in the State of Texas, we are going to  be paying people, offering them, basically, 28 bucks an hour not to  work.   Now, listen, every one of us recognizes that people are hurting. The  problem is the incentive. We are creating an incentive that will hurt  small businesses.   If you have a waiter or a waitress who has lost their job for a few  weeks, they are on unemployment, and they are making $25, $26, $28 an  hour, suddenly, the prospect of going back to that job and seeing the  money they are making going down substantially doesn't seem too  attractive. And, suddenly, the restaurant owner who is trying to make  the small business work can't attract those workers back. That is bad  for everyone. Incentives matter. We want people to work.   So I would ask the Senator from Illinois: You said the problem with  implementing this principle--that we shouldn't pay people more not to  work than they make working--was administrative, that the Department of  Labor and the States couldn't do it. Would the Senator agree with this  amendment, and would the Democratic Party agree with this amendment if  it simply had language inserted ``to the best extent practicable''?   So acknowledging that it may not be practicable, would you agree with  the principle that in implementing this, the States and the Department  of Labor should try to make sure we are not paying people more not to  work than they would make if they were working?    I will yield to the Senator from Illinois.    If I could reclaim my time?    These quarantines are going to end. The period of staying  at home is going to end. But under the policy favored by the Democratic  Senators, there is going to be an incentive that is going to end up  with more people being unemployed.   Let's say you are a restaurant. And if you keep your employees on,  maybe through a small business loan, you can pay them, say, 10 bucks or  11 bucks or 15 bucks an hour, whatever you are paying. But if you let  them go, they can go on unemployment and make a whole lot more money.  You don't think there are going to be a lot of small business owners  who have their employees saying: Wait a second, I can make more money?   That is a bad incentive. We want to create incentives. I agree that  people want to work, but government can mess that up if we make it more  profitable.   Look, the checks we are sending, the $1,200 a person, don't create an  incentive. It is not $1,200 if you do x conduct. We want incentives  that bring people back to work so that these small businesses that are  closing their doors every day don't stay closed--so that they open up  again, and that they have opportunity again.   It is a perverse incentive to pay people more not to work than to  work. Yes, we should help them, but we shouldn't trap them. That is  what this policy does.    Of course.    The incentives matter. We don't want to delay a recovery  from this crisis by 4 months. Hopefully, we stop this global pandemic,  and we stop it soon. You don't know how soon that will be. I don't  know.   One of the benefits of this bill is that we are flooding more  resources--and we should be--into testing, into preventive gear, and  into ventilators. There is a lot we need to do to stop this pandemic,  but when it ends--and it will end, and we will get through this--we  want people to go back to work--not 4 months from now. We want them to  go back to work as soon as they are able to go back to work, and that  is what our economy needs to be strong.   I would note, again, that I posed a question to the Senator from  Illinois: Would he take a modification that acknowledges the  administrative problems but said that this is the principle we should  follow--that you shouldn't be paid more not to work than you are paid  to work. And the Senator from Illinois didn't answer that.    Absolutely.    I do. I am going to vote for it, but it doesn't create an  incentive. This is where too many in the Democratic Party don't  understand the incentives of trapping people out of work.   Incentives are future looking. In sending these checks right now, if  you make $75,000 or less, you are going to get a check in the mail in  the next couple of weeks. That is helping relief, but it doesn't create  an incentive for conduct tomorrow. What I don't want is for people to  be sitting there making a choice--making a very rational choice.   Look, if you are sitting there and saying, Well, gosh, I can make a  lot more money staying at home with my kids and not working than if I  go back to the job, that is not an irrational decision if you are  making 28 bucks an hour to stay home. We are causing that problem if we  are incentivizing people not to work, and that is not, ultimately, in  their interest or in the economy's interest. This is hurting workers-- to pay them more not to work than they would make if they were working.    So, with respect, the Senator from Illinois is suggesting  this is somehow some negative moral judgment that it makes them lazy.  It is exactly the contrary. I am saying people behave according to  rational incentives.   Look, our girls are 11 and 8 at home. We have incentives all the  time: positive incentives and negative incentives. Incentives work.   We don't want to create a system where someone, being perfectly  rational and reasonable, says: Well, gosh, I can make a lot more money  for my family staying home than I can going to work. If I go to work,  my family makes less money. That is not a question of being lazy. That  is a question of the government is putting me in a position where, if I  want to care for my kids, I can do a better job of that by staying  home. That is really foolish, and that, unfortunately, is the position  right now of what I expect to be the Democratic Senators who will vote  no on this.   That is a bad policy for workers. It is a bad policy for small  businesses. It is a bad policy for the economy. We should support jobs,  not paying people not to work. Give them a safety net, yes. Give them  relief, yes. But don't create incentives that make the problem worse,  and that is what this Democratic policy will do.   I yield the floor.    Will the Senator yield for a question?    A question to the Senator. The Senator said that you were  concerned about implementation and that it may not be timely at the  State level to implement this.   I think, just prior to when you came to the floor, I suggested a  possible amendment to the Senator from Nebraska's amendment that would  add a qualifier, something like, ``to the best extent practical.'' So  it doesn't slow the program down, but it acknowledges that both the  Department of Labor and the States should endeavor to implement this in  a way that ensures people don't get paid more not to work than to work.   So it adds a qualifier. You just suggested there might be bipartisan  agreement. Would the Senator from Delaware be amenable to such a  change?   