 Madam President, I came before the Chamber yesterday and  made the case as to why Congress needs to begin negotiations on another  COVID-19 emergency supplemental bill and to do it now. The needs are  real. They are immediate. In fact, when the House passed the Heroes  Act, we should have begun those negotiations in the first week after it  had passed it, but we didn't. We should have begun the negotiations in  the second week after it had passed it, but we didn't. We should have  begun the negotiations in the third week after it had passed it, but we  didn't--and the fourth and the fifth and the sixth.   Every day, I talk with Vermonters, sometimes hundreds at a time in  statewide conference calls. From small businesses, to families, to  schools, to hospitals, to Federal employees, I hear their urgent needs.  So I want to talk today about just one of those urgent needs--funding  for the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, USCIS.   It plays an important role in our Nation's immigration system. It  processes requests for immigration benefits, American citizenship, and  it screens asylum seekers. The agency is staffed by more than 19,000  dedicated men and women across the country, including roughly 1,700 in  my home State of Vermont.   Last Friday, furlough notices were sent out to 13,350 of the 19,000  USCIS employees. They are effective next month, on August 3. That is  just 4 weeks from now. In Vermont, 1,111 men and women received this  notice, which is over 65 percent of the USCIS workforce in Vermont.  These are men and women who, day after day, do important work for the  Nation. They have continued to do that work every day even during the  COVID-19 pandemic.   And they have been told, even though they have been doing the work  loyally and effectively, after August 3, a month from now, they can no  longer do their job; they will no longer receive a paycheck.   Nationwide these are 13,350 new and urgent reasons why the Senate  must act on our Nation's real and immediate needs, and the Senate  majority must make that possible now. We have lost 6 weeks since the  House acted on this. It is time the Senate acts.   I have been ringing the alarm bells for more than a month on this  issue. We know that due to declining revenue, immigration-related  application fees coming into USCIS, the agency is facing a budget  shortfall of $1.2 billion, and the furlough notices that were suddenly  sent out last week are the result of this shortfall. USCIS is simply  saying they can't pay employees with revenues they do not have.   I would remind everybody the shortfall is not entirely due to COVID- 19. The agency has not lived within its budget for the last 3 years of  this administration, and, frankly, the Trump administration's  mismanagement and extreme immigration policies have only worsened the  situation.   As part of the President's efforts to erase our identity as a nation  of immigrants, he has not just tried to shut  [[Page S4095]]  our Nation's doors to asylum seekers and refugees, he has attempted to  restrict almost all immigration to this country.   He has created obstacles for immigrant workers, created a wealth test  for immigrants, even exploited the current public health emergency to  impose additional immigration restrictions that have nothing to do with  public health.   And because USCIS has not been able to issue visas or process other  immigration benefits as they normally do as a result of President  Trump's anti-immigrant policies, revenue, of course, has fallen.   No matter the cause, the budget shortfall is real. We have to address  it. Furloughs would not only disrupt the processing of immigration  benefits and American citizenship and other critical services provided  by USCIS, but it is going to cause unnecessary hardships on thousands  of Federal employees and Federal contractors. It is going to come at a  time when our Nation is already dealing with record job losses.   The loss of these valuable jobs will also cause hardship to the  communities across the Nation where these Federal workers live and  work. These are communities already struggling with the pandemic. They  were dealing with people who have skills that have been built up over  years of experience.   So let's craft a fair, responsible solution to this problem. That  would require emergency appropriations and accompanying legislation to  ensure transparency and accountability.   Time is of the essence. I know, as vice chairman of the  Appropriations Committee, we have agreement on the vast majority of the  possible appropriations bills. There has been a concern by the  Republican majority not to bring them up because they do not want  something on COVID.   Well, every Senator can go home and talk to their people in their  State. They will hear, as I do every single day in my calls from  Vermonters, there is a need to do something regarding COVID.   Now, there have been numerous calls by myself and the Democratic  leadership in the Senate, and despite those calls, the White House and  the Republican majority have refused to move forward on a fourth COVID- 19 emergency appropriations bill where we could address this and other  critical issues caused by the coronavirus pandemic.   We should not wait any longer. In fact, we must not wait any longer.  I call on Majority Leader McConnell to begin bipartisan negotiations on  a COVID-19 emergency relief bill now so we can solve this problem  before furloughs are necessary.   The Senate is about to recess for 2 weeks, but that doesn't mean our  work stops. With millions of people working from home due to the  coronavirus, including in the U.S. Senate, we have shown that we can do  our job from wherever we are located.   I know, on the major COVID bill, my staff and I worked 7 days a week,  sometimes very late into the night, and we are all in separate  locations, but we got it done, and we got an appropriations bill  through here that almost all Republicans and Democrats voted for  because people worked together. We worked together. We passed  legislation this country needed.   We showed it can be done, so we can and we should begin bipartisan,  bicameral negotiations. Do it during the next 2 weeks so that when the  Senate is back in session, we have legislation to consider and debate.  We can enact the bill into law expeditiously.   If there are amendments people want or things they want to change,  vote them up or vote them down. We should be willing to stand here and  vote, and then we can enact a bill into law and do it expeditiously.   The American people deserve no less. The dedicated men and women at  USCIS deserve no less, but I would say the men and women of every  single one of our States deserve no less.   There are 100 of us here. We have shown we can work together. We have  done it before. We have done it with appropriations bills. We sat here,  voted for or against amendments, and then did what is best for the  country. Let's do it. Let's not be afraid to vote.   I see my distinguished friend from Texas on the floor.   I yield the floor.   