 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 3 minutes.   Mr. Speaker, first, I want to say, like all my colleagues, I mourn  the passing of   John Lewis. As someone said this weekend, he lived a  consequential life and, I would add, one that we all admire.   Mr. Speaker, on the bill before us, I am very grateful for the kind  words of Chairman Smith, as well as for the generous amendment he  offered in committee related to the name of this bill and also the very  generous response of all Members on both sides of the aisle.   I will confess, Mr. Speaker, that all of this naming business makes  me a  [[Page H3322]]  little uncomfortable because this bill is not about any of us. It is  about the men and women who serve our Nation, their families, and  American national security. As the chairman points out, that was the  focus of this bill for 59 straight years. With his leadership and the  leadership of Senator Reed and Senator Inhofe, I am sure that it will  be number 60.   Obviously, I do not agree with everything that is in the bill, but on  balance, it is a good bill. In some particular areas, it is a very good  bill. I want to highlight, for example, the family resiliency and  readiness provisions, thanks to good work from Mr. Kelly and Ms.  Speier.   I want to highlight a number of cyber and artificial intelligence  provisions, thanks to the good work of Mr. Langevin, Ms. Stefanik, Mr.  Gallagher, who chaired one of the committees we set up.   A number of provisions in this bill strengthen relationships with  partners and allies, and among others who have worked on this are Mr.  Gallego, Mr. Crow, Ms. Cheney, and Mr. Turner. There is a lot of very  good substance in this bill.   Bringing it all together, I want to credit the leadership of the  chairman, not only for assembling a bill of good substance, but for  passing it by a vote of 56-0 and doing so in a very, very challenging  time.   I join him in applauding the staff for not just the substance but the  logistics, all that is required to bring this bill to us.   Finally, Mr. Speaker, I can't help but note that whenever there is a  crisis in this country, we turn to the military, and we have seen that  several times just within the past few months. So the thrust of this  bill is to say, okay, if we are going to turn to the military in times  of crisis, then we need to support them with the best training, the  best equipment, the best support of all kinds that we can provide.  Because they are there for us, we need to be there for them.   That is the thrust of this bill this year, as it has been in the  past, and I believe it certainly deserves Members' support as we move  forward.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Ohio (Mr. Turner), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Strategic  Forces.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Colorado (Mr. Lamborn), the distinguished ranking member of the  Subcommittee on Readiness.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Wittman), the distinguished ranking member of the  Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman  from Missouri (Mrs. Hartzler), the distinguished ranking member of the  Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman  from New York (Ms. Stefanik), the distinguished ranking member of the  Subcommittee on Intelligence and Emerging Threats and Capabilities.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Mississippi (Mr. Kelly), the distinguished ranking member of the  Subcommittee on Military Personnel.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Alabama (Mr. Rogers), the distinguished ranking member of the Committee  on Homeland Security.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Wisconsin (Mr. Gallagher), a distinguished member of our committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Indiana (Mr. Banks), a member of our committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman  from Wyoming (Ms. Cheney), the distinguished chair of the Republican  Conference, who is also a member of our committee.    Mr. Speaker, I presume the chair has no further  speakers and, therefore, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, I want to, again, thank each and every one of the  members of the House Armed Services Committee. Every one of them,  Republican, Democrat, those of us who have been there a  [[Page H3328]]  while, those who are new to the committee, have contributed to this  product.   As the chairman and I were saying, the dedicated professionals who  work on the committee staff have done an outstanding job, especially, I  think, under these conditions this year.   I also want to thank my personal office, which has contributed in  many ways to this whole effort. This has been all-hands-on-deck sort of  work, and I appreciate their work as well.   Finally, Mr. Speaker, I want to emphasize the importance of  maintaining the bipartisan approach by which this bill came out of  committee; 56-0 is not easy, and it is the chairman's leadership that  enabled it to be so.   Now, we have some work to do. We have some amendments to go through.  If some of those amendments pass, it would be very hard to maintain  that approach going through. But assuming we can maintain this  bipartisan approach, where nobody gets everything they want, but there  is enough there and a higher purpose that holds us together so that it  can come out of this House on final passage tomorrow with a similar or  roughly similar vote, I think that will be very important.   It will be very important for the men and women who are serving our  Nation all around the world to see that Republicans and Democrats can  fight about taxes and healthcare and other things, but they can come  together when it comes time to support them.    For all those military families who have been disrupted with their  moves during COVID and are undergoing all sorts of inconveniences and  hardships, it is very important for them to see that Republicans and  Democrats can come together in Congress to support them and to advance  their interests.   For allies and adversaries around the world, they need to see that,  yes, we will argue with each other, and we will have a variety of  differences, but when it comes to American national security, we stand  together. I think if we can do that, that message alone is more  important than any of the particulars of this bill.   Standing together for American national security, for the men and  women who serve and their families, that is the most important thing we  can do. I hope and trust that will be the result come tomorrow.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Turner).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished  gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. Cheney).    Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, near as I can tell, this is an amendment in response to  a mistaken press story. We depend on nuclear deterrent as the  cornerstone of our defense efforts. The nuclear weapons are aging  machines. We don't understand everything that happens as they age. We  have fewer of them and fewer kinds of them so that if there is a  problem, it is a bigger deal.   So, what we have decided to do is to be ready to test in case we need  to. That is what the $10 million in the Senate is. It is test  readiness, like the diagnostic machines, the machines that dig holes in  the ground to do these underground tests.   We need to be ready. The harder we make it to test, the more  obstacles we put in the way of a test if needed--only if needed. But  the harder we make it, the less credible our nuclear deterrent is. The  less credible our nuclear deterrent is, the more our adversaries will  try to take advantage of us and the more our allies will decide to  develop their own nuclear weapons because they can't depend on us.   Mr. Speaker, these things are important. They have big consequences.  We should not make decisions like this based on a mistaken press story.   Mr. Speaker, I urge that the amendment be rejected, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I demand the yeas and nays.    Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman  from Wyoming (Ms. Cheney).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Colorado (Mr. Crow), a distinguished combat veteran.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Massachusetts (Mr. Moulton), another distinguished combat veteran.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, somehow, somewhere, common sense has to play a role  here. We have a negotiated agreement with the Taliban. Part of that  agreement involves the reduction and ultimate withdrawal of U.S.  troops. In return, the Taliban has promised to play a more constructive  role in the country.   This amendment says we are leaving anyway, no matter what the Taliban  does. It wraps up their fondest wish, puts a bow on it, and just hands  it to them, betraying the brave men and women of Afghanistan who have  worked and sacrificed to build a better country and worked side by side  with us to prevent another terrorist attack against us.   That seems to make no sense. Why would we do such a thing?   As all the speakers have said, we all want to ultimately leave  Afghanistan. We should do so in a way that is fair to our allies, fair  to the people of Afghanistan, and protects American national security.  Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I demand the yeas and nays.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1\1/2\ minutes.   Mr. Speaker, I think this amendment reflects a basic understanding of  why that underlying provision of law is there.   The Pentagon loves this amendment because they have tried before to  prevent us from receiving any information about anything that is not in  their budget request. They want us to rubber-stamp whatever they send  over and not exercise our independent judgment.   But the Constitution says it is our responsibility to raise and  support,  [[Page H3336]]  provide and maintain the military forces of the United States. So, we  take the Pentagon proposal seriously, but it doesn't mean we rubber- stamp them.   We solicit wider amounts of information, and sometimes, we have  different judgment calls. Looking back over history, our judgment calls  look pretty good, I would say. Sometimes within the Pentagon, there are  cultural issues, parochial issues, service rivalries that shape the  budget that comes to us.   We, in Congress, need that broader look. We need to hear from the  combatant commanders what did not make it into the budget because then  we may have a different judgment call about what should be in the  budget.   Those reports help us do our job. That is why it is a matter of law  that they are sent to us, and that is the reason it makes no sense to  deny us the information we need to fulfill our responsibilities under  the Constitution.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Mississippi (Mr. Kelly).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Michigan (Mr. Bergman).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the  gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. Hartzler).    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Wyoming (Ms. Cheney).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Ohio (Mr. Turner).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wittman).    Mr. Speaker, has all the gentleman from Wisconsin's  time been used?    Mr. Speaker, the underlying bill, as Chairman Smith  pointed out a few moments ago, is consistent with the 2-year budget  agreement, which was made last year.   It turns out, many of the sponsors of this amendment voted for that  2-year budget agreement. But this year, they only want to cut defense.   As my colleagues have pointed out, some accounts are exempt, and that  means the real cut is not 10 percent. It is 16 percent. That 16 percent  cut would have a severe effect on modernization; on the research we  need to do to catch up, in many cases, with Russia and China; and  especially on maintenance.   This House has been a leader in restoring our readiness and  maintaining our planes, ships, and equipment. This takes us back the  other way. In other words, this amendment may well cost lives.   As several of my colleagues have mentioned, while it exempts some  accounts dealing with our people, other accounts are not exempt. So,  this amendment results in a $216 million cut to military housing; a  $470 million cut to the Department of Defense dependent education  program; a $184 million cut to commissaries; $900 million to defense  nuclear environmental cleanup, including a $145 million cut to the  Hanford site.   But underneath it all, there is a fundamental flaw in this amendment.  It says that we can cut defense without consequences. It is kind of  like we can hide our head under the covers, cut defense, and assume  that the threats are just going to go away. But they don't.   Those who don't share our values will step into the void. The world  will grow more dangerous, and Americans and America's national security  will suffer as a result. That is the fact.   History proves, time and time again, weakness begat aggression. That  is what this bill tries to avoid, and I hope that, on a bipartisan  basis, Members will reject this amendment.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to distinguished  gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Shimkus).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Kentucky (Mr. Massie).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Bergman).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Bost).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Gonzalez).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentleman from Florida (Mr. Bilirakis).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentleman from Arizona (Mr. Gosar).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentleman from Colorado (Mr. Buck).    Madam Speaker, I have no further requests for this en  bloc package. I urge its support, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from California (Mr. Garcia).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Keller).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman from Pennsylvania.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Smith).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I support en bloc package No. 2, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   