 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the postal  provisions in H.R. 2 and have offered an amendment to strike them from  the bill.   As ranking member of the Subcommittee on Government Operations of the  Oversight and Reform Committee, I was very much disappointed that we  were not consulted on these provisions.   My colleagues from the Oversight and Reform Committee and I have been  closely following the financial health of the Postal Service, and we  receive, in fact, weekly updates on mail volume, revenue, and cash on  hand. The numbers are very clear, what we have received. The $25  billion postal bailout provided in H.R. 2 is just simply premature. We  don't need to go there at this point.   A few weeks ago, I asked the Postmaster General to revise the initial  estimates for the direct impact from the pandemic, which included this  $25 billion for modernization. The reality is that, over the last  several months, the revenue trends no longer support the Postal  Service's multibillion-dollar bailout request. This is because there  are much better numbers and performance that has been driven by package  volume.   Let me give you some examples.   During the first 11 weeks of the pandemic, the Postal Service earned  $330 million more in revenue than this same time last year. The Postal  Service also improved its amount of cash on hand by at least $600  million. And as of June 4, they had $13.2 billion in cash.   In addition, while negotiations with the Treasury Department are  still ongoing, the Postal Service has yet to even tap into the $10  billion in lending that was authorized by Congress in the CARES Act.   A long-term plan to turn the Postal Service around is also being  developed. My colleagues from the Oversight and Reform Committee and I  have called for a 10-year business plan to improve the Postal Service's  business model.   And given the start of the new Postmaster General's term, we are  hopeful that an updated plan that outlines specific reforms to put the  Postal Service on firm financial footing is going to happen.   But absent revised estimates and a business plan, it is unclear what  the true needs of the Postal Service are. I will just say that the USPS  was designed to be self-sufficient, a self-sufficient entity. The only  way of dealing with that issue is by long-term legislative reform, not  a bailout. That is the only way to do it.   So we cannot continue throwing taxpayer money away and particularly  adding green new deals. I ask my colleagues to support this amendment.   