 Mr. President, the Senator from South Dakota has said it  well, and I just want to come down here today to echo that we have had  so many misstatements made by people on the other side of the aisle  this afternoon and this evening that I just think it cries out for  explanations.   Senator Thune is correct. This is a bipartisan bill that we are  asking for consideration on, that we are asking that a vote be taken so  that we can have the final 30 hours of debate and get to it tomorrow.   America is crying out for this. The financial markets are watching  this. Our economy is teetering on the brink. We need to get this done.   I, too, was in one of the working groups, and we had equal numbers of  Democratic and Republican Senators in this working group, with their  staffs, with their laptops. And much of what is in the bill was  hammered out with the input of Democratic and Republican members of  this working group. There were a few issues, yes, that we couldn't  resolve, and so we kicked it up to the Democratic leader and the  majority leader to be hammered out, perhaps in consultation with the  administration.   But, far and away, most of this legislation is bipartisan in nature,  and it just pains me for, somehow, the accusation to be made that this  is nothing but a partisan bill written by the Republican leader.   What is this about? The American people need to understand this. This  is about getting money to average workers so they can pay their bills  and so they can stay employed. It involves enhanced and lengthened  unemployment insurance, and it is a provision given to us and designed  and conceived by our Democratic friends. We felt it was worth doing,  and we put it in the bill.   Also, as the distinguished Senator from South Dakota said, there is  $350 billion for small businesses to keep workers from ever being  unemployed in the first place, to keep them on the job. This could  happen as early as this coming week. They would be able to use this  money to pay the salaries, and those people would never have to go on  unemployment insurance because they can still be on the job.    That is what is in this bill. That is what we need to get to a  conclusion about and send over to the House of Representatives tomorrow  morning.   Of course it involves checks from the government, massive checks--a  massive amount of checks to middle-income Americans to just give them a  little something in their accounts so they can pay the bills in  response to this economic downturn that we have had. It involves loans  to keep Americans working. This is something that I, in particular, was  working on with my Republican colleagues and with Democrats in this  working group.   The airline business in this country is about to shut down. Passenger  rates are single digits. They can't stay afloat with this. It pains me  to hear our solution to this problem to keep airline workers working  described by my Democratic friends as a bailout. That is what would  happen if we were just going to hand over cash to the airlines to keep  them afloat, but that is not what we are doing.   What we are doing is offering to pay loans--quick loans--to the  airlines companies so they can continue to pay their employees and keep  them on the job and not put them on the unemployment rolls.   These loans would be made at market rates. There would be no loan  forgiveness, and they must be paid back--not a grant, not a bailout. It  is offensive to me to hear some of my friends, who perhaps have not  read the bill and are not as thoroughly versed on its provisions as we  who actually wrote the bill are, describe this as a bailout for  corporate America. Nothing could be further from the truth.   There were some people asking us to make grants to the big airline  companies. We rejected that on a bipartisan basis and said: No, these  must be loans. Once the airlines get back on their feet and once this  coronavirus outbreak has subsided, they will be in good shape again,  and they will be able to pay it back--with market interest rates, just  like any other business that has to take out a loan. But we have to get  this money to them in a hurry.   So I object and had to come down here and say that perhaps they are  confused, perhaps they haven't read the bill, as I have. But it makes  available loans to the airline industry and to other related industries  that are critical to national security.   If I might, let me read a sentence or two from the bill itself. This  is bill language that I am quoting: ``The Secretary may enter into  agreements to make loans or loan guarantees to 1 or more eligible  businesses.''   The applicant must be a business for which credit is not reasonably  available. They can go out and borrow money from banks. This doesn't  apply to them. But our airlines are going to need more money than that.  This says that they must be paid back   ``[T]he loan or loan guarantee is sufficiently secured.''   Again, I am reading from bill language.   ``[T]he duration of the loan or loan guarantee is as short as  practicable.''   My friend from Illinois--I appreciate the tone that he and my friend  from Ohio used in their exchange just a few moments ago. I do think  there is a real possibility that minds of good will can come to an  agreement tonight. The realities on the ground in our country demand  that and cry for it. But again, I must take issue with my friend from  Illinois saying that there were no restrictions on the loans that we  are giving to the airline industries that we are going to allow the  Secretary of the Treasury to give.   He mentioned specifically that we need to prohibit stock buybacks.  These airline companies are going to get these loans. We need to have a  provision in the law that prohibits stock buybacks.   As a matter of fact, that is in the bill that we wanted to take up  and were unable to get the requisite number of votes for just an hour  or so ago. In the bill, we prohibit loans from being used by the  company to buy back their stock.   Here is bill language: ``(E) except to the extent required under a  contractual obligation in effect as of the date of enactment of this  Act, the agreement prohibits the eligible business from repurchasing  any outstanding equity interests while the loan or loan guarantee is  outstanding.''   So no corporate buybacks--we have answered one of the concerns the  Democratic whip mentioned in his remarks. None of this money can go to  increase executive salaries. It must be repaid, and it must be repaid  with interest. Our bill has explicit prohibitions against any loan  forgiveness for any of the loans in this entire section.  [[Page S1910]]    This is hardly a bailout. We are offering a lifeline. Again, this  bipartisan language hammered out by Republicans and Democrats offers a  lifeline to critical companies that would probably not survive. We do  it by providing carefully crafted and restricted loans to protect the  taxpayers.   Without these loans being available in the very next few days, some  of these companies will file bankruptcy. Many thousands of these  employees will lose their jobs. We are trying to pass this bill to keep  that from happening--128,000 workers in one company; 92,000 workers in  another company; 79,000 workers in yet another.   I say to my friends: Let's negotiate these last few details and get  this done, but don't misrepresent this as a big giveaway to corporate  America. This is designed to help average Americans who are suffering  and threatened with the loss of their jobs.   The majority whip mentioned the appropriations portion of this.  Again, this is money that is needed. Americans need to know what is in  the discretionary appropriated part of this bill.   Let me just tell you, more than 75 percent of it--$186 billion of the  total--will go to State and local governments to help them get over the  hump in this terrible crisis.   I have been contacted by officials from State and local governments,  and I told them that this bill has $186 billion to help them get  through this crisis. I thought I was going to be able to tell them that  this would be enacted in the next day or two. Unfortunately, I was a  little overly optimistic on that. There is $186 billion for State and  local governments; $75 billion for hospitals--clearly they need it--$20  billion for the Veterans Administration; $11 billion for vaccines,  therapeutic, diagnostics, and other preparedness needs.   If there are larger needs, come and tell us that, and we will work  with people. This is a generous bill--$4.5 billion for the Centers for  Disease Control, $1.7 billion for the Strategic National Stockpile, $12  billion to assist the military in addressing this coronavirus, $12  million for K-12 education, $6 billion for higher education, $5 billion  for FEMA disaster relief funds. There is $10 billion in it for  airports--my colleagues have heard from airports--and $20 billion for  public transportation.   This is an injection of appropriated money to keep this economy going  until this virus subsides. It is an injection of loan money through  some large businesses and an opportunity, also, for the Federal Reserve  within their discretion, under a program that has been established for  decades and decades, to loan money not only to big companies but  medium-sized companies and small companies under a Federal Reserve  program, commonly known as section 13, subparagraph 3.   I will say to my colleagues: Before we come down here and make  inaccurate statements, read the bill and understand what we are doing.  Understand that this is to get money to workers who need to stay on the  job. This is a bill to get unemployment benefits to workers who are  already off the job and an injection of cash into our economy and a  prop-up on a loan basis with interest to be repaid to keep the airlines  and related business float.   I hope we pass it. I know Americans are hoping and praying for this  tonight. Perhaps by the early light of morning, we will have good news  on this.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   