 Madam Speaker, election security is an issue  essential to our democracy, and I am glad to see the House taking up  legislation today to address it in a bipartisan manner.   My colleague, Representative Sherrill, and I have been working  together on this issue since being sworn in, and I am glad to join her,  as well as Chairwoman Johnson and Ranking Member Lucas, in supporting  H.R. 4990, the Election Technology Research Act.   This legislation would modernize and secure U.S. voting systems by  authorizing NIST and the National Science Foundation to conduct  research on ways to improve and secure voting systems. Importantly, any  standards recommended by NIST under this act are voluntary, and  adoption of the standards remain in the purview of the Election  Assistance Commission.   H.R. 4990 also provides grant funding to establish a center of  excellence in election systems to promote the research and  modernization of election practices. A stated purpose of this center  will be to foster collaboration between universities, nonprofits,  private organizations, and State and local election officials.  Encouraging communication and collaboration between these groups is  vital to make sure the voices of States and local election officials  are heard.   The Election Research Technology Act also amends the Help America  Vote Act to update the definition of voting systems to match modern  technology encompassing electronic poll books and voter registration  databases. There is bipartisan consensus that an update of the  definition is necessary to reflect the modern election technology used  by States today.   With new threats facing our electoral systems, it is imperative that  we continue to update our election laws and improve our election  security by passing bipartisan election security legislation.    Madam Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Johnson, Ranking Member Lucas, and  the Science, Space, and Technology staff for their hard work on this  legislation, and also Ohio Secretary of State Frank LaRose's office for  their input throughout the process.  [[Page H4471]]    Madam Speaker, I also want to thank my friend, Ranking Member Davis,  for his dedicated work on election issues. I look forward to continuing  working with him to ensure the administration of our elections are safe  and secure.   The Election Technology Research Act will update Federal laws to  reflect today's technology, encourage basic research and innovation on  the State and local level to secure our election systems, and  streamline collaboration between private and public stakeholders.   This bill is a simple, bipartisan piece of legislation that will take  a step forward in improving our election security. I urge my colleagues  to vote in support of H.R. 4990.   