 Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman Doyle and Ranking Member  Latta, as well as Representative Flores, for all of their work and the  work of the Energy and Commerce Committee.   It is essential that the United States be at the forefront of the  deployment and development of 5G technologies. 5G is the infrastructure  that will allow our country to be the leader in the 21st century  economy.   There is fundamental importance of internet connectivity across the  country for both metropolitan and rural areas, highlighting both cities  and rural areas, and this is a need that telecom technology must be  developed in a practical but secure way. In a district like mine, we  have urban, suburban, and rural, so we look out for all of these  different areas.   The equipment and services in U.S. communications networks provide  critical infrastructure for 5G deployment, making them appealing  targets for foreign adversaries. For these companies in particular,  experts have noted that China has ``the means, opportunity, and motive  to use telecommunications companies for malicious purposes.''   We have seen this problem in Chinese telecom chips made by companies  like Huawei and other supply chain security issues that have been  making news as of late.   We started local efforts in Florida's Ninth Congressional District,  along with the University of Central Florida and others, to produce  components that are tamper-resistant sensors developed at national  foundries, like the BRIDG facility in central Florida. But we must do  more.   For these reasons, I am proud to be the Democratic colead on H. Res.  575. This resolution provides a sense of the House of Representatives  that developers of 5G technologies abide by wireless technology  recommendations made at the Prague 5G Security Conference.   Some of these Prague Proposals include communications networks and  services be designed with resilience and security in mind, and every  country is free, in accordance with international law, to have security  requirements.    Policies governing 5G deployment should be guided by  principles of transparency and equitability. Stakeholders should  conduct regular vulnerability assessments and risk mitigation of  products. And customers must be able to be informed about the origin of  components in software that affect the security level of the products  they use.   Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman Doyle, Mr. Flores, Mr. Latta, and  others for their great work, and I urge everyone to support H. Res.  575.   