 Mr. President, I rise today to speak about the  impeachment of Donald J. Trump.   The Democratic House managers, who are prosecuting the case against  the President, emphasized that history is watching. That is true. Every  action taken by the House and the Senate during this impeachment sets a  precedent for our country and our institutions of government, whether  good or bad.   For that reason, it is our job as Senators to look at the entire  record of this proceeding--from what happened in the House to final  arguments made here in the Senate. It is also our duty to look at the  whole picture, the flawed process in the House, the purely partisan  nature of the articles of impeachment, the President's actions that led  to his impeachment, and the impact of all of this on our constitutional  norms.   Most importantly, we must weigh the impact on our Nation and on the  legitimacy of our institutions of government, if the Senate were to  agree with the House managers' demands to overturn the 2016 election  and remove the President from the 2020 ballot. This has never happened  in our country's 243-year history.   It is also our job as Senators during an impeachment trial to be  guided by ``a deep responsibility to future times.'' This is a quote  from U.S. Supreme Court Justice Joseph Story, two centuries ago, but it  couldn't be more relevant today. With this grave constitutional  responsibility in mind, and considering the important factors listed  above, I will vote to acquit the President on both charges brought  against him.   It may surprise some, but if you listened to all the witnesses in  this trial and you examine the sweep of American history, one strong  bipartisan point of consensus has emerged: Purely partisan impeachments  are not in the country's best interest. In fact, they are a danger  which the Framers of the Constitution clearly feared.   Alexander Hamilton's warning from Federalist No. 65 bears repeating:  ``In many cases [impeachment] will connect itself with the pre-existing  factions, and will inlist all their animosities, partialities,  influence, and interest on one side or on the other; and in such cases  there will always be the greatest danger that the decision will be  regulated more by the comparative strength of parties, than by the real  demonstrations of innocence or guilt . . . Yet it ought not to be  forgotten that the demon of faction will, at certain seasons, extend  his sceptre over all numerous bodies of men.''   The reason for this ``greatest danger'' is obvious: the weaponization  of impeachment as a regular tool of partisan warfare will incapacitate  our government, undermine the legitimacy of our institutions, and tear  the country apart. Until this impeachment, our country's  representatives largely understood this. During the Clinton  impeachment--Democrats, including Minority Leader Schumer and House  Managers Lofgren and Nadler, argued that a purely partisan impeachment  would be ``divisive,'' ``lack the legitimacy of a national consensus,''  and  [[Page S933]]  ``call into question the very legitimacy of our political  institutions.''   Less than a year ago, Speaker Pelosi said: ``Impeachment is so  divisive to the country that unless there's something so compelling and  overwhelming and bipartisan, I don't think we should go down that path  because it divides the country.''   Yet here we are. Against the weight of bipartisan consensus and the  wisdom of the Framers, the House still took this dramatic and  consequential step, the first purely partisan impeachment in U.S.  history. Only Democrats in the House voted to impeach the President,  while a bipartisan group of House members opposed.   This was done through rushed House proceedings that lacked the most  basic due process procedures afforded Presidents Clinton and Nixon  during their impeachment investigations. A significant portion of the  House proceedings last fall took place in secret, where the President  was not afforded counsel, the ability to call his own witnesses, or  cross-examine those of the House Democrats. Certain testimonies from  these secret hearings were then selectively leaked to a pro-impeachment  press. This happened in America. In my view, it sounds like something  more worthy of the Soviet Union, not the world's greatest  constitutional republic.   Yet here we are. A new precedent has been set in the House. When  asked several times if these precedents and the partisan nature of this  impeachment should concern us, the House managers dodged the questions,  and my Senate colleagues, who in 1999 were so strongly and correctly  and vocally against the dangers of purely partisan impeachments, have  all gone silent.   Perhaps it is too late. Perhaps the genie is now out of the bottle.  Perhaps the danger that Hamilton so astutely predicted 232 years ago is  upon us for good. I hope not. No one thinks that partisan impeachments  every few years would be good for our great Nation.   The Senate does not have to validate this House precedent, and a  Senate focused on ``deep responsibility to future times'' shouldn't do  so.   In addition to unleashing the danger of purely partisan impeachments,  the House's impeachment action and their arguments before the Senate,  if ratified, have the potential to undermine other critical  constitutional norms, such as the separation of powers and the  independence of our judiciary.   These traditions exist to implement the will of the people we  represent and to protect their liberty. And yet so much of what has  already been done in the House and what has now been argued in the  Senate has little or no precedent in U.S. history, thereby threatening  many of the constitutional safeguards that have served our country so  well for over two centuries.   Take, for example, the debate we recently had on whether to have the  Senate seek additional evidence for this impeachment trial. The House  Managers claim that, by not doing so, we are undermining a ``fair  trial'' in the Senate. The irony of such a claim should not be lost on  the American people.   Throughout this trial, and in their briefs, the House managers have  claimed dozens of times that they have ``overwhelming evidence'' on the  current record to impeach the President, thereby undermining their own  rationale for more evidence.   And in terms of fairness, it is well documented that the Democratic  leadership in the House just conducted the most rushed, partisan, and  fundamentally unfair House impeachment proceedings in U.S. history.   A Senate vote to pursue additional evidence and witnesses would have  turned the article I constitutional impeachment responsibilities of the  House and Senate on their heads. It would have required the Senate to  do the House's impeachment investigatory work, even when the House  affirmatively declined to seek additional evidence last fall, such as  subpoenaing Ambassador John Bolton, because of Speaker Pelosi's  artificial deadline to impeach the President by Christmas.   A vote by the Senate to pursue additional evidence that the House  consciously chose not to obtain would incentivize less thorough and  more frequent partisan impeachments in the future, a danger that should  concern us all.   Another example of the House's attempt to erode long-standing  constitutional norms is found in its second Article of Impeachment,  obstruction of Congress. This article claims that the President  committed an impeachable offence by resisting House subpoenas for  witnesses and documents, even though the House didn't attempt to  negotiate, accommodate, or litigate the President's asserted defenses,  such as executive privilege and immunity, to provide such evidence.   These defenses have been utilized by administrations, Democrat and  Republican, for decades and go to the heart of the separation of powers  within the article I and article II branches of the Federal Government  and even implicate a defendant's right to vigorously defend oneself in  court. Indeed, the Supreme Court acknowledged in United States v. Nixon  that the President has the right to assert executive privilege.   Nevertheless, the House managers argued that the mere assertion of  these constitutional rights is an impeachable offense, in essence  claiming the unilateral power to define the limits and scope of  executive privilege, while simultaneously usurping that power from the  courts, where it has existed for centuries.   Indeed, the House managers even argued that merely asserting these  defenses is evidence of guilt itself. This is a dangerous argument that  demonstrates a lack of understanding of basic constitutional norms. As  U.S. Supreme Court Justice Brandeis stated in his famous dissent in  Myers v. United States, ``The doctrine of the separation of powers was  adopted by the convention of 1787 not to promote efficiency but to  preclude the exercise of arbitrary power. The purpose was not to avoid  friction, but, by means of the inevitable friction incident to the  distribution of the governmental powers among three departments, to  save the people from autocracy.'' If allowed to stand by the Senate,  the implications of these House precedents for our Nation and the  individual liberties of the people we represent are difficult to  discern, but would be profound and likely very negative.   Similarly concerning were the attempts, both subtle and not so  subtle, to inject Chief Justice Roberts of the U.S. Supreme Court into  this trial. The smooth siren song of House Manager Schiff, casually  inviting the Senate and Chief Justice into a constitutional labyrinth  for which there may have been no exit, was a recurring theme of this  trial.   ``We have a perfectly good judge here,'' Schiff said over and over  again, ``whom you all trust and have confidence in.'' Let him quickly  decide all the weighty legal and constitutional issues before the  Senate, the relevance of witnesses, claims of immunity and executive  privilege, what House Manager Nadler described on day 1 of the trial as  ``executive privilege, and other nonsense.''   Moreover, the Chief Justice could do this all within a week, Schiff  told us. It all seemed so simple, rational, and efficient. But our  Constitution doesn't work this way. The Chief Justice, in an  impeachment of the President, sits as the Presiding Officer over the  Senate, not as an article III judge. And while the Senate can delegate  certain trial powers to him, it cannot delegate matters, such as a  President's claims of executive privilege, over which the Senate itself  does not have constitutional authority.   The quick and efficient fix Schiff was tempting the Senate with might  have ended up as a form of constitutional demolition. And as the trial  proceeded, it became apparent that it was more than just claims of  efficiency behind the invitation to draw the Chief Justice fully into  the trial.   There was something else afoot, a subtle and not so subtle attempt by  some to attack the credibility and independence of the Chief Justice  and the Court he leads. The junior Senator from Massachusetts' question  for the House managers, which drew an audible gasp from those watching  in the Senate after the Chief Justice read it, made this clear, when  she asked about ``the loss of legitimacy of the Chief Justice, the  Supreme Court, and the Constitution,'' so too did Minority Leader  Schumer's parliamentary inquiry about the precedent from the  impeachment of President Johnson 150 years ago, on the role of the  Chief Justice in breaking ties on 50-50 votes in  [[Page S934]]  the Senate during Presidential impeachments. Chief Justice Roberts'  cogent, historically accurate, and constitutionally, based answer to  this inquiry will set an important precedent on this impeachment issue  for generations to come.   Perhaps it is all a coincidence, but as these attempts to diminish  the Chief Justice's credibility by more fully dragging him into this  impeachment trial were ongoing, much more harsh political ads directly  attacking him in this regard were being launched across the country.  Members of the Senate noticed, and we were not impressed.   The independence of the Federal judiciary as established in our  Constitution is a gift to our Nation that has taken centuries to  develop. The overreach of the House managers and certain Democratic  Senators seeking to undermine this essential constitutional norm was a  disappointing and even dangerous aspect of this impeachment trial.   When historians someday write about this divisive period of American  history, they would do well to focus on these subtle and not so subtle  attacks on the Chief Justice's credibility--and by extension the  credibility of the Supreme Court--for it was clearly one of the  important reasons why the Senate voted last week, 51 to 49, to no  longer prolong the trial phase of this impeachment.   The impeachment articles do not charge the President with a crime.  Although there was much debate in the trial on whether this is  required, it is undisputed that in all previous presidential  impeachments--Johnson, Nixon, and Clinton--the President was charged  with having violated a criminal statute. And there was little dispute  that these charges were accurate. Lowering the bar to non-criminal  offenses has set a new precedent. However, whether a crime is required  is still debatable. Instead, the House impeachment charged the  President with an abuse of power based on speculative interpretation of  his intent.   So what about the President's actions that were the primary focus of  this impeachment trial and the basis of the House's first Article of  Impeachment claim that he abused his power? The House managers argued  that the President abused his power by taking actions that on their  face appeared valid--withholding aid to a foreign country and  investigating corruption--but were motivated by ``corrupt intent.''   One significant problem with this argument is that it is vague and  hinges on deciphering the President's intent and motives, a difficult  feat because it is subjective and could be--and was indeed in this  case--defined by a partisan House. Further, the House managers argue  essentially that there could be no legitimate national interest in  pursuing investigations into interference of the U.S. 2016 elections by  Ukraine and corruption involving Burisma.   I believe all Presidents have the right to investigate interference  in U.S. elections and credible claims of corruption and conflicts of  interest, particularly in countries where America sends significant  amounts of foreign aid, like Ukraine, and where corruption is endemic,  like Ukraine.   Were the President's actions perfect? No. For example, despite having  the authority to investigate corruption in Ukraine and with Burisma, I  believe he should have requested such an investigation through more  official and robust channels, such as pursuing cooperation through the  U.S. Mutual Legal Assistance Treaty with Ukraine, with the Department  of Justice in the lead. I also believe that the role of Mr. Giuliani  has caused confusion and may have undermined the Trump administration's  broader foreign policy goals with regard to Ukraine.   But none of this even remotely rises to the level of an offense that  merits removing the President from office. It is difficult to imagine a  situation requiring a higher burden of proof. The radical and dangerous  step that the House Democrats are proposing seems to have been lost in  all of the noise.   What they are asking the Senate to do is not just overturn the  results of the 2016 election--nullifying the votes of millions of  Americans--but to remove the President from the 2020 ballot, even as  primary voting has begun across the country.   Such a step, if ever realized, would do infinitely more damage to the  legitimacy of our constitutional republic and political system than any  mistake or error of judgment President Trump may have made.   An impeachment trial is supposed to be the last resort to protect the  American people against the highest crimes that undermine and threaten  the foundations of our Republic, not to get rid of a President because  a faction of one political party disagrees with the way he governs.  That is what elections are for.   I trust the Alaskan and American people, not House Democrats, with  the monumental decision of choosing who should lead our Nation.   And soon, they will decide, again, who should lead our Nation. In  churches, libraries, and school cafeterias, the people all across the  country will vote for who they want to represent them.   And I am convinced that the American people will make their choices  wisely.   Let me conclude by saying a few words about where we should go from  here.   Right before this impeachment trial began, I was at an event in  Wasilla, AK, where many of Alaska's military veterans attended. A proud  veteran approached me with a simple but fervent request. ``Senator  Sullivan,'' he said, ``Protect our Constitution.''   So many of us, including me, have heard similar pleas over the past  few months from the people we represent, but there was something about  the way he said it, something in his eyes that truly got my attention.  I realized that something was fear. That man, a brave Alaskan who had  served in the military to protect our constitutional freedoms, was  afraid that the country he knows and he loves was at risk. And I have  to admit that I have had similar fears these past weeks.   But I look around me, on this floor, and I continue to see hope for  our Nation.   I see my colleagues on the other side of the aisle--my friends--who  are willing to work with me on so many issues to find solutions sorely  needed for the country.   And back home, I see my fellow Alaskans, some of them fearful, but  also so hungry to do their part to help heal the divides.   We should end this chapter, and we should take our cues from them,  the people whose spirit and character guides this great Nation. They  want us to protect our Constitution. They need us to work together to  do that and address America's challenges.   It's time to get back to the work Alaskans want the Congress to focus  on: growing our economy, improving our infrastructure, rebuilding our  military, cleaning up our oceans, lowering healthcare costs and drug  prices, opening markets for our fishermen, and taking care of our most  vulnerable in society like survivors of sexual assault and domestic  violence and those struggling with addiction.   That is what I am committed to do.   