 Mr. President, I came to this floor 3 weeks ago to talk  about the U.S. Supreme Court. I come today to revise and extend my  remarks.   There are now five Republican-appointed Justices on the Court.  Actually, Republicans have appointed 11 out of the last 15 Justices to  the bench, but is this the conservative Court we have worked for? More  to the point, is this a constitutionalist Court?   The only thing I can say for certain when looking at the results of  this last term, that in the words of the late Justice Scalia: ``The  Imperial Judiciary lives.''   This is a Court that freely rewrites congressional statutes, that has  protected the worst leftwing Presidents of earlier years, that in the  final week of its term, gave away half of the State of Oklahoma.   For those who consider themselves constitutional conservatives, these  decisions are a clarion call to wake up and to acknowledge what is  staring us in the face: Judicial imperialism is alive and well. It is  marching on undaunted.   For religious conservatives, these decisions are a call to action.  Now is the time for us to be heard, and we can begin with what we  expect of our nominees to the High Court, what we expect them to  understand, what we expect them to affirm.   That brings me to the case that propelled religious conservatives  into activism and politics in a new way over four decades ago--the case  that, for religious conservatives, made the Supreme Court the great  issue of the day: Roe v. Wade. I know that when it comes to the Supreme  Court, we are not supposed to talk about Roe. That is the open secret  on the right. It is certainly what religious conservatives have been  told for years: Don't mess up the Supreme Court nomination process by  raising Roe. It is imprudent. It is in poor taste. It will divide our  coalition.   No, we are supposed to stick to talking about process, about methods,  maybe throw in some talk about umpires, but do not talk about Roe.   Well, the truth is, Roe is the reason we have a legal conservative  movement to begin with. Roe is what propelled generations of religious  conservatives to vote for Republican Presidents and Republican Senators  and Republican politicians of every rank and station--all on the  promise to reverse this travesty of a decision, this moral and social  injustice that in 47 years has taken the lives of 61 million unborn--61  million.   Republicans have said: Vote for us. Vote for us, and we will undo  this wrong. We will return this issue to the people. Yet all these  years later--11 Republican-appointed Justices later--here we are. The  Nation is apparently no closer to the day when the Supreme Court will  renounce this outrage, renounce its imperial pretensions, and allow the  good and decent people of this Nation to debate and decide this matter  for ourselves.   So I say to my Republican colleagues: How long must this go on? How  many more elections must there be? How many more promises must be made?  How many more Justices must be appointed before we will expect of our  nominees what the voters already expect of us? How long before we ask  our nominees to the Supreme Court of the United States to recognize Roe  as the outrage that it is?   Let's just be frank. Roe is an illegitimate decision. It has no basis  in the Constitution--none. It has no basis in the law. None of the  Constitution's specific and enumerated guarantees of privacy even begin  to legitimize the taking of innocent human life; none are remotely on  point.   Even liberal scholars recognize this. Whole books are written about  what Roe v. Wade should have said. Roe marks the point at which the  modern Supreme Court decided that they would just impose their own  views--their own social and moral and legal views--on the Nation,  despite what the people want, despite what the Constitution says, no  matter how the laws are written.   In the words of the late constitutional scholar, John Hart Ely--who  was, I would point out, a political liberal--``Roe is not  constitutional law and it gives almost no sense of an obligation to try  to be.''   Roe is the very essence of judicial imperialism. It is a brazen power  grab by unelected Justices imposing their moral and social views on the  Nation, just like another group of Justices did in a case called Plessy  v. Ferguson, just like another group of Justices did before that in a  case called Dred Scott.   Yes, I do mean to compare Roe to those earlier cases because Dred  Scott and Plessy and Roe belong together. They are the worst  miscarriages of justice in our history--the worst judicial opinions of  all time. Dred Scott and Plessy and Roe are abusive, morally repugnant  decisions that wounded the soul of this Nation. They dishonored this  Nation's fundamental face in the dignity and worth of every person.   For these reasons, Roe is no secondary issue, something to be pushed  to the side in the nomination process. Roe is central. Roe is a window  into the constitutional world view of a would-be Justice. It is a  measure of their sense of what a Justice should be. Because if you  believe that Roe was rightly decided, then there just is no two ways  about it, you are a judicial imperialist. If you believe Roe was  rightly decided, you believe that unelected judges should have the  power to enact their social views, to promote their own social agenda,  regardless of what the Constitution says or what we the people have  expressed preference for, voted for, and enacted into law.   I would just add that it seems to be the case, inevitably, that when  Justices enact their views, they enact the views of a certain social  class. Oh, yes. The highly educated, managerial front row of American  society, the class of the faculty lounge and the C-suite, that is what  you get when judges govern America. That is not what the Constitution  calls for. That is not what the Constitution specifies. The  Constitution says that sovereignty rests with ``We the People''; that  it should be the people who are in charge. It is what the American  people want and have written in their fundamental law and in their  statutes that should carry the day.   The people have a right to run their own government. They have a  right to expect their views to prevail, to have their Constitution be  obeyed, and to expect that the Justices appointed to their Supreme  Court will abide by the Constitution's terms as we the people wrote  them.   That is why I say today: I will vote only for those Supreme Court  nominees who have explicitly acknowledged that Roe v. Wade was wrongly  decided the day it was decided. I say again: I will vote for those  nominees only and for those nominees alone. When I say ``explicitly  acknowledge,'' I mean on the record before they are nominated. I do not  want private assurances; I do not seek them. I do not want forecasts  about future votes or future behavior because, frankly, I wouldn't  believe them. I don't want promises of any sort. I want evidence that  Supreme Court nominees will obey the Constitution and the law. I want  to see in the record clear acknowledgement that any nominee understands  Roe to be the travesty that it is. If that record is not there, then I  will not support the nomination. I don't care who does the nominating.   Some will say that this is yesterday's battle; that we should just  accept Roe and move on; that today's Supreme Court is the best we could  possibly hope for, to which I say that every single life is worth  fighting for. I will not accept failure, and I will not accept defeat.  I take this stand because I believe it is what justice and fidelity to  the law requires in our time of me and of those who would exercise the  awesome power of judicial review entrusted to Justices in article III  of our Constitution.   I also believe it is what the Republican Party owes the millions of  Americans who have made this cause the reason for their vote for many  years--  [[Page S4622]]  these men and women of good will and faith who labor still day in and  day out, rejoicing in hope, patient in tribulation, working for that  time when justice will be done.   I yield the floor.   