 Madam Chair, I thank the gentlewoman from the Virgin  Islands (Ms. Plaskett) for yielding. I lament that, as Miss Gonzalez- Colon pointed out, she will not be able to vote on the final passage of  this bill.   I lament that Puerto Rico is not a State. If it were a State or if  the Virgin Islands were a State, they would have already been addressed  and helped, consistent with what we have done for States.   Madam Chair, history will remember this generation of Puerto Ricans  for their perseverance, their courage, and their strength. Having  endured two devastating hurricanes in 2017, they have had to cope with  their heartbreaking aftermath, characterized by the Trump  administration's failure to allocate resources properly, fairly,  effectively, and timely.   Now a series of powerful earthquakes have struck the island, causing  additional damage and, sadly, loss of life. We have heard reports that,  while much of the power transmission infrastructure that was rebuilt  stronger after the hurricanes were able to hold up, the aging power  plants they serve sustained substantial damage.   Madam Chair, I will remind my colleagues that the people of Puerto  Rico are our fellow American citizens. They are our brothers and our  sisters, our fellow Americans. Their well-being is our concern. Their  capacity to rebuild, and rebuild stronger, is our responsibility as the  representatives of the American people--of all the American people.  That is what we do after natural disasters: We help our fellow  Americans in need.   Madam Chair, I and several of my colleagues will be traveling to  Puerto Rico over the President's Day district work period next weekend.  We will be visiting communities in the south of the island that have  been hardest hit by the earthquakes. Many of the same communities are  still trying to rebuild from Irma and Maria.   I was there in 2017, in Puerto Rico, and in the Virgin Islands with  Representative Plaskett. I was there with the Republican leader, Mr.  McCarthy. We visited with families who lost their homes, who lost loved  ones, and who asked us to come back here to Washington and help.   We worked together, Republicans and Democrats, to pass emergency  funding and partnered on an effort to amend the Stafford Act to promote  resilience  [[Page H956]]  by ensuring that structures are built to 21st century standards.   Madam Chair, when I return to the island later this month, I want to  tell the people I meet that Congress has not and will not forget them,  that their brothers and sisters on the mainland are with them. I want  to tell them that we took action to provide the additional funding the  island needs to recover from this most recent disaster.   I want to tell them that the Congress came together to approve the  necessary funds to help communities on the island restore critical  infrastructure and rebuild schools and housing. I want to tell them  that we came through with assistance for repairing the energy grid and  making it more resilient.   I also want to be able to share with them that Congress made key tax  reforms to give low-income Puerto Ricans some help with childcare and  affordable housing as they rebuild, as we do for people here on the  mainland.   Madam Chair, that is why I am asking my colleagues to join me in  passing this bill and making all of those things possible. When I go  down to Puerto Rico in just over a week, I want to be able to tell the  people there that this House did its job.   Sadly, we have seen the administration's veto threat, which was  little more than a denigration of our fellow Americans, accusing Puerto  Ricans of corruption and being untrustworthy of receiving emergency  aid. Ironic that his administration would make such a charge. Shame on  them for making that allegation, and shame on them even more if they  veto disaster aid to Puerto Rico under such a spurious and hateful  belief.   House Democrats will continue to conduct oversight in order to ensure  that the administration does not continue to withhold critical,  congressionally appropriated disaster aid from the people of Puerto  Rico who need it to rebuild. The stronger they are, the stronger our  Nation will be.   Madam Chair, I want to thank the chairwoman of the Appropriations  Committee, Mrs. Lowey, as well as the chairman of the Ways and Means  Committee, Mr. Neal, along with members of their committees for their  hard work on this package.   Madam Chair, I want to thank Representatives Velazquez, Serrano,  Soto, Ocasio-Cortez, and, yes, Miss Gonzalez-Colon, as well, for  advocating for Puerto Ricans in Congress.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote  ``yes'' on this package. Keep faith with our fellow citizens wherever  they might live, in the East, in the West, in the South, or in Puerto  Rico, all Americans worthy of having confidence that we will stand with  them in hours of distress.    Vote ``yes.''   Miss GONZALEZ-COLON of Puerto Rico. I would like to claim the time in  opposition, and although I am claiming the time in opposition, I am in  favor of the amendment presented by Ms. Plaskett.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House  adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday next, when it shall  convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative  business.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the minority whip for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I will say that the House will meet at 12 p.m. for  morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business, with votes  postponed until 6:30 p.m. on Monday next.   On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning- hour debate and 12 p.m. for legislative business.   Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for  legislative business, with last votes of the week expected no later  than 3 p.m. We will consider several bills under suspension of the  rules. The complete list of suspensions will be announced by the close  of business today.   Mr. Speaker, the House will consider H.R. 2546, Protecting America's  Wilderness Act. This bill is a package of lands bill out of the  Committee on Natural Resources and would designate 1.3 million acres as  wilderness or potential wilderness areas, preserving these public lands  for the benefit of current and future generations.   In addition, Mr. Speaker, the House will consider H.J. Res. 79,  Removing the Deadline for the Ratification of the Equal Rights  Amendment. This bill would remove the deadline to ratify the ERA,  paving the way for it to be added to the Constitution and taking a  historic step forward for women's equality.   Mr. Speaker, I would add this is not an adoption of an assumption,  that, in fact, the 38 States who have ratified to date have not  ratified within the framework of the Constitution, and, therefore, that  amendment should in fact be judged to have been adopted.    Mr. Speaker, the answer to the gentleman's question is  yes. And indeed--as I think the gentleman probably knows--the leaders  of the relevant committees, Mr. Neal and Mr. DeFazio--Mr. Neal on the  funding side, Mr. DeFazio on the substantive side of the policy with  respect to infrastructure and transportation and other items that we  think need to be included in infrastructure.   We met with the President of the United States in April. Mr. Speaker,  I will tell the gentleman, it is probably the most positive meeting  that I have had with the President and that other members in the group  had. This was Democrats and then the Secretary of Transportation was  also there, Ms. Chao.   And we talked about our joint commitment to infrastructure  investment. We had suggested, as the President suggested during his  campaign, that our target be $1 trillion over 10 years. In other words,  a $100 billion a year, or on average, investment in infrastructure so  that we will not only create a lot of American jobs, but also assure  ourselves of being competitive with our competitors around the world in  the 21st century.    The President responded that he thought $1 trillion was too little  and suggested a $2 trillion investment, i.e., doubling the $100 billion  to $200 billion on average per year over 10 years. And we had  discussion about that. We indicated that we agreed with the President  that such an investment would be warranted, and productive and,  frankly, grow the economy and therefore be an investment and not simply  an expenditure.   Mr. Neal made the point, Mr. Speaker, that the President--if we would  give him some direction on what he could support in terms of funding  that investment. And I made the observation, I said to him, ``Mr.  President, neither in the Senate nor the House will Republicans or  Democrats support that big of an investment if you are not leading. To  which he responded to me, Mr. Whip, ``Steny, I agree with you.''   We then scheduled a meeting to be held--we thought--3 weeks, but it  was some 5 or 6 weeks later. And unfortunately, for whatever reason-- both sides have their thoughts as to why--the President came to the  meeting and said he was not prepared to meet. And we have not had that  meeting since.   But I will emphatically say to the gentleman, we want to work on  infrastructure. We think it is critically important. The President said  during the campaign he thought it was critically important. I think  your side, both here and on the Senate side, believes infrastructure is  important.   So certainly, as I said, yes, we want to see if we could work  together to adopt a significant infrastructure package, which we think  would be good for the country.   Secondly, let me say that the President also mentioned two other  things--one of which was prescription drugs. We had passed a  prescription drug bill, H.R. 3. The President sent down a message that  he would veto it if it were passed as it was.   What I would suggest, following the regular order, the Senate ought  to take it up, change it, amend it--do whatever they feel is  appropriate to do--pass it, if they can, and then let us have a  conference. Because we have all said that we want to bring down the  prescription drug prices.   In fact, the President says he wants to negotiate. We included in  H.R. 3 negotiation. The President said he wanted to key prices to our  global competitors. In particular, we put six large nations, which are  similar to ours, including Australia, Great Britain, Germany, Canada,  France--and one other  [[Page H964]]  nation--in that calculation. And that we would, in our bill, cap the  prices at 120 percent of the average price across those six nations.  That was something the President wanted to do.   And he responded to a question about negotiation, saying ``I want to  negotiate like crazy.'' He is a businessman. He is a realtor. He knows  a lot about negotiation and price. And so I think we have component  parts in common.   And my suggestion would be, again, that they take up H.R. 3, which is  the prescription drug bill, do what the Senate's will is to do, that we  go to conference, and that we discuss differences, harmonize the bills,  and pass a bill and send it to the President.   So there is certainly, in my experience of a long time here, that is  the way we should get that done. I think that would be positive for the  country and I think we could reach consensus, hopefully from the  administration, from your party, my party, and pass those two bills to  the benefit of the American people.   The last thing I would discuss is the President said he was against  preexisting conditions being precluded from getting insurance. We share  that view. We have passed a bill over to the Senate that affects that  end. The Senate could take that bill up. Again, work on it, do whatever  the will of the Senate is to do, go to conference. And assuming that we  follow the President's stricture of wanting to ensure that preexisting  conditions do not prohibit anybody from getting insurance, we could  pass that bill.   So my response is that we pass three bills--or two bills and then  infrastructure, which were four--and those are positive items we can  work on, and we are prepared to do so.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comment.   First, let me talk about the prescription drug bill. We did pass a  bill that was a compilation of six bills that had five Republican  supporters when we voted on it. So there was a bipartisan bill.   Let me suggest we ought not to dismiss however the Senate operates,  the way the regular order operates is we pass a bill. Yes, we are in  charge, and, like you, we pass bills that we think are important. When  you were in the majority, you did the same thing. Some had Democratic  votes, some did not. But the Senate had an opportunity to send us back  bills.   We have 275 bills that we have done. We think they are all on  substantive matters that deal with items that are good for the people,  for the American people, and the Senate has not acted on them.   The way the system ought to work is we send our ideas over there; if  they have different ideas, they send them back to us, and we go to  conference and resolve it. I agree with the gentleman, that is what we  ought to do, and I am hopeful that we could do that.   But the bill that we did pass, as I say, was a compilation of seven  bills and had five Republicans. But, as you do, five Republicans makes  it a bipartisan piece of legislation, and the Senate could send it back  with something we don't agree on and try to resolve it because we want  to reach that end.   The other bill the gentleman talks about, H.R. 3, the bill that we  brought out had improvements to the ACA to make it work for the  American people.   Your side, of course, wants to repeal the Affordable Care Act. Our  side differs and believes that, in fact, millions of people, not only  those who avail themselves of ACA--and, in the short term, it didn't  bring down premiums, but it is now starting to bring down premiums, as  we thought it would.   The constant assaults on the ACA by people who want to see it  repealed have obviously hurt that because it has undermined certainty,  which means that the insurers are not certain what the rules are going  to be, and, therefore, our view is the premiums are still inflated.   But, again, I would urge the whip to talk to Mr. McConnell and say:  Look, we have a lot of bills over there. Pass your version of the bill,  send it back and let us work on it, and let's see if we can get to an  agreement.    That is how we have done for hundreds of years, and that is the way  we ought to continue to do it.   I realize that Mr. McConnell, as any majority leader the Senate has,  has challenges in doing that; and what I think, frankly, he does not  want to do is get to a bipartisan agreement which will allow passage  through the Senate.   We don't have that here, as you know. Your side could pass bills on a  partisan basis when you were in charge; we can do the same.   As I say, we had five Republicans agree with us on the bill to which  you referred, but I would hope you would urge Senator McConnell to pass  our bills.   Senator Braun from Indiana was on TV with Chuck Todd on ``Face the  Nation'' talking about impeachment. He said: Let's get through this  impeachment and get to the people's business.   I think that was a reasonable proposition. The problem is the Senate  is not getting to the people's business. They are not passing their own  bills, and they are not passing our bills. In fact, they are spending  all their time confirming judges.   We think that has a purpose of making sure that, for the long term,  whether they are in the majority or not, they will have an influence on  what happens in the United States. I understand that political  motivation, but it is impeding us doing the people's business.   Mr. Speaker, Mr. Scalise and I try to work together. I would hope  that the Senate would work together so that they could send us back  bills of their choice, we can go to conference, and we can make things  happen.   This House, last year, passed over 400 pieces of legislation. I don't  have the exact number that the Senate has passed of significant bills  as opposed to naming post offices or something like that, but it is in  the tens, not the hundreds.    I would simply say, if we reach a consensus in the  Congress--we are a coequal, separate branch of government--and whether  Obama was President or whether Mr. Trump is President, I am for the  Congress acting on that which it agrees.   Is it helpful to have agreement with the President? It is. But if we  can't reach agreement with the President, our responsibility as a  Congress, the Senate and the House, is to move policies that we believe  are advantageous for the people.   If the President disagrees, then we have the option of overriding  that veto. It is doubtful that we would do that, I understand. But that  is the process that I think is most productive and most expected by the  American people.   I would again reiterate, on the bill that you keep saying could have  unanimous support, in my opinion, what it would not have in terms of  healthcare is support for doing what we so fervently believe needs to  be done, and that is to make sure the ACA works as it was intended to  do.   If there is an alternative, we should consider that. But, very  frankly, neither the President nor your side of the aisle has had  agreement on an alternative.   Senator McCain, as you know, was the deciding Republican vote on the  last health bill that you sent to the Senate, and you sent that when  you were in the majority. It didn't pass, notwithstanding the fact that  you also had the majority in the Senate.   Two weeks after you had the celebration at the White House, I was  astounded to hear that the President effectively called that a mean  bill.   So we do have substantial disagreements. That does not mean that,  given  [[Page H966]]  the fact that we have a Democratic House, that is, that we are in the  majority, and a Republican Senate with the Republicans in the  majority--now, I understand the gentleman's concern that it is  necessary to get bipartisan agreement in the Senate in order to get  that 60-vote threshold. And you and I may agree on the 60-vote  threshold of getting bills on the floor. It is one thing to pass  something or not.    But, in any event, I would urge the gentleman to urge Mr. McConnell  to pass their prescription bill. And if it is what you say and it can  be done unanimously, send it over here and we will have a conference.  Because both of us have articulated that we are for making sure that  prescription drug costs do not price people out of being healthy. So I  would urge you to do that.    Mr. Speaker, starting a State of the Union with a shout of  ``four more years'' reminds me more of a rally than a State of the  Union.   Clearly, neither the Speaker, nor any of us in any way diminished  people that he introduced; some of whom I severely disagree with and  thought that the actions taken with respect to that individual were  totally inappropriate in a State of the Union because it served further  to divide and to undermine any ability to work together.   Having said that, ``four more years'' was disrespectful to this  institution.   The recitation in the gentleman's resolution of the honoring of  individuals he just reflected had nothing to do with the State of the  Union, but had everything to do with honoring people who had done great  things, experienced great hardship, who ought to be empathized with; no  one was saying those were a lie.   One can interpret the speech for what each believed it was and can  say something about it and reflect to the American people what they  think of the substance of the representation of the State of the Union.   It had nothing to do with the people who were honored, whether we  agreed with them being honored or not. Certainly, I agreed with almost  every one of them, save one.    Mr. Speaker, none of those individuals should take  anything that was done personally. In fact, almost every one of those  individuals was honored by people on this side of the aisle and that  side of the aisle acknowledging them and honoring them with appropriate  action.   