 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I cried tears of joy a few minutes ago  when I heard the decision of the Supreme Court on DACA. These wonderful  DACA kids and their families have a huge burden lifted off their  shoulders. They don't have to worry about being deported. They can do  their jobs, and I believe--I do believe this--someday, someday soon,  they will be American citizens.   I have met so many of these beautiful children and their families.  Now, many have grown up. They came to America as little kids, and all  they want to be is Americans. They worked hard. I met some of them  during the COVID crisis in New York risking their lives to deal with  the healthcare crisis we had. I have seen them enlist in the Armed  Forces and go to college, some of our best colleges and law schools,  and climb that American ladder that has been around for so many years  and some people want to rip away.   So this is a wonderful, wonderful day for the DACA kids, for their  families, and for the American Dream.   We have always believed in immigration in America. We have had some  dark forces oppose it in recent years, but we believe in it. It is part  of our soul. Every one of us cares about immigrants, and so many of us  are descendants of immigrants. Wow, what a decision.   Let me say this: In these very difficult times, the Supreme Court  provided a bright ray of sunshine this week with the decision on Monday  preventing discrimination in employment against the LGBTQ community and  now with this DACA decision. Frankly, to me, the Court's decision was  surprising but welcome. It gives you some faith that the laws and rules  and mores of this country can be upheld. Wow, the decision is amazing.  I am so happy for these kids and their families. I feel for them, and I  think all of America does. Again, I cannot--who would have thought the  Supreme Court would have so many good decisions in one week? Who would  have thought it? Wow.    2000.   He has been passionate and unrelenting in fighting for the DACA kids  and their families. He talks about it in our caucus every week. He did  just this past week.   Now, while our work is still not done, we must all work so that these  kids can eventually become American citizens. At least they are free-- free at last--and, in good part, that is because of the work of the  senior Senator from Illinois, who met them, got to know them and love  them, and took his amazing legislative acumen to help them.   I believe, in part, that the decision across the street occurred  because of Senator Durbin's effective and unrelenting passionate  advocacy for the DACA kids   I yield the floor to my dear friend and a happy man this morning, the  senior Senator from Illinois.    Dick, the thanks goes to you. The thanks goes to you.    Madam President, first I want to thank my dear friend,  the Senator from New Jersey.   Our caucus and the American people are lucky to have him as such a  champion, not only for this proposal but for all of his work in recent  years on legislation related to police reform, racial justice, and so  many other issues.   In a moment, my friend will ask to pass a bill that will do something  very simple and, indeed, long overdue: It will remove the statues here  in the Capitol of men who would rend this country apart by war in order  to strengthen, perpetuate, and extend the vile institution of slavery.   There is a movement in America right now that demands we confront the  poison of racism in our country. We must do this in many ways, both  substantive and symbolic. This bill is just one of many steps we must  take to acknowledge the painful history of America's original sin-- slavery--and to clarify for all generations that the men who defended  it shall hold no place of honor in our Nation's history books.   States and localities are removing Confederate statues in their  public parks and municipal buildings. NASCAR has banned the Confederate  flag at its events. We will soon debate renaming military installations  after Confederate generals. Why should the Capitol, of all places--a  symbol of the Union, a place where every American is supposed to have  representation--continue to venerate such ignoble figures?   Opponents of the bill will say that removing these statues is akin to  forgetting or trying to erase history. No, it is not. Remembering  history is a lot different than celebrating it.   We teach history in our schools and universities and museums. No  doubt, the Civil War will continue to merit study, but statues and  memorials are symbols of honor, and we need not reserve them for men  who represent such a dishonorable cause.   Leader McConnell has ducked this issue and has said that the States  should continue to decide who to send to the Capitol. Candidly, I don't  think it would be too imposing to ask our States not to send statues of  people who actively fought against this country. You know, there is a  reason that Connecticut doesn't send a statue of Benedict Arnold to the  Capitol.   We have a lot of work to do to unwind centuries of racial injustice  embedded in our laws and in our institutions. One of the simplest  things we could do is to haul out the statues of a few old racists who  represent the very antithesis of the building in which we now stand and  the ideals we struggle to live up to. This, my friends, is the easy  part.   Let us pass this bill today and send a message to the American people  that we are serious about dismantling institutional racism piece by  piece, brick by brick, statue by statue, starting with our own House-- the people's House--the Nation's Capitol Building.   I yield again to my colleague.   