 Mr. President, I would like to speak for a few moments  today about a Baton Rouge and Louisiana rock star. I am talking about  Baton Rouge's own Diane Deaton.   This week, Diane announced that she is going to retire from her post  as a weather forecaster at WAFB-TV, which we refer to as Channel 9,  where she has served on ``9News This Morning'' and on ``Early Edition''  for many years.   Diane is known--widely known--affectionately as Queen D. She has been  reporting the weather for the people of Louisiana, particularly  Southeast Louisiana, for 37 years--37 years--and all  [[Page S7300]]  at the same station. Over a WAFB career spanning, what, nearly four  decades, Diane has become a beloved fixture in our State and in our  State capital.   Her compassion has been on regular display--and not only in the way  that she has walked Louisianians through hurricanes and tornadoes.  Weather is important to us in Louisiana. Diane has invested in first  and second graders at Buchanan Elementary in East Baton Rouge Parish  through an extraordinary program called the Reading Friends program.  She has built new homes for families through Habitat for Humanity,  where she currently serves as a board member. Diane has been a part of  LSU Tiger HATS pet therapy program. That is a program where she and her  colleagues visit young patients and their families at one of our  leading hospitals, Our Lady of the Lake Children's Hospital.   Diane's awards are many. I won't list them all, but they include the  Louisiana Association of Broadcasters' Lifetime Achievement Award, the  Holly Reynolds Humanitarian of the Year Award--that was from the  Capital Area Animal Welfare Society--and the Ulli Goodman Volunteer of  the Year Award from the Baton Rouge Ballet Theater. I don't know how  she finds the time, but Diane is also certified as a Delta Society Pet  Partner for her work using therapy animals.   Yet I noticed that Diane's announcement was characteristically humble  as she steps away after 37 years. Here is what she said: ``I have never  taken for granted the honor and privilege you have given me over these  many years by choosing me and my colleagues here at WAFB-TV to keep you  and your family safe and informed.''   I think that the gratitude among Louisiana and Baton Rouge residents  is certainly mutual.   I am glad to hear that Diane will not be leaving our great State. I  want to emphasize that. She is going to retire in Louisiana, and I hope  she enjoys every moment--every single moment--she gets to sleep in  after December 18. No one can argue--no fair-minded person can argue-- that she hasn't earned a rest, even though her familiar weather  forecast will be sorely missed in a State that takes more than our fair  share of beatings from Mother Nature.   I thank you for the chance to honor Diane Deaton. I thank you for the  chance to honor Diane Deaton for all of her hard work on behalf of  everyone who relies on WAFB-TV for news and for everyone in Louisiana  and Baton Rouge whom her volunteer work has touched--and that numbers  in the hundreds of thousands.   Diane, may the years ahead bring as much joy to you as you have  brought to our State and our community. God bless you.   I yield the floor.   