 Mr. Speaker, on July 11, 2019, President Trump issued  Executive Order 13880 after the U.S. Supreme Court's decision denying  the citizenship question on the Census.   The Executive Order would have directed all government departments,  including the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to share any  information regarding citizenship that they have with the Department of  Commerce, which operates the Census Bureau.   It was clear that this order was another attempt to deny the rights  and privacy of undocumented immigrants, but we could not let the  Administration deter anyone from participating in the decennial census.  The census is critical for vital programs to receive federal funding,  but more importantly census data is critical for proper political  representation of our local community.   That is why I introduced my bill, H.R. 7291, that would nullify the  effect of Trump's Executive Order that requires Federal agencies to  share citizenship data. The executive order directing federal agencies  to compile citizenship data through administrative records and merge it  with decennial census data is a blatant effort to collect this  information for political and discriminatory purposes.   Recently, on July 21, 2020, President Trump issued a Presidential  Memorandum to exclude undocumented immigrants from being counted in  reapportionment for Congress.   The Constitution explicitly requires an ``actual Enumeration'' of all  persons, imposing on the federal government the duty to count the  ``whole number of persons in each State.'' In other words, each  person--regardless of citizenship status--must be counted. President  Trump's plan to prohibit undocumented immigrants from being counted in  the reapportionment of Congressional seats, violates the plain text of  both the Constitution and the governing statutes.   I submitted Horsford Amendment 23 to Division B of H.R. 7617 to block  this effort by nullifying the effect that of the Presidential Executive  Order that requires Federal Agencies to share citizenship data.  Although the President's memorandum and executive order are  unconstitutional, my amendment would send an important message to the  President and his administration that he cannot disenfranchise whole  communities in our Nation. This plan violates our Constitution and  governing statute. By moving forward with my amendment, Congress is  making it abundantly clear that the President lacks the authority to  exclude undocumented immigrants from being counted in reapportionment  for Congress.   Congress compels possesses the Constitutional authority to prevent  the President from excluding undocumented immigrants from the  apportionment count, and the determination by this body to move forward  with my provision will deter the President from wasting valuable public  time and resources on an unconstitutional action.   The contributions of immigrants are of vital importance to our  society and economy, particularly as immigrant communities play a  significant role as frontline workers during the COVID-19 pandemic. For  example, the American health care system relies very heavily on  individuals who were born in other countries, who make up about 18  percent of all health care workers in the country despite making up  15.5 percent of the population. Further, immigrants account for a third  of direct care workers, and legal noncitizen immigrants make up 9  percent of direct care workers despite accounting for only 5 percent of  the population.   In addition to caring for us when we are sick, immigrants feed us by  forming the backbone of our food system. An estimated 70 to 80 percent  of farmworkers are immigrants, between half and three quarters of whom  are undocumented. Finally, both documented and undocumented immigrants  pay billions of dollars in taxes to federal, state and local  governments every year. In 2017 alone, this accounted for $405.4  billion in taxes, including an estimated $27.2 billion paid by  undocumented immigrants.   Immigrants deserve not only to be recognized for these contributions,  but to be respected as human beings taking part in one of the most  integral traditions to the American way. For these reasons, we must  ensure that the President does not exclude Immigrants, who make up the  fabric of our nation.   