 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Arizona.   Mr. Speaker, I rise to support our First Amendment. I want to support  the ability of people to assemble peaceably, but I also want to address  the mobs that we have seen in our streets and, fundamentally, to defend  our police.    What is it that the mob wants? It is hard to answer. There is a  disparate set of views. Some have called them anarchists. They don't  really have anarchy in mind; they just don't agree on which leftwing  ideology they want to support. But they also are obeying their leaders.  They are doing what their leaders have sent them to do.   One of our House colleagues, in June of 2018, said: ``You get out and  you create a crowd. And you push back on them, and you tell them they  are not welcome anymore, anywhere.''   Isn't that exactly what the mob is doing? Little old ladies trying to  have a meal on a sidewalk here in our Nation's Capital have people  shouting at them--mob intimidation.   And it gets much worse, as my colleague, Mrs. Wagner, just  highlighted. Nine police officers shot just in St. Louis alone. We all  saw the horrific attacks in Los Angeles over the weekend--unprovoked,  unjustified, unjustifiable, indefensible, yet people defend them and  are reluctant to condemn them. This is what the mob is doing.   This is not the First Amendment. This is not the right of the people  to assemble peaceably. And our law enforcement protect that right. They  defend freedom. They protect and defend our communities. They do it  heroically with bravery every day and, so often, thanklessly.   We are right to give them thanks. They put their lives in harm's way.  And they call out their colleagues when they can when they break the  trust of their departments.   We do need to reform some laws. We do need to hold some individuals  accountable, but the idea that we can lay at the feet of all police  these charges that are made is abhorrent.   So we need to defend our police. We need to defend our First  Amendment freedoms to assemble peaceably, and we need to reject the  cries of the mobs.   