 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, 1 week ago today, a White police officer  in Minneapolis, MN, knelt on the neck of an African-American man named  George Floyd, pinning him to the ground for over 8 minutes as he pled  for his life. The officer callously refused to heed those calls,  standing up only after Mr. Floyd was unresponsive. Mr. Floyd was  pronounced dead shortly thereafter. It was 8 minutes--8 minutes--that  he was pinned there.   Today, 8 days later, our Nation is reeling. It is reeling over the  injustice and senselessness of George Floyd's death, reeling over the  memory of Ahmaud Arbery, Michael Brown, Breonna Taylor, Eric Garner,  and the unimaginable number of innocent lives that were taken in  similar circumstances. Our Nation is reeling from centuries of racial  injustice, a legacy as old as the Nation itself and one that haunts us  to this day.   It took two and a half centuries and the Civil War to finally end  slavery in America. It was 100 years more until the descendants of  those newly freed men and women could fully enjoy the rights of  citizenship. Even today, slavery is still with us. Its terrible legacy  and evil effects are felt in real and discernible ways every single  day.   When the French historian Alexis de Tocqueville visited America in  the 1830s, with amazing prescience he predicted that the United States  would become a great nation--the greatest in the world--even though at  the time we were a fledgling country, compared to the great powers of  Europe. But he also said that the one thing that could doom our Nation  was racism and racial prejudice. His words ring true today.   The racial disparities in our criminal justice system have been on  full display, but these disparities permeate not just the criminal  justice system but all of society. There are glaring racial disparities  in healthcare and housing, racial disparities in income and in wealth,  in the board room and at the ballot box, on our streets and in our  schools. These disparities have been with us a very long time, but  COVID has placed a magnifying glass on them. Perhaps most evident and  immediate, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to infect and kill African  Americans at a disproportionate rate. We are confronted by the all too  often fatal consequences of those disparities on a daily basis.   George Floyd's killing touched off justified protests and  demonstrations across the country, driven by Americans of every age,  color, and creed who were distressed and upset, frightened and angry by  the America they see and feel compelled to change. The overwhelmingly  peaceful protests do honor to the generations of Americans who stood up  and sat in and shouted at the top of their lungs in the urgent mission  to make America a more perfect union. The small minority who exploit  the moment for violence and mayhem are wrong and do not advance the  cause of justice.   I would note that while over 4,000 protesters have been arrested in  the last week, only 1 in 4 of the police officers involved in the  killing of George Floyd has been arrested. While that statistic does  not excuse the violence we have seen, it certainly helps to explain the  frustration and anger right now.   There is accountability when everyday citizens and protesters violate  the law, but that same accountability is far too often lacking when law  enforcement violates the law, and we have to fix that. We must work to  bring accountability to police departments so that bad actors are not  shielded from culpability and those many officers who do the job the  right way are incentivized and rewarded.   We must reform our laws and our police practices so that events like  George Floyd's killing are far less likely in the first place. There  are many examples of departments that have made strides at improving  community relations, transparency, and accountability, while reducing  unwarranted violence and racial bias. We need to build on those best  practices and get all of our police agencies to adopt them.   We must invest in services and programs necessary to deal with issues  unrelated to law enforcement, such as housing and mental health, rather  than asking police officers to be responsible for addressing all of our  society's challenges. There are many ways to address the broader  disparities in our society, the systemic racism, and the injustice that  follows America around like a shackle in our laws, in our customs, and  in too many of our hearts. We have to make progress on these issues  right now--not later, not next year, not after the next George Floyd  but right now.   Senate Democrats will be confronting and addressing all of these  issues this week, and many of my colleagues will prepare legislative  plans of action. We will listen to experts on these issues and our  constituents who face these challenges on a daily basis. Be sure of  this: We will propose and push for bold action.    Leader McConnell, however, will decide whether or not the Senate will  take any of that action. At the moment, he has reserved the floor of  the Senate for the confirmation of several rightwing judges, many of  whom will become part of the very problem we are now discussing: a  justice system that doesn't work for everyone, a biased system.   These are judges who were preselected specifically because of their  antipathy to voting rights and civil rights and criminal justice  balance and fairness. Time and again, the Republican majority has  confirmed judicial nominees who pledge loyalty to an ideological  doctrine that would exacerbate the very inequalities that have been  laid bare in recent weeks and months. Leader McConnell is doing that  this week, once again.   At this delicate time, the Senate should lead on these issues rather  than aggravate the problem. Leader McConnell should commit to put a law  enforcement reform bill on the floor of the Senate before July 4. There  shouldn't be hearings on President Trump's wild conspiracies about the  2016 election or a month of rightwing, anti-civil rights judicial  nominees. As the COVID pandemic continues to rage and Americans are  taking to the streets to express their anger at police violence and  racial injustice, the Republican majority in the Senate must focus on  the national crisis at our doorstep.   Today--just today--the CBO is expected to release an estimate of the  damage to our economy caused by the pandemic. If the current trends  continue, the CBO predicts a jaw-dropping $16 trillion reduction in  economic growth over the next decade--$16 trillion.   There are 40 million Americans currently unemployed. Where is the  urgency from Senate Republicans to address the economic catastrophe in  our country, a catastrophe that, like police violence, will  disproportionately affect African Americans and other Americans of  color?   We should address both these issues--COVID and police violence--this  month, not spend time on fringe conspiracy theories and not spend time  on putting rightwing judges who have shown no sympathy to civil rights  and racial justice and harmony on the floor of the Senate.   This is a moment that cries out for leadership, for compassion, for  sympathy, for understanding, for action, and for our leaders to bring  us together instead of letting events tear us apart. But the leader of  our country, the President of the United States, struggles--struggles-- to summon even an ounce of humanity in this time of turmoil.   The President has reacted to the pain and anger in the country by  playing politics and encouraging police to be tougher on protesters by  bragging about his reelection prospects and his personal safety inside  the White House. A Presidential tweet invoked a Miami  [[Page S2626]]  police chief, who, in 1967 encouraged shooting Black people during  riots. The President seems unable even to address the underlying issues  that the protests are about. He is unwilling--unwilling--even to speak  to the Nation about racial justice.   Unfortunately, none of this is remotely new with President Trump. A  few years ago, President Trump told law enforcement officers not to  worry about injuring suspects when arresting them. His administration  stopped investigating State and local police departments for racial  discrimination and repealed restrictions on police departments  obtaining military-style weapons. The President's policies have  worsened racial divisions in this country. His rhetoric has  consistently inflamed them.   Either the President is too afraid to lead or is simply incapable,  but all of us, right now, have to engage in the difficult work of  pulling this country together and then forward. We are a nation  exhausted and dispirited. In the midst of a once-in-a-generation  challenge, we have been reminded of a generation's-long struggle for  racial justice and equality. The only way--the only way--for us to move  forward is to do it together.   It is time for the large majority of police officers who do a very  difficult job the right way to be part of a reform effort, for our  national leaders in the Senate and the House to take up thorny issues  of prejudice and discrimination and begin changing the laws and  institutions that perpetuate it, and, yes, for the President to finally  start acting like the leader he is supposed to be and the Constitution  calls for.   We are all engaged in this project to not only recover from a public  health crisis and an economic disaster, but to build a society when  none of our citizens fear the men and women who are supposed to protect  them--a society where Americans of color can live and breathe and watch  birds in a park and walk home with a bag of Skittles without fearing  for their lives.   As millions of Americans take to the streets in peaceful and  righteous protest, I hope that this moment--one of pain and sorrow and  grief--can also be a watershed moment for action.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   