 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. Norton for her contributions  to this bill. I also want to extend my appreciation to Ranking Member  Graves, Chairwoman Titus, Subcommittee Ranking Member Katko, and  committee staff for advancing this important legislation.   Mr. Speaker, Aaron Davis with the committee has been particularly  helpful to my team, my staff, for the past year and a half to get this  bill over the line. I know it would have been very difficult without  his help and expertise.   Since Hurricanes Maria and Irma devastated the island of Puerto Rico  in the fall of 2017, I have visited the island several times, including  with some of my congressional colleagues. I have spoken about this with  the Congresswoman from Puerto Rico, Miss Gonzalez-Colon, who has  command of this issue.   I have seen firsthand how public policy failures, our failures, have  manifested on the island. The Housing Survivors of Major Disasters Act,  which I was proud to introduce with Congresswoman Gonzalez-Colon,  addresses some of these policy failures within the housing assistance  programs our government deploys after natural disasters.   Some of these programs' shortcomings have left thousands of Americans  in Puerto Rico without the means to rebuild their homes. Our bill aims  to fix this. Currently, folks applying for assistance must furnish the  deed of their home and/or notarized statements confirming the ownership  of their home.   Mr. Speaker, I vividly remember when Hurricane Sandy struck my home  State of New York. The last thing people were thinking about as they  sought cover was where to find pieces of paper. And I can attest to the  hurt of communities in Puerto Rico, Florida, and elsewhere, in the wake  of Hurricanes Maria and Irma were devastating.   How can we expect families to find their deeds through rubble,  destruction, and pain left by these storms?   I am equally stretched by the idea that in the most vulnerable time  and in the wake of destruction, the American Government is asking its  citizens to find a notary before they can receive help.   What is more, in places like Puerto Rico, thousands of individuals  have no formal documentation, properties and ownership is passed on  generation to generation, very often five and six generations. Given  all these challenges, we crafted this bipartisan legislation to remove  these barriers and establish new and more realistic standards for  natural disaster survivors applying for Federal housing assistance.   Along with Chairman DeFazio, Ranking Member Graves, my colleagues on  the Committee, and Congresswoman Gonzalez-Colon, I thank Senator  Elizabeth Warren, her staff, and the numerous advocates for their  tireless efforts in crafting and advancing this legislation over the  past 2 years, which is vital if we wish to make the people of Puerto  Rico whole again and avoid similar calamities in the future.    