 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the HEROES  Act. With $3 trillion in spending, there are plenty of giveaways for  liberal priorities, such as handouts for illegal immigrants and failed  pension systems, yet there is no funding for the defense industrial  base.   Today, as we debate these measures, adversaries around the world are  testing our ability to defend ourselves as we battle this virus and the  economic impact. But instead of shoring up our defense industrial base,  which is comprised of businesses in every one of our districts, the  majority ignores the clear and present danger of those who wish to  exploit this crisis.   China continues to secure its vision of regional dominance. Rather  than spending billions of dollars to keep people dependent on the  government, why not put them to work building more Virginia-class  submarines, Joint Strike Fighters, amphibious combat vehicles,  expeditionary sea bases, MQ-9 Reapers, satellites.   Let's accelerate the next generation of weapons systems, including  the Columbia-class submarines, the new frigate, the B-21 Long-Range  Stealth Bomber, the Army's Future Vertical Lift program.   The defense industrial base is comprised of hundreds of thousands of  companies, from the primes to the 10-person shops making nuts and  bolts. It is the small innovator that disrupts the system and provides  leap-ahead technology. It is a critical industry that is completely  ignored in the bill.   I am opposed to the bill for many reasons. It is a roadmap to an even  more authoritative Federal Government, a first step toward a socialist  system. But today I stand for the men and women of the United States  Armed Forces and the defense community that supports them. As the  beacon of freedom and democracy in the world, we must send a message  that will not allow for bad actors to take advantage, and we will  continue to be the world's superpower through our ability to project  force to any corner of the world.   This bill is a retreat from our values and our place in the world.  Americans don't want unlimited handouts and dependence; they want to  work, innovate, and succeed. I urge a ``no'' vote.   