 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, the Republican leader has called the  Senate back into session during a time when there are significant risks  to the health of the Members of this Chamber and the staff who make  this place function.   This is a time of national emergency. We should be working to provide  our country with the relief and support it so direly needs. But this is  only the second day of business since Leader McConnell called the  Senate back into session, and there will be no votes on the floor--not  one vote. And so far, there is no plan--no plan at all--to consider  COVID-related legislation on the floor in the near future.   If we are going to be here in session, with an elevated health risk,  why doesn't Leader McConnell have us work on issues that are directly  related to COVID-19?   Last night, we confirmed a noncontroversial nominee to the Nuclear  Regulatory Commission. The next nominee on the floor is for a  counterintelligence post--no doubt important but unrelated to COVID-- whose nomination has been delayed by a hold by a Republican Senator. So  when the Republican leader reasons that we must process nominees on the  floor this week because of a previous Democratic obstruction, he should  check his notes and his facts first.   We could be using our time here to address a number of urgent  priorities, whether it is rescuing our ailing health system, increasing  testing capacity, assisting small businesses, renters, and homeowners.  Providing vigorous oversight of legislation we have already passed  would have been a better use of the Senate's time.   Instead of coming together to work on these pressing matters, we are  talking about nominations and rightwing judges, including a former  protege of the Republican leader who was rated unqualified by the  American Bar Association, a man who argued against the  constitutionality of our healthcare law in the midst of a public health  crisis--someone who probably 80 percent or 90 percent of Americans  would reject if they knew his views. But he is a protege of the leader.  We are rushing him through. We are not paying attention to COVID.   The Senate Intelligence Committee is holding a virtual hearing on the  nomination of Representative Ratcliffe to serve as the next Director of  National Intelligence. This is an extremely important post that demands  a candidate with deep experience, credibility on both sides of the  aisle, and, above all, the ability to speak truth to power.   Representative Ratcliffe meets none of these criteria. He is a deeply  partisan cheerleader for the President, a yes-man in every sense of the  phrase--someone who doesn't speak truth to power to the President of  the United States. He tells the President what he wants to hear.   Doesn't this sound familiar? Right now, we are living with the  consequences of a President who doesn't want to hear the truth about  the coronavirus, who doesn't want to believe it is as bad as it truly  is, who wants to cling to quack medicines that will not work, and who  runs away from the fact that his administration bears responsibility  for the inadequacy of our national response--a President who still  doesn't have a testing plan when we desperately need tests to get this  country open again.   The President doesn't like hearing the truth. It is that simple. That  has hurt us dearly when it has come to the coronavirus. This crisis is  partly the  [[Page S2227]]  result of an administration that did not take COVID-19 seriously enough  early enough and refused to heed the warnings of public health  officials and scientists.   The same phenomenon of the President's not wanting to hear the truth  will hurt us dearly when it comes to national security as well. If the  Director of National Intelligence can't stand up and tell the President  what is really happening, even when the President doesn't want to hear  it, our country will be dramatically less safe--the same thing that has  happened during the coronavirus crisis. If we move Ratcliffe and pass  him, we will repeat the same mistake that the President has made on  COVID. Not hearing the truth, not acting on the truth, listening to  flattery and not much else, which we did on COVID, will be repeated on  national security.   Now, I think many of my Republican colleagues actually know this.  This is not the first time that President Trump has floated Ratcliffe's  name--it is the second--because, the first time, the Republicans  balked. Many Republicans whispered: He has no experience. Some  Republicans said to one another and to some of us: You don't need  someone in the DNI who is just a cheerleader for the President; you  need someone who knows intelligence and will speak the truth.   There is no new evidence that Mr. Ratcliffe will act with the  necessary independence. Nothing has changed about Ratcliffe's  qualifications since he was shot down by the Republican Senators in  their saying he was the wrong man for the job. Yet sometimes--all too  often in this Senate and to the detriment of this country--even when my  Republican colleagues know the President is wrong, they go blindly  along with him anyway. That happened with COVID and will now happen  with our intelligence agency. I hope it is not the case. I hope Mr.  Ratcliffe's nomination will be roundly rejected, as it should be.    Madam President, over the past few months, both parties  have worked together to provide historic levels of funding to help  small businesses retain employees, meet payroll, and stay afloat during  the COVID-19 pandemic. The Paycheck Protection Program--the main  instrument to help small businesses--received $349 billion under the  CARES Act and another $310 billion in supplemental legislation.   The public has a right to know how this money is being spent.  Oversight, transparency, and accountability are crucial because from  the moment the administration began implementing these funds, it became  clear that much of it wasn't going to those who needed it most.   Today, we are not taking any other action on the floor dealing with  COVID. We thought we would take this opportunity to ask unanimous  consent to get something real done that should have bipartisan support  on both sides of the aisle. Who can be against transparency? Who can be  against accountability? Who cannot want to know where close to $700  billion of the taxpayers' money is going? Is it going to the right  places?   Unfortunately, today at least 200 publicly traded companies have  managed to secure PPP loans, and most of those are not very small,  including some companies whose owners are large contributors to  President Trump. Truly small businesses, however--the  [[Page S2233]]  hundreds of thousands of mom-and-pop shops with less than 20 employees,  the proverbial restaurant owner or the butcher, the baker, and the  candlestick maker--have been mostly shut out because they didn't have a  standing relationship with a big bank.   There have been great disparities when it comes to minority-owned  businesses. According to the Center for Responsible Lending, over 90  percent of African-American-owned and Latino-owned businesses were  likely shut out of PPP funding. Women-owned businesses have also been  neglected. We have tried to fix some of these problems in COVID 3.5,  working closely with the Senators from Maryland and New Hampshire and  the Senator from Florida, but much more needs to be done. We need data  to help further inform who is being left out so we can continue to make  the necessary fixes to see that all small businesses are helped.   My friends Senators Cardin and Shaheen have a bill they worked on to  do just that. I want to thank them. They will talk more about this bill  in a moment, but I want to make one point here. This is a very simple  piece of legislation. It requires the kind of transparency expected  from any Federal program of this size and importance: regular public  reporting of how and where taxpayer dollars are spent.   This is something my Republican colleagues have always believed in. I  hope that my Republican colleagues will not object to this legislation  when I ask unanimous consent in a few minutes, after Senators Cardin  and Shaheen have spoken. I hope they will not object just because it  comes from this side of the aisle. It is a good idea. There is no  reason to object to this very unobjectionable idea and get this body  focused on COVID, not on extraneous matters, which we seem to be doing  now, when COVID is the most important issue we face.   We are doing quite literally nothing else on the floor of the Senate  today. There is no other business before us, no votes whatsoever. We  are here to force some action, force some progress, and force some  focus on COVID-related legislation. I prefer to do this in a completely  bipartisan way. But from the get-go, Democrats have had to force the  issue on many COVID response programs. The leader lays down a bill, it  has no Democratic input, and then, of course, we have to work toward  that goal, and we have. The fact that the first bill passed 96 to 0 is  a tribute to this body that we can come together when there is real  need.   We should be doing it the same way today. We should be working  together in support of our healthcare system, for testing so  desperately needed, unemployment insurance, and crucial improvements to  small business lending, all of which Democrats said we needed--our  Republican friends first resisted and then came along, led by the  Republican leader--and all of which passed with unanimous support.   The same thing should happen today. We should pass this. We should UC  it and get the oversight this program so desperately needs   I yield the floor to Senator Cardin.    I want to thank my colleagues not only for their  eloquent remarks but their hard work. We know that Senator Rubio has a  2:30 appointment so Senator Blumenthal has graciously agreed to speak  after we ask our unanimous consent request.   As if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of a bill that is at the desk  that would require the Administrator of the Small Business  Administration to report on COVID-19 recovery small business programs;  I further ask that the bill be considered read three times and passed  and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table, with no intervening action or debate.    I want to thank my colleague from Florida. I believe he  is sincere and has the best of intentions to want to make this program  work.   I want to make two quick points. The first point is, the more data we  have and the sooner we have it, the better we can make the program. It  will not slow it down. It will improve it and make it better--the  sooner the better.   Second, about demographic information, I understand the problem, but  there are a lot of ways to skin that cat. If we looked at ZIP Codes, we  might very easily be able to tell demographic information.   I thank my colleague. I regret that we cannot move this legislation-- the only COVID legislation that will be talked about on the floor thus  far, even though we were asked by the majority leader to come back  during the crisis, and I hope we can move forward quickly in the future  to get the kind of information we need.   With that I yield the floor. I yield to the Senator from Connecticut.   