 Mr. President, this afternoon, we heard a lot of rhetoric.  I would like to now deal with some reality. As so often happens, the  reality is different from the rhetoric.   Since I last spoke on the Senate floor in the wake of George Floyd's  murder, the American people's calls for justice and accountability have  not diminished. Fortunately, they have grown stronger, and rightfully  so. Even since then, our Nation has had to confront yet another  needless killing of an African-American man, when an Atlanta police  officer shot Rayshard Brooks twice in the back when he was fleeing from  officers.    Now, I know from my own experience in law enforcement that nobody can  dispute that police officers have incredibly challenging jobs. No one  will dispute that they are faced with difficult, split-second decisions  that impact life and death, but that difficulty does not excuse the  fact that something is deeply wrong in our country. It does not excuse  the fact that people of color have disproportionately suffered from  police misconduct. People of color disproportionately are profiled by  police, are stopped by police, are arrested by police, and are victims  of excessive force at the hands of police.   Confronted with the killing of George Floyd, millions of Americans  are demanding we do better as a nation. They recognize that  longstanding societal prejudices and biases and have created a law  enforcement culture and broader criminal justice system that  perpetuates these prejudices and biases. They demand that we roll up  our sleeves and do the hard work of ensuring that those charged with  preserving the rule of law are also subject to it, that no person is  above the law.   For millions of Americans, the time to act is now, but I think the  Senate is acting as though it is not up to the task. On Thursday, the  House is expected to pass comprehensive legislation to reform policing,  and it is going to do that with Republicans and Democrats voting for  it. The Senate has only advanced a patchwork of half-measures that  would do little more than to place a handful of bandaids on deep,  generations-old wounds.   As someone who knows him, I don't doubt at all that the legislation  drafted by Senator Scott is a good-faith attempt at finding consensus  within the Republican Conference on how to reform policing, but by any  reasonable measure, the bill the Republicans have put forward actually  fails to reform policing. On many of the most pressing issues, such as  addressing true racial inequalities or disparities or discrimination,  the Republican bill defers either by doing nothing at all or by leaving  it to a future commission to study.   The Republican bill purports to create a new grant program to fund  and mandate the use of body-worn cameras, which have been instrumental  in holding both the police and suspects accountable. Maybe everybody  failed to notice, but Congress already created that program 5 years  ago, and our Committee on Appropriations, in a bipartisan fashion, has  been funding it every year since, all 5 years. This is not something  new.   The Republican bill would create grant incentives to encourage police  departments to change behaviors. The legislation introduced by Senators  Booker and Harris would actually change those behaviors. They don't  say: Here. Please do it. They say: Here. You have to do it. They do it  by banning choke holds, and they ban no-knock warrants.   Unlike the Booker-Harris bill, the Republican bill would not address  qualified immunity, which allows officers to evade accountability even  when a court finds they have violated constitutional rights. Can you  imagine anybody else in this country, when violating someone's  constitutional rights, standing up and saying: ``But I am in a  protected group. You can't do anything about it. Bye, bye now. See  ya''?   The Republican bill does nothing to address racial profiling. It does  nothing to ensure that deadly force is used only as a last resort--not  as a first resort and especially not against somebody who, while  running away, gets shot in the back and is given the death penalty. It  also does nothing to ensure there will be Federal oversight when a  local law enforcement agency demonstrates a pattern of violating their  citizens' civil liberties.   It is well-known that the Trump administration has effectively  abandoned pattern or practice investigations and consent decrees, which  are proven instruments for positive change within some of our troubled  departments. That is why the Booker-Harris bill strengthens these  investigations at both the Federal and State levels.   At every turn, where the Republican bill provides a talking point,  the Booker-Harris bill provides real accountability and real  transparency. Sadly and, I think, disturbingly, the fact that the  majority leader will not even allow the Senate to debate the Booker- Harris bill reveals that he is interested in neither.   For a moment last week, it appeared that some Republicans were  serious about finding bipartisan compromise. During a Judiciary  Committee hearing on policing reform, Chairman Graham said he would  like the committee to work together to find solutions, ``to sit down''  and see if we could ``reconcile [the policing reform] packages and come  up with something in common.'' A number of Republican colleagues on the  Judiciary Committee even expressed an openness in reevaluating  qualified immunity to ensure that there would be a sense of  accountability within police departments.   I agree that these are difficult issues, but certainly, based on my  experience under both Republican and Democratic majorities, I know the  Judiciary Committee is capable of handling them. I know because we have  done it before on tough issues. Let me give you an example.   Seven years ago, a bipartisan group of Senators--Republicans and  Democrats across the political spectrum--put together a thoughtful,  bipartisan bill to reform our immigration system, but the bill wasn't  put here on the Senate floor with a ``take it or leave it.'' As  chairman of the Senate Judiciary, I held three hearings on the bill and  then held 5 days of markups, some going late into the night. We  considered 212 amendments, 141 of which were adopted, including 50  amendments offered by Republicans and voted on by both Democrats and  Republicans. Our process was fair, thorough, and deliberate. What  happened when it came to the Senate floor? There were 68 Senators from  both parties across the political spectrum who supported the  legislation and voted for it.    Now, if we could replicate that process for policing reform today--go  through committee, have the debate, bring up the amendments, have the  hearings, vote on something, and bring it here to the floor with that  kind of strong support--I would suspect even more Senators, Democrats  and Republicans alike, would support it.   Senator McConnell is skipping all of that. He is not allowing the  Judiciary Committee to do its work. He is not attempting to build  bipartisan compromise. He is, instead, forcing the Senate to take up a  wholly inadequate partisan bill or to do nothing at all. ``Here, vote  for this deeply flawed bill or you get nothing.'' That is not being the  conscience of the Nation. That is not why I and many others came to the  Senate. That is not how the Senate gets things done, and every Senator,  Republican and Democrat alike, knows that.   So I would suggest to the leader, if he is serious about tackling  racial injustice and policing reform, that there is a blueprint to  follow. This is not it. I urge the majority leader to reverse course.  If he is unwilling to bring meaningful legislation to the floor to  address these issues today, well then, allow the Judiciary Committee to  put in the hard work that is necessary to build bipartisan consensus. I  am sure it could be done within a couple of weeks of actual hearings  and votes in our committee.   Instead, the leader is insisting on a process that is designed to  fail. In doing so, the Senate fails. The Senate fails George Floyd, and  it fails Breonna Taylor, and it fails countless others who have been  victims of brutality or discrimination by a flawed justice system. In  doing so, the Senate also fails the American people.   I hope this is not the path we take. I voted not to go forward with a  flawed process, hoping we might have a real bipartisan process. I  believe the Senate  [[Page S3182]]  should be the conscience of the Nation. Let's be so in this. Let's go  to committee, and let's have Republicans and Democrats vote for or  against amendments and bring a bill to the floor.   Stop these ``take it or leave it'' steps by the Republican leader.  Let's have a bill that both Republicans and Democrats have worked on,  and then bring it up. Let's vote up or down on amendments. Let's give  the American people something they can be proud of and something,  finally, the Senate can be proud of.   I do not see another Senator who seeks recognition, so I suggest the  absence of a quorum.   