 Madam President, now, in the aftermath of the U.S.  military operation that took out Iranian General Soleimani, we need to  be asking the right questions and remain clear-eyed about what might  happen next.   I have grown increasingly concerned about the strike against  Soleimani and what it might mean for the safety of American troops in  the region and the future of America's involvement in the Middle East.  The President has promised that he would not drag the American people  into another endless war in the Middle East. The President's actions,  however, have seemingly increased the risk that we could be dragged  into exactly such a war.   Unfortunately, this contradiction is far too typical of how the  President has conducted foreign policy over the last 3 years. The  President's decision making has been erratic, and it has been  impulsive, without regard to the long-term consequences of America's  actions abroad. He prefers reality show diplomacy and photo ops with  foreign leaders to substantive progress. As a result, the President's  foreign policy has been dangerously incompetent.   When you look at nearly every hotspot around the globe, he has made  [[Page S33]]  the situation worse, not better. North Korea--3 years after failed  ``negotiations,'' North Korea remains belligerent, defiant, and intent  on developing ICBMs. Syria--after years of sacrifice and struggle  against ISIS, one impulsive decision to withdraw our troops risks  undoing all our progress. Russia--every meeting the President holds  with Putin always seems to result in Putin's coming out ahead. We are  now at risk of the situation with Iran heading for a similar  deterioration.   The President's foreign policy actions so far in North Korea, in  Syria, in Russia, and just about everywhere else can be described in  two words: ``erratic'' and ``impulsive.'' I am worried that a few  months from now his Iran policy will be described in exactly the same  way.   As the President's circle of advisers has gotten smaller and more  insular and as nearly all of the dissident voices have been forced out  of the administration, there seems to be no one left to tell the  President no. At times like this, skeptical voices need to ask the  right questions, and Congress--Congress must provide a check on the  President and assert our constitutional role in matters of war and  peace.   In my view, President Trump does not--does not--have authority for a  war with Iran. There are several important pieces of legislation by  both Senators Kaine and Sanders to limit further escalation with Iran  and assert Congress's prerogative on these matters. Both should receive  votes in the Senate.   I plan to ask pointed questions of this administration at a briefing  for the Gang of 8 later this afternoon. We need answers to some crucial  questions, and there are many. Here are the two that are most on  Americans' minds: What are Iran's most probable responses to the strike  on Soleimani? Are we prepared for each of these responses, and how  effective will our counterresponses be?   There was some alarming confusion yesterday about the military's  position on the future of U.S. troops in Iraq. What, in truth, does the  Soleimani strike mean for the long-term stability of Iraq and our  presence there? How does the administration plan to prevent an  escalation of hostilities and the potential for large-scale  confrontation with Iran in the Middle East? These are just some of the  questions the administration has to answer. The safety and security of  our American troops and of the American people are at stake.   