 Madam President, yesterday drugmaker Moderna filed for an  emergency use authorization from the FDA for its COVID vaccine. The  FDA's Vaccine Advisory Committee is scheduled to discuss Pfizer's COVID  vaccine next week and is expected to review Moderna's shortly  thereafter.   That means that it is entirely possible that by the end of December  the FDA will have authorized not one but two COVID vaccines that have  so far shown more than 90 percent effectiveness in preventing the  disease. This is very hopeful news, and it is a tribute to the  innovative power of the private sector and the efforts of Congress and  the Trump administration to expedite the development of COVID vaccines.   The light at the end of the tunnel looks like it is on the way. At  the same time, it is essential that we not minimize what is happening  with COVID right now. Cases are surging and are likely to surge  further, and doctors and hospitals are struggling.   It is essential that we maintain key safety measures until those  vaccines arrive. Now, more than ever, we need to keep wearing masks,  wash our hands, and maintain social distance. The more responsibly we  act, the more we can protect vulnerable members of the population and  keep our doctors and hospitals from being overrun. Acting responsibly  can also help avert further economic shutdowns, which would  [[Page S7120]]  be a devastating blow to a lot of struggling businesses.   I know that it has been a long, hard year and that everyone is tired  of the additional safety measures we have had to take, but the  beginning of the end is in sight, and we need to hold on for a few  months longer and keep doing everything we can to prevent further virus  spread.   At the same time, it is important that State and local governments  use their authority responsibly and think carefully about the impact of  the health and safety measures that they are putting in place. It is  also essential that elected officials ensure that they are respecting  our constitutional rights--notably, the right of assembly and the free  exercise of religion--when imposing coronavirus restrictions.   I was pleased to see the Supreme Court uphold this principle in its  recent decision suspending draconian New York measures targeting houses  of worship. New York City is not the only place where churches have  faced disproportionately strict restrictions. Earlier this year in  Washington, DC, for example, the mayor celebrated mass protests that  vastly exceeded recommendations for gathering size, even as she  maintained strict restrictions on houses of worship.   I was pleased to join an amicus brief to the DC district court in  support of Capitol Hill Baptist Church's lawsuit against the DC  government asking that the church's constitutional right to free  exercise of its faith be respected in the same way as the protesters'  rights to freedom of speech.   Throughout this pandemic we have, unfortunately, seen a significant  degree of hypocrisy from many on the left who have called for or  imposed strict restrictions on activities that they deem nonessential  while celebrating activities that they approved of but that posed a  significant risk of coronavirus transmission.   The First Amendment cannot be applied selectively, and when imposing  coronavirus restrictions, lawmakers need to exercise the greatest  respect for our first freedom--the free exercise of religion--and  ensure that churches are not subjected to disproportionately severe  measures.   More than that, politicians should do everything that they can to  ensure that religious worship is supported as far as possible during  the pandemic. Worship is an essential activity, and it should be  accorded the same respect and deference that governments have accorded  to liquor stores, bike shops, and nail salons.   In the next couple of weeks, Congress will be passing key  legislation, including a bill to fund the government. I am hoping that  we will be able to add a COVID relief bill to that list. While the  money Congress has already invested in COVID relief has gone a long way  toward meeting the country's needs, there is more that we need to do.   Republicans put forward an additional targeted relief package months  ago, but Democrats spent the fall delaying additional COVID relief by  insisting on bloated legislation filled with unrelated and unreasonable  demands. It has been impossible to negotiate with Democrats for the  simple reason that Democrats have made it clear that compromise is not  an option. ``It is our way or the highway,'' Democrats have said. It is  either a multitrillion-dollar bill or nothing at all.   Democrats have to know that they don't have a chance of getting their  bill through both houses of Congress and to the President's desk, so  the reasonable thing for them to do, if they really want to help  Americans, would be to work with Republicans to pass a bill that  delivers at least some of what they want. Republicans and Democrats  agree on a number of things, from more money for schools, testing, and  vaccines to another round of Paycheck Protection Program relief for the  hardest hit small businesses.   We should be able to arrive at compromise legislation that both sides  can agree to, and we should pass that compromise legislation before the  end of the year. I was encouraged to hear that a few Democrats are  looking to develop bipartisan coronavirus legislation, and I hope we  will be able to convince the Speaker and the Democratic leader here in  the Senate that working with Republicans--really working with them--and  not pretending to negotiate while refusing to actually compromise is  the right thing to do for the American people.   It has been a rough year for the country. Let's close it out by  working together to deliver the additional relief that Americans need  to weather the rest of this pandemic   I yield the floor.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Missouri (Mr. Hawley), the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. Inhofe), the  Senator from Georgia (Mrs. Loeffler), and the Senator from Arizona (Ms.  McSally).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Oklahoma (Mr. Inhofe), the Senator from Georgia (Mrs. Loeffler),  and the Senator from Arizona (Ms. McSally).    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Oklahoma (Mr. Inhofe), the Senator from Georgia (Mrs. Loeffler),  and the Senator from Arizona (Ms. McSally).    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  mandatory quorum call be waived.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from Oklahoma (Mr. Inhofe), the Senator from Georgia (Mrs. Loeffler),  and the Senator from Arizona (Ms. McSally).   