 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I came to the Senate 2 years ago  because the people of Florida entrusted me to fight against the broken  ways of Washington and the out-of-control spending that is threatening  the future of our children and our grandchildren.   I am fighting every day against the political class in Washington-- the same elites that scoff when people like me say that government  needs to be run like a business. They say government is too complicated  to run like a business, but I say that any elected official or  government bureaucrat who believes that should resign tomorrow because  they are part of the problem.   It is time to wake up. It is time to wake up to the fact that every  dime spent in Washington belongs to American taxpayers, and every  dollar spent now is a tax increase for a future generation.   It is time to wake up to the fact that our Nation is more than $27  trillion in debt. Every cent we spend moving forward threatens our  ability to fund our military and our safety nets like Social Security,  Medicare, and Medicaid.   It is time to wake up to the fact that our position as the leader of  the free world is not promised and shouldn't be taken for granted.  Irresponsible career politicians who care more about their next  election than the future of our country will run this Nation into the  ground if we let them, and I am fighting like hell to make sure they  don't.   Now, let me be clear. I support another relief measure to help our  small businesses and individuals who are hurting because of the  coronavirus.   For months, Senate Republicans have been trying to pass responsible  and targeted measures to quickly help those in need. And for months,  Democrats have blocked these measures because of politics.   Nancy Pelosi admitted it. She said she purposely stood in the way of  the deal until after the Presidential election so that politics would  be in their favor to avoid ``considerations in the legislation that we  don't want.''   It is shameful and exactly why the American people are fed up with  Washington.  [[Page S7308]]    Congress has already allocated $2 trillion in direct and indirect aid  to States and localities. And we know, unfortunately, because Congress  tried to get this money out the door as quickly as possible, many  programs within the CARES Act are riddled with waste, inefficiency, and  fraud.   Now a group of my colleagues want to spend another trillion dollars,  including almost $200 billion to bail out liberal States with Governors  who can't do the basic job they were elected to do--manage their own  budgets. And we don't even know how much is still unspent from the  previous coronavirus relief packages.   I have reached out to every single Governor--twice now--to learn  exactly how they have spent the hundreds of billions of dollars they  have already received, and only 10 have replied. They won't tell us  because they don't want us to know there are still billions of dollars  left unspent. They don't want us to know that the real purpose is to  take taxpayer money meant to help get through this crisis and use it to  backfill their inefficient and wasteful budgets and pension programs.   Liberal Governors and mayors around the country think the American  people are stupid. They think taxpayers in States like Florida won't  realize if the Federal Government uses their taxpayer money to bail out  States like New York and California and pay for those States' wasteful  spending.   Governor Newsom has had his hand out for a bailout despite the fact  that California's tax revenues for this fiscal year are running $9.9  billion or 18.6 percent above projections. Personal income tax revenue  in October was $1 billion--15.6 percent higher than in the previous  October i California, and sales taxes were up 9.2 percent. For the last  4 months, overall revenue in California has exceeded spring forecasts  and even 2019 collections.    This is a State that paid $1.5 million to the chief investment  officer of its public pension fund, who was actively investing in  companies tied to the Chinese Communist Party, only to later find out  this person was personally invested in companies with ties to the  Chinese Communist Party. You can't make this stuff up. How is that for  pension waste and a national security threat?   It is the same story with Governor Cuomo. New York's overall tax  revenue was up 4.3 percent in September compared to September 2019.   These are the same Governors who are OK issuing new stay-at-home  orders that are killing small businesses. As long as they get more  money from the Federal Government to backfill their budgets and pension  plans, they don't care how many people in their States have to suffer.  These Governors and mayors don't care, as long as they don't have to  follow their own oppressive rules.   Let's not forget about Nancy Pelosi and the hair salon, California  Governor Gavin Newsom dining at the French Laundry, Austin Mayor Steve  Adler encouraging constituents to stay home from his timeshare in  Mexico.   Do as I say, not as I do.   These liberal politicians who refuse to open their States or spend  taxpayer money wisely are seeing high numbers of unemployment. Most of  the States with the highest unemployment rate in the country are  controlled by Democrats.   On the other hand, Republican-led States that are making the hard  choices to get on a fiscally responsible path and reopen their economy  safely are succeeding and seeing lower unemployment rates.   Thirty States have halved their unemployment rate since May, while  real GDP grew 33 percent in the third quarter, erasing losses from the  previous quarter. You can see there, this is from a Wall Street Journal  editorial--if you haven't heard, ``states are experiencing a surge of-- tax revenue.'' Politicians don't want this good news to get out because  they want to get more of our money from States like Florida to pay for  the budgets of Illinois, New York, California, and New Jersey. You can  see the GDP growth of 33 percent in that quarter.   Over here you can see States have seen a big drop-off in their  unemployment rates by half over the last 6 months, and there has been a  big growth in private sector employment, but it doesn't stop these  liberal Governors and mayors from wanting more money.   Look, I know everyone wants to help our States, and so do I. We help  our States by ensuring appropriate spending of the billions of dollars  in taxpayer dollars already allocated. We help our States by safely  opening the economy and getting Americans back to work. We help our  States by sending money to schools to safely reopen and funding vaccine  research and distribution.   Most States will be in a strong position to get through this pandemic  without more Federal aid, and that is great news for our country. But  we know New York, California, Illinois, New Jersey don't need bailouts;  they want bailouts so they can use that money intended to address the  fallout from COVID to backfill their longstanding budget problems and  their pension problems.   I have said all along that I will not support that. It is not fair to  the citizens of States like Florida, where over my 8 years as Governor,  we made the hard choices--they were hard--that put our State on a  fiscally secure path. We paid down our State debt. We cut taxes. We  balanced our budget every year without borrowing money.   And $908 billion--$908 billion--of spending today equals a tax  increase of $7,000 per American family down the road. It is not money  that we have. It is a tax increase of $7,000 per American family down  the line.   Many families in our country right now are trying to figure out how  to celebrate this holiday season while they struggle to afford daily  expenses. These are people we need to be helping.   You wouldn't run your business or family the way Washington is run-- like there is an endless supply and no consequences to racking up  unthinkable amounts of debt. That is what many of my colleagues want.  But to keep spending money like this means taking away the same  opportunities that I have had and others have had to live the American  dream, and it will take it away from our children and our  grandchildren.   It is time to wake up. It is time to make the hard choices to put our  Nation on a path to recovery--recovery from this virus, from the  economic devastation it has brought with it, and from the fiscal  calamity that decades of politicians have ignored. That includes  refusing to bail out wasteful States for their decades of poor fiscal  choices   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 189, S.  1151. I further ask that the committee-reported substitute amendment be  agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time  and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and  laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I rise to speak again today  about the crisis in Venezuela, a defining human rights issue of our  time.   Nicolas Maduro is starving his own people, and innocent children are  dying. It is a genocide right here in our hemisphere. Every day that  passes, the situation in Venezuela grows more dire.   This weekend, the world watched as Maduro orchestrated a sham  election. No one was fooled by this pathetic attempt. The appearance of  democracy is not democracy. Maduro is a murderous dictator who doesn't  respect human rights or the will of his people. He must be stopped.   The Trump administration has taken decisive action to hold Maduro  accountable, sanction the Venezuelan regime, and cut off the funds  Maduro uses to hold on to power. But the United States and all freedom- loving countries around the world must do more.   As Governor, I strictly prohibited the State of Florida, including  all State agencies, from investing in any company that did business  with Maduro's repressive regime.   It is simple. Why would we ever use taxpayer money to support a  regime that is killing its own people?   My bill, the Venezuelan Contracting Restriction Act, does the same  thing on the Federal level by prohibiting Federal agencies from doing  business with anyone who supports Maduro. Last year, we included a  targeted version of this measure in the NDAA that prohibited the  Department of Defense from doing business with anyone supporting  Maduro's regime.   Now it is time for us to be clear and united in our support for the  Venezuelan people and prohibit every agency in the Federal Government  from doing anything that would support Maduro and his genocide.   Mr. President, I ask consent to address the Senate in Spanish.    (English translation of the statement made in  Spanish is as follows:)   I stand with the people of Venezuela and will always fight for  freedom and democracy in Latin America.   Mr. President, what I have proposed is a simple action we can take as  Americans to help end Maduro's genocide.   I am completely disappointed with my Democratic colleague's objection  to my request today. This bipartisan proposal cleared the Homeland  Security and Government Affairs Committee with unanimous consent.   I am eager to resolve my colleague's concerns quickly, and I hope  that he and the other Senator who objected before will work with me to  get this done. Unfortunately, they have not been willing to meet with  me to fix this and to get this done.   I am not giving up and plan to bring this up again and again. We  don't have time to delay. We cannot lose sight of the fact that Nicolas  Maduro is killing his citizens. We need to take every action we can to  say to Maduro that the United States will not stand and let this  continue.   Even though my bill was blocked today, I will never stop fighting  until Venezuela and all of Latin America can begin a new day of  freedom.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   