 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Chris Smith,  for leading this Special Order as we memorialize countless lives that  have been lost in the last 47 years to the Roe v. Wade decision.   The gentleman and all of my colleagues here are champions for life,  and I want to thank them for their commitment and their resolve to  address this issue.   The March for Life is a unique event in American culture. It is the  only march where 100 percent of the participants are marching on behalf  of someone else; marching on behalf of the most vulnerable among us,  as has already been mentioned, those who have not yet had the  opportunity to take their first breath of life.    This Special Order annually commemorating the March for Life stands  as a memorial to those lives who have been lost to abortion. And it is  time for this Chamber to mark that dreadful decision of the Supreme  Court and to mourn the results of that decision.   This is a time for us to carefully consider the choices of our Nation  and the realization that those choices have dire consequences.   This is our time to learn from those past decisions and to, with  fresh determination, do all we can to make sure that we don't repeat  the mistakes of the past.   It is for that reason that I introduced H. Res. 50, which would  memorialize the unborn by lowering the flag of the United States to  half-staff on the 22nd of every January. It would be known as a day of  tears, memorializing the ocean of tears that have been lost and shed  for the millions, countless children who have never had a chance to  live.   Mr. Speaker, I believe every human life is sacred. I believe that  life begins at conception, and if we don't stand on behalf of the  unborn, who will? That is the question.   So it is on their behalf that each of us here, we will never waiver,  we will never quit. We will continue fighting with everything we have  for life. No matter how long the battle is, no matter how intense it  may become, we will not cease our effort until every child is given the  gift of life that only God gives.   