 Mr. Speaker, the Postal Service is a  lifeline to rural communities. While some Americans have had the  opportunity to work from home during this  [[Page H4295]]  pandemic, our letter carriers and postmasters do not. They're working  tirelessly to ensure people in every comer to the country are getting  their mail and packages, which for our at-risk population, has been  especially critical.   I've been supportive of the $25 billion in emergency funding included  in this legislation and I'm relieved that at the urging of members like  myself and the postal workers, a dangerous private right of action  provision, which would have allowed trial lawyers to take advantage of  the 2020 election, was removed.   As someone who has worked across the aisle to support the Postal  Service, I was disappointed when it recently became a political weapon.   We should not be politicizing the Postal Service and in tum, the  thousands of hardworking employees that serve each of our districts.   As Ranking Member of House Administration, I'll tell you that, while  I'm supportive of this bill, it is not going to solve our election  administration problems.   Despite early warnings from the Postal Service, at least eighteen  states still have ballot request and return policies that are  incompatible with their delivery standards, which significantly  increases the risk of disenfranchising voters.   We saw hundreds of thousands of ballots during recent primaries  across the country go uncounted for this very issue. NPR estimates  nearly a half a million were rejected--disproportionately  disenfranchising minority and younger voters.   Despite early warnings from the Postal Service, unrealistic ballot  request and return policies continue to be one of the biggest  impediments to ensuring every vote is counted.   A recent poll found 59 percent of Americans still prefer to vote in  person, yet there's nothing in this bill to help states allow people to  safely go to the polls.   So I'm not voting for this bill because I think the post office is  trying to sabotage our elections, I'm voting for this bill because  we're in the middle of a pandemic, the Postal Service is vital to our  society, and they need our help.   And while I'm glad we're back here for a special session to help the  Postal Service, I wish we were also voting on a deal to help our  schools, small businesses, and the millions of people still out of work  because of the pandemic.   