 May I ask the Senator from Delaware a question?   Did that young man lose his life in battle?    I want to thank the Senator from Delaware   You know, this isn't the first time--this isn't the first time the  President has denigrated our military. It is not the first time and  will not be the last time because there is a total lack of appreciation  by this President of the people who serve our country in our military.   I don't have to talk about the bone spurs that gave him how many  deferments? Five deferments? He found a way to not fight in Vietnam.  Thank God his daddy had enough money to allow him to do that.   Then we think back to John McCain, the decorated war hero. Oh, no,  no, no, not in President Trump's mind. It didn't matter that he was a  prisoner of war. He was no war hero, the President said.   I am going to tell you, everybody in this body knew John McCain.  Everybody in this body probably had a scrap with John McCain and  everybody in this body had the highest amount of respect for John  McCain. He truly was a war hero.   Then there are the veterans who served in Vietnam, which Agent Orange  got the best of them. They are now in their seventies, and they are  dying because of their exposure to Agent Orange. Let me tell you, the  President denied them their benefits--denied them the benefits. If it  wasn't for this body and the House, they still wouldn't have those  benefits.   Then there is the time that Vladimir Putin put a contract out on our  military. Did the President speak up? No, not to his good buddy  Vladimir. No, he wouldn't do it.   Then there was the privatization of the VA. It cost Secretary Shokin  his job because he said no, and in a bipartisan way we said no. Well,  it is time to say no again in a bipartisan way. This President has  crossed the line. ``Suckers'' and ``losers'' in our military do not  belong in the same sentence, especially when you are talking about the  ``greatest generation'' in Europe who gave their lives for this  country.   It is time. It is time not for resolutions that are political games,  but it is time to tell this President that he has screwed up in a big,  big way. If we don't, it will affect this country's future long after  he steps down from the Presidency.   I yield the floor.   