 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, now, we have spent the past 4 to 5 days  locked in intense bipartisan negotiations over the final details of an  emergency relief package. There are a few issues outstanding, but I am  quite hopeful that we are closing in on an outcome. It appears that,  barring a major mishap, the Senate and House will be able to vote on  final legislation as early as tonight--tonight.   Many of the provisions in this bill are already public. They are all  items that the country desperately needs and upon which there is no  disagreement. We all are ready to deliver a desperately needed  extension of enhanced unemployment benefits; direct survival checks to  millions of American families; crucial relief to our schools, our small  businesses, our healthcare system; and funding to support the  production and distribution of a vaccine.   As of yesterday, we have been steadily working through all of the  other outstanding issues, but one issue threatened to derail the bill.  The Senator from Pennsylvania made an eleventh-hour demand to curtail  the authority of the Fed to respond to economic crises, potentially  leaving the Fed with less authority than it had even prior to the  pandemic.   The language in his provision was so broad, the intent seemed to be  to sabotage the incoming administration's ability to stabilize the  economy and save jobs. That was completely unacceptable to Democrats.   But late last night the logjam was broken. Senator Toomey accepted my  compromise to remove the dangerous ``similar to'' language in his bill  that was overly broad. We sent the Senator far more limited language  around 8 p.m. last night, and it was accepted a few hours later with a  few technical changes. As a result, the Federal Reserve will retain its  tools and authority in the event of a true emergency.   Now, this compromise should not have taken as long as it did, and,  frankly, it was irresponsible to threaten the entire package with this  ideological attempt to limit the Fed and Treasury's powers in an  emergency.   But I am very glad that our Republican colleagues relented and  accepted our offer. The Toomey legislation was the last significant  stumbling block to a bipartisan agreement moving forward.   Solving our disagreement over the Fed's authority was a key to  unlocking the rest of the bill and putting us on a path to final  legislation. Now that we have solved that disagreement, we can close in  on a final agreement, finish drafting legislation, and move it through  both Chambers of Congress--hopefully, as soon as tonight. As we speak,  the legislative text is being finalized.   The time has come to move forward and reach a conclusion. The  legislation that is coming together will put money in the pockets of  everyday people and extend many of the benefits that we included in the  CARES Act, a bill I was proud to negotiate with Secretary Mnuchin.   I will be the first to admit that, while this short-term deal is  necessary to meet the urgent and growing needs that so many people are  facing immediately going into the winter, this bill is not sufficient.  It is necessary. It is not sufficient.   Democrats would have liked to provide more relief, especially to  State and local governments and especially to American families on the  brink of financial collapse. The survival checks in this bill are a  good start, but there was bipartisan support for $1,200 checks.   So let me be clear about one thing: This bill will not be the final  word on congressional COVID relief.   When this Chamber gavels back in 2021, we must pick up immediately  where we left off. We must protect people's jobs, whether they work for  a company or a local government; whether they live in blue States or  red States; whether they are office employees or teachers, bus drivers  and firefighters.   Still, the significance of this package should not be underestimated.  We will deliver the second largest Federal stimulus in our Nation's  history. Only the CARES Act will have been bigger. This package will  give the new President a head start as he prepares to right our ailing  economy. And it won't include any provision to limit the legal rights  of workers who are put in harm's way. It won't include any provision to  gratuitously limit the authority of the Fed.   On many issues, where Republicans once refused to grant an inch, we  were also able to make meaningful steps forward. Republicans, in their  initial proposal, wanted zero direct payments. They wanted zero  unemployment insurance. They wanted zero rent relief. Only a few months  ago, the Republican leader admitted that 20 Members of his caucus  didn't want to approve another dime in spending. Now we are on the  verge of passing more than $900 billion.   Once an agreement is finalized, I will have a lot more to say about  the contents of the bill and the process it took to achieve it. But for  now, I am happy to report we have surmounted the final largest hurdle,  and an ending is in sight. Let's get the job done together for the sake  of the American people.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, after weeks of intense bipartisan  negotiation, the leadership of both Chambers, as well as the White  House, have reached an agreement on an emergency Federal relief  package. The agreement on this package could be summed up by the  expression ``better late than never,'' although I know many of my  Republican colleagues wished it was never.   After a long and arduous year, after a year full of bad news,  finally, we have some good news to deliver to the American people. Make  no mistake about it, this agreement is far from perfect, but it will  deliver emergency relief to a nation in the throes of a genuine  emergency.   It should have the votes to pass the Senate, the House, and reach the  President's desk to become law. We should make that happen as soon as  possible--as soon as possible--even tonight, if we can.   By all rights, a bill of this urgency should have passed 8 months-- should have passed months ago. The country needed it.   But we all know what happened. The Republican majority caused more  than 8 months of delays and gridlock. Twenty Members of the Senate  majority wanted no money. And what the Republican leader simply  forgets, for months, he said: Let's examine the crisis; let's put it on  pause, while Democrats were demanding more action.   And then when he produced legislation, it didn't have what was needed  and had poison pills, a provision that would give all corporations--no  matter how egregious their behavior--immunity and nothing to help the  unemployed, no direct checks.   So the idea that this delay was caused by Democrats is ``Alice in  Wonderland'' history. It was caused by a Republican majority that  didn't want to vote for the moneys desperately needed by the American  people. The significance of this package, even though it is not as  large or robust as it should be, should not be underestimated. We will  deliver the second largest Federal stimulus in our Nation's history.  Only the CARES Act will have been bigger--only the CARES Act, which I  was proud to negotiate with Secretary Mnuchin.   In size and scope, this bill will exceed the Recovery Act passed in  the aftermath of the financial crisis. And once this Federal relief  bill is signed into law, Congress will have allocated well over $3  trillion in relief this year alone. That is a historic figure to match  a historic crisis. It will give the new President a boost--a head  start--as he prepares to right our ailing economy. The economy is in a  deep, deep hole because of President Trump and the Republican Senate's  failure to act in a timely manner.   But this, at least, begins us getting the relief the American people  need so that when President Biden takes over, he can do more and help  us dig out of this deep hole.   And the good news, too, the poison pills that so stopped any progress  put in by the majority leader are not in this bill. It won't include  any provision to limit the legal rights of workers who were put in  harm's way or any provision to gratuitously limit the authority of the  Fed.   Now, it is remarkable how far we have come. As I mentioned earlier,  this summer, the Republican leader admitted 20 Members of his caucus  didn't want to vote for another dime of COVID relief. Before  negotiating with Democrats, the majority offered a package of $500  billion that contained poison pills designed to doom the thing from the  start. That way, Republican Senators wouldn't be forced to approve any  new spending. Here at the end of the year, reason has prevailed--sweet  reason--and we will now deliver a package of almost a trillion dollars.   That matters not for any one party. It matters for the American  people because we increased the size of this bill, expanded its reach.  More Americans will receive assistance before the holidays. For  Americans who have lost their jobs through no fault of their own, this  bill will throw out a safety net.   Initially, Republicans were ready to let enhanced unemployment  benefits expire. They were ready to move on without help for renters.  They opposed another round of direct payments. Their starting offer for  UI and rent relief was zero, zero, and zero again.   The good news that transcends any of the obstacles that we faced is  that in the final agreement, we will extend all three Federal  unemployment programs created under CARES. We will provide $300 in  weekly Federal unemployment benefits for the next 10 weeks. For  families struggling to make ends meet, this bill will cushion the blow.   A new round of survival checks will soon be on the way--$600 per  adult, another $600 for every dependent in the household. Many of us  would have liked that to be higher, but at least this is the quickest  way to get money into pockets of the American people, sending their tax  dollars right back where they came from. Of course, as I said, it is  not as much as many Democrats and some Republicans would have liked,  and we hope that next year the same bipartisan support that emerged  behind $1,200 stimulus checks will provide even more assistance to  working families.   For the first time ever during this pandemic, Congress will provide  $25 billion in direct rental assistance to help reduce the burden on  Americans who have fallen behind on their rent. We also extend a  moratorium on evictions to give our fellow citizens more time to get  back on their feet.   For small business owners, we are providing businesses the  opportunity to take another draw of the popular  [[Page S7864]]  Paycheck Protection Program. Crucially, this bill will provide $12  billion for minority-owned and very small businesses that struggled to  access financing during the earlier rounds of PPP. Local newspapers and  local broadcasters will have access to this assistance as well as  nonprofits--I worked very hard to see that this happened--and our  nonprofit religious institutions. Our churches and our synagogues and  our mosques--no collection plate, no income, but so vital to social  services and so needed during a time of crisis--will, once again, get  the help they need--something that I authored in the CARES bill.   I am especially pleased that this bill will provide money for bars  and restaurants and $15 billion in SBA grants for theater operators and  small venue owners through the Save Our Stages Act. These venues are so  important to my State and many States across the country. They are the  lifeblood of our communities. They were first to close and will be the  last to open. This bill gives them a fighting chance.   Of course, today's agreement will give a major boost to our battle  against the disease itself. There will be more than $30 billion to  support the procurement and distribution of the coronavirus vaccine,  ensuring that it is free and rapidly distributed to everyone.   Today's agreement includes all this and more--support for childcare,  food assistance, agricultural relief, the Postal Service, and funding  to help families gain access to broadband. So the American people have  a great deal to celebrate in this legislation, but, of course, the  agreement we reached is far from perfect. It leaves out direct State  and local assistance. Despite desperate pleas from Governors, mayors,  and economists across the spectrum, the Republicans stubbornly refused  to provide direct aid to State and local governments. Over a million  public employees have already lost their jobs. It doesn't matter if you  are working for a small business and get laid off or if you are working  for a government and are laid off; you still need to feed your family.  So why is there such a difference on this side of the aisle between  these same people--flesh and blood? Because some work for the  government, they don't get help, but because some work for a small  business, they do. Both should get help.   State revenues, of course, are significantly down across the country  in States red and blue. The continued opposition to State and local  funding from the Republicans remains deeply irresponsible. It will  force States to make painful decisions to cut jobs and potentially  raise taxes on working families, and it will hurt the economy of the  entire country as millions more government workers are laid off at a  time when we are struggling to recover--hurting us all.   Still, the Democrats refused to let State and local governments be  completely left behind. Today's agreement does include aid for specific  State-level expenses--$82 billion for education funding, $27 billion in  payments for testing and State healthcare programs, $45 billion for  transit systems. I am very proud of the fact that New York's MTA will  receive the money it needs to keep going. It is so vital to our city's  economy and something I worked very hard for.   Make no mistake--these funding sources are not a replacement for  direct aid to State and local governments, and we Democrats will  continue to fight for those in the new year. But in this case, a rose  by any other name smells not quite as sweet, but at least it brings  some relief. State and local governments will receive assistance in a  number of different ways.   When this Chamber gavels back in in 2021, we must pick up where we  just left off. We have given the administration a vital headstart, but  make no mistake about it--our economy is in a deep, deep, deep hole, in  part, because of the Trump administration's lack of policy in fighting  the coronavirus. Now we will have to help them. This is a good start,  but a lot more needs to be done. We must continue to protect people's  jobs whether they work for a company or a local government. We must do  so much more, and we have to start building and stimulating our economy  so it gets out of the hole with things like infrastructure and wiring  every home with broadband and improving our healthcare and education  systems and so much more--so much more.   Let me be very, very clear about one thing. Once this deal is signed  into law, it cannot be the final word on congressional relief. There is  more to do in the new year with a new administration that has a much  more favorable attitude toward giving the American people the help they  need. The bipartisan agreement is simply a downpayment. It will  establish a floor, not a ceiling, for coronavirus relief in 2021.   Over the course of this challenging year, tens of millions of  Americans have been pushed close to the breaking point. They have lost  their jobs. They have lost their homes. Many can't feed their families.  Many have lost neighbors, colleagues, friends, and family to this  vicious, vicious disease. They have such great pain--a pain that we can  only distantly empathize with because it hasn't happened directly to us  here.   As the pandemic enters its worst phase, we will continue to be  isolated from one another, but behind closed doors, desperation mounts  for millions and millions of our fellow Americans. This bill is for  them--for them--to carry them to a brighter day.   I yield the floor.   