 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the  legislation before us today.   The gentleman was referencing the budget. We are still waiting for  his budget. We will take it whenever he is ready.   Let's be clear about what we are doing today. We are going to be  voting on a piece of legislation that was not negotiated, will be dead  on arrival in the Senate, and will do nothing for the millions of  Americans who are relying on this body to find a solution.    This bill before us today is about wanting the politics of the issue  more than results. This is a bill that rejects $1.7 trillion in  bipartisan COVID aid that will help families navigate some of the most  difficult moments of their lives in favor of zero dollars that will  help absolutely no one except for a handful of politicians who want the  message more than the result. What a disgrace.   The sad truth is my colleagues know exactly what they are doing. How,  in good faith, could they say that this legislation, which takes steps  to federalize U.S. elections, that provides a tax break for  millionaires and billionaires in blue States--that is right--and  directs ICE to release individuals in custody, is an attempt to help  their constituents, knowing full well that these provisions will not be  signed into law?   Just this morning, the Speaker of the House said that we are not only  having a dollars debate, but we are having a values debate. Well, I  have heard from the people of Ohio's 16th District and many around the  country about what they value since this pandemic broke out.   My constituents value a Congress that puts the people over the  politics. They value a Congress that could care less about which party  wins or loses an election, so long as, in their greatest moment of  need, their government is there for them.   The people are sick and tired of watching this town fight like cats  and dogs over who ``wins'' the day. They want to win, and they win when  we do our job. That is not what is happening today, and the American  people are rightly disgusted.   Just 2 weeks ago, my colleagues from the Problem Solvers Caucus, with  25 members from each side of the aisle, put forward a proposal that  showed that we can and should work together on a proposal that keeps  our small businesses open, protects our children and schools, helps  those who are still unemployed, and offers additional aid to States and  localities.   I heard from people across all sides of the political spectrum that  this caucus and our package gave them hope that Congress could actually  do something for a change. Yet, here we are.    Yet, here we are, ready to let down the people  we serve yet again.   Despite all of this, there remains a path forward to a solution, but  it will take leadership on both sides of the aisle to cast aside their  partisan hats and negotiate in good faith.   Let me be clear in saying that leadership doesn't need to just come  from our elected party leaders. Each Member of the House has a say in  how they choose to vote today. A ``yes'' vote is for the status quo,  political messaging, and nothing for the American people. A ``no'' vote  is a recognition that there is more work to be done and that there is  still an opportunity for us to act in the best interest of our  constituents.   We have to deliver. It is time.   