 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong  support of the bipartisan PHONE Act, a bill I started working on more  than two years ago.   The PHONE Act is an example of listening to our constituents who have  been survivors of a natural disaster and using the power of legislation  to address the aftermath.   After the devastating 2017 wildfires, one of my constituents  contacted my office to let us know of a problem unique to natural  disasters. My constituent was one of more than 6,000 households who  lost a home or business to the wildfire. This family was a long-time  part of our community and they wanted to rebuild. What they learned was  that, during the rebuilding process, they would lose the phone number  they had for years. This may seem like something small--a phone number,  but to my constituent, this was part of the fabric of their lives and  of their home.   Unfortunately, the FCC could not save the phone number long enough to  rebuild. So many of our Districts are facing wildfires, hurricanes,  powerful windstorms and flooding. We must do everything we can to help  survivors reclaim their lives.   Displaced survivors must find temporary housing, connect with family  members, replace lost documents, apply for disaster assistance, and  begin the long process of repairing and rebuilding homes. We may not be  able to help rebuild or pick up the pieces, but this small gesture-- reserving a phone number--can bring the tiniest sense of a return to  normalcy.   Preserving home phone numbers means survivors have one less worry.  It's one less burden. It is the least we can do to help the folks in  our communities who face such devastation.   I thank the Committee for its work to bring this bill to the Floor  and I urge my colleagues to vote yes.    Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong  support of H.R. 5373, my bipartisan legislation reauthorizing the  United States Anti-Doping Agency.   As you know, USADA is recognized by Congress as the official  antidoping agency for Olympic, Paralympic, and other sporting  competitions in the United States. Among other responsibilities, USADA  conducts drug testing for athletes, manages test results, and pursues  bad actors who seek to undermine the principles of clean and fair sport  through the use of illicit or banned substances.   Current funding for USADA expires this year. My legislation, authored  with Representatives Johnson (R-OH) and DeGette (D-CO), would  reauthorize USADA through Fiscal Year 2027. The bill also provides a  slight funding boost beginning in 2026, to allow USADA to prepare for  the 2028 Olympics in Los Angeles.   In addition, this legislation would require USADA to devote a portion  of its funding to clean sport initiatives for young athletes, and  authorizes the Department of Justice and other federal agencies to  cooperate with USADA in the course of its investigations.   As recent doping scandals have shown--particularly in the world of  cycling--the abuse of performance enhancing drugs often begins at a  young age.   Many young athletes, especially those with promising careers, face  enormous pressure to gain any competitive edge available to them-- including pressure from coaches, trainers, parents and other adults. It  is critical that these young competitors have the education and  resources they need to surmount that pressure, stay clean, and stay  healthy.   I am grateful to my colleagues on the Energy and Commerce Committee  for advancing this legislation to the Floor, and I urge my colleagues  to vote Yes.   