 Mr. Chair, I do have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I thank Mr. Lawson, Ms. Pressley, and the  ranking member for their work on this bill.   I rise to offer an amendment to H.R. 3621, the Student Borrower  Credit Improvement Act.   As we all know, this bill that we are considering today strengthens  consumer protections for all Americans by making overdue reforms to  credit reporting.  [[Page H696]]    Specifically, the Student Borrower Credit Improvement Act gives  borrowers facing economic hardship an opportunity to repair their  credit profiles and prevent certain prior delinquencies from being  reported.   These borrowers, who are working to do everything right, deserve that  chance to repair their credit scores. But at times, when a borrower  experiences sudden economic hardship, it can be nearly impossible to  make payments on time. That is why the legislation in front of us  allows borrowers to pause their repayments when they demonstrate undue  hardship resulting from an unusual extenuating life circumstance.   My amendment would include homelessness, as defined by HUD, as an  extenuating life circumstance demonstrating a hardship, therefore  making them eligible for that type of grace period that this  legislation allows.   When a borrower experiences homelessness, it is nearly impossible to  focus on anything else, and securing a safe place to live becomes a top  priority.   This amendment would ensure that a borrower who is experiencing  homelessness can focus on finding a place to stay without worrying  about missing a payment.   A Federal Reserve study has shown that student loan debt has caused a  third of borrowers to move in with their parents after school. But many  students with debt lack that type of support system, and faced with a  lack of housing options, they do become homeless.   On the central coast of California, where I represent, there are some  borrowers who face homelessness even before graduating college.  Students at the local university, the University of California at Santa  Cruz, many of them have been forced to live in vehicles in the  university's parking lots.   By including my amendment in this legislation, we can ensure that  borrowers experiencing homelessness are given a temporary reprieve and  preserve their ability to repair their credit.   Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I thank Mr. McHenry for his very thoughtful  comments.   Mr. Chair, I yield the remainder of my time to the gentlewoman from  Massachusetts (Ms. Pressley).    Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   