 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  thank the ranking member and the chair for including my amendment in  the en bloc.   Antidumping and countervailing duty laws exist to protect American  workers and producers from economic injury caused by illegally traded  foreign imports.   Unfortunately, a tidal wave of illegally traded foreign imports is  reaching our shores. Many of these products are produced by companies  in nonmarket economies like China.   As of today, the International Trade Administration has initiated  more than 91 new antidumping and countervailing duty petitions. This is  a record number, an increase of nearly 57 percent from the previous  year.   Unfortunately, resources at ITA have not kept pace with increasing  caseloads and orders. Today, there are only eight AD/CVD offices when  we need nine.   While I appreciate the work of the chairman and ranking member to  increase trade remedies for resources, more must be done. American  workers should not face delayed relief when other nations are cheating.    Mr. Speaker, Congress must provide sufficient resources to  staff a ninth office. This includes providing a minimum of $96 million  for antidumping and countervailing duty activities.   In addition, we should require the Secretary of Commerce to provide  quarterly reports to Congress on its progress in increasing AD/CVD  activities and staffing levels.    Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman and the ranking  member for including my amendment in this en bloc package.   My amendment has a straightforward goal: increasing support for  school safety grants under the STOP School Violence Act.   Last Congress, I introduced legislation which is now law to provide  grants to local school districts to strengthen security on school  grounds. This was made part of the broader bipartisan STOP School  Violence Act enacted last Congress.   In my southern Illinois district, these funds have been used by the  Shawnee Community School District to build an emergency communications  cell tower. The Meridian School District uses the funds to hire a  school resources officer.   As a father, grandfather, and former first responder, I hope that our  young people can return to the classroom soon. I hope that this money  is available to make sure that they are even safer.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the en bloc package.   