 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to  recommit.    Madam Speaker, the gentleman from Oklahoma talked about  timely assistance for his State. I think that is important because that  is what we are asking for for Puerto Rico here today.   We talked about the $42 billion for hurricanes. We all know that less  than  [[Page H961]]  half that money has still gotten to the island already, and we are  talking now about earthquakes, a totally different disaster in the  southwestern portions of the island, unique in character.   These funds may not even cover some of these other issues happening.  When you look at the schools, in particular, that are all across the  island, this is unique because they were made to withstand hurricanes,  not earthquakes.   I agree, if we need more funds, we can always supplement with another  bill. Why are we waiting? Why would we wait today when the people of  Puerto Rico, our fellow Americans, need our help?   That is why we are here today. Imagine a thousand earthquakes since  December and imagine those thousand earthquakes happening after  Hurricane Maria--nearly a hurricane five--hits and destroys most of  your island.   My guest was Jessica Carrillo who left the island and had to come to  central Florida because she was weary from sleeping in her car or  sleeping on her porch, day in and day out for over a month.   I had the opportunity to go firsthand to Puerto Rico and see that  damage as the grounds shifted below our feet. We talked about the  schools. We talked about the folks who were in the disaster relief  camps, and the Costa Sur Power Plant, which is closed, that now puts  them in a tough position.   So I ask: Let's put together and pass this bill that will provide  $4.67 billion in disaster relief and vote against the motion to  recommit because we can't wait any longer.   I ask you to vote ``yes'' on the ultimate package, to rise above the  politics of disaster relief because but for the grace of God go you and  your families, your districts, and your States.   We rose together for Hurricane Michael in my State of Florida and for  Hurricane Harvey in Texas.   I ask this House to get the job done here today. Vote ``no'' on the  motion to recommit and vote ``yes'' on this very good bill to help  Americans in Puerto Rico.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   