 Madam Chair, I thank my colleague for  yielding, and I am pleased to rise in strong support of this  supplemental appropriation.   This bill provides $4.7 billion for disaster assistance, including  $3.3 billion for HUD's Community Development Block Grant program and  $1.25 billion for emergency highway repairs. This funding will provide  substantial help to the people of Puerto Rico, where devastating  earthquakes have compounded earlier damage from Hurricanes Maria and  Irma, as well as other States and territories still recovering from  major disasters.   I would remind colleagues that CDBG money from earlier disasters  cannot be used for earthquake relief. We need this bill.   The bill also provides targeted resources for Puerto Rico's school  system, as well as nutrition assistance and tax relief for low-income  families and small businesses.   When it comes to disaster relief, we should be putting politics  aside. There should be widespread consensus that the Federal Government  should be there as an active partner in the recovery effort.   Unfortunately, for far too long, the Trump administration has erected  arbitrary barriers that have hindered Puerto Rico's recovery. They have  contributed to desperate conditions to many places on the island.   For example, HUD refused to provide more than $16 billion in already  appropriated recovery funds for nearly 700 days. HUD officials admitted  during a hearing before our subcommittee that they willingly ignored a  statutory deadline requiring them to move forward.   Now, HUD is imposing special grant conditions and other requirements  on Puerto Rico, which will slow down the recovery effort even further.   While the island has clearly been singled out for disparate  treatment, numerous States from Florida to Texas to my home State of  North Carolina have also waited longer than they should for HUD to  publish Federal Register notices governing the use of disaster recovery  funds.   This bill responds to the unacceptable administrative delays by  including new accountability measures, new deadlines--actually, not so  new deadlines; they were included in legislation already passed by this  body--deadlines requiring HUD to publish notices, review and approve  action plans, and sign grant agreements within a fixed timeframe. Those  provisions were included in the bipartisan Reforming Disaster Recovery  Act, which passed the House back in November, but unfortunately, like  so much else, it is still languishing in the Senate.   Madam Chairman, enough is enough. We must provide the vital  assistance to Puerto Rico and other communities that are struggling to  recover, and we need to send a signal to the administration that  Congress, not the White House, holds the power of the purse.   I urge all my colleagues to support this emergency disaster  supplemental.    Madam Chairman, I rise in support of  this amendment.   I know the amendment doesn't fully address the Member's concerns, but  it addresses them substantially, and I look forward to working with  them further to engage both HUD and the Texas Land Office to work  toward a solution for this issue.   So I thank both of my colleagues for putting this constructive  amendment forward, and their effort to highlight this issue that is of  great importance. I am happy to offer my support.    Madam Chair, I thank my colleague for  yielding.   I am happy to rise in support of this amendment. It is a very well- considered amendment, one that is an important addition to this bill.   Access to linguistically appropriate materials, understandable  materials, in the CDBG-DR program is vitally important. Meaningful  access to program materials is essential for transparency, for public  input, and for knowledge on how you take advantage of these benefits  and these programs and what is available under the disaster assistance  programs.   While HUD currently requires all grantees to provide meaningful  access, this puts a finer point on it, and we need to do that. It is  important to underscore HUD's responsibility and the grantee's  responsibility to provide access in dispensing this aid.   I thank my colleagues for this amendment.    Madam Chairman, I thank my colleague for  yielding.   I am happy to rise in support of this amendment. This amendment  highlights the importance of prioritizing funding for renewable energy  projects that will enhance the long-term resilience of Puerto Rico's  infrastructure.   A reliable and resilient power grid is critical to Puerto Rico's  ability to withstand and quickly recover from future disasters.   Madam Chairwoman, if I might, I want to take just a moment also to  highlight section 304 of the bill. Section 304 requires HUD and other  Federal partners to finish the consultation on the $2 billion provided  in the Bipartisan Budget Act for electrical grid improvements in Puerto  Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands within 30 days and for HUD to issue a  notice in 60 days.   