 Mr. President, with every day that passes, the number of  COVID-19, or coronavirus, cases continues to tick up, up, and up. A  report by the World Health Organization last week noted that while it  took more than 3 months to reach 100,000 cases worldwide, it took only  12 days to hit another 100,000. It doubled in 12 days. Now we know it  took less than a week to add the next 100,000. Some of this is because  of increased access to testing--something we knew we were not ramped up  to do.   More and more people are getting tested. That is good news. Those who  have the virus can be isolated and treated, if necessary. Those who  don't have the peace of mind knowing that they do not carry the disease  and they can--by virtue of good personal hygiene and social  distancing--remain healthy.   But if we are going to have any success at slowing the trajectory of  this virus and minimizing the economic harm, the time to act is now.  The eyes of the Nation are upon us. They want to know if partisanship  can be set aside in the face of a pandemic. They want us to know that  partisanship is an indulgence we cannot afford.   If you are trying to figure out the answer, let me recap what has  happened in the Senate recently.   For weeks, our Democratic colleagues agreed that this is indeed a  crisis, that we need to act promptly and we need to shed our  partisanship because our country can't wait. I agree. Our country is in  dire need, and this is no time for politics as usual.   Indeed, this has always been our custom. This has always been our  instinct as Americans during crises like 9/11 and like the great  recession of 2008. We would have every reason to expect that in the  face of another national crisis, like the coronavirus, Democrats and  Republicans would work together, but that has not been the case.   We now need Republicans and Democrats to come together as we have in  the past to deliver on our shared priorities to support our country  during this unprecedented time.   There is, in fact, broad bipartisan agreement about the result. We  need to get relief directly from Washington to the American people as  soon as possible. We need to provide small businesses with help so they  can survive this storm and so that once the virus is defeated, they are  still around to provide jobs to people they have now had to furlough or  lay off. There seems to be broad bipartisan agreement that we need a  freeze on student loan payments to provide peace of mind to tens of  millions of borrowers. Employees who have been impacted by the virus  should get support now, and they should have jobs to come back to  later.   Over the weekend, it seemed like we were making good progress. There  had been negotiating between the parties, compromising. As of Sunday  morning, it looked like we were just about there. Then the Speaker of  the House and the minority leader of the Senate decided the crisis  should not be wasted. They claimed all of a sudden that the deal was  not good enough even though they themselves helped to write it. The  Speaker in particular played a unique role in blowing this up. After  sending the House home for a weeklong vacation, she flew back into town  at the eleventh hour and laid waste to countless hours of bipartisan  work.   When the time came for a routine procedural vote in the Senate that  would start the process of considering legislation and would have  provided us even more time to debate it, Democrats--on a party line led  by the Democratic leader--killed it dead in its tracks.   It is hard to think of an appropriate metaphor during a time like  this, but when our Nation is on fire, Democrats decided to shoot the  tires on the firetruck that was going to put out the fire. In doing so,  they fell in lockstep, in spite of the fact that many of them had  helped negotiate the bill, and they flushed every ounce of progress we  had made over the weekend down the drain.   Less than 24 hours later, we held another routine procedural vote.  Once again, Democrats, in lockstep, blocked us from even considering  this bipartisan legislation, which has their fingerprints all over it.  They claim they are still not happy with the text--or weren't at the  time, anyway. Yet that claim clearly doesn't hold water.    We continue to hear update after update with Senator Schumer saying:  A deal is close. A deal is close.   But with each hour--let alone day--that passes, the number of corona  cases is rising. The number of people dead of this virus is rising. Our  public health system is taking a beating. The minority leader's home  State of New York is among the hardest hit. They now have 25,000  confirmed cases in New York, and the number of cases doubles every 3  days. You would think the Democratic leader would have a sense of  urgency about getting help to his own constituents in New York.   If there was any doubt that our friends on the other side of the  aisle prioritize politics over the health and safety of their  constituents, let me tell you about some of the changes they were  after. The minority leader wanted to include in this legislation an  expansion of tax credits for wind and solar energy. They wanted to give  unprecedented authority to organized labor and to address fuel emission  standards for airlines--none of which is relevant to the immediate  crisis that is at hand.   While these are normal topics that we would debate and vote on during  normal times, they are not the sort of things that ought to occupy 1  minute of our time during this crisis. While doctors and nurses have  bruises on their faces from wearing masks and goggles for 12-plus hours  a day, this sideshow should not be part of the minority leader's  priorities.   Clearly, his goal was not to make the legislation better for  healthcare professionals or the millions of workers who lost their  jobs. He is trying to use this national emergency as an opportunity to  enact dramatic liberal policy reforms that have nothing to do with this  crisis. People are dying. Hospitals are overwhelmed. Small businesses  have closed their doors, and workers have lost their jobs. The American  people do not have time for his games. This virus is spreading at an  exponential rate, and we can't afford to waste time fighting one  another over these sorts of irrelevant partisan sideshows.   I know under normal circumstances this kind of gamesmanship is part  of the process, but now, in the face of this crisis, it is absolutely  unconscionable. It is reckless and irresponsible.   A pandemic has swept across the country with alarming speed. Our  hospitals are in need of personal protective equipment, businesses have  shut their doors, employees have been laid off, and people across the  country wonder just how long they can survive at this pace.   The bill we had last Sunday would have taken major steps to support  our country during this crisis. It would have sent desperately needed  funding to the hospitals that are struggling to manage a new influx of  patients and helped fight the shortage of masks and other personal  protective equipment. It would have provided direct financial  assistance for middle-class families. A family of four would have  received up to $3,400 to help cover rent, groceries, electric bills,  and other expenses in the  [[Page S1989]]  interim between being laid off and being able to qualify for  unemployment compensation. We would have provided them a lifeline, and  we still need to do it, and we need to do it now.   This legislation, which we could have passed 2 days ago, would have  delivered relief for small businesses that are struggling to stay  afloat and ensured that their employees impacted by this coronavirus  would be taken care of. What is more, those small businesses need to be  able to continue to exist so that when we defeat this virus, people  will actually have jobs to go back to.   But our Democratic colleagues said that wasn't good enough. They  chose to put their partisan political agenda ahead of the health and  safety of the American people. So here we are with no end in sight. We  keep reading reports from the minority leader and others saying: Well,  the bill is on the 2-yard line. Well, you can have the distance and  still never get across the goal.   Yesterday, House Democrats released their own coronavirus package,  which is really amazing in the face of this bipartisan-negotiated bill.  Speaker Pelosi parachutes back into town after a weeklong vacation and  drops an 1,100-page piece of a bill which includes a host of proposals  that have absolutely nothing to do with solving this crisis. As I  mentioned, this includes emissions mandates for airlines, tens of  millions of dollars for the John F. Kennedy Center for Performing Arts,  and early-voting and vote-by-mail requirements for every State across  the country. This isn't a sincere effort to support our healthcare  providers, workers, and small businesses; it is a naked attempt to use  a public health emergency as a smoke screen for their radical agenda.   Democrats' priority simply isn't solving the healthcare and economic  crisis we are dealing with today. It is not. If it were, Senate  Democrats would not have voted against a bipartisan relief bill two  times already. And now House Democrats are flaunting a bill that does  more to advance their agenda and does not solve the crisis at hand. We  don't have time for more liberal virtue signaling. We need to act and  act now.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   