 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Ohio  (Mr. Chabot) for his hard work; and I thank the chairwoman, as well,  for working together in a bipartisan manner.   But most importantly, I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Roy), my  friend, for working together, for identifying the problems with the  Paycheck Protection Program, in helping to perfect this program that is  an incredible lifeline to small businesses and, importantly, Mr.  Speaker, to the employees.   Millions and millions of businesses, billions of dollars in loans in  a program that didn't even exist. Within 1 week, they stood this  program up, and within 2 weeks, Mr. Speaker, handed out more money than  the SBA had done over the previous 14 years. It is absolutely  remarkable what Treasury and SBA have done with this program.   And, as I said, the work that Mr. Roy and Mr. Phillips have done to  come together on a bipartisan basis to help to fix, to provide  flexibility to businesses, to give them more time, to give them more  flexibility on the use of funds, to ensure that these businesses aren't  just open for 8 weeks but are truly sustainable businesses that can  continue providing employment to millions and millions of Americans for  years to come.   Now, Mr. Speaker, I want to pivot. The other legislation, the TRUTH  Act, Mr. Speaker, looking at the comparison of numbers, here we are  giving out billions of dollars and millions of loans, looking at the  Economic Injury Disaster Loan Program, the EIDL loan program. This  program is a complete disaster itself. The program is not getting money  out the door. Whoever is running this program needs to be replaced.   Look at the statistics. They brought in an outside contractor to do  the advances. The advances are taking off, but the loans, themselves,  are not. We are not offering operating expenses and other needed loans  to these small businesses.   This bill doesn't fix a single problem that is out there that is  delaying, that is preventing this program from actually providing  operating expense assistance to these small businesses.   Mr. Speaker, this bill is a complete whiff. I urge that we pull back  the TRUTH Act. Rescind it. Let's sit back down again and work together  on a bipartisan basis, as we have done on this bill, on the PPP Flex  bill, and provide true solutions to where the Economic Injury Disaster  Loan Program can help these small businesses, can truly provide a hand  up.   Mr. Speaker, I urge rejection of that bill.   