 Mr. President, I rise today to address the nationwide  call for reasonable, sensible police reforms. Last month, the American  people watched in horror as a police officer kneeled down on the neck  of George Floyd for 8 minutes and 46 seconds, killing him.   ``I can't breathe.'' It was a slow execution caught on video, a  metaphor for the systematic racism and injustices Black and Brown  communities endure every day. But unlike other horrific videos of  police killings that have sparked protests, this feels different. This  is a moment when people of all races and walks of life have taken to  [[Page S3153]]  the streets in cities and communities across the country. They are  crying out: Enough is enough.   It is time for us to address the institutional racism, economic,  societal, and environmental inequities and injustice that have plagued  this Nation since its founding. The American people are demanding real,  meaningful change--bold, comprehensive action that starts by reforming  our police system that has historically dealt a heavier hand toward  communities of color.   What did the Republican majority do to answer the public's plea? They  have offered the American people the JUSTICE Act. They call it justice,  but justice for whom? This bill fails to meet this moment in history  before us. It offers only lip service to the families of George Floyd  and Breonna Taylor and Tamir Rice and Eric Garner and all of those  tragically lost at the hands of the police.   The Republican JUSTICE Act is nothing more than a glorified  suggestion box filled with half measures and placations that sound good  on paper but simply will not deliver the real change the American  people are demanding from this body. There is no justice in the JUSTICE  Act; rather, it is a wholly inadequate response to the injustices faced  by Black and Brown communities at the hands of the police. It merely  asks, suggests, recommends, and encourages. It says to law enforcement:  Hey, would you mind? Could you kindly? Do you think you might be able?   Nowhere in this bill does it compel, require, mandate, or insist upon  the commonsense structural reforms the American people are demanding.  The JUSTICE Act calls for reports and a commission, but we have had 400  years to study the stain of slavery and institutional racism in this  country. We don't need a study to tell us that too many young Black men  are dying at the hands of the police or that you are more likely to be  shot and killed by the police if you are Black than White. A commission  will not save the life of the next George Floyd.   My Republican colleagues may think that the American people will  praise them for passing an empty bill named ``JUSTICE'' that does no  justice to the deep-seated, systemic failures in our policing system.  They are mistaken.   Indeed, I would encourage my Republican colleagues to consider the  Justice in Policing Act, led by Senators Booker and Harris, which I am  proud to cosponsor. It requires a comprehensive set of reforms designed  to increase police accountability, improve transparency, and invest in  training. The Justice in Policing Act bans no-knock warrants in drug  cases, the kind that led to Breonna Taylor's death. It establishes a  national public registry on police misconduct so that the bad actors  who make it harder for the good cops to do their jobs can't just move  from department to department. Our bill requires data collection and  publication on the use of force. The Republican bill does none of those  things. While the Justice in Policing Act bans deadly choke holds and  other tactics that restrict blood flow to the brain, the Republican  bill stops short of any such ban.   The JUSTICE Act is also silent on racial profiling and the  militarization of local police departments. It is silent on funding  independent investigative channels to prosecute police misconduct and  fails to strengthen pattern and practice investigations. It fails to  establish national standards for police misconduct. While it would  provide additional money to law enforcement, it does so without  actually requiring any substantive change, so it fails us. The JUSTICE  Act fails to create a system of policing that is about community safety  and equal application of the law.   So, again, I ask my friends on the other side of the aisle: Where is  the actual justice? Where is the justice for Breonna Taylor, George  Floyd? Where is the justice for those murders that were not captured on  video? Where is the justice for thousands of Black men sitting in  prison, victims of overpolicing and racial profiling?   Senator McConnell would have us think that the JUSTICE Act is our  only option, that if we don't acquiesce to these half measures, then we  don't really want reform. That is simply not true.   It seems to me that the Republicans and the President don't want real  reform. They want window dressing and fresh paint instead of fixing the  very foundation on which our policing system stands. They want to say  that they did something without actually doing anything meaningful.  They want to blame Democrats for holding out for real justice and  refusing to play these political games with people's lives.   The House is going to pass the Justice in Policing Act on Thursday. I  urge Senator McConnell to take up that bill so that we can have the  meaningful conversation on police reform our constituents and the  Nation are demanding.   We know that reform can work. Camden, NJ, offers us concrete evidence  about what we can accomplish when we get serious about making real  changes. With one of the highest murder rates in the Nation, excessive  force complaints were dramatically reduced, both in terms of homicides  and excessive force issues.   So before I close, let me make perfectly clear the profound respect  that I have for the men and women in law enforcement. Policing is a  very tough job, and the vast majority of officers go out and perform  their jobs every day with dignity and professionalism and care for the  people in the communities in which they serve. I am deeply grateful for  their service throughout the State of New Jersey and, indeed,  throughout the Nation. These officers, who do their jobs with dignity  and respect for the people they serve, share our demands for real  change. In fact, in Camden itself, a White chief of police joined with  hundreds of protesters who were marching for change.   Across the country, tens of thousands of Americans did not brave a  pandemic and endure being shot at with rubber bullets and tear gas just  so that Congress could create another commission and mandate another  report. They demand that their elected officials in Washington meet  this moment in history and actually do something that lives up to the  American promise of a nation where every man and woman, regardless of  their race, ethnicity, gender, or orientation, is treated equally-- equally under the law.   I will just close by saying that the Nation will rue the day it  answered the call for reform with business as usual. There will be a  rude awakening. Who among us--who among us, if this were our daily  experience, would be satisfied with the counsels of patience and delay?  Who among us?   The American people are calling for real justice. We should listen.  We should act, and we should deliver real justice.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   