 Mr. President, today is the second time in the last 2 years  that  [[Page S3006]]  I have had the opportunity to join the Senator from Alabama, coming  together with a bipartisan group of Senators to read Dr. King's letter  from the Birmingham jail.   I want to thank the Senator from Alabama for his leadership and  bringing this group together. I have read that letter many times  before, but I had never read it out loud. I had never heard the words  spoken, much less heard them spoken in this historic Chamber.   I think today is a time when every American should listen to those  words. Today is a time that every American should look back at the  incredible call to justice that Dr. King gave us.   This is a time where our Nation is grieving. This is a time where  there is anger, division, rage. This is a time where our country is  divided on racial lines in a way it hasn't been in a long, long time.  This is a time where we need to hear a call to unity--a call to unity  and a call to justice. Dr. King's call was powerful for both, for unity  and for justice.   I would like to just briefly make three observations about this  historic letter. The first is that this was a letter from a pastor  written to pastors. We refer to Dr. King as ``Dr. King,'' and it is  easy to forget that he was also Reverend King. He was a Christian  minister who preached the Gospel.   The very first words of this letter are ``My Dear Fellow Clergymen.''  That is to whom this was addressed, the leaders in the church, where he  had a message of get off your rear ends and stand for justice.   If you are a person of faith, then, justice, defeating racial  discrimination, defeating bigotry is not just a matter of truth, but it  is a matter of morality.   Here is what Dr. King said about it in the opening paragraphs of the  letter: ``I am in Birmingham because injustice is here.''   Understand how much this was a call to church leaders. He says:  ``Just as the prophets of the eighth century B.C. left their villages  and carried''. . . . their message. . . . ``just as the Apostle Paul  left his village of Tarsus and carried the gospel of Jesus Christ to  the far corners of the Greco Roman world, so am I compelled to carry  the gospel of freedom beyond my own home town.''   At a time when our Nation is grieving, is in anguish, is in anger, is  in division, Dr. King's--Reverend King's--message to church leaders to  stand up for justice, to stand up for truth resonates clear as a bell  today.   As a second observation, Dr. King, in this letter and throughout his  ministry, throughout his public leadership, called over and over and  over to resist violence. Against the voices of those who agreed with  him about the injustices, he was calling out where he said violence is  not the way.   As we have seen rioting in our cities, as we have seen small  businesses burned to the ground, as we have seen police officers  assaulted and wounded and murdered in violent and angry protests and  riots and looting, the words of Dr. King calling out to resist violence  and to speak for justice--those words--should be heard by all of us.   A third observation, in calling for justice, Dr. King appealed to our  founding principles. There are some, particularly young people, today,  who are angry, who are being peddled, I think, what is a bill of  goods--a lie--that America is fundamentally unjust, that it is an evil  society built upon racism.   That is simply not true. Is there evil in the world? Yes. Is there  racism in the world? Yes. Is there oppression in the world? Yes. Is all  of that present in the United States? Absolutely.   But Dr. King, in this letter, didn't endeavor to tear down the  foundations of our Nation. Instead, he made an explicit appeal that the  promises this Nation was founded upon--the promises of freedom, the  promises of equality--we have not yet fully achieved that, but we can.   That is the beauty of this American experiment. We are a nation  founded on the proposition that all men are created equal, even though  our history has been troubled in achieving that objective.   So I thank my colleagues, both Republicans and Democrats, who came  today to reread this letter. We need to hear these words. We need to  hear this message. We need to stand for justice and stand for unity.   I yield the floor.   