 Mr. Speaker, I stand today in support of the updated Heroes  Act.   The previous gentleman was dismissive of the idea that there is some  import to this moment in terms of getting a package done.   So that means expanding unemployment insurance? That is not  important, unemployment insurance that we might consider now which is  part of the need of the American family?   A reminder: There are 26 million Americans right now collecting  unemployment insurance.   Let me put this in terms of what an economist might say. If we don't  expand unemployment insurance and keep the $600 supplement, the  challenges that people are going to have in terms of daily sustenance  for food, paying the rent, and paying their utility bills is going to  mean, eventually, that the landlord can't collect rents that then,  subsequently, are used to pay for property taxes and mortgage payments,  which means then that they can't make their payments to the credit  unions or community bankers,  [[Page H5420]]  which, overwhelmingly, are the custodians of America's origination in  terms of the mortgage markets.   So maybe we, as two parties, might agree on the following: If you  don't defeat the virus, Mr. Speaker, you are never going to expedite  economic recovery. That is the real argument in front of this Chamber  at this moment.   Mr. Speaker, 200,000 Americans--actually, about 205,000 Americans as  of today--have died from the pandemic. Every one of us at home are  hearing the desperation of our constituents.   Let me submit this as well: When the CARES Act came before this  House, only five Members of this institution voted against the CARES  Act.   Mr. Speaker, do you know what else we can all agree on? The CARES Act  saved the American economy. You hear that at home from conservatives,  liberals, moderates, Republicans, and Democrats. They all rally around  that theme.   The number of people who are still out of work is astounding. Family  members are sick, they are having trouble paying for food, and  Republicans suggest somehow you can handle this on your own?   This is about the national principle. We all come to the aid of the  American family at moments like this. We don't ask if you are a  Democrat or a Republican, from a red State or a blue State, or how you  voted in the last Presidential election. We say that is the family, and  we have to take care of them. They are looking to this institution  today to help them survive this pandemic.   The economic challenges that we have are not about corruption, and it  is not about economic malfeasance. It is about the reality that the  world is confronting the worst pandemic since 1918. The American people  are looking to us for leadership, and House Democrats have stepped up  to the plate.   Just think of it. May 15 we passed the Heroes Act. So when the other  side says things like, ``Well, if we just do something in a bipartisan  fashion,'' what, through this intervening period of time, did they  offer? Not much.   We have taken the affirmative position here. The American people need  help. The idea of the stimulus checks was, as I noted a moment ago, not  just to provide sustenance, but most economists would say, well, also  to help create simultaneous demand. The speed with which we moved these  payments along was extraordinary, even by contrast to how the  institution usually responds.   How about the jarring testimony of the Chairman of the Federal  Reserve Board last week about what this economy needs? How unsettling  was it to hear the testimony from the Fed about what we should be  doing?   I am really proud of the role the Ways and Means Committee played in  developing the legislation and unemployment insurance.   How about expanding the retention tax credit? Everybody on the other  side of the aisle supports expanding the retention tax credit, but that  will get in the way of the eventual vote here later on this evening  because somehow it doesn't square with their philosophic beliefs.   This moment calls for leadership, and the chaos that this country has  exhibited as it relates to defeating the virus leaves a good deal to be  desired. Leadership doesn't mean telling suffering Americans it is what  it is. This is about the American family. Our frontline workers need us  now more than ever.    Every person in this Nation right now needs us more than  ever. This is a crisis unlike any we have faced in our lifetimes. It  calls for real solutions, and it puts the American family first.   We need to get this done for the American people. Vote for this  legislation. It is a good piece of constructive work on behalf of the  American people.   