 Madam President, I want to thank Senator Thune for his  very pertinent and cogent remarks. This is an important time to make a  decision that affects all farmers and ranchers and growers all across  our country during a time in which we are going through some very  difficult times--weather and everything else that you can imagine.   I see Senator Ernst over there, who will be following me, I am  assuming.   I want to thank Senator Hoeven for reserving this time, as other  members of the Agricultural Committee come and speak on an issue that  we shouldn't really be having an issue.   As I said, I rise to engage in a colloquy on the importance of  providing certainty and predictability. Those were the watch words we  used when we passed the farm bill. To our Nation's farmers, ranchers,  and growers, by replenishing the Commodity Credit Corporation, there  should not be an issue.   First, I would like to thank Senator Hoeven, who has just arrived on  the floor, for his leadership and speaking to this issue, and other  Senators for their commitment to agriculture in their respective States  and across the country. No matter what they grow or where they live,  farmers, ranchers, and growers have done their part to ensure the U.S.  food, fiber, and fuel supply continues without disruption during these  unprecedented times.   I think everybody is familiar with the situation. Every 5 years,  Congress passes legislation that sets the national agriculture,  nutrition, conservation, and forestry policy--commonly referred to as  the farm bill. That is our commitment, and we did that. These are for  the folks on the frontlines, in the fields, caring for livestock,  managing the lands day in and day out, despite all the weather problems  we are having today.   As chairman of this committee--the Senate Agriculture, Nutrition, and  Forestry Committee--we were successful in passing the 2018 farm bill in  a bipartisan manner. Everybody says: Oh, we have to work together to  get back to where we were bipartisan. We were. Eighty-seven Members in  this Chamber voted in favor of this legislation.   That vote demonstrated that the 2018 farm bill did provide much  certainty and predictability to all farmers and ranchers across all  regions and all crops. However, it is no secret that times continue to  remain tough in farm country. Farmers and ranchers continue to  experience low commodity prices, a global pandemic, natural disasters,  and the effects of retaliatory tariffs. That is a terrible combination.   The 2018 farm bill does provide essential programs to producers that  allow them to mitigate some of the risks--some of the risks--that are  outside their control. Many of these programs are implemented through  the authority  [[Page S5685]]  and the annual funding Congress provides to Commodity Credit  Corporation, or the CCC   I want to stress to my colleagues that now is not the time for  partisan gamesmanship. If Congress does not replenish the CCC, it could  significantly harm or even halt these important programs. I can't  imagine doing that. Farmers, ranchers, and others in farm country are  counting on us to do our job. In fact, we have heard loud and clear  from over 40 different organizations representing farmers, ranchers,  and other rural stakeholders across the country that the CCC must be  reimbursed before the end of the fiscal year.   I want to say this and make this emphatically clear: Failure to do so  would result in delays of the 2018 farm bill programs. We are talking  about other programs because of COVID-19 and the pandemic and all of  that. But even during a global pandemic, U.S. farmers and ranchers  continue to hold up their end of the bargain by producing their crops  for the world's safest, most affordable food supply. The least we can  do is to ensure that the 2018 farm bill--the piece of legislation that  received 87 votes in this body right here in the Senate--continues to  be fully implemented, on time, and without delay.   I hope that we can reach a bipartisan agreement. This business of at  least holding up the CCC funds--I understand what people have with  regard to their own top things that they want to get accomplished, but  holding up the CCC is not an answer.   I look forward to working with my Senate colleagues in a bipartisan  way to ensure that we provide farmers and ranchers with certainty and  predictability from the 2018 farm bill.   I thank the distinguished Senator, Mr. Hoeven, for asking for this  time.   I yield the floor.   