 Madam President, I am here to talk about who runs  America--the big tech giants or the American people? I am here to talk  about the big tech oligarchs' attempts to install themselves as the de  facto ruling class of this country, to usurp the power of the people,  and I am here to talk about what we can do about it.   For years, the tech giants--Google, Facebook, Twitter--they have  spied on us without our knowledge; they have taken our private  information without our consent; and they have used all of it to  manipulate us and turn massive profits in which the American people  have had no share. That is their business model. It is like the strip  mining of America.   But now, not content with exploiting and extracting, the tech  monopolies want to control our news and opinions, and they want to  intervene in a Presidential election   For the better part of a week, the tech giants have been actively  suppressing the reporting of Alexander Hamilton's newspaper, the New  York Post. And why? Well, because they don't like the story and they  don't want people to read it and they are willing to use their power to  stop the distribution of a story written by the free press in this  country.   Now this isn't about Hunter Biden's emails, though those are  important, and we deserve to know whether Hunter Biden was giving his  father kickbacks on payments from foreign oligarchs in exchange for  changes to American foreign policy.   But this is about something even more than that. This is about  whether a small handful of corporate executives--Mark Zuckerberg, Jack  Dorsey, Sergey Brin, and Larry Page--whether they get to decide who is  allowed to see what; which newspapers are allowed to break the big  stories and which ones are censored; which political party will get bad  news suppressed at the height of the election season and which one will  get it amplified. And most important, it is about you. It is about what  normal, everyday Americans get to see. It is about what you get to say.  It is about the news you read in your news feeds and the content that  comes to you in your notifications and your video playlist because,  yes, the tech companies control all of those things, and they use them  to try to shape what you are thinking--even how you are feeling. Oh,  yes, they have run experiments on all of that. They have run  experiments on how to manipulate the content that they control and  deliver to you in order to manipulate your emotions and influence your  views and influence how you feel and what mood you are in, and, yes,  what Presidential candidate you favor.   It is their roller coaster, and we are all just riding on it. That is  their world. That is the world that they want. That is the America that  they want.   The struggle against the tech giants is a struggle for control. Do  the tech platforms control America or do we control them? And it is  time the U.S. Senate did something about it. This body is supposed to  represent the people of this Nation. This body is supposed to defend  the people's interests, but for too long this body has done the bidding  of Big Tech. It has given tech lavish government handouts and then  looked the other way while tech captured one government agency after  another.   Do you know a recent news report found that the FTC, the body in  charge of enforcing--supposedly--much of our antitrust law and our  competition law, that two-thirds of the FTC's employees have conflicts  of interest related to tech? That is good old-fashioned government  capture by Big Business, by  [[Page S6358]]  the megacorporations, and that is exactly what has been going on in  Washington for years right under the nose of the U.S. Senate.   And if we are being honest, it is really no surprise. Tech has spent  outrageous sums of money--outrageous sums of money--to purchase  influence in the Capitol of the United States. It is time for those  days to end. This body must act in defense of the American people, and  we can.   We can tear down the main pillars of Big Tech's power. We don't have  to tolerate their monopolies. We don't have to accept their  stranglehold over speech and our data and our news and our personal  information and our social communications. We can force them to change  the way they do business rather than allowing them to force us to  change how we think.   We can ban manipulative ads, and we should. We can repeal the  immunity shield. We can crack down on addictive platform design. And I  have introduced plenty of legislation over the last 22 months to do all  of that, and I am still waiting for a vote on almost all of it. Heck, I  am still waiting for hearings on any of it.   If this body is not ready or willing to say that these platforms need  to change the essence of what they do, well, then let's at least tell  them that they cannot censor us with impunity. Let's at least make them  live up to their word when they tell us that they want open  conversation. Let's at least tell them that if they violate their  promises to us and if they censor us arbitrarily, that we can have our  day in court to fight back.   Let's at least put some power back in the hands of the American  people to fight the tech giants, and let's allow Americans to have  their day in court.   And that is why I am moving this legislation here, now, today on this  floor, to provide every American that right. We should get this done  now. There should be no further delays.   And let's haul those tech executives in to testify under oath about  what they did last week and at whose behest. Let's get binding  commitments from them, under penalty of perjury, about how they will do  their work in the short remaining days of this election season and  about the future of their censorship policies. Let's get the truth out  of them.    I would just say to my fellow Republicans, we are supposed to be the  opponents of concentrated power. That is what the fight against Big  Government has been about all along. So what have we been doing with  our Senate majority to fight the greatest concentration of power  Americans face today? What have we been doing to confront this great  threat to American democracy?   Let's just tell the truth. The truth is many Members of the  Republican establishment love Big Tech. They love Big Tech. The think  tanks love the money that Big Tech contributes to them. The lobbyists  love the work that they provide. It is a gravy train. The politicians  love the cheap ads that they get to run on Facebook.   Now, Washington, DC, does really well under the current arrangement-- really well. Big Tech works really well for Washington. Heck, Big Tech  owns half the town. But if you are an everyday American, if you are an  independent journalist, if you are a pro-life advocate, if you are  somebody who doesn't have the approval of Big Tech, if you are somebody  who doesn't have an inside track to the good graces of the tech giants,  well, the message to you is really simple: Do what tech tells you to do  or they will silence you.   No corporation should run America, and definitely not Big Tech. We  have squandered precious time already. The tech giants have been  allowed to grow too powerful, too big. Now we must act while we still  have time remaining and stand up and be counted before it is too late.   Madam President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous  consent that the Committee on Commerce be discharged from further  consideration of S. 3983 and the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read  a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, I would agree that it is a problem that  we can't get hearings or votes on serious tech legislation. That is a  problem.   The Senator makes my point. That is exactly the problem, and that is  exactly what one gets from Big Tech's significant investment in the  U.S. Capitol. They are getting exactly what they paid for   I would also say to my Democratic friends that you can't separate Big  Tech's control of information and of the news and love it when they  agree with you and condemn it when they don't.   I don't want to influence the platforms. I want to break them up. I  don't want to influence how they use their power. I don't want them to  have the power. I don't want them to agree with me. I don't want to  influence or shape their views. I want them to stop trying to  manipulate the American people. That should be the goal.   The goal is not to compromise their power. The goal is not to say:  Hey, how about Big Government and Big Tech get together? We have had  too much of that already. The goal should be to put a stop to their  power and control, because the American people are supposed to be the  sovereigns of this democracy, not Big Tech.  [[Page S6359]]    I say again to my liberal friends and to those on the conservative  side of the ledger, as well: If you are not willing to challenge tech's  control over news and over information and over communication and over  messaging and over journalism, then, I don't think you have yet  reckoned with the truly dangerous threat that these companies pose to  the functioning of American democracy, and I don't think you have yet  reckoned with the threat we are facing to the basic control of ``We the  people.''   For my part, I will not stop. I will continue to come to this floor  as often as necessary. I will continue to raise my voice and make a  nuisance of myself as often and as firmly as necessary until this body  acts and until the American people are given back control of their  democracy, their information, and their lives.   I yield the floor.   