 Madam Speaker, it is good to see a Coloradan in the  chair. I rise today in support of the rule, the HEROES Act, and H. Res.  965.   Madam Speaker, I want to start by thanking Chairman McGovern for his  leadership and his vision through this Congress and especially these  last difficult months.   COVID-19 has affected every corner of our country and the world. The  impact of the virus and the blow to our economy is massive, and  Congress must act with force and speed.   While some of my colleagues may argue that we are spending too much  money, these packages are a fraction of the losses we have suffered in  this country and around the world. I am proud the HEROES Act includes a  provision I introduced with Representative  Joe Morelle to provide $500  billion for States to help them to respond to the crisis and to avoid  harmful cuts to law enforcement, firefighters, teachers, healthcare,  and others at a time when we can least afford it.   The HEROES Act also includes a $375 billion provision from fellow  Coloradan   Joe Neguse for local, county, and municipal governments so  they can maintain critical services.   Another provision that I worked on is the inclusion of the bipartisan  SAFE Banking Act to provide legitimate cannabis businesses that are  legal under State laws access to the banking system. The bill passed  this body last fall with 321 votes, including 91 Republicans. Cannabis  businesses across the country have been deemed as essential during this  pandemic, and these businesses and their estimated 243,000 employees  deserve equity with other legal businesses.   The SAFE Banking Act would also address the increased health risk of  spreading COVID-19 on banknotes and coins, as well as the increased  public safety risk associated with this cash-only industry. At a  critical time, SAFE Banking will help protect jobs and encourage  lending in our communities.   Madam Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support the HEROES Act,  and I also encourage them to vote for  [[Page H2016]]  H. Res. 965. We had a spirited debate on this yesterday in the Rules  Committee, and the fact is that we cannot let Congress come to a  grinding halt, which is what I think some of my Republican colleagues  would like to have us do. I believe it is legislative malpractice if we  don't allow for remote voting during this pandemic.   Mr. McGovern has acknowledged this is a first step, and I hope we  continue discussions and eventually work on a permanent change to the  House rules to ensure Congress operates with speed through future  emergencies.   