 Mr. President, I see nobody within 15 or 20 feet of me, so  I will take the mask off, and I appreciate the fact the distinguished  Presiding Officer recognized who it was even with the mask.   I have a couple of things that concern me. I was going through the  history and looking at transitions between Presidents. I was struck  by--even Presidents who did not like their successor--how hard they  worked to make sure that everything was done properly for the good of  the country. No matter how they might feel about themselves personally,  they set the country first and foremost. I contrast that with what is  happening now.   Former Vice President, former U.S. Senator--I served with him--Joe  Biden, got the most votes of any Democratic nominee for President in  the history of this country--millions more than what President Trump  got. He has an insurmountable lead in certified electoral votes. Yet  the President, for weeks, refused even to carry out the law that we all  voted for--Republicans and Democrats alike--to provide for transition  whenever there is a transition, a law that was used quickly when  President Trump was elected. Even though Hillary Clinton had millions  more votes than he did, she conceded the election, and within a day,  the transition began.   The idea is, whoever is President must know what is going on.  Certainly, the distinguished Presiding Officer, like all of us, has  access to and gets intelligence briefings on what is happening around  the world. I think it discloses nothing to say we live in perilous  times, and there are decisions any President must make, even if it is 5  minutes after they are inaugurated, as was the potential when President  Obama was inaugurated the first time. He actually had talking points to  alert people to clear the malls in case there was an attack.   Instead, today is only the first day that President-Elect Biden is  getting the Presidential briefing. Vice President-Elect Kamala Harris,  of course, has the advantage as a member of the Senate Intelligence  Committee to have a lot of that material anyway, but now they both do.   But we look so foolish in the eyes of the rest of the world. We  lecture dictatorships when they have rigged an election so they can  stay. We lecture them for doing that. We lecture those people who  refuse to give up their office. Yet now they see the United States, the  leading democratic country in the world, the country that always  espouses democracy, saying: Well, we are not going to follow our  Constitution. We are not going to follow our laws. We will allow a lot  of tweets from the incumbent, but we are not going to follow our law.   What kind of example is that?   Then the President does even worse by saying: Well, I am getting  these calls from all these world leaders saying to stick it out. But,  of course, when asked ``Well, who were they?'' suddenly he can't seem  to remember who it was who called--if there were any such calls; I  suspect there weren't.   Let's stop the charade. Let's make more of an effort to have a smooth  transition. There are enough things that face this country. We should  not have, for the first time in our history, this kind of foolishness.   I applaud those few members of the Republican Party who have been  honest enough to say: It is over. We know it is over.   I think when you go back in history, when Richard Nixon faced  impeachment and ultimate conviction here in the Senate, some of the  most respected Republican Senators went down to see him quietly--people  like Hugh Scott, the Republican leader, whom I got to know well, and  Barry Goldwater, ``Mr. Conservative,'' whom I got to know well. They  went down--not with any happiness in doing this, as one of them told me  subsequently there was actually sorrow in their hearts--to tell the  President he had to leave; the time had come.   The President did, and the Republicans and Democrats came together to  help install the next President, Jerry Ford, and the next Vice  President, Nelson Rockefeller. The two of them became the first  President and Vice President never to have been elected. Jerry Ford and  Nelson Rockefeller were the first President and Vice President never to  be elected but to be appointed. That was about the time I came to the  Senate.   I remember hearing Republicans and Democrats alike saying: We might  not like to say what happened, but we knew the government had to keep  going, and we had to show credibility to the rest of the world. So long  as we pretend that we have a Presidency by tweet, we don't show that  integrity to the rest of the world.   I was there for the inauguration of President Trump. Even though I  had a different candidate and voted for her, Secretary and former  Senator Hillary Clinton, I was there--as was Secretary Clinton and her  husband, former President Clinton, and outgoing President Obama and  outgoing Vice President Biden--to show the world that we have  continuity. Even though there is a vast difference of opinion, we have  continuity.   That is not the image we are showing now. With everything that is  happening, whether it is in Iran or, economically, with Brexit and the  United Kingdom or a COVID epidemic around the world, we, the United  States of America, should show unity, at least under our Constitution.   Of course, Republicans should be supporting Republicans and, of  course, Democrats should be supporting Democrats. But the one thing we  should all be supportive of is our Constitution and our laws.   We stand down there--the proudest moments of my life were standing  down here and taking my oath to uphold the Constitution as United  States Senator, just as I did when I became President pro tempore. I  did it to uphold the Constitution of the United States, not the  Constitution of the Democratic Party, not the Constitution of the  Republican Party, but the Constitution of the United States of America.   Let's get on with the transition. Let's make America strong again.  Let's do what is necessary to be done to fight this COVID epidemic.   In that regard, we have two matters that should be the most important  matters before us. One is getting an omnibus because, after all, in a  couple of weeks, funding for the United States of America will run out,  and we don't want to have one of those foolish shutdowns that we had  before that cost the taxpayers billions and billions of dollars. Only  four of us--Senator Shelby and myself and our counterparts in the House  just down the hall--met in my office and worked out a bipartisan  resolution and passed the spending bill so that we could put the  government back in order. Ironically, it was exactly what we had  offered weeks before. For some reason the White House didn't want to  accept it, and billions of dollars of taxpayers' money were lost.   Now we have a life-or-death issue that goes beyond even the spending,  and that is COVID. The House of Representatives, back in June, I  believe it was, passed the Heroes Act to have money, equipment, and so  forth for those who are suffering because of the COVID epidemic, like  the small stores, inns, restaurants, and so forth in my  [[Page S7103]]  State, to say nothing about our hospitals that are overwhelmed.   We had money in there. The Republican leader refused to even bring  the bill up for a vote. I can't say why. The Republicans are in the  majority. Bring it up. Have four or five amendments on both sides. Have  four or five Republican amendments and four or five Democratic  amendments. Vote them up or down. What are we afraid of? Why would we  refuse to vote? If the Republican leader doesn't like the bill, instead  of blocking it and not even having a vote on it, vote it up or down.  The Republicans are in the majority. They could vote down any aid for  the States that are suffering with COVID, but vote it up or down.   I have heard some Senators say: But they are nervous. Whichever way  they vote, it might be uncomfortable back home. It might not be  politically good for them back home.   Balderdash. The fact is that we were sent here to vote. I have voted  more than any Senator in the history of this country, save one. I have  cast well over 16,000 votes. If people were to go back to those votes  and ask: ``What were you thinking on this vote in 1978 or 1986 or  1995,'' I would probably look at it and say, ``Hmm. In retrospect, I  think I probably screwed up.'' Yet I was willing to vote. I was willing  to vote.   When I was the key vote in the Armed Services Committee to stop the  war in Vietnam, I knew that our State's largest newspaper would attack  me mercilessly, and it did for months after that. It would be hard  today to find anybody who would be in favor of continuing that war in  Vietnam, but we had five votes in a row in the Armed Services  Committee, and each one failed by one vote. I was its newest member,  but I was there to vote, which is what we have to do.   I look at some of my friends on the Republican side who have joined  me on some very tough votes. I don't want to embarrass the senior  Senator from Texas, but he is on the floor. With regard to the Freedom  of Information Act, we stood up against both Republicans and Democrats  and said: No, we are standing up for the people of America, and we are  going to have votes on this so they can see what their government is  doing. That is what we have to go back to. We have to go back to the  time when we could do that.   What I would urge of the Republican leadership is to bring up a COVID  bill--a real COVID bill. Have a few amendments on both sides. Vote them  up or down. If you don't like an amendment somebody has, vote against  it. If you like it, vote for it. Let the American people at least have  some hope that we are doing something for them.   Too many businesses are going out of business. Too many families  don't know what they are going to do when the schools close. Too many  small hospitals, especially in rural areas, wonder what they are going  to do as COVID sweeps through. Let's give them some hope. Let's say to  the people: No, you are not going to be kicked out of your home. No,  you are not going to be living in your car. We will give you money to  get through this, knowing that the economy can be much stronger  afterward if you do. Certainly, it is going to be much stronger for  those in our labor force if they are still in their homes, as the jobs  open back up, than if they are homeless.   So let's do that. Let's bring it up and vote. Senator Shelby and I  have worked very, very hard on bipartisan legislation for the omnibus.  We probably have, maybe, 95 to 98 percent of it agreed on. Bring it up.  Then, on the 2 or 3 or 4 percent, bring votes up. Vote it up or vote it  down. After all, the Republicans are in the majority. If they don't  like it, vote it down, but let's get the vast bulk of it through, which  is something that both Republicans and Democrats have worked together  on. My staff has worked together with the Republicans' staff, and we  have something we can do there. So vote it up or vote it down. Let's  just vote on it.   Then let's let people leave here. Let our staffs, the people who work  in the hallway, and the people who are here on the floor go where it is  safe. I am glad to see the distinguished Presiding Officer has gotten  over his own bout of COVID. He and everybody else here who has suffered  from it have been in my prayers, but there are millions of others who  are suffering from it, and in the highest number we have ever had, they  are dying from it.   Let's get together. Let's do what the American people want. Let's do  what we were elected to do. Let's not be afraid to vote. Don't be  afraid to vote. Certainly, I may have thought long and hard about some  of those 16,000 votes I have cast, but I have never been afraid to  vote. I have never been afraid to vote.   I see my colleague and friend waiting for the chance to speak, so I  yield the floor.   