 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 6800.   A short time ago we were experiencing the greatest economic growth  our nation has ever seen, businesses expanding, record low  unemployment, more prosperity for Americans across the board. Suddenly  we find our nation thrust into a major health crisis, a pandemic caused  by a coronavirus outbreak which began in Wuhan, China. Today, we have  lost more than eighty thousand Americans from the virus and our economy  is struggling as nearly thirty million Americans have lost their jobs.   Early on we took steps as a nation, and in each state, to suspend  economic activity in order to slow the spread of the pandemic to keep  our health care system from being overwhelmed and that worked.   Hopefully many of the millions of job losses are only temporary, but  some will be permanent losses. The longer the economy stays locked up,  the more likely we are to lose these jobs permanently.   Most of the states are focusing on safely reopening in a manner that  prevents outbreaks that would overwhelm the health care systems.  Washington's focus should be on finding ways to support those efforts  so that Americans can safely return to work and get our economy working  again.   Unfortunately, the $3 trillion, 1,800-page bill before us today fails  to focus on a path for a working economy. Instead, Speaker Pelosi's  bill, written behind closed doors and with little input from the other  434 Members of Congress, perpetuates ``stay at home'' as far as the eye  can see. That is an unsustainable path. No nation ever has, or ever  will, survive unless we work toward getting Americans back to work.   Pelosi's bill provides $1 trillion dollars to bail out poorly run,  indebted states and local governments. It is fundamentally wrong to use  this pandemic as an opportunity to exploit Florida taxpayers, forcing  them to bail out New York, Detroit, Chicago, California and other  states and localities that are in debt because the politicians they  elected over decades made bad budget decisions.   At a time when millions of American workers have lost jobs this bill  provides billions of dollars in stimulus checks to illegal immigrants,  grants amnesty and lifts immigration caps. That is counterproductive  and will delay economic recovery and wage growth. This bill also  asserts federal control over states elections and overturns long- standing law preventing taxpayer funding of elective abortions. Across  its 1,800 pages are 65 references to `cannabis.'   This $3 trillion deficit spending bill does little to get Americans  back to work, assist first responders, or defeat the pandemic.  Americans want to get back to work. They want to safely open their  businesses, return to their jobs and power-up this economy. They want  their freedom. They want their lives back. And they want America to be  strong and prosperous. Washington must listen to what Americans are  saying rather than dictating from thousands of miles away. We must lead  America out of this self-induced coma and back to prosperity.   