 Mr. President, I ask unanimous to be able to complete my  remarks.    Mr. President, I rise today in support of the Mark  Menezes nomination to be Deputy Secretary of Energy.   I agree wholeheartedly with our chairwoman for Energy and Natural  Resources. We have a great working relationship, and we have a good  friendship that means more than anything to me.   But, basically, every now and then you get a person who comes before  you that you know they are there for the good of the public. They are  truly public servants, not for private service.   So this person comes across with so much expertise. That is going to  play an important role in our national defense and our energy and  economic security and our science and research and even in fighting the  ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and helping to rebuild our economy.   The Deputy Secretary plays a central role in all of these efforts,  and I believe that Mr. Menezes is up to the task.   The Deputy Secretary is the second highest ranking officer in the  Department of Energy and the Department's chief operating officer on  top of that. He is responsible for managing the Department's wide- ranging mission and a budget of over $35 billion dollars--$35-billion- dollar budget.   The DOE and its labs can also play a vital role in supporting the  scientific research and development needed to rebuild our economy.   In addition, the Department is responsible for maintaining the  Nation's nuclear weapons stockpile, overseeing the four power marketing  administrations, and ensuring our energy security and protecting the  Nation's energy sector from cyber attacks, among other things.   As the Department's second highest ranking officer and its chief  operating office, the Deputy Secretary necessarily plays a critical  role in all of these important functions.   Mr. Menezes brings an impressive background to the job. Thirty years  ago, he was counsel to our former colleague Senator John Breaux; 15  years ago, he was chief counsel to the House Energy and Commerce and  played a major role in shaping the Energy Policy Act of 2005.   He has held senior posts at the American Electric Power Company, the  Hunton and Williams law firm, and Berkshire Hathaway Energy.   Most importantly, though, for the past 3 years, he has served as the  Under Secretary of Energy. As the Under Secretary of Energy, Mr.  Menezes has shown he is up to the task and capable of handling the job  of Deputy Secretary.   I think that he truly, clearly, demonstrated his knowledge and his  firm grasp of the wide range of important issues before the Department  during the confirmation hearing, and I am happy to support his  nomination in the most bipartisan way.   