 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and thank  him for his good work on this bill.   My amendment supports the important Water Power Technologies Office  in the Department of Energy.   This office offers grants to deploy hydropower, pumped storage, and  marine energy projects and related transmission infrastructure in low- income, economically distressed, underserved, or rural communities.   Hydropower is clean and produces no emissions and uses the energy of  running water without reducing its quantity to produce electricity.   My State of Alaska has tremendous hydropower potential. While  Alaska's total energy consumption is among the 10 lowest States, its  per capita energy consumption is fourth highest in the United States  because of our small population, terrain, and geographic parameters.   Mr. Speaker, the cost of electricity in Alaska can be twice that of  the lower 48.   This increased cost of power in the residential sector has  significant economic impacts on Alaskan families.   Many communities rely on expensive diesel generation for electricity  and home heating.   This amendment offers support for hydropower projects, provides many  residents and businesses of Alaska with low-cost, renewable, clean  power.    Madam Speaker, I thank the ranking member, my good friend,  for yielding to me.   You know, the legislation we have been talking about has a lot of  good merits, but I was on the floor last week talking about the mice  that get into a good bill and destroy it by leaving residue behind. It  appears to me now that there is a rat in this bill that is leaving a  lot more behind.   I am talking about an amendment that is offered on the Pebble Mine  that hijacks due process and the scientific process that the sponsors  of this amendment claim to hold so near and dear to their hearts.   The Clean Water Act and the National Environmental Policy Act, NEPA,  are bedrock environmental statutes and they should not be preempted or  short-circuited when it is convenient for groups on either side of the  issue.   The sponsors of this amendment claim the administration is unraveling  NEPA, but it is this amendment that would stymie the process, and it is  disingenuous to want it both ways.   If groups on the other side want to indict the process, then we can  have a debate about the environmental review process in this country,  but to change the rules in the middle of the game is not fair nor  right, especially if it comes from one State to another State.   The Federal permitting process is nearing completion, and I will  respect the end result. I don't know what the result will be.   As the Congressman for all Alaska, again, I am offended--all Members  should be too--when another Congressman gets involved in my State or my  district.   That is wrong. This is the House of Representatives. It is not the  House of the Federal Government.   The House of Representatives speaks for their people, especially when  it comes to States rights.   The people of Alaska have a right to have this decided by the book  and free from interference by parties outside the State that seek to  impose their wills or philosophies on the State and the people.   So, again, Madam Speaker, I want to remind my majority leaders: Let's  stop this rat infestation. Let's keep this pure. Let's be about  appropriations. Let's keep this in mind as we go through this process.   