 Mr. President, I have learned in my time in the Senate  that if you want to get something done across the aisle, you really  need the following: You need someone on the other side who is just as  committed to working together as you are, and that Member needs to have  the trust of Members on your side of the aisle and on his own, and you  both need to be willing to set aside egos and listen and get a  realistic understanding of whether the person on the other side of the  negotiating table can reach an agreement with you that upholds your  principles without compromising his own.   Now, what I have laid out might not sound that unusual or rare, but  it is actually pretty tough to find these days. I have been very lucky  that the Senator whom we honor today on the floor--my colleague and  friend, Chairman Lamar Alexander, of Tennessee--is someone who has  managed it time and again.   I don't think anyone, least of all Senator Alexander himself, would  be surprised to hear me say that we are as likely to disagree as to  agree on many matters. I bring my Washington State values to the table,  and he brings his Tennessee values, so you can imagine how that has  gone from time to time. Yet, despite our different perspectives and our  different approaches we take to policymaking, we have also been able to  see where our values and the interests of our States and our country  converge.   We both understood that the broken No Child Left Behind law needed to  be fixed. Lamar listened to me, which I so appreciated, when I told him  we should write a bill together rather than to amend the Republican  bill that he had begun working on. With our HELP Committee members, we  were able to write and pass a new K-12 public education bill that fixed  the most broken parts of No Child Left Behind. It included Federal  guardrails so we could understand how all of our students perform. It  dedicated resources to improving the schools that needed it the most.  It also allowed for historic steps forward on early education.   We laid the groundwork together for new investments in lifesaving  biomedical innovation and research through the 21st Century Cures Act,  including the Beau Biden Cancer Moonshot.   We worked together to pass landmark legislation to boost our response  to the opioid epidemic, to strengthen our public health preparedness  programs, and to permanently fund historically Black colleges and  universities and minority-serving institutions. We not only passed each  of these bills, but we did so time and again with huge majorities from  this Senate. Now, even still, Chairman Alexander and I, along with our  colleagues in the House, are working to get legislation across the  finish line to finally ban surprise medical bills.   What I have just laid out is by no means a full list at all of  Senator Alexander's accomplishments as chairman. It doesn't even  include quite a few things he is still trying to get done as we speak.  Senator Alexander's focus on working together has helped countless  families in his home State of Tennessee, in my home State of  Washington, and nationwide.   My Democratic colleagues and I thank Chairman Alexander for the tone  and manner with which he has led the HELP Committee over the past 6  years--some of them, admittedly, rockier than others but, throughout,  guided by his steady leadership and commitment to working together.   For myself, as someone who shares the drive to not only fight for  what you believe in but also to look for common ground, I thank my  colleague from Tennessee for the many opportunities to dig in and get  to work that he has provided, for being willing to hear me and my  colleagues out again and again when necessary, and for looking so often  for common ground, for another problem we could solve, and for being  willing not just to keep talking but to keep listening as well.   Finally, I know none of this would have been possible without the  support and strength Senator Alexander has received from Honey, his  wife, and I acknowledge and thank her for her contribution as well.   Lamar, you will be thrilled to be back full time in the State you  love so much--I know that--but I and members of the HELP Committee want  you to know we are going to miss you terribly here in the Senate. Thank  you so much for all you have done.  [[Page S7153]]    