 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join my fellow  colleagues on the Select Committee on the Modernization of Congress in  support of H. Res. 756.   Over these past many months, under the incredible leadership of  Representative Kilmer and Representative Graves, the members of the  Select Committee on the Modernization of Congress have worked  diligently to address many, many issues that we believe in a bipartisan  way have negatively impacted the ability of Congress to work  effectively and efficiently for all Americans.   Throughout my time in Congress, I have heard time after time many  concerns from my constituents who believe that Congress has become too  mired in gridlock, that our current political process has devolved into  a system that rewards bitter partisan divide rather than an effective,  for-the-people governance. I think my constituents would be so pleased,  and all of our constituents would be so pleased, to see how this  committee has worked and how we have plodded together through many  difficult subjects.   In the process of creating 2\1/2\ dozen recommendations, including  this resolution, I think a couple of the most important the committee  is focused on are how to foster that more civil discourse, beginning  with new Member orientation.   I want to applaud the chair and the ranking member of the Committee  on House Administration for being so open-minded about any ideas that  our committee put forward, willing to make changes to many programs,  beginning with new Member orientation; also, efforts to create a  congressional workforce more representative of our country's diverse  population through initiatives like making permanent the Office of  Diversity and Inclusion, and focusing on issues such as streamlining  [[Page H1573]]  and reorganizing human resource services for the House  of Representatives.    We often operate as 435 different offices, but we can learn so much  from each other. We can find, with collaboration and with a stronger  H.R. office, better expertise in communications policies and  constituent services.   So it is my firm belief that the recommendations being voted on will  be an integral step in moving Congress forward in a direction that not  only produces a more productive workforce and workplace, but a more  productive legislative branch.   