 Mr. President, I am pleased to be here with my fellow  Senator from Nebraska and the other Members of the small team that was  really blessed to be asked to join Senator Scott as he led us to where  we are today, which is introducing the JUSTICE Act.   I am thinking about where the great talents lie in the Senate. One of  the things we all know all of us do well is talk. We know how to talk.  Sometimes we talk too much. Senator Scott doesn't talk that much. He  even said that about himself. I can tell you the skill that he has that  a lot of us need more of. Always, when I am asked by school children  ``What is the best skill to have?'' I say it is the ability to listen.  He has listened for years and years. He has not just lived this; he has  listened. He said, just yesterday, he was with the family of one of the  victims, and it was a very moving day for him.   I am here today to rise with my colleagues in support of the JUSTICE  Act. I join the overwhelming majority of Americans and West Virginians  who, in sadness and frustration and sorrow, witnessed the horrifying  video of the murder of George Floyd by the Minneapolis Police  Department. It was absolutely unacceptable.   The vast majority of our law enforcement officers here and around the  country are just like us. They want to have a great and peaceful  nation. They want to have great and peaceful communities. They want  their families to feel safe in their homes and out in the streets of  their communities just as we do. A lot of them take their oath  seriously and do their best to protect our communities.   It is not enough to say that the death of George Floyd was a  terrible, isolated tragedy because we know many of these have preceded  this date. I have said it is almost like popping a balloon and  revealing all of this unrest underneath, all the questions and sorrow  that have been festering.   Here we are today. I think the great majority of us want to put all  this energy and frustration into action. We want to have something  substantive so we can tell the American people: We listened. We heard.  We feel this. And we want to find solutions.   We have to recognize that every time force is used inappropriately by  law enforcement, our justice system has eroded. We have to understand  our history, wherein Black Americans have been too frequently denied  their basic rights. It is our job to make sure that Americans,  regardless of race, can feel that law enforcement is there to protect  them and their families and that they trust that. The trust factor is  where the erosion has been most remarkably in view of all of us--the  lack of trust.   It is our job to hear these voices and to act. In my opinion, it  doesn't mean defunding the police; it means improving the police and  improving equal protections so that everybody has basic protections and  we are all equal in the eyes of justice and the law.   We have seen the looting. We have seen officers who have lost their  lives.  [[Page S3046]]  We have seen an underbelly to our country that has been difficult to  watch. Yet what we have seen, too, is an outcry of the American  citizens peacefully protesting what they see as inequities in their  lives. When I look in the crowd--I was right there in Washington last  week when a crowd of about 150 protesters walked by me very peacefully  with signs and chanting in solidarity. Most of the people in that group  were probably under 30 years old. There were a lot of Black faces, a  lot of White faces, men and women, young people who felt that lack of  trust. We look at how people have exercised their First Amendment  rights. It is a beautiful thing to see. Unfortunately, it has been  eroded by some of the destructive things that have come along with it,  but at the base of it, we are hearing the same things in our States  every day.   While we want to know that our Declaration of Independence has lived  up to--and that the 14th amendment, which guarantees that no  government, including State and local governments, can deny basic  constitutional rights, we haven't quite lived up to all of that.   A century passed before we passed major civil rights legislation in  1964. One of the sources of great pride for me is that my father was  one of the leading Republicans in the House of Representatives  representing West Virginia in 1964 who helped make sure that passed. In  my office, I actually have a pen that was used in signing that and a  picture of my dad at the White House when it was signed.   Our job is not done. When I hear the voices of mothers who say that  they are fearful their son might not survive a simple traffic stop or  they must have certain behaviors--as Senator Sasse said, it is so  different from what he learned growing up as a young man about how to  interact with police officers in that situation. We can't have those  anguished cries and that double system anymore. That is what this bill  is about.   I am proud to be with Senator Scott introducing the JUSTICE Act. It  has been interesting to watch him and all of us listen to the different  segments of our society who have talked to us--friends, neighbors,  police, members of communities of color, our religious communities, our  news commentators. I did six interviews today on the TV about this.  Every single one of them asked me one fundamental question, and I wish  some of my friends on the other side of the aisle would be here. They  asked: You don't have a very good history in this body of having  Republicans and Democrats joining together to get something done. How  do you think you can do this now? I said: Well, today we did. We did  the Great American Outdoors Act. Several months ago we did the CARES  Act. We can do it. Where there is a will, we can do it.    If we don't do it, we are failing so many people. We are failing  ourselves. We are failing our country, our communities, failing our law  enforcement communities. I would say that we need to begin this job of  a difficult conversation and make sure that we get this bill onto the  Senate floor and debate it in front of the general public.   When we start debating things on the Senate floor in front of the  general public, do you know what happens? The same thing that happened  during the impeachment trial. I know all of us were getting all kinds  of input from people all around. People are watching it. They are  seeing what is actually going on. That is what we need. If we want to  have discussions on qualified immunity, if we want to ban choke holds,  which I want to do and our bill does, essentially, but if you want  something more definitively, yes, I am all for that. Let's have the  discussion and talk about it in front of the American people.   I believe that law enforcement has a lot of great people who work in  and around law enforcement. They need the equipment. They need the  cameras. They need to have the realtime evidence--the realtime evidence  of wrongdoing and evidence of doing it right. It is a protective  device. Everybody should have the availability of that in law  enforcement.   We also require that law enforcement agencies retain disciplinary  records on officers and make sure that they check an officer's record  from other agencies before making a hiring decision. I kind of thought  that was going on anyway. I sort of did. We need to make sure and make  clear that is what we absolutely want to do.   The bill incentivizes State and local police agencies to ban choke  holds. As I mentioned earlier, I am for even more definitive language  on that.   It also provides training in all kinds of areas--deescalation or if  an officer is in a situation where another officer is using  overwhelming force improperly, that officer is trained on how to  interdict that situation. We saw that happen in Minneapolis. Sadly, the  officers did not, but maybe they didn't know how to do it, when to do  it, what form it should take. Let's explore that.   To keep our communities safe, we need our police officers. We need  trust in our law enforcement. There should be no conflict between a  pro-civil rights bill and a pro-law enforcement bill. They should be  able to be joined together. This supports our police officers while  bringing about positive change that will guarantee equal protection to  all of our citizens. The police reform bill will make a real difference  in advancing our constitutional ideals and in making our communities  safer.   I am proud to stand with Senator Scott, but I want to stand with the  entire body to talk about the ways to make this bill even better, to  take the 70 percent of this bill that we have shared ideals on and  shared ideas and put those into action and to not dither here, to not  score political points, and to say to the American people: These are  tough decisions, and we are going to make them. We are going to have  this where you can see it, right here on the floor of the U.S. Senate.   So thank you very much. I am proud to be with my colleagues.   I yield the floor.   