 Madam President, last week, the U.S. Department of  Homeland Security recognized agriculture for its critical role in the  United States' COVID-19 response.   Today, in recognition of National Ag Day, I want to highlight the  work that millions of Americans do each day to make the agriculture  industry in America the greatest in the world.   This industry is incredibly expansive, and at its most basic level,  it is defined by the food, feed, fiber, and fuel it generates. But it  is so much more. It fuels the global economy and is driven by millions  of dedicated hard-working people who are working every day to deliver  these products.   These folks are our Nation's farmers, ranchers, foresters, and  producers. This includes those who manufacture and sell equipment, who  drive trucks and barges to move products, who provide seed and  fertilizer, and who store, process, and market these products.   It spans small and large businesses, from family farms to community  banks, to universities, to science, veterinarians, and livestock  operations.   In my home State of Georgia, agriculture is our No. 1 industry. It  accounts for more than 1 in 7 jobs, and we have 42,000 farms in  Georgia.   I grew up working in the soybean fields and the feedlot of my  family's farm. I know firsthand how hard those in agriculture work to  provide poultry, peanuts, pecans, cotton, cattle, and blueberries. The  risks they take each  [[Page S2003]]  day and the exposure with global markets and changing regulations,  technology, consumer pressures, and economic pressures--our ag industry  rises to all of these challenges.   This is especially true right now as our country faces the  coronavirus outbreak. We have all seen how vital each role in our  supply chain is, from the ground to the grocery store, and from the  cotton gin to the global export market that the Savannah Harbor ships  to around the world.   Americans are used to a readily available supply of food, but in  recent weeks, we have seen empty aisles in grocery stores. But we know  that this is not the new normal. These shelves are quickly restocked  because of the tireless work that is done each day by our farmers, food  processors, truckdrivers, and grocery store personnel. Without them,  empty shelves and food shortages would be the norm.   Today, Americans are heeding the call to protect themselves from the  coronavirus. At the same time, agribusiness is continually managing  their production, processing, and manufacturing. It is not just  planting and harvest.   While some businesses are being forced to take measures to slow their  operations, sadly, such as restaurants, others, such as grocery stores,  are seeing unprecedented demand. Everyone is dealing with uncertainty  and volatility.   In Georgia, fruits and vegetables are being planted as I speak.  Cotton and peanuts will be planted very soon. Some products, like  Georgia's Vidalia onions, will be harvested in the next month.   As we recover from the crisis in the months to come, farmers will  still be in their fields, working tirelessly to ensure that Americans  have access to the food and the products they need.   As a member of the Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and  Forestry, I am strongly committed to supporting America's leading role  in agriculture.   I want to thank President Trump for his strong support of American  agriculture and for recognizing the contributions of the American Farm  Bureau, the FFA, 4-H, and so many others.   Last week, my colleague from Georgia, Senator David Perdue, and I  urged the administration to support our farmers by enabling flexibility  for the labor that they rely on for their harvest and planting.   As the third coronavirus relief bill comes to the floor, we worked to  support rural America by expanding telehealth, as well as funding rural  healthcare programs that are so needed in our rural communities. This  comes in the form of economic aid for agribusiness and farmers, whether  through small business loans or other facilities, and to support things  like telecommunications and broadband.   Agriculture is perhaps the world's most important industry, and it is  important to mark their contributions every year. But on this year's  National Ag Day, I call on my colleagues to reflect on where our  country would be today without the contribution of the American  agriculture industry and without the contribution of Georgia's farmers.  Especially as we face this unprecedented challenge, we couldn't do it  without those who feed and clothe the world.   I yield the floor.   