 Madam President, over the past few months, there have  been many of us in this Chamber who have taken Big Tech to task over  their shady and biased business practices. In more than one hearing, we  have grilled them on the privacy, censorship, and antitrust concerns  that have allowed us to keep these CEOs in the hot seat, and that  grilling has taken place by those of us on either side of the aisle.   These are big, big problems, and they are not going to disappear at  the end of this Congress. These are problems that are going to be  around.   But one of the advantages of having these companies, like Facebook  and Twitter and Google, living in our phones and in our homes is that  it is much harder for oppressive governments and global bad actors to  hide their crimes from the rest of the world.   Just last year, about this time, the freedom fighters in Hong Kong-- and this is a poster that I used on the floor just about this time,  December 9, 2019, and it shows the freedom fighters in Hong Kong. It  shows how they were making their case: ``We do not want to become like  China.''   These freedom fighters in Hong Kong captured our attention when they  filled the streets and demanded an end to the Chinese Communist Party's  terrible crackdowns on free speech and expression. While the coverage  in the 24-hour news cycle definitely made an impact, it was the  millions of tweets and Facebook posts and videos and blog posts that  turned their movement into a collective global outcry for an end to  violence and terror in Hong Kong.   You see, people saw what was happening there. They saw it in  realtime. Even if they didn't fully understand the politics behind  these protests, they knew that the disproportionate response by the  Chinese Government to stamp out these protests was wrong. As those  posts flowed out of Hong Kong, support flowed right back in, and having  spoken with many of these brave activists, it really meant the world to  them that they were hearing from us.   While all of this was happening, something else--some  countermessaging, if you will--was flowing from Beijing. It was a  message of total capitulation sent by corporations, sports  organizations, the mainstream media, and even powerful national and  world leaders. They were all trying to keep the peace on behalf of  their own self-interests, but as the days and weeks passed by, their  blinders became more and more obvious.   By that time, the online activist community had put the Chinese  Communist Party's crimes on full display.  [[Page S7233]]  What started as a debate on free speech and political autonomy morphed  into a full indictment of the Chinese Communist Party's crimes against  humanity, against the Uighurs in Xinjiang, in Tibet, and Inner  Mongolia, and all across Mainland China.   Thanks to internet freedom efforts made possible by the Open  Technology Fund, tweets and videos describing the Chinese Communist  Party's intolerance of dissent escaped the Great Firewall and made its  way into Western news feeds.   The spread of the coronavirus tore away the veil covering Beijing's  corrupt relationship with the World Health Organization and other  international organizations and revealed their scandalous coverup of  the virus's origins--all that truth right on our phones, right on our  iPads and computer screens and on every screen in the house.   Unfortunately, for the millions suffering under the horrors of  communism, truth didn't win the day. The people with the most  responsibility to speak up stayed silent because they were fearful of  retaliation. It was too politically charged, too economically risky.  Someone might take their criticisms the wrong way, and, well, we can't  have that now, can we?   I know from personal experience what it is like to have the Chinese  Communist Party and their allies retaliate against you. Once you speak  up, you are going to get it from all sides.   Just last week, a member of the Chinese state media--for all intents  and purposes, I would suggest this is a propaganda minister for the  Chinese Communist Party. Well, he decided that he had had enough of  what we are doing here in Washington to expose Chinese aggression and  fired off a series of vile, sexist tweets while conspicuously avoiding  the issue at hand. It sounds fairly familiar: Attack the person; attack  the messenger.   The thing is, he was just mirroring the tactics used by his  government. Beijing is all too happy to prey upon the ignorance of  their massive online audience and encourage accusations of racism or  xenophobia as the only acceptable responses to evidence documenting  their own racist, repressive politics. That, right there, is how you  end up with repressive regimes like the one in China gaining so much  power on the global stage when those who should know better allow their  adversaries to cow them into silence.   I appreciate the importance of diplomacy, but diplomacy is  meaningless without consequences. Activists, by their very nature, rise  and fall based on their willingness to speak truth to power when the  most influential among us allow evil regimes to escape those  consequences.   Today, I call on my colleagues to follow their example and use their  work in this Chamber to speak truth to power about the crimes of the  Chinese Communist Party. We no longer have any excuse not to. If you  want proof, pull out your phones and listen to what activists in Hong  Kong, in Taiwan, and in Mainland China are telling you--or better yet,  listen to what some of your colleagues are telling you.   Hong Kong activist Joshua Wong currently sits in jail for the crime  of criticizing his government. I repeat this: Hong Kong activist, a  young freedom fighter, Joshua Wong, is in jail because he criticized  the Chinese Communist party. He criticized his government. His  sentencing barely managed a blip on the radar here.   Another Hong Kong activist, Jimmy Lai, was denied bail during his own  prosecution specifically because his online newspaper revealed the  truths of the Chinese Communist Party's chokehold on their own people.  The CCP cut off access to his corporate accounts and those of his  employees. So much for Hong Kong's free press. Jimmy Lai and Joshua  Wong live in Hong Kong.   In June, the Senate passed a resolution condemning the CCP's  repression of speech and expression in Hong Kong. These protests are  still happening. Authoritarian crackdowns are still happening. We must  keep speaking about this.   In Xinjiang, CCP forces are systematically targeting and eliminating  the Uighur Muslim population through mass surveillance, population  control, and incarceration in internment camps. Yes, you heard me-- internment camps. It should make your skin crawl to hear that today, in  2020, this is happening.   Last month, I joined my colleagues Senator Cornyn and Senator  Menendez in supporting a bipartisan resolution to finally recognize  that what the Chinese Government is doing in Xinjiang constitutes a  genocide.   If you are looking for a reason to start speaking out, I can't think  of a better way to get started. Speak up on that. Support this  resolution, which would not only urge the White House to take action  against Beijing but also urge national governments and organizations to  get their heads out of the sand and tear away, piece by piece, China's  disastrous influence over the global political economy, which is  highlighted by the success of the Communist Party's Belt and Road  Initiative.   I will add that I was thrilled today with Secretary Pompeo's tweet  regarding his once again reupping the countries of concern under the  International Religious Freedom Act of 1998. China is on this list, as  well they should be, as they continue to infringe on religious liberty,  and they do engage in systematic, ongoing, egregious religious freedom  violations. They are doing it every day, and the world is watching.   I tell you, I could monopolize this floor for the next week and lay  out every opportunity we have to stand up for the cause of freedom and  speak truth to power about the crimes of the Chinese Communist Party.   Here is a white paper that I unveiled earlier this year. There are  over 100 specific paths toward how we as a nation unraveled the  relationship that we have right now with China. The paper is only 52  pages long. It is a short version. I encourage one and all to take a  look at it and to think about how it is that we got to this point where  an influential government, active in many major international bodies,  including, as of next year, China being in the U.N. Human Rights  Council--how can this government perpetrate a genocide against  minorities and get away with it because of the appalling cowardice of  those who bear witness and choose to do nothing.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   