 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the ordering of  the yeas and nays on the motion that the House suspend the rules and  pass the bill (H.R. 5572) to establish a grant program for family  community organizations that provide support for individuals struggling  with substance use disorder and their families, as amended, be vacated,  to the end that the Chair put the question de novo.    Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 1161, I call up  the bill (H.R. 925) to extend the authorization of appropriations for  allocation to carry out approved wetlands conservation projects under  the North American Wetlands Conservation Act through fiscal year 2024,  with the Senate amendments thereto, and ask for its immediate  consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may  have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks  and include extraneous material on the House amendments to the Senate  amendments to H.R. 925.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  [[Page H5418]]    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this updated version of the  Heroes Act.   The health and economic catastrophe facing our country continues to  cry out for urgent action. In May, a bipartisan majority in the House  passed the Heroes Act to provide critical support for our country to  crush the coronavirus so that we can protect lives and reopen our  economy.   Unfortunately, that legislation has lingered for more than 4 months  as President Trump continues to downplay the severity of this pandemic.   This updated version of the Heroes Act seeks to meet Republicans  halfway while addressing needs that have grown since May. As Speaker  Pelosi and Secretary Mnuchin continue their negotiations, the House's  consideration of this legislation formalizes this body's proffer in  these negotiations.   To that end, we have updated the earlier versions of the Heroes Act  by including strengthened support for small businesses, additional  assistance for airline industry workers, and more funds for the  children, for schools, for postsecondary education, and for childcare.   Near and dear to my heart, we have also added a substantial  investment in global public health that will save lives at home and  abroad.   Moreover, House Democrats have maintained many of the earlier  priorities of the Heroes Act. That includes: $436 billion for State,  local, territorial, and Tribal governments to pay vital frontline  workers; $75 billion for coronavirus testing, contact tracing, and  isolation measures; and $28 billion for procurement, distribution, and  education campaigns for a safe and effective vaccine; additional direct  payments to families; strong, enforceable workplace safety standards;  changes to preserve healthcare for unemployed Americans; an extension  of unemployment benefits; housing assistance so renters and homeowners  can stay in their homes; food assistance so struggling families can put  food on the table; and protections for our democracy, with funding for  safe elections, an accurate Census, and the Postal Service.   Mr. Speaker, this legislation represents a compromise that delivers  for American families. Negotiations are continuing, and I ardently hope  that we can soon return to this floor with a bipartisan agreement.   In the meantime, a strong vote tonight will show our will to act and  bring us closer to delivering much-needed relief to American families.   I urge support for this critical legislation, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 5 minutes to the  distinguished gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Scott), the chairman of the  Committee on Education and Labor.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Virginia an  additional 1 minute.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Neal), who is from my class and is  the chair of the Committee on Ways and Means.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Massachusetts an  additional 1 minute.    Mr. Speaker, I would address my friend from New York.  Thank you for expressing the real needs of New York, and I do hope you  will vote for this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina  (Mr. Clyburn), the majority whip.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished  gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Wasserman Schultz), the chairwoman of the  Military Construction, Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies  Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. Cicilline).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Espaillat).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Green).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Lee), a senior member of the Appropriations Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from California.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to gentleman from Colorado  (Mr. Neguse).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional minute to the  gentleman from Colorado (Mr. Neguse).    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. Schrier).    Mr. Speaker, I am delighted to yield 5 minutes to the  gentlewoman from California (Ms. Waters), the chair of the Committee on  Financial Services.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    Mr. Speaker, I am delighted to yield 1 minute to the  gentlemen from Illinois (Mr. Garcia).    Mr. Speaker, I am delighted to yield 1 minute to the  distinguished gentlewoman from California (Ms. Pelosi), the Speaker of  the House.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro), the chair of the Labor, Health and Human  Services, Education, and Related Agencies Subcommittee, and a  hardworking, distinguished leader on all these issues.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Hoyer), the distinguished majority leader.    Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to yield 5 minutes to the  distinguished gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Pallone), the chairman of  the Committee on Energy and Commerce, a member of my class in the  Congress.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Bishop), the distinguished chair of the Subcommittee on  Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and  Related Agencies.    Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   