 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to remember a daughter  of New York and an American giant. Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg was an  icon, a legend, and a role model for so many people, myself included.  We may never see a jurist with her kind of courage again in our  lifetimes.   The daughter of an immigrant furrier and Garment District bookkeeper,  born and raised in Brooklyn, she pushed back against every expectation  and limitation that society had for her and rose to the bench of the  highest Court in the land. She was a brilliant legal mind, an  unparalleled jurist, an opera fan, fearless dissenter, and the  ``Notorious RBG.''   Justice Ginsburg spent her whole life fighting against injustices,  those she faced personally and those she could not abide in society.   When Ruth Bader Ginsburg went to law school, she was one of just 9  women in her class of 500. She graduated at the top of her class but  was rejected by law firm after law firm because she was a woman and  because she was a mother. Undaunted, she found a different path to  success.   She educated generations of law students at Rutgers and Columbia and  spent her time outside the classroom at the ACLU, becoming an architect  of the plan to eradicate gender discrimination. One strategically  chosen case at a time, she proved to a male-dominated legal system that  discrimination on the basis of sex is real. She was a trailblazer. She  took herself to places that few women had ever been, and she took the  law to places it had never been.   She stood for all of us. She stood against discrimination in all its  forms. She was someone who fundamentally understood the gifts that  people have to give to this country regardless of one's sex, one's  gender orientation, one's race, or one's background.   She knew that the words etched in stone above the entrance of the  Supreme Court--``Equal Justice Under Law''--were still a goal, not a  given, and she fought to make them a reality every day of her life.   As has been noted, in the Jewish tradition, only those of great  righteousness die on Rosh Hashanah--because God determined that they  were needed until the end. Justice Ginsburg was truly someone of great  righteousness, and at the very end, she left us with one final message:  ``My most fervent wish is that I not be replaced until a new president  is installed.''   She asked us to respect the right of the American people to be heard,  but within just hours of her passing, that wish was denied by Members  of this body.   The hypocrisy of my colleagues is breathtaking. The same Members  rushing this process are the very same ones who denied Merrick Garland  hearings because his nomination was supposedly too close to an  election. He was nominated in March. It is nearly October. This  election is not just close. It is already happening. People across the  country are already casting their ballots. Yet this is about more than  rank hypocrisy. Let's look at what is really at stake.   The first case that will be argued in November will decide if 129  million Americans with preexisting conditions will continue to have  access to affordable healthcare. Think about that. My Republican  colleagues are rushing through the confirmation of a judge in order to  nearly guarantee that 129 million Americans with preexisting conditions  will see their premiums go up or have their healthcare ripped away  entirely. That would be inhumane at any time, but in the middle of a  pandemic, it is truly unthinkable.   They are rushing to vote on a Justice who will decide the fate of  more than 640,000 DACA recipients who have known no other home, no  other country, but this one.   They seek to confirm a judge who will revoke the rights of 50 percent  of the population to make decisions about their own bodies and their  reproductive healthcare.   This new judge could very well overturn recently decided cases that  have finally granted same-sex couples the fundamental right to marry  the persons whom they love.   This new judge will likely decide on the Nation's ability to conduct  a fair and accurate census and the right of every person in this  country to have equal representation under the law.   It is clear to me why our colleagues are rushing this. They fear that  the American people simply don't agree with their views. They fear that  this is their last chance to impose an ultraconservative view on our  country, in which women's rights, LGBTQ rights, and immigrants' rights  take a back seat to corporate interests and discrimination. That is not  what the American people want. They should get the chance to have their  say. Their ability to access healthcare, to marry, to live in this  country, and to be represented fairly and fully by this government is  on the line. Their rights hang in the balance.   The actions of my colleagues deny the people a voice. What does that  say about this Chamber? What does it say about our democracy   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   