 Madam President, I so enjoyed listening to the  comments of my colleague from Texas, and it causes me to think that,  yes, we are moving forward with another week, and what we have to  realize is that, indeed, our Nation was built on free speech and the  premise to have dissent or robust, respectful political debate. That is  something that keeps our Nation strong.   To go back and look at the work of our Founders, there was barely a  day that went by that they were not having that robust debate, that  they were not having those arguments that were really constructive  conversations that would say: We are here; how do we go here?   That is how you solve problems. Indeed, that is what Tennesseans are  telling me every day that they want us to do: Solve these problems.  Let's get ourselves on the right track   When you look at it and go back and look at the Founders, you see  that the debates they had were not superficial. They were not  necessarily the bright, shiny object story of the day. They were deep,  philosophical debates on issues that were about the future of the  Nation they were trying to build. Everything was on the line, and no  one kept quiet. They felt as if their opinions were important, and  indeed, today, there is a lot on the line when we talk about civility  and when we talk about the strength, the core, and the preservation of  our rights and our freedoms. Nobody spared anyone's feelings at that  point because the stakes were too high and they were focused on  freedom.   How did they create a free nation? How did they create it so that it  would pass to their children and their grandchildren? Indeed, you can  go forward in history and look at the words of Ronald Reagan reminding  us that freedom is not something that is permanent. Every single  generation--every single generation--has to fight for it.   Madam President, of course, we say an extra thank-you to you and  others in this Chamber who have worn the uniform and have served, and  we are grateful for that service.   I would state that, in spite of all the strife that our Founders went  through, they never wavered from their commitment to building a society  that was, in their hearts and minds, a society of the people, for the  people, by the people--of the people. It was freer and more Democratic  than the land they had left in order to get here.   The First Amendment to our Constitution is more than just a  prohibition against government repression. It is a warning against the  private attacks on free speech. The success of online discussion  platforms is a testament to how much the American people still value  the free exchange of ideas.   Don't you love it? In a good conversation with good friends, somebody  makes their point, and you make a counterpoint. Then you discuss it,  and you have a respectful conversation.   Everyone from political candidates to corporations to the free press  has taken advantage of the opportunity to reach those millions of  eyeballs that are scrolling through social media timelines and news  aggregation services. For a while, it looked as if the system would  revolutionize the way we read and the way that we share information,  the way we have that debate,  [[Page S3120]]  and it did--just not necessarily for the better.   I believe we should always encourage more speech, and when you look  at the early days of Twitter and Facebook, it seems that they were on  the right track, and we kind of call that the good old days of social  media.   Over the past few weeks, we have seen these platforms devolve into a  state of all-out war that makes our previous concerns about censorship  and speech policing look petty. Liberal activists have deployed against  anyone and anything that strays from their preferred narrative. It is  the cancel culture in full force. Even more concerning than digital mob  rule is the behavior of corporations and platforms caving to these  intimidation tactics and selectively policing dissent.   Just imagine what would have happened all those years ago in our  founding if one group decided they were going to shut up and quiet  another group. What if they had decided that respect doesn't matter?  What if they had decided that debate doesn't matter? It is our way or  the highway. What do you think would have happened, and where would we  be today?   Google and its parent company, Alphabet, have distinguished  themselves as the worst offenders. Google is under investigation for  potential antitrust violations, but that hasn't stopped them from  surrendering to this latest political moment. Last week, Google  threatened to kick two conservative-leaning media outlets off of the  Google ads platform after determining content found in the respective  sites' comment sections violated platform policies. A representative  from Google complicated matters by running to the media and insisting  that the ban was imposed because the Federalist and ZeroHedge had both  published derogatory comments promoting racial violence. NBC and other  news organizations ran with that false narrative, and before you knew  it, thousands of voices condemned in unison the speech and opinions of  dozens of writers who had done nothing wrong.   They were, as the left likes to say, ``deplatformed,'' which, of  course, was the goal. The ease with which Google fell in step with this  coordinated campaign to chill speech becomes all the more concerning  when one considers that they didn't just threaten the livelihoods of  the writers, editors, and graphic designers employed by those outlets.  Google employees let their bias--hear that?--Google employees let their  bias, not the facts--not the facts, the bias--their bias, the bias that  they bring to work with them, the bias of their worldview, which they  think is right--they let their bias and their prejudice lead the way  and decided that the American people didn't need to see what those  writers had to say.    Who told them that they are the speech police? Who told them: Google,  you are in charge. You decide what is going to be prioritized on your  platform. Google, you go in here, and you decide if this is worthy or  unworthy content. It is all up to you. Google, you can subjectively  manipulate these algorithms based on what you think.   What we have are Google employees who let their bias lead the way,  and they decided that the American people didn't need to see what  writers had written because they, the employees' superiors, decided you  didn't need to know that. They determined that the speech was  dangerous, harmful, and illegitimate. So what did they do? They shut it  down before you could browse it.   Just imagine--just imagine--if the Founders had been so brazen in  their actions: Let's not have a discussion on that point. Let's just  throw it to the side. Let's not hear somebody out. Let's just push them  aside. No, they didn't form a clique who said: We are better than you.  We are smarter than you. What did those Founders do? They looked at one  another and said: We are all in this together. We are here because  freedom is paramount in establishing a nation that is a nation of, by,  and for the people--all of us. That is the goal.   You know, I think what Google has done is a bold move coming from the  same parent company that has allowed YouTube's reprehensible comment  section to spiral into notoriety. But if you comment on the Federalist,  beware. You see, it is not about protecting customers. All they are  doing is defending a dangerous and un-democratic double standard.   These incidents are not isolated, and there is no meaningful choice  publishers can make to take their business elsewhere because Google  effectively controls online advertising. Last year, they brought in  $100 billion in ad revenue. You know, even in this town, $100 billion  is not chump change. That is a lot of money.   This year they are flexing their muscles against competitive  conservative outlets just as more mainstream outlets are facing  cutbacks and layoffs. I know this body is well aware that Big Tech  needs some guide rails to control their approach to consumer privacy,  data security, and these increasingly oppressive content moderation  policies.   Google is the main player. The majority of searches are done through  Google. Is it a monopoly? Pretty close to it. Should it be viewed under  antitrust? Worthy of discussion. Right now we are working out the  proper strategy to reform the section 230 protections. This is written  into the Communications Decency Act that the Googles of the world hide  behind when they want to silence you, when they want to shut you down  because they do not agree with you. Their bias is against you. Their  prejudice is against you. They don't like what you have to say.   In this body we may not agree, but we will fight to defend the right  of individuals to stand up and have their say. The First Amendment says  that political speech is--guess what--free speech. The First Amendment  says that you, the citizen--remember that line, ``of the people.'' The  people have the right to petition their government to seek a change.  But, oh no, Google or Facebook--I have to say, I remember the comment  from Mark Zuckerberg that Facebook was more like a government than a  business.   We have the Communications Decency Act, and there is a section in it  called section 230, and that is the section that Big Tech goes and  cowers behind when they want to shut you up. Section 230 needs to be  reformed. DOJ has said that this is something that is ready for reform.  We need to protect free speech. We need to make certain that illicit  content is moved off. We need to look at competition. We need to look  at the threshold for users--maybe not revenue--but look at a threshold  for users and put some guidelines in place. We are dealing with an  industry that has moved on to using social pressure to provide cover as  they act as judge, jury, and executioner over what Americans should be  allowed to know.   If you are researching something online, what do you do? You Google  it. You get in that search engine; you go looking for it; and then you  look at the things as they come up. Maybe what you are looking for  doesn't show up on the first page even though it is something that has  been in the news. Why would that be? Oh, prioritization--because Google  prioritizes how this information gets delivered to you: if they like  it, top of the list; if they don't, bottom envelope.   Today, I sent a letter to the Attorney General, outlining the threat  this poses to a free and fair press and calling for a full  investigation that examines the company's control over the internet  economy. I also encouraged AG Barr to meet with the news publishers who  have been harmed by this anti-competitive behavior and learn firsthand  about the fear and intimidation tactics activists have weaponized  against legitimate journalism.   This can no longer be chalked up simply to bias. The people making  these decisions are the most powerful voices in the world, and they  have decided that they don't want you to think. They don't want you to  challenge the narrative, and they sure don't want you to rock the boat  and draw the ire of activists who still don't believe these efforts at  censorship have gone far enough to silence conservative voices.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   