 Reserving the right to object.    Thank you, Senator Duckworth, for your service and  your sacrifice. We share the goal of supporting our military and our  veterans. However, the left's latest outrage against President Trump  is, as usual, baseless. Here is the truth: The Atlantic article is just  one in a long line of lies and political attacks against President  Trump by unaccountable, fake news outlets and the so-called anonymous  sources.   Here is another truth, one that will not be covered by the fake news:  No one has done more to support our men and women in uniform, including  our veterans, and more to restore peace and prosperity for all  Americans than President Donald J. Trump.   Let me share the facts with some of my colleagues and the media,  which they refuse to acknowledge. This President has championed a  historic investment of $2.2 trillion into our military, a 3 percent pay  raise for troops--the largest in a decade. He has personally thanked  our troops on the ground in Iraq, Afghanistan, South Korea, and  Germany. He has spent countless hours honoring our wounded warriors at  Walter Reed Medical Center and honoring our fallen servicemembers  killed in action at Dover Air Force Base.   He confirmed plans to withdraw troops from Iraq and Afghanistan,  honoring his commitment to end endless wars. Finally, today, he was  nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize for his leadership in facilitating  the Israel-UAE peace deal, a historic step toward a safer world for  all. I am proud to defend President Trump against another desperate  political attack. I proudly stand with him in support of our military  and our veterans.   This Atlantic hit piece is the antithesis of honest journalism. More  than two dozen former and current administration officials have  rebutted these false claims on the record. In fact, the liberal  activist author, who has a history of using sources that are shaky at  best, admitted that his reliance on anonymous sources was not good  enough. What is not good enough is the media's treatment of this  President and his clear track record of support of our military and  their families.   Last week, I was at Fort Gordon and Fort Stewart in Georgia, visiting  our Active-Duty members. I saw firsthand the opportunities our military  leaders  [[Page S5494]]  now have to grow our safety and security on all fronts, from combating  terrorism to making sure our cyber domain is safer. There was a renewed  sense of optimism that should bring all Americans comfort. This is a  direct result of the President's work that he is doing every single day  for our men and women in uniform. They are fighting every single day to  protect us, and he is fighting every single day to have their back.   Here is the truth: President Trump has delivered on his promises to  rebuild our military, to respect our veterans, and to keep our country  safe. It is time to stop playing politics with our national security  and those who provide it.   For these reasons, I object.    Mr. President, instead of passing a resolution meant  to politicize our military, I am offering my own resolution to honor  the service and the sacrifice of the members of the U.S. Armed Forces,  veterans, prisoners of war, and Gold Star families.   My resolution also recognizes President Trump's strong record of  supporting our troops, taking care of our veterans, defending the  American people from foreign threats. President Trump and I have and  always will honor the service and sacrifice of our brave men and women  in uniform.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that, as if in legislative  session, the Senate proceed to the consideration of my resolution at  the desk. I further ask that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble  be agreed to, and that the motions to reconsider be considered made and  laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.   