 Mr. President, once again, I stood at this podium  yesterday and called on the Senate to put politics aside and deliver  critical relief to the American people, many of whom are on the  frontlines of this war. Yet Chuck Schumer and the Senate Democrats have  turned their backs on them, having been encouraged by Nancy Pelosi.   People are getting sick. They are worried about their families. They  are losing their jobs. Schools are closed. Small businesses are days  away from shutting their doors, and hospitals are running out of  equipment, cash, and room. Doctors and nurses are working around the  clock, and they are our first line of defense. People are suffering.   A hospital in Tifton, GA, faces such severe equipment shortages that  it is forced to wear trash bags as protection. Many rural hospitals in  Georgia only have days of operating cash left. Also, in rural Georgia,  children go to the bus stops to pick up their local papers. That is  their education for the day while their schools are closed.   In Cartersville, GA, Table 20 was forced to lay off nearly all of its  staff just to remain open, like too many others.   In Athens, GA, the virus has turned a college town into a ghost town,  and the virus is devastating its economy, like too many others.   All over the State, waiters, waitresses, car salesmen, mechanics,  farmers, and shopkeepers wonder: How will I possibly care for my  family?   For the last 2 weeks, I have been continuously talking with the  people of Georgia: with cancer patients whose procedures have been  canceled; with families whose entire livelihoods have been wiped out;  with people in businesses who can't pay the rent, the mortgage, the car  payment, get groceries, or get lifesaving tests and procedures; and  with families who have been forced to cancel weddings and funerals.   While the effects of this disease tear through our country, thousands  of Americans are infected, and millions face layoffs. They are fighting  with all they have. Yet what are Schumer and Pelosi doing? Nothing. The  Democrats continue to politicize this rescue. How many people must be  hurt for them to leave their selfish partisanship behind and get relief  to our fellow Americans?   While the rest of America comes together, like the Savannah Salvation  Army that holds church services outside or like Meals on Wheels that  delivers meals to seniors, the Democrats are playing games and holding  hostage desperately needed relief. America does not deserve this. Nancy  Pelosi and  [[Page S1956]]  Chuck Schumer are putting solar panels ahead of people. Meanwhile,  President Trump and his administration are working around the clock to  address this crisis while the Democrats are continuing the resistance.   I know the folks at home see it for what it is--politicians who will  not miss their own paychecks or their own benefits or who will not miss  their home payments or their car payments. They are safely tucked away  behind their coffee carts in their offices and are taking advantage of  the moment--pushing ideas that could never pass in Congress.   A bipartisan bill was ready to go this weekend. This delay is  entirely on their backs. It is the worst of Washington, and it is  disgusting. The American people must hold the Democrats to account. I  will keep fighting for Georgians and all Americans with my colleagues,  and I will not leave here until our work is done.   I yield the floor.   