 Mr. President, as a former commissioner of  agriculture in Mississippi, this is so vital and so important. In  Mississippi, agriculture is the No. 1 industry. One in every four jobs  is related to agriculture. So this is very vital for my State.   With the end of the fiscal year fast approaching, we must act to  ensure important agriculture and conservation programs administered by  the Department of Agriculture do not come to a screeching halt on  October 1.   The 2018 farm bill, which was supported by 87 Members of the Senate,  authorized important safety-net programs to protect producers against  sharp price and revenue declines; provide short-term loans and interim  financing to help producers meet cash flow needs; assist dairy  producers affected by low milk prices and high feed costs; compensate  landowners for taking fragile land out of production and implementing  conservation improvements to help the environment; and assist producers  when natural disasters destroy feed for livestock, cause above-average  livestock mortality, and damage commercial orchards and fruit trees.   Current law requires many of these program payments to be made  annually after October 1, which highlights the importance of this  matter on this day.   As Congress discusses measures to keep the government open and  Federal programs operating beyond the current fiscal year, it is  essential for any continuing resolution to include a provision allowing  the USDA Commodity Credit Corporation to continue financing these  programs. Failure to include such a provision would pose a serious risk  to America's farmers and ranchers in these already challenging times.  It would cause harmful delays in program funding and benefits at a time  when many producers across the country simply cannot afford to wait  months to recover for these losses.   This issue is not just about supporting American agriculture; it is  about Congress living up to its promises. More than 1.7 million  producers signed contracts for the Agriculture Risk Coverage and Price  Loss Coverage Programs. Millions of private landowners have signed  conservation contracts to take their land out of production. These are  contracts, and the terms of those contracts must be met.    I remind my colleagues that this is not a situation to be taken  lightly. In recent years, America's farmers and ranchers have  experienced unfair foreign tariffs, depressed prices, catastrophic  flooding and other natural disasters, market disruptions, and now  COVID-19.   I applaud my fellow Republican colleagues on the Appropriations  Committee and the Senate Agriculture Committee for raising awareness on  this issue. It is our job to feed this country. We need to be allowed  to do that.   Thank you.   