 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2, the  Moving Forward Act.   I want to thank Speaker Pelosi and Chairman DeFazio for their  outstanding leadership.   The time is now to rebuild America. Investing in our Nation's  infrastructure is bigger than just mending our roads, bridges, and  airports. It will mean a boost to future manufacturing. It will create  good-paying jobs.   It will transition our Nation to a clean energy economy and will  build the infrastructure for those electric vehicles we need to put on  the road to be globally competitive and put us on track for robust  future growth.   Over the next decade, we have to seize this opportunity, and we must  seize it for every community across the country, urban, suburban, and  rural alike.   This bill is designed to rebuild communities that are smarter, safer,  and made to last. And with American grit and ingenuity, we can  accomplish this and more.   I am proud that a number of provisions that I have championed are  included in this legislation.   I urge all of my colleagues, Republicans and Democrats, to support  this important bill and come together. The American people have sent us  here to find common ground on the toughest issues for all future  generations to prosper.   And as my Governor says: ``Fix the damn roads.''    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this en bloc,  which includes an important amendment that I have championed that would  establish a clean energy and sustainability accelerator to both meet  the climate crisis head-on, while building the infrastructure of  tomorrow.   As an independent nonprofit that is capitalized with $20 billion of  Federal funds spread over a 6-year period, the accelerator will help  bolster and expand a robust clean energy workforce, create jobs, deploy  emissions reduction technologies, and invest in low-carbon  infrastructure projects nationwide.   It would provide crucial seed investment to build clean energy  infrastructure that will put millions back to work, strengthen  communities, improve public health for generations, while reducing  pollution, lowering energy costs, and specifically reducing harmful  greenhouse emissions.   I am proud to lead this amendment, and I thank Chairman Pallone, the  leadership of the House, and the Energy and Commerce Committee staff  for all the work they have done to get it here.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   