 Madam President, I have come to the floor today to  start this new year by really encouraging my friends on each side of  the aisle to approach this coming legislative session with some  optimism because there are some good things we can do.   We come to the floor and we hear about Iran and we hear about  Soleimani. There are differences of opinion there. I am one of those. I  represent a major military post, and I know that so many of our men and  women in uniform said: You know what, this should have been done long  ago. This is a known terrorist who has conducted terrorist attacks on  six continents, even tried it here in the United States. They felt like  the President was justified.   We hear about impeachment, and of course we know it has been widely  reported that our friends across the aisle and over in the House  started 3 years ago trying to find something they could impeach Donald  Trump on--just something. It was going to be emoluments, or it was  going to be collusion, or it was going to be coercion, or it was going  to be Russia, or it was going to be bribery. There had to be something  there because, you know what, they just don't like the guy. They don't  like him. So they have been at it nonstop. They let that get in the way  of some good things that people would like to get done.   For the next few minutes, I would like to encourage us to think  beyond subpoenas and trial and negativity and witness statements and  instead focus in on three things that are right in front of us: two  successfully negotiated trade deals that will benefit farmers,  manufacturers, and small business owners and producers not only in my  State of Tennessee but across the entire country.   In the Volunteer State alone, we have 967 foreign-based businesses,  and they have invested $37.3 billion in capital improvements, and  currently they employ more than 147,000 Tennesseans. That is good for  our State. Trade is important to us in Tennessee, insourcing these  jobs.   Of particular importance to us is maintaining great trade relations  with Japan. Do you know what is so amazing? We have so many people who  didn't even know that the Japan trade agreement went into effect on  January 1. The mainstream media was so busy focused on impeachment and  other things that they didn't even realize this was a deal that will do  a good job for us.   Our former U.S. Ambassador to Japan, who is a Tennessean, Ambassador  Hagerty, had negotiated this before he left. This recently agreed-to  Japan trade deal will support 40,000 jobs that are already provided by  Japanese companies. The new deal will also solidify Tennessee's  relationships with Japanese partners like Nissan North America, Toyota,  Bridgestone, Nidec, and Denso Manufacturing--all with a presence in  Tennessee and all employing Tennesseans.   It is going to create greater market access to Tennessee's  agriculture products, specifically pork, cheese, and wine. It will  eliminate or lower tariffs on 7.2 billion dollars' worth of U.S.  exports, including beef, which will put Tennessee and American farmers  on a level playing field with their competitors. That is a good thing  for our agricultural community. I cannot overstate how big a win this  is for Tennesseans and for Americans, and there is more on the horizon.   