 Madam President, I want to begin with my gratitude and  respect for those on the frontlines in Georgia and across America  today. The doctors, nurses, first responders, employees in our grocery  stores and supply chains, and our State and local leaders who are  leading the response on the ground at this perilous time--together,  this is the best of America.   Now, 17 days ago, I spoke from this podium and called on the country  to come together to combat the outbreak of novel coronavirus. I asked  the media, my colleagues in Congress, and leaders across our country to  join me in putting politics aside and to put the health and safety of  all Americans first.   The next day in Congress, we came together to quickly pass $8.5  billion in emergency funding to support our response to this virus,  which President Trump signed immediately. In March, the week after  that, the President declared a national emergency, unleashing $50  billion to further mobilize testing, therapeutics, and care.    Today we find ourselves in an even more serious and urgent situation.  The health threat facing our Nation has intensified.   Recent reports show the acceleration of infection. At the same time,  people are losing their jobs; small businesses are closing; and fear is  taking hold, while families are home with children out of school, and  parents are out of work. This is why we must act immediately to pass  the CARES Act, bringing in well over $1 trillion, with an economic  impact being a multiple of that. We are in a rapidly changing  environment with each passing day that requires this immediate and  substantial action.   Each day, families are put more at risk and financial peril, and  hospitals are going without the resources they need. Uncertainty rests  on Americans' doorsteps daily. They wonder: How much longer can I make  this work? How do I protect my family's health and welfare? We need  immediate relief in the hands of the American people, and we needed it  days ago. We cannot wait another day.   To the families worried about paying rent and feeding their children,  the small business owner forced to shutter their doors and lay off  staff who is like family to them, those who worry about foreclosure by  landlords, the employees of service, travel, and tourism industries  left unemployed, the hospitals--rural and urban--and the assisted- living facilities running out of equipment, staff, and beds, and the  public health officials--nurses and doctors working around the clock on  the frontlines--help is on the way. Every American needs to know that,  in Washington, we have their backs; that we know there is deep  uncertainty and fear; and that we are working right now to address it.   We must turn our rhetoric into action. I will say it again. There is  no room for political maneuvers here.   I want every Georgian to know I am fighting for them every day. No  amount of false politicized allegations against me or my family will  distract me. Nothing will get in my way of delivering much needed  relief to Georgian families--nothing.   I have spent the last 2 weeks speaking with hospital leaders, small  businesses, employers, and employees across Georgia. The impact is felt  by every Georgian. The need is urgent. From Lowndes County to Rabun  County, the issues of health and economic concern are widespread.   Across the country, we must stand together symbolically, though we  cannot stand together physically. That is why I am calling on the  Senate to act expeditiously to pass this relief package immediately.   Let me be clear. It is time to deliver. As we have seen, this virus  does not wait for politics as usual to play out. Only swift action will  save lives, families, and jobs at this unprecedented time.   Just as the rest of America has done, the Senate must step up and  help win this war for all Americans.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   