 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues  for their consistent support of tribal governments. I also want to  thank Speaker Pelosi and Chairwoman Lowey. They have demonstrated a  deep commitment to these important issues. Without their personal  attention and support, this historic investment in Indian country would  not be possible.   This is an issue that is deeply important to me because Covid-19 has  taken a disproportionate toll on Native American communities. Historic  inequities in health and infrastructure have resulted in extremely high  infection rates on many reservations across our country. We must act,  and I am proud to say, we are voting today to support Indian Country  through the HEROES Act.   As a member of the Financial Services and General Government  Subcommittee of the Appropriations Committee, I want to highlight four  of the most significant tribal provisions in this bill that fall under  our jurisdiction.   First, we doubled down on the investment in tribal governments by  adding an additional $20 billion to the Coronavirus Relief Fund for  tribes. This additional relief will provide the necessary funding to  support tribal governments as they cope with the devastating effects of  the pandemic.   Next, we made sure that the funding allocated to tribal governments  actually goes to tribal governments. We did this by clarifying that  only federally recognized tribal governments listed in the Federal  Register are eligible for this funding. This was critical, and it was  done to ensure compliance with a recent court order.   We also made sure that tribes--as well as state and local  governments--had the discretion to use this funding flexibly. This will  ensure that tribal governments can cover any cost and revenue losses  associated with Covid-19.   Finally, we made sure that 100 percent of the funds appropriated for  tribes from the Corona virus Relief Funds will stay in Indian Country.  We did this by clarifying that the Department must reallocate any funds  it claws back through enforcement action to other tribal governments. A  year from now, we don't want the administration to balance their budget  on the backs of Indian Country.   There is one other critical provision that I want to highlight. This  bill rejects the allocation formula used by Treasury thus far. It  requires a new consultation with Interior and Tribal Governments.  That's because the Department has so far only relied on a deeply  inequitable formula that ignores the economic impact of Covid-19. In  California, this resulted in many of the smallest allocations going to  the tribal governments that have spent the most to support their  employees and fight Covid-19. Comparatively, many of those tribes that  are least impacted economically received the highest allocations. This  must be remedied as soon as possible, and it is my hope that after  additional consultation, Treasury will understand that future funds  must be allocated to tribal governments primarily based on economic  factors such as total governmental and enterprise expenditures in 2019  or wages paid to employees as measured by quarterly IRS Form 941s.   Mr. Speaker, in this unprecedented time we face a question: will we  use this pandemic as an excuse to walk away from our treaty and trust  obligations to the indigenous peoples of this country? Or, will we rise  to the occasion and make a clear statement that this country values our  diversity and our commitments, and invest in the communities that need  it most. I am proud to stand with our tribal nations in this difficult  moment, and I urge my colleague to support this bill.   