 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 1067, I call up  the bill (H.R. 7617) making appropriations for the Department of  Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2021, and for other  purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include  extraneous material on the measure under consideration    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Today, we continue investing for the people with H.R. 7617.   This minibus combines six appropriations bills: Defense, Commerce- Justice-Science, Energy and Water Development, Financial Services and  General Government, Labor-HHS-Education, and Transportation-Housing and  Urban Development.   The bill promotes economic recovery from the devastating COVID-19  pandemic. It provides more than $200 billion in emergency funding to  rebuild our Nation's transportation, housing, and energy  infrastructure; to expand broadband to unserved and underserved areas;  and to rebuild the Nation's aged public health capacity and support  State and local health agencies and global health activities.   The bill prioritizes public health and safety with $47 billion for  lifesaving medical research at the National Institutes of Health and  $50 million, an increase of $25 million above fiscal year 2020, for  firearm injury and mortality prevention research at the NIH and CDC. It  includes strong funding for numerous public health efforts, including  initiatives to reduce HIV infections, address tobacco and e-cigarette  use, and ensure food safety.   As we confront the twin crises of COVID-19 and systemic racism, the  bill  [[Page H4112]]  takes bold steps to build safer and stronger communities for all  people. It provides strong funding to support law enforcement reform at  the State and local level while catalyzing economic development in  disadvantaged communities that is fundamental to a more just and  equitable society.   Among other priorities, the bill invests in education and job  training; expands access to safe, affordable, and fair housing;  supports servicemembers and military families; and combats climate  change and embraces a clean energy future.   This package prioritizes the lives and livelihoods of the American  people and makes the strong investments needed to build a stronger  future for every person.   It is the product of months of thoughtful deliberation and input from  Members on both sides of the aisle. I am proud of the work we have  completed under the incredibly difficult circumstances of the COVID-19  pandemic. Our incredibly talented appropriations subcommittee chairs  will discuss more about what this package does for the people.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support for the bill, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Ohio (Ms. Kaptur), the chairwoman of the Subcommittee on Energy and  Water Development, and Related Agencies.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from Ohio an  additional 30 seconds.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, it is such an honor for me to yield to the next speaker,  the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Visclosky), who is the chairman of the  Subcommittee on Defense.   Mr. Visclosky has announced that he is going to retire, but he has  committed so much of his knowledge, his energy, to a bill that requires  a lot of knowledge of detail. It is a very, very difficult bill, but  Mr. Visclosky has mastered it.   At the same time that the gentleman has focused on this very  important bill, he remembers all of his constituents back home. My  vision of Mr. Visclosky was writing notes and participating in the  hearing, but it was clear to me that the gentleman served every one of  his constituents with distinction as well as being chairman of this  committee.   Mr. Speaker, I say to Mr. Visclosky: Good luck, my friend. Good  health, my friend. I wish you everything the best on your retirement,  and more time with family and friends.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr.  Visclosky), the outstanding chair of the Subcommittee on Defense.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro), who is the outstanding and passionate chair  of the Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and  Related Agencies.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from Connecticut  (Ms. DeLauro) an additional 30 seconds.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentlewoman.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished  gentlewoman from California (Ms. Roybal-Allard), the hardworking  chairwoman of the Subcommittee on Homeland Security, a woman with  endless patience and expertise who has worked with dozens of groups who  have such definite ideas on this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. Price), the chairman of the  Subcommittee on Transportation and Housing and Urban Development.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentleman.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Quigley), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Financial  Services and General Government.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Cartwright), the vice chair of the Commerce, Justice,  Science, and Related Agencies Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, yes, I am.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, I do want to say to my dear friend, Mr. Cole, that I  will truly miss you. We have worked together on so many issues, and not  only are you thoughtful, intelligent, and enthusiastic, but you are a  real partner.   And I am not sure what the future brings for any of us, but let's  hope that this coronavirus disappears somehow soon. I hope my friend,  Ms. Granger, does not, frankly, suffer from it, and I am glad that she  is going through a period of isolation. Let's hope there is some good  news. But, for me, it has really been a pleasure not only to work with  you, but to be your friend.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his very, very kind remarks.   Mr. Speaker, I am very proud of the work we have completed under  incredibly difficult circumstances, and I would like to thank our  wonderful subcommittee chairs, particularly Pete Visclosky and Jose  Serrano, who are also retiring. I thank them both for their outstanding  service.   This is an excellent package of appropriation bills that lives up to  the principle that has guided our work together: Do the best we can to  make life better for the most people we can.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support for the bill, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Pursuant to House Resolution 1067, I offer amendments en  bloc.    Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from California (Mr. McNerney).    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Tennessee (Mr. Cooper).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  North Carolina (Ms. Adams).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from New York (Mr. Rose).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Tennessee (Mr. Cooper).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. McNerney).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Ruiz).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Michigan (Ms. Tlaib).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Cardenas).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Colorado (Mr. Crow).    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 1067, I offer  amendments en bloc.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Cuellar), a member of the Committee on Appropriations.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   