 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, yesterday, I came to the floor to talk  about the need to provide relief for families across this country who  are hurting because of this coronavirus crisis. I said that people are  frightened, that they are stressed, and that they are looking to us to  take action. Many people have lost their jobs. Many are watching their  hard-earned savings evaporate. Many don't know when they will be able  to go back to work.   Here in this body, my colleagues and I are trying to move forward on  a bill that would provide relief to individuals, to families, to small  and medium-sized businesses, and to our agriculture producers. Our bill  would help to stabilize our economy in this downturn. The Senate bill  offers reasonable, sorely needed solutions that will help families.  Yet, while the anxiety and frustration around this country rises, the  other side is obstructing and delaying the relief that the American  people need.   Let's look at what is happening here and on the other side of this  building.   The House Democrats ceased bipartisan negotiations on COVID-19--the  relief package that we have been working on--so that they could write  their own bill. What are the provisions that Speaker Pelosi and the  House Democrats think are critical right now during this crisis of  unprecedented proportion like we have never seen before? It is a wish  list about which many of my colleagues have spoken. It is a wish list  that has nothing to do with the crisis at hand--nothing to save lives  and no serious, new effort to provide relief.   Yesterday, I also spoke about the fact that, in our bill, we have  relief for agriculture. It is the only effort to provide relief for  agriculture producers, and it was facing a Democratic effort to be  removed from the bill. I don't often agree with the chair of the  Nebraska Democratic Party, but she was right when she said recently, in  an interview with The Hill, that the Democrats don't have a plan for  rural America. According to the article, she said that the Democrats  only address rural voters directly--people in rural communities--when  they show up in Iowa to campaign for votes.   To the hard-working men and women of rural America, I say to you:  Take note. Take note on who recognizes your vital role in our country  and who is fighting for you.   People are sick and people are scared. As of this morning, my home  State of Nebraska now has 62 confirmed cases of COVID-19. Addressing  these Democratic priorities will not help our healthcare workers, who  are on the frontlines in this fight against this virus. It will not  help our small businesses that might have to lay off people or shut  their doors for good if they don't get this assistance. It doesn't help  our ag producers in Nebraska and all across the heartland who are  working tirelessly to feed the world during these tough times.   I will say again what I said yesterday: We don't have a lot of time  here. I urge all of my colleagues to work together and save the debate  on a wish list for another day. Today, let's give the American people  what they need, and that is relief--relief for the families who are at  home, caring for their children, and doing everything they can to make  ends meet; relief for our amazing healthcare workers and community  hospitals that are combating this disease, caring for their patients  and saving lives; relief for small Main Street businesses--the backbone  of America--that make our communities vibrant and prosperous. Let's  give all of these great Americans the critical relief to help carry  them through this crisis.   I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to work in a  productive way to get this next phase of relief passed and send it to  the President's desk as soon as possible.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   