 Madam President, the last 6 months have been among our  country's most trying and pain-filled in recent history. Nearly 160,000  Americans have lost their lives--that is more than enough people to  fill Seattle's CenturyLink stadium twice--and 4.7 million Americans  have been infected. Everywhere, nationwide, we see the economic  consequences of this virus--millions of people losing their jobs and  their healthcare; millions more at risk of losing their homes; food  lines a mile long. All of this as our country begins long-overdue work  to grapple not just with police brutality against Black people and  communities of color but also with the racial injustice imbedded in our  laws and policies, which has caused COVID-19 to have vastly  disproportionate impacts on those very same communities.   Since my home State of Washington was hit hard early back in  February, I have been ringing alarm bells every day, day in and day  out, about the need for the Trump administration and this Republican- controlled Senate to act with urgency, to listen to public health  experts, and to follow the science and put the health and safety of  workers and families above any political consideration. So you can  imagine my frustration that for months, as Democrats urged Republicans  to work with us on additional relief and pass legislation to do just  that in the House, Republicans have refused.   As we got closer and closer to laid-off workers seeing dramatic cuts  in unemployment benefits, as we got closer to the expiration of the  eviction moratorium, we heard the Senate Republican leader was ``in  favor of States just going bankrupt.'' That was April. We heard that  Senate Republicans didn't feel any urgency to act. That was May. Now it  is August, and with this virus still raging, Senate Republican leaders  finally produced a so-called relief package that actually grants  corporations a ``get out of jail free'' card if their employees or  customers get sick. It guts jobless benefits. It rolls back critical  civil rights protections for workers, including communities of color,  LGBTQIA and other people, women, older Americans, and people with  disabilities.   It is a package that fails to keep our childcare sector stabilized  for more than a month; to provide the significant funding we need to  finally make testing and contact tracing fast, free, and everywhere;  and to require the type of end-to-end, comprehensive plan that we need  to make sure safe, effective vaccines are cost-free and wildly  available.   Their package will not help the millions who have lost health  insurance coverage during this crisis or help people suffering from the  virus afford treatment. It does nothing to address the impact of this  virus on Black, Latinx, Tribal communities, and other communities of  color, and it provides zero relief for State, local, and Tribal  governments, which is an absolute necessity for my State and so many  others.   If that is not enough, one of the centerpieces of this bill is a  demand, tweeted out by the President of the United States, which I, as  a former preschool teacher and a mom and a grandmother, find especially  insidious and harmful. This is the Republican policy to try to force  schools to reopen for in-person learning, regardless of what the public  health experts recommend. This policy is a lose, lose, lose. It  threatens the health and safety of students and families, educators and  communities. It would in particular pressure high-need school districts  to reopen in person despite the risk, and it could spread this virus  further and longer.   Many school districts are already rejecting that policy and planning  for distance learning this fall for every student because, let me be  clear, no student's education, regardless of where it takes place,  should falter because the President wants to pretend this virus has  gone away or because Republicans in the Senate are unwilling to stand  up to him   If a school cannot safely reopen in person, they need the resources  to ensure that every student and educator has access to a computer, to  the internet, and to other equipment necessary to learn outside of a  traditional classroom. So what we need to do is pass the Coronavirus  Child Care and Education Relief Act, which provides K-12 schools with  $175 billion to make sure schools can continue to educate students in  whatever way is safest.   It makes addition investments in stabilizing our childcare and higher  education systems, which are facing financial crisis, and it helps  ensure that students of all ages, who are disproportionately impacted  by this virus, are supported through all they are facing.  [[Page S4704]]    I know there are some who say the investments we are proposing are  too much. Well, what I would say to them, as a former chair of the  Budget Committee in the Senate, is that budgets are statements of our  values and our priorities, and I believe that one of our top priorities  at all times, but especially in a pandemic, should be making sure that  students and families and educators do not have to choose between  safety and quality public education.   The parents and families I am hearing from are under such immense  pressure right now. My question to Republican leaders is, why, when  things are already so hard, are you determined to make them harder for  people who are already struggling so much?   This question is personal for me for a lot of reasons, one of which  is because, when I was growing up, my family fell on hard times. My  dad, who was a World War II veteran, was diagnosed with multiple  sclerosis, and he couldn't work any longer. That meant that my mom, who  had stayed home to raise our family, had to take care of him while also  working to support our family. Her job didn't pay enough to support me  and my six brothers and sisters or cover the growing medical bills. For  several months, we had to rely on food stamps, and then my mom got  Federal support to go back to school, and she got a better job. My  brothers and sisters and I got grants and student loans to go to  college.   The point is, I know things could have gone a far different way for  us had the government just said: Sorry; you are on your own.   Well, right now, families across the country have fallen on  incredibly hard times. They are worried and scared because, so far,  ``You are on your own'' is largely what this Republican-controlled  Senate and administration have told them.   We owe every worker and family, including immigrant families--so many  of whom are on the frontlines of this fight--relief that reflects the  depth of this crisis and helps them get back on their feet, just like  mine was able to; relief that helps kids learn safely and keeps  families in their homes, with food on the table, until we can get  through this; relief that helps us come back stronger as a nation. It  is not too much to ask. In fact, it is what we are supposed to be here  to do, and it is what I and Democrats are going to keep fighting for.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   