 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I thank Chairman Scott and the committee  for working so hard to bring this historic legislation to the floor.   As Members may know, my district, which includes the city of Detroit,  was built on the backs of unions and standing up for worker rights.  Thanks to our unions, our communities receive respectful benefits, fair  pay, and great representation. However--this comes as no surprise--this  administration has weakened workers' rights and labor authority.   The PRO Act and my amendment look to shed some light on these recent  attacks by strengthening workers' rights to a free and fair union  representation election. My amendment accomplishes this by preventing  unnecessary delays between the filing of a petition and the holding of  an election. When such delays ensue, this gives employers the  opportunity to launch antiunion campaigns designed to erode union  support.   Madam Chair, we need to protect workers' rights to a timely election,  not dismiss it. My amendment does just that, as it looks to eliminate  an unnecessary delay relating to union elections recently imposed by  the NLRB. This amendment addresses the mandatory 20-day wait period  between the filing of the petition and holding the election. There has  been no justification for establishing this wait period.   In 2014, under the Obama administration, the NLRB updated its union  election processes by enacting reasonable deadlines and preventing  employers from stalling elections through frivolous litigation. The PRO  Act codifies many of these requirements, including the timelines for  pre- and post-election hearings.   One of the most notable changes in the 2014 election rule was that  once the NLRB regional director concludes that an election should  happen, the regional director must schedule the election for the  earliest date practicable. The NLRB changed this by requiring regional  directors to impose a random 20-day waiting period.   My amendment eliminates this arbitrary waiting period and returns to  the requirement that an election shall be scheduled as soon as  practicable, unless extraordinary circumstances apply.   Workers who request a union representation election should not be  impeded in their right to vote with frivolous delays. Democracy in the  workplace should be a right, not a fight.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, unnecessary delays only serve one  purpose, and that is to enable antiunion employers to have more time to  expose employees to their campaign against the union.   I have so much respect for my colleague on the other side, but to say  that we should not protect our workers because of a union boss? They  are not bosses. They are elected by the membership.   We should be promoting employee free choice by ensuring that their  vote is untainted by an employer delay or interference. Once the NLRB  determines that an election should go forward, it should happen as soon  as possible.   I urge a ``yes'' vote on my amendment and this bill, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I want to be clear that we should be  promoting employee free choice. This is not about the election process.   When we are standing here on the floor, we are talking about the  American people and their rights. I stand here representing the city of  Detroit, the city that put the country on wheels by strong union  workers.   I urge a ``yes'' vote on this amendment and a ``yes'' vote on this  bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.   