 Madam President, I come to the floor this afternoon to  express my profound disappointment. This is a sad moment in our  Nation's history. I, like all of us in the Senate, came to this body to  try and make a difference for our constituents, to address the kitchen  table issues that affect their everyday lives--lowering prescription  drug costs, rebuilding our crumbling infrastructure, making college  more affordable, protecting our environment, helping our veterans,  supporting our small businesses--so many of the things that I and  others here have worked on.   Critics have argued that the impeachment process is nothing more than  a political attack orchestrated by those who have wanted to remove this  President since his election. I flatly reject that argument.   I have repeatedly expressed my reluctance to the use of impeachment.  Unfortunately, it is this President's disturbing actions that have put  us in this position.   President Trump went to great lengths to try and force the Ukrainian  President to help smear Joe Biden, his political rival. This scheme  included withholding military aid and withholding a meeting at the  White House with the Ukrainian President.   Each of us here took an oath to support and defend the Constitution.  The Constitution requires us to do this job. It tells us that the  Senate shall have ``the sole Power to try all Impeachments.'' After the  power to declare war, the power to impeach is among the most serious  and consequential powers granted to Congress by our founding document.   When we all stood here at the beginning of this trial, we took an  oath to do ``impartial justice.'' That should mean a commitment to seek  all of the facts. A fair trial means documents and witnesses, facts  that will help us better understand the truth.   Previous Senates understood this. In fact, every Senate impeachment  trial in history included witnesses. Most recently, in the Judge  Porteous impeachment trial in 2010, when I was one of the Senators who  served on that impeachment committee, we heard from 26 witnesses, 17 of  whom had not testified before in the House. We believed then that  Senate witnesses were important for impeachment of a Federal district  court judge. So why wouldn't we  [[Page S838]]  want witnesses in something as important as an impeachment of a sitting  President?   We know that documents exist that could help shed more light on this  case. We also know of other witnesses with additional firsthand  information whom we have yet to hear from. We have one witness, in  particular--former National Security Advisor John Bolton, who has told  the world he has relevant information and he is willing to testify.   Yet, despite all of that, the Senate, on a partisan vote, refused to  listen to Ambassador Bolton or any other witnesses. Members of this  institution have willfully turned their back on important, relevant,  firsthand information.   On the Articles of Impeachment before us, I have listened to the  extensive arguments from both the House managers and the defense  counsel for the President. I believe the evidence clearly shows that  the President abused his power--which has been acknowledged by several  Republican Senators--and he obstructed Congress, which is why I will be  supporting both Articles of Impeachment.   On the first Article of Impeachment, it is my strong view that the  House managers have proved that President Trump withheld military aid  and a White House meeting from the Government of Ukraine to further his  own political interests in the upcoming Presidential election and to  damage the candidacy of his opponent. The evidence presented to the  Senate was overwhelming.   Further supporting the House managers' case, the independent  Government Accountability Office, the GAO, concluded that the  withholding of military aid to Ukraine was improper and illegal under  the law. The nature of the President's offenses outlined in the  articles strike at the very heart of our democratic system.   Our Founding Fathers were very concerned about both foreign  interference in our democracy and the executive abusing the powers of  the office for electoral gain. James Madison warned of a President who  ``might betray his trust to foreign powers.''   George Washington, in his Farewell Address, warned us all ``to be  constantly awake, since history and experience prove that foreign  influence is one of the most baneful foes of republican government.''   As a Senator who sits on the Armed Services and Foreign Relations  Committees, I am keenly aware of the serious national security  interests that are at stake here. This body, the Senate, has been  deeply supportive of an independent Ukraine and a strong U.S.-Ukraine  relationship. I join with Senators from both sides of the aisle in  support of providing lethal assistance to help Ukraine better defend  itself from Russian aggression. We continue to do so because it is in  our direct national security interest to support our partner in the  midst of an active war with Russia, our adversary.   We know that Russia has serious designs on Eastern Europe. They are  looking at ways to influence European countries--former Soviet  republics where they think they can make inroads--and Ukraine is  standing at the wall between Eastern Europe and Russia.   I also joined the bipartisan leadership of the Ukraine Caucus in  writing a letter expressing deep concerns over reports that aid to  Ukraine was being held up. This September 2019 letter clearly stated  that the administration's hold on assistance would do lasting damage to  the Ukrainian military and would undo the progress made by Ukraine to  defend itself. That was a bipartisan letter.   Putting our national security at risk in order to secure personal  political favors is an unacceptable abuse of power, and that is why we  are here today. In response to the overwhelming evidence presented by  the House managers, the President's counsels failed to refute these  serious allegations. Their arguments that President Trump was focused  only on the national interest are not supported by the facts. The  President has never demonstrated an interest in rooting out corruption  in Ukraine and has a troubling pattern of personally seeking political  dirt from foreign governments. I worry that this behavior will  continue.   The 2020 election is 9 months away, and the President continues to  suggest that he would consider receiving political help from foreign  governments. Just recently, the President suggested that China should  also investigate the Bidens.   Now, with respect to the second article dealing with obstruction of  justice, the House managers have also presented overwhelming evidence  that President Trump obstructed the investigation into his conduct  toward Ukraine. The President has repeatedly denied the House of  Representatives' constitutional authority to conduct an impeachment  inquiry. The President ordered Federal agencies and officials to ignore  all requests for documents and all subpoenas. Those agencies obeyed the  President's order, and not a single document was turned over to the  House. In total, nine witnesses called by the House followed President  Trump's order and refused to testify under subpoena in the impeachment  proceedings. This is an unprecedented attempt to thwart Congress's  constitutional authority to exercise the impeachment power. Even  President Nixon instructed his White House staff to voluntarily appear  before Congress and to testify under oath.   Despite the administration's stonewalling, many courageous officials  did come forward to testify at great personal and professional expense.  I want to thank those who testified. Their bravery and commitment to  the truth should be commended. But if the President is allowed to  completely stonewall congressional impeachment investigations into  executive branch abuses, then the congressional power of impeachment is  meaningless.   As a Senator, I never imagined I would have to participate in an  impeachment trial of a sitting President. These proceedings cause  strain and division not just here in Congress but across the country. I  would much prefer that Congress be engaged in the critical bipartisan  work that is needed on important issues, things that can improve lives  across this country and move our Nation forward. I hope that this body  will move on from this disappointing day and will get back to the  business of the country.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   