 Mr. President, next Thursday is Thanksgiving, and we  are here today because, even during a tough year like this one, we have  so many things to be thankful for.   In that spirit, I would like to tell a short story about a Nebraskan  whose contribution to the history of our country is pretty  extraordinary.   In 1886, Andrew Jackson Higgins was born in the small town of  Columbus, NE. He spent most of his childhood in Omaha, and he served in  the Nebraska Army National Guard after the turn of the 20th century  before moving to Alabama at the age of 20 to work in the lumber  industry.   He worked a wide variety of jobs, hoping to learn enough to  eventually start his own business. He succeeded in his dream in 1922  when he founded Higgins Lumber and Export Company, which quickly grew  to become one of the largest lumber companies in North America.   Four years later, his company designed the Eureka boat, a 36-foot- long boat that was able to sail in just a few feet of water. At the  time, lumber could only be loaded onto ships at port, but a craft that  could operate in such shallow water could run on and off of riverbanks,  enabling Higgins Lumber and Export Company to load and unload its  lumber just about anywhere.   In short, Andrew Higgins built the Eureka boat simply to make his  employees' lives easier, and that was an honorable goal. But throughout  the next decade, as it became clear that Hitler decided to plunge the  world back into war, the U.S. military began to search for a way to  land soldiers directly onto beaches. They turned to the Eureka boat,  which beat the Navy's design in a head-to-head test in 1939.   There was just one problem: The only way to get on or off the boat  was by jumping over the sides, and this would leave soldiers exposed to  enemy fire in combat. To get around this, the Navy asked Higgins to add  a ramp door to the boat's bow. He returned with the final design just a  month later, and the Higgins boat was born.   Andrew Higgins' company went on to produce over 23,000 of these  boats, and his design worked so well that the Allies trusted them to  carry our soldiers across the English Channel on D-Day. Without the  Higgins boat, we may not have turned the tide of World War II at  Normandy. We may never have liberated Europe from Hitler's grasp.   In fact, President Dwight Eisenhower, who was the Supreme Allied  Commander in Europe on D-Day, went as far as to say that Andrew Higgins  was ``the man who won the war for us.''   It was an honor to attend the 75th anniversary of D-Day last year at  Omaha Beach, to see firsthand the beach where the ``greatest  generation'' jumped out of those boats that Andrew Higgins built to  save the world from Naziism.   I am thankful for them, and I am thankful for the sacrifices that all  of our veterans and Active-Duty servicemembers make each and every day.   We all know that Thanksgiving is going to be a little different this  year. As important as it is to spend time with our extended family,  many of whom we only see once a year, it is just as important to do  what we can to protect those we love from this virus.   I won't pretend that it is easy to spend Thanksgiving apart from  these large gatherings of loved ones, but I hope the far greater  sacrifices our soldiers and veterans have made will help us to keep  this hardship in perspective.   This Thanksgiving, let's give thanks for our military; let's give  thanks for Andrew Higgins and the Higgins boat, which saved the lives  of so many of our soldiers on D-Day; and let's give thanks for our  veterans and those currently serving this country in the Armed Forces.  Without the sacrifices that they have made and continue to make every  day, our country wouldn't be as great as it is today. Their service  makes Thanksgiving possible, this year and every year.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   