 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include  extraneous material on H.R. 5687.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   In recent weeks, thousands of families in Puerto Rico were forced  from their homes, schools were flattened, roads and infrastructure were  severely damaged as earthquakes racked an island still struggling to  recover from the devastation of Hurricanes Maria and Irma.   While President Trump has finally released some of the aid that  Congress appropriated for those hurricanes, more support is clearly  needed. We must act now on our shared responsibility to assist  Americans in need.    This emergency supplemental would provide $4.67 billion in targeted  assistance to help families and communities recover from these  devastating earthquakes and put Puerto Rico on a better path to long- term recovery.   It includes: $3.26 billion in Community Development Block Grant  Disaster Recovery funds;   $1.25 billion for repairs to damaged road systems;   $100 million to restart school operations;   $40 million for disaster nutrition assistance in Puerto Rico; and   More than $20 million to help address the island's energy needs.   In addition, this bill would provide Puerto Rico with flexibility to  use this funding in conjunction with earlier disaster relief resources.   Critically, it also takes swift action against the Trump  administration's outrageous withholding of vital aid to Puerto Rico.  This bill would require detailed spending plans and mandate that  funding be released in a timely manner.   Finally, the bill carries a number of tax-related provisions in the  jurisdiction of the Committee on Ways and Means that will complement  the emergency appropriations and support working families and encourage  economic growth.   Madam Chair, our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico need our help.  Unless we step up to the plate right now, we further jeopardize their  safety and security.   With this bill, we can provide families and communities swift relief  and put Puerto Rico on the path to long-term recovery.   I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this legislation, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. Kaptur), the distinguished chairwoman of the  Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies.    I yield the gentlewoman from Ohio an additional 30  seconds.     Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Serrano), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Commerce,  Justice, and Science.    Madam Chair, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro), the chairwoman of the Subcommittee on  Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies.    Madam Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  North Carolina (Mr. Price), the chairman of the Subcommittee on  Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies.    Madam Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Massachusetts (Mr. Neal), the distinguished chairman who came to  Congress at the same time I did and is now chair of the Committee on  Ways and Means.   (Mr. NEAL asked and was given permission to revise and extend his  remarks.)    Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New  Jersey (Mr. Pascrell), a distinguished member of the Committee on Ways  and Means.    Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  New York (Ms. Velazquez), the distinguished chairwoman of the Committee  on Small Business, who has been an eloquent, persistent speaker in  favor of this aid because she understands that her homeland, where  family still resides, needs this money now, and we have an obligation  to provide it now.    Madam Chair, I yield an addition 1 minute to the  gentlewoman.    Madam Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Arizona (Mr. Grijalva), the chairman of the Committee on Natural  Resources.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I  would like to remind the gentleman from South Carolina, who is on his  way out, that this bill has $25.7 million for South Carolina to deal  with the destruction and the needs.   I would also urge the gentleman, because he did give a thoughtful  analysis, to perhaps visit Puerto Rico as many of us have. See the  tarps on the homes, people without roofs, kids that are not in school,  homes that don't have water, and don't have heat.   I would be happy to work with the gentleman to analyze, visit Puerto  Rico, see the needs, and I am happy to come to South Carolina if there  are unmet needs that have not been provided for. We are happy to work  together. But again, in this bill, there is $25.7 million for South  Carolina.   Madam Chairwoman, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman  from the Virgin Islands (Ms. Plaskett).    Madam Chair, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney), chairwoman of the  Committee on Oversight and Reform.    Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Ocasio-Cortez).    Madam Chair, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. Sablan).    Madam Chair, I yield myself the balance of my time to  close.   Madam Chair, this emergency supplemental is critical to help Puerto  Rico get back on its feet and build a better future.   In a demonstration of unprecedented hostility to Puerto Ricans,  President Trump has turned his back on the island. This Congress must  not do the same.   With this legislation, Madam Chair, we can feed the hungry, repair  damage, rebuild roads, restart schools, and keep the lights on.   Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to vote for this critical  assistance. It is absolutely essential. I do wish more of my colleagues  had visited the island, seen the tarps on the homes instead of roofs,  tried to get back through those roads that are so slushy, walking  through, driving through, and talking to the people. It is essential  that we pass this critical assistance.   Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I am pleased to support this excellent  amendment.    Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that, in the  engrossment of the bill, H.R. 5687, the Clerk be authorized to make  technical corrections and conforming changes to the bill, including the  change I have placed at the desk.   