 Madam President, I come to the floor today to raise the  concern about the need to pass another package of assistance to address  the coronavirus.   I had a chance over the weeks that we were in our home States in  October and after the election to travel around New Hampshire and to  talk with a number of our small businesses, representatives from  nursing homes, from our hospitals, from so many of the people who are  affected by what is happening with COVID-19.   And what I heard was that too many people are struggling; too many  people are hurting, and they need help.   New Hampshire has a small business economy. It is an economy where  over 50 percent of our workers are employed by small businesses, where  about 98 percent of the businesses in New Hampshire are considered to  be small businesses.   And I was very proud of being able to work with Senators Cardin and  Rubio and Collins to design the Paycheck Protection Program as part of  the CARES Act that has helped over 24,000 small businesses during the  time after it was passed--small businesses and nonprofits.   That also was instrumental in bringing $2.5 billion into New  Hampshire and keeping 200,000 people employed.   Many of those small businesses have bounced back to where they were  before COVID-19, but too many of them still need help, and they are  worried about whether they are going to be able to get through the  winter.   Of special concern are businesses in the hospitality industry--our  hotels and restaurants. Tourism is our second largest industry in New  Hampshire.   Recently, I had a conference call with a number of folks from the  Hotel and Lodging Association. One of the things that they told me is  that they are not sure how they are going to get through the winter.   For many of our restaurants, about a third of their business has come  over the summer from outdoor eating, and that, of course, is ending in  New Hampshire as the weather gets cold. How they are going to make that  up is a real question.   Restaurants were the first businesses to be shut down in New  Hampshire; they were the last businesses to open up; and now we have a  huge industry that is not sure how it is going to get through the year.   The second highest number of workers in this country are in the  restaurant industry. We have got to provide some help for them, and it  needs to be significant. We also have to look at the hotels. Again, a  big piece of what we have got to address.   There was a recent report from the American Hotel and Lodging  Association that showed that business travel over the holidays is going  to be down significantly. That is a big source of  [[Page S7062]]  revenue for many of those businesses, and we have got to provide some  help and some additional help for those businesses as we look at trying  to get a package of assistance.   Another round of the PPP program is probably important. We know we  had about $125 billion left in that program, but we need to think about  how we can target it best to those industries that are most affected,  also to minority businesses that may not have a relationship with a  financial institution.   So as we think about what we have got to do, that is one of the big  pieces.   I had a chance to visit a restaurant over in the western part of our  State. It was a business that I visited 6 years ago, right after it had  opened--a restaurant and pub.   When I went there, they had five employees. It is a young man and his  mother who run the business. I asked him if he was able to get a PPP  loan. He said, yes, but he said: My mother and I haven't taken a salary  since March because it didn't seem right to lay off one of my five  employees who have families just so that I could take a salary. He  said: So we are doing everything we can to get by. We hope we will be  able to make it, but it is not at all clear that we will be able to do  that.   I looked around the restaurant, and in the middle of the restaurant  was a big barrel, and it was filled with canned goods and dried goods-- food. On it was a sign that said, ``Take what you need,'' because we  have so many people who are desperate--desperate for food, desperate  for housing.   As I talked to the mayors in New Hampshire, particularly in our two  largest cities, Manchester and Nashua, housing and homelessness is a  huge issue. Homelessness has increased exponentially. In Manchester,  our biggest city, we have 35 encampments of the homeless. The biggest  one is on the grounds of the State superior court.   What does it say when, in the richest country in the world, we have  so many people who are homeless? And the problem is getting worse. I  talked to the community action agencies in New Hampshire, which are  providing help for people with housing. They told me they are seeing  people they have never seen before--people who need help because of  COVID.   Then there are the childcare centers and camps. In New Hampshire, our  camps have been a special part of our summer experience. We have people  from all over the country who come to camps in New Hampshire. Only six  of our overnight camps were able to operate through the summer, and  they operate on a margin that says if they don't make it in the summer,  they are not going to get any revenue for another year until next  summer. They are worried about whether they are going to go under  between now and next summer.   Our childcare centers--I heard from Jackie Cowell, who runs an  organization called Early Learning New Hampshire, which is an umbrella  organization for childcare in New Hampshire. What she told me is that  if they get no help, by next year 50 percent of the childcare centers  in New Hampshire will be out of business.   As I talked to employers at some of those small businesses, they tell  me one of the challenges they have is being able to bring workers back  when they are able to operate because they don't have any childcare for  their kids. And, of course, with schools going so remote, there is a  real concern about parents and how they are dealing with their kids.  Most parents and most schools want to bring the kids back, but in order  to do that, they have to make sure that it is safe, and they need help  in order to make sure it is safe. They need help with HVAC systems and  with the cleaning supplies and the PPE that are necessary in order to  make sure the schools are safe for the students. We have to provide  help for those schools. We have to provide help for the childcare  centers and help for our small businesses.   Then, of course, I met with nursing homes in New Hampshire. Long-term  care facilities have had about 40 percent of the deaths as a result of  COVID-19 in this country, and yet they have only gotten about 4 percent  of the funding. In New Hampshire, where we have the highest percentage  of deaths in our long-term care facilities of any State in the country,  82 percent of our deaths have been in nursing homes.   Right now they have a workforce shortage that averages about 25  percent. It is so bad that our Governor this week reinstituted a  stipend for long-term care workers. It is something that he started  back in April. It ran through July. As things got better, they needed  less help. But now they are back in a situation where they can't get  the help they need.   I visited a nursing home in the northern part of New Hampshire, Coos  County, our northern most county that borders the Canadian border. What  they told me is that while they have some personal protective  equipment, they don't have enough to guarantee what they need long  term. So here we are, 9 months into this pandemic, and we still have  nursing homes that can't get the help they need, can't get the personal  protective equipment that they need. They are struggling to get by,  struggling to get the workers they need.   Then there are the hospitals. In New Hampshire we have a lot of rural  hospitals. One of them has gone bankrupt in the last couple of weeks  because of COVID. The hospitals in our two biggest cities have had the  majority of the hospitalizations that we have seen in New Hampshire. We  have four hospitals, two in Manchester and two in New Hampshire, that  have dealt with the most COVID patients in the State. Just when they  were beginning to see their patients come back in September and early  October, we are now seeing the cases rise again, and hospitalizations  are up. So they are looking at financial shortfalls at the end of this  year. If we can't provide help for those hospitals, if we can't provide  help for some of our rural hospitals, we are going to see more  bankruptcies. That means not just an impact on the healthcare that they  provide, but for many of those institutions, they are the biggest  employer in their community, so more people are going to be out of  work.   So we are looking at this downward spiral that is going to get ever  worse if we do nothing to address the needs of our businesses, of the  people who are unemployed, of hospitals, childcare centers, and our  schools. It is critical that we come to some agreement. We ought to be  able to reach a bipartisan agreement. It is one of the things I heard  as I was campaigning around New Hampshire. People need help. They need  help now. Why can't we work together to get that done?   I think we need to all double down and try to come to some sort of  compromise that allows us to provide help to people who need it  immediately because if we don't, it is only going to get worse. The  number of coronavirus cases are only going to continue to increase, and  we need to work to address that.   We need to have a transition that allows the next administration to  work with the current administration to make sure that the efforts to  get this new vaccine out--the two vaccines that look like they are  promising--are going to be effective and we are actually going to be  able to get people immunized and have the funding to do that. In order  for that to happen, we have to see a change in the transition, and we  have to work together to make that happen to provide the help that the  States need.   So I am going to be continuing to do everything I can here in this  body to see if we can't come to some agreement around a package that  would provide help to those who need it, and I hope that all of my  colleagues will do the same, that we will all double down on the  efforts. I am not saying we should help people who don't need it. That  is obvious. But we should help the people who need help because they  are struggling, and it is not going to get any better unless we provide  some assistance.   I hope we are going to see some action in the next couple of weeks  between now and the end of the year   I yield the floor.   