 Mr. Speaker, I stand here today in honor  of Savanna LaFontaine-Greywind and the Native American women missing  and murdered with no justice in sight.   Savanna was just 22, a member of the Spirit Lake Tribe. She was 8  months pregnant and expecting her baby any day when she was murdered in  August of 2017. A neighbor in her apartment building lured her next  door and attacked her. When her body was found, the coroner could not  determine if the cause of death was the loss of blood from the vicious  wounds on her body or strangulation from the rope around her neck.   Instead of getting to hold her brand-new baby in her arms and  imagining a bright future for herself and her little one, Savanna's  future was cut short.   Savanna's death shines a light on a horrific reality in this country  where Native American women face a murder rate 10 times higher than the  national average.   The statistics should shock everyone listening to this debate.  Eighty-four percent of Native women experience some form of violence in  their lifetime--84 percent. Think of your 50 closest friends and family  members, and now imagine 42 out of those 50 experiencing some type of  violence.    We cannot stand silent. We stand together, heartbroken, disgusting,  and horrified, but we cannot stand back and do nothing.   I introduced the House version of Savanna's Act to address the  disturbing rates of missing and murdered Native American women, and I  was very honored to have the opportunity to work with my good friend,  Ms. Haaland, across the aisle with Mr. Newhouse, and with Senator  Murkowski and Senator Cortez Masto on the Senate version. We came  together as Democrats and Republicans. We met many, many, many times to  ensure that this was a bill that all of our colleagues could stand for  and support and right a wrong for Native American women.   To date, there is no reliable way of knowing how many Native women go  missing each year because the databases that hold statistics of these  cases are outdated. A lack of coordination between law enforcement  agencies only adds to the confusion, and, as a result, murderers get  away with killing Native American women.   This bill will finally ensure the Department of Justice, State and  local law enforcement agencies, and our communities can work together  to address this violence.   Because of this bill, the Department of Justice will develop  regionally appropriate guidelines for response to cases of missing and  murdered Native Americans, and the DOJ will provide training and  technical assistance to Tribes and law enforcement agencies for  implementation of the developed guidelines.   In addition, this bill will authorize grants to ensure that all  members of  [[Page H4576]]  our community are effectively working together to stop the kidnapping  and murdering of Native women.   Native women have endured horrific rates of assault, rape, and murder  for far too long, and I hope this bill brings some closure to Savanna's  family and the countless family members in Native communities who live  with the pain of a lost loved one every day.   Let me be clear: It is their unwavering advocacy that made this day a  reality, and an untold number of lives will be saved as a result.   