 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this motion to  recommit.    Mr. Speaker, 47,000 Transportation Security officers  just heard the comments of my colleague, Mrs. Lesko, and many of them  we will see today as we cast our votes and fly home to our districts. I  am sure many people on this House floor will say, ``Thank you for your  service,'' to the 47,000 men and women who do the jobs to keep the  flying public safe every day.   The behavior that Mrs. Lesko cited from LAX, that is offensive to, I  am sure, everyone in this room. But let me be clear: There is nothing  in this bill that will allow the TSA to hire individuals who have been  convicted of sex crimes or offenses against a minor, a crime of  violence, or terrorism.   And let me be clear. In the example, also, that she cited, there is  nothing that would have precluded this person from being hired in the  first place. The behavior took place after the person was hired.   This is a red herring. We decided not to offer this amendment because  it simply isn't necessary.   TSA conducts rigorous background checks and will continue to do so.   Now, let me say this: I was assigned to the Orlando International  Airport as a police captain during 9/11, and I did not come today to  play political games, and neither did the 242 cosponsors of this bill.   Mr. Speaker, let me make this clear. A vote for this motion to  recommit is a vote against the Transportation Security officers. They  are the frontline  [[Page H1518]]  workers who worked through a government shutdown, without being paid,  to keep America safe. They are still showing up today, each of them  interacting with thousands of passengers even as we face a public  health crisis.   Today, you have a choice: move this bill forward and provide TSOs the  basic rights and benefits they deserve, or deny them those rights. It  is just that simple.   Mr. Speaker, today, we have a bipartisan solution that will allow us  to ensure that the workforce gets the same compensation, benefits, and  protections as are available to most other Federal employees. It is  about time that the TSA Federal workforce be treated like Federal  employees.   This is the time not to just say, ``We appreciate you,'' but to show  them how much we appreciate them.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote against this motion and in  support of the bill on final passage.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   