 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am here today to join some of my fellow  Senators here to talk about giving thanks to our military  servicemembers and our veterans. Certainly, this is the thankful and  grateful season that we are heading into. I think November has a lot of  celebratory times both for our families and also for our veterans and  military families.   There is no question that this year has been most different and has  looked very different than most. We have faced so many challenges and  adjusted to a new norm of teleworking, telehealth, telecommuting, all  kinds of different ways to communicate on our devices, FaceTiming--I do  a lot of FaceTiming with my family--and other socially distanced  activities, and I don't see that coming to an end in the near future.  But in the midst of all of this, we certainly do have so much to be  grateful for and thankful for.   A little fun fact is, I was actually born on Thanksgiving Day, and my  parents always joked that they were going to name me ``Thankful Ever  Moore'' because my last name was Moore at the time. And while my  parents, thankfully, decided to go a different route with my name, the  meaning still holds true today.   It is true because I am thankful evermore for many things,  especially, as I said, as we approach this Thanksgiving holiday, which  is just around the corner. And it is going to look a little bit  different for a lot of people, but that doesn't mean it can't be just  as special.   I am thankful evermore for my own personal good health and that of my  family's. I am very, very grateful and thankful for the first  responders and the essential workers and now those workers in the  hospitals who are really seeing a lot more patients coming in with  COVID. I think about the grocery store workers, the truckers, and  others who have really kept life moving during those first months when  we weren't sure how to cope.   I am very grateful for my wonderful community of Charleston, WV,  where I have lived for over 40 years. And I am very grateful for the  opportunity and the honor of a lifetime to represent the people of West  Virginia in the U.S. Senate. I am grateful for our country and all of  the great American thoughts and prayers that have carried many of us  through these last few months.   But I am especially thankful and grateful for the brave  servicemembers who have put their lives on the line for our country  year after year. I am grateful for the many veterans who have come  before them and for the military families from all over the country who  support the men and women who serve.   Just last week, we celebrated Veterans Day. It is always a very  special, kind of solemn day in our State, and it is very well attended.  This year we couldn't have the parades. We did a lot of virtual  celebrations, but it was no less special. This is a day to honor the  men and women of the U.S. Armed Forces, both past and present, who have  stood up to protect the freedoms that we hold dear.   Our military is undoubtedly the very greatest in the world. From the  ``greatest generation'' to our younger soldiers who have fought in Iraq  and Afghanistan, all of our soldiers have served admirably, and I am  pleased to be serving with some who have not just served several years  ago but in recent times.   My home State of West Virginia has a long and proud history of  answering the call of duty. I think we have the highest percentage per  capita of military veterans.   I am the proud daughter of a World War II veteran and Purple Heart  recipient. I grew up hearing stories about heroism displayed on and off  the battlefield and have always been in awe of those who have served  this country.   Interestingly, too, in hearing my father's generation talk about  their service to the country, it was always framed in terms of duty and  love of country and never in terms of ``I had to do this'' or ``my  parents thought it was a good idea.'' These were things deeply held  inside of those veterans who wanted to be a part of something that they  held dear--their love of country, their love of freedom, their love of  liberty.   Woody Williams is one of those individuals who lives in my State.  Many of you have seen them. He did the coin flip at the Super Bowl last  year, I think. I continue to be inspired by him every day. I have  mentioned him more than a few times on the Senate floor, as have all of  our proud West Virginians. He is a proud West Virginian himself and is  one of the last remaining Medal of Honor recipients from World War II.  He turned 97 last month.   He valiantly fought in the Battle of Iwo Jima and rightfully earned  the military's most prestigious medal for his actions during the war.  We are so proud of him and all he does with our Gold Star families. We  have memorials all throughout our State and across the country, where  Woody inspires not just those who have served but those who support and  the families who support those who serve. So we are very proud to call  him our West Virginia own. We did rename the VA center, hospital, in  Huntington after Woody. We had a grand opening. It was really fun.   Whether it be the Korean war, the Vietnam war, the first Gulf war,  the ongoing fight against terrorism in the Middle East, and all the  conflicts that America has fought, our country's servicemembers have  made the ultimate sacrifices to keep our liberties intact.   Sometimes I think people get kind of down about where are we going,  and it seems like we don't have the optimism as a country. Do you know  what? I am very optimistic because of what I am talking about today.   Without the sacrifices of men and women, we would not be able to have  these many freedoms, and it is important to remember those men and  women who have supportive family members.   It is fitting also that this month is Military Family Appreciation  Month. I think about the different moves or the nights of sleeplessness  where you are unsure where your loved one is or how they are serving.  This is a month to honor and recognize the sacrifices and challenges  that military families face while supporting these brave men and women.    Our military families do face unique challenges, and I think here in  this body we take that into consideration quite a bit when we are  looking at appropriations and ways to help our families. We are forever  indebted to the sacrifices they make as their loved ones are fighting  for our freedoms. They are often the ones behind the scenes, faced with  difficult decisions every single day, and it is not easy.  [[Page S7054]]    I have had the chance to meet many military families and hear about  their experiences firsthand, and I have also heard from many of our own  here, particularly Senator Joni Ernst, who served as well and is a  veteran. Senator Martha McSally is also one of those whom I have been  fascinated to hear her path and her service.   Whether it is our current servicemembers, veterans, or military  families, we are so grateful for their service. It is because of their  sacrifice and courage that we are able to enjoy these freedoms and  liberties that we all cherish.   This Thanksgiving, take a moment to thank a veteran, a servicemember,  and in this environment, a frontline worker, an essential worker-- someone who is giving of themselves, sacrificing time with their family  and, in some way, putting themselves in precarious situations with  meeting the health challenges of COVID.   At the same time, this should not be limited to just Thanksgiving or  to Veterans Day or Military Family Appreciation Month. We should be  doing this every day, and we should be making sure that those who serve  know our appreciation, that those who serve know--like the Senator from  North Dakota, who is going to be after me--that their long history of  service in our States--and, certainly, the Presiding Officer's State as  well--all across this country are not going without recognition.   Without this great sacrifice and dedication to defending the flag,  this country would not be what it is today. I mentioned how optimistic  and grateful and thankful I am to be an American.   While this year has thrown a lot our way, and it may be difficult to  see some of the positives, we must always remember that we have much to  be thankful for.   Thank you.   