 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, right now, across New York State, the  country, and the world, we are facing a crisis not seen in a century.  It risks the health of our families and the health of our fellow  Americans as well as our economic present and future. We are at the  edge of a precipice, and lives are on the line. It poses a deep  challenge to our collective psyche. How do we defend against such an  overwhelming danger? How do we overcome our fear?   If you are a person who looks to history, you may turn to great  leaders of the past. If you are a veteran or serving in our military  today, you might look to your training. We are at war with this  invisible threat. How do we create the right strategy, tactics, and  assault plans?   If you are a person of faith, you might turn to scripture. The book  of Ephesians tells us how to fight against such fears: ``Put on the  full armor of God, so that when the day of evil comes, you may be able  to stand your ground.'' It calls us to take up our ``shield of faith,''  to wear our ``belt of truth,'' and to stand firmly with our feet  ``fitted with the readiness that comes from the gospel of peace.''   Regardless of where your inspiration comes from, in times like these,  we are afraid, and we need to be brave. We need to be selfless, and we  need to be courageous. We have to look inward to find our inner  strength, our resilience. We have to use our God-given common sense,  and we need to fight--fight far harder than we could ever imagine.   Our enemy is clear--a novel coronavirus that is at our doorstep and  taking lives. Our mission is to stop the spread, protect the  vulnerable, and ultimately prevent future outbreaks. Every blocked  transmission is a victory.   Our frontline defenders are our doctors, our nurses, our first  responders. Our National Guard is rightfully being called in to support  these actions. To defeat this enemy, though, we need far more support.  Mothers and fathers, sons and daughters, and all caregivers are going  to be essential in limiting the spread of this virus. We need them  added to the frontlines today--all of them.   The House passed a bill last week that takes a first step in  beginning to address these needs. It provides mandatory emergency sick  days and up to 3 months of coronavirus-related paid leave for some  workers. This puts us closer to helping those on the frontlines of this  crisis so they no longer have to face the impossible choice of whether  to stay home to care for themselves, for a child who is home from  school, for a loved one who is sick, or to risk public health to put  food on the table for their families.   Unfortunately, the bill falls short. First, over half of the private  sector workforce was left out of the paid sick and family leave  provisions. Let me say that again. Of the over 100 million private  sector workers in this country, over half will not be helped by this  bill. Companies with more than 500 workers are not required to provide  any paid sick leave, and the administration can give exemptions to  companies with fewer than 50 employees. Taken together, this could  amount to exemptions for about 75 percent of workers. Worse, it fails  to take care of many of those who are most at risk--low-wage workers.  These are the workers who are the least able to afford to take a day  off, let alone weeks to self-quarantine.   In order to fight this crisis, we must slow the spread of this virus  and ultimately stop its transmission. We must provide paid sick days  and paid family and medical leave to every American worker now. There  can be no exceptions or carve-outs, especially not for the wealthiest  companies in the world.   For those who say this can't be done, they could not be more wrong.  We should never send Armed Forces into battle without a plan, the right  equipment, and the resources they need to win. If we don't equip all of  our frontline defenders, including our parents and caregivers, we will  fail to limit this spread.   Second, it is clear that, in a matter of days, most public school  children in America will be out of school. The stress this puts on  working parents is truly hard to articulate with or without there being  guaranteed paid leave. Many low-income children rely on school meals  for the best meal of the day. A school lunch can often make the  difference between being healthy and being malnourished. Therefore, we  need  [[Page S1750]]  a surge in food stamps, food distribution, and emergency meal delivery  programs.   Third, we need a surge of testing. Without this critical information,  we cannot reopen schools or businesses. To ensure universal free  testing, we must authorize testing by all labs and hospitals and remove  burdensome restrictions.   From the start of this crisis, public health officials have uniformly  highlighted the importance of there being widely available testing and  have decried our lack of it. As we have more fully grasped the  magnitude of this crisis, States have developed their own tests, and  their labs and hospitals are ready to conduct them. However, the  approval process is still lagging. We are testing below our capacity  because the FDA and CDC have yet to approve testing methods.   This is not the time to let redtape stand in our way. The  administration must authorize States to utilize their own testing  methods in their own facilities in order to try to keep up with the  spread of this virus. Again, fighting a war without facts on the  ground, without critical intelligence, cannot prevail. We need this  information--yesterday.   Fourth, I support Governor Cuomo's call to deploy the Army Corps of  Engineers to build temporary medical facilities so that when hospitals  are overwhelmed, we can move people into those temporary facilities.  The Federal Government must work aggressively to help our States  increase hospital capacity.   Finally--and I can't emphasize this enough--every future policy that  we debate here must put families and workers first--no half measures.  These are the people on the frontlines of this crisis. They deserve our  unwavering support. Just like we give the troops the resources they  need, we have to have the same war footing today.   The very next piece of legislation before this Chamber must extend  full-paid sick and family leave to every American worker. It must deal  with the strain caused by the shuttering of our public schools, and it  must increase our testing capacity and build more capacity for urgently  needed care. We must pass it without further delay. Anything less will  be a failure of government in this time of need. Anything less is  defeat before the battle has even begun. This is how we fight. Every  person we protect is a victory. This is our shared duty.   God bless America.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   