 Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the  Speaker's table the bill (H.R. 1503) to amend the Federal Food, Drug,  and Cosmetic Act regarding the list under section 505(j)(7) of the  Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, and for other purposes, with the  Senate amendment thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the  Speaker's table the bill (H.R. 5663) to amend the Federal Food, Drug,  and Cosmetic Act to give authority to the Secretary of Health and Human  Services, acting through the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, to destroy  counterfeit devices, with the Senate amendment thereto, and concur in  the Senate amendment.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Energy and Commerce be discharged from further  consideration of the bill (H.R. 8906) to amend title XXIX of the Public  Health Service Act to reauthorize the program under such title relating  to lifespan respite care, and ask for its immediate consideration in  the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the  Speaker's table the bill (S. 1130) to amend the Public Health Service  Act to improve the health of children and help better understand and  enhance awareness about unexpected sudden death in early life, and ask  for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Energy and Commerce be discharged from further  consideration of the resolution (H. Res. 1181) honoring Rosalyn Smith  Carter's 50 years of mental health advocacy, and ask for its immediate  consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the resolution.    Madam Speaker, I have an amendment to the text at the  desk.    Madam Speaker, I have an amendment to the preamble at  the desk.   