 Madam Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to  oppose H.J. Res. 79. This resolution seeks to unconstitutionally remove  the deadline for ratification of the equal rights amendment.   In 1972, Madam Speaker, when I was 10 years old, Congress originally  set the deadline for ratification at 7 years by two-thirds vote. Before  the original time period expired, Congress then passed a 3-year  extension, which also passed before the necessary number of States  ratified the amendment.   Today, 37 years after the constitutional time has expired, it is  quite clear that, because of a new focus on a so-called right to  taxpayer-funded abortion, the equal rights amendment does not have  support from a two-thirds majority of Congress or, likely, from two- thirds of the States, certainly, as we have seen at least five States  have already rescinded.   Instead of following the guidance of Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader  Ginsberg and starting the amendment process over again as the Founders  intended--and this is, let me just say, Madam Speaker, Justice Ruth  Bader Ginsberg's legal view as a member of the U.S. Supreme Court. It  is her legal view. It is her constitutional view. Instead, Democrats  are attempting, today, to retroactively and unconstitutionally remove  this deadline by a simple majority vote.   For decades, Congress has expressed the will of the American people  and not used taxpayer dollars for abortion. Whether they were Democrat  or Republican Presidents, split Chambers of Congress or one party in  control of both branches of government, there has been bipartisan  agreement on appropriations language to limit taxpayer-funded abortions  and support basic pro-life protections across our country.    Madam Speaker, if the Democrat majority wants to test  that bipartisan agreement and upend decades of precedent, they are  welcome to use the simple, clear process laid out in Article V of the  Constitution to propose and adopt a new and legal ERA amendment.   Let me be clear, Madam Speaker. I support equal rights for women, as  does the U.S. Constitution, but skirting that process for partisan gain  sets a dangerous and un-American precedent.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to protect our democracy and to  vote ``no.''    Madam Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague from  [[Page H1034]]  across the river in Illinois. I have the great privilege of  representing Missouri's Second Congressional District, and he is a  leader in this Congress, but most of all, he is a wonderful friend and  colleague.   Madam Speaker, I also commend my good friend, Congresswoman Carolyn  Maloney from New York. We have worked in a bipartisan fashion on so  many issues, especially when it comes to the scourge of human  trafficking, violence against women, taking care of the most vulnerable  in our society. I thank her for her commitment.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1980, the Smithsonian  Women's History Museum Act. This important bill will honor the immense  contributions that women have made to our country by establishing the  first national women's history museum.   Women from my hometown of St. Louis have a proud history of service  and heroism. During the First World War, a brave group of St. Louis  women volunteered to go to war-torn France to start a hospital for  injured Allied soldiers. They were among the first Americans to deploy  to Europe and some of the very last to leave. When they departed for  France in May 1917, the United States had not even entered the war, and  many remained in France for a year after the armistice. They treated  more than 60,000 patients before they returned home to St. Louis.   Through their courage, ingenuity, determination, and integrity,  American women have been instrumental in the growth of the United  States as a global force for good. I am so proud that their stories  will be remembered for the next generation of women leaders.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan piece  of legislation.   