 Mr. President, I rise today to honor Senator Lamar  Alexander, a friend and a colleague who has served in this body for  some 18 years now. I have had the pleasure of serving with this Senator  on both the Rules Committee and the Appropriations Committee, and we  sat next to each other as chairman or ranking member on two  Appropriations subcommittees--first Interior and then Energy and Water.  We have done that since 2009. It has been through these experiences  that I truly have come to appreciate Senator Alexander's fairness, his  interest in solving problems, and his bipartisanship.   Most of all, I so appreciate your friendship and the time we have had  to talk together.   I do believe that the Senate is going to be diminished by the absence  of this Senator.  [[Page S7149]]    Working closely as chair and ranking member of the Energy and Water  Development Subcommittee, we have always been able to find agreement on  the annual appropriations bill. That is because we shared a willingness  to find common ground. And that is no small thing. We have consistently  held comprehensive subcommittee hearings on a wide range of issues,  from nuclear power and nuclear waste to dam safety, to devastating  droughts in the West and the future of renewable energy.   We were also often among the first, if not the first subcommittee to  negotiate our bill, draft it, and get it marked up by the full  committee, and that includes 4 years of record-level funding for clean  energy, the National Laboratories, supercomputing, and water projects.  The focus has always been on a fair, open process that seeks  compromise. And that track record speaks to the value we place on the  process.   But more than anything, Senator Alexander will be remembered as  someone who dedicated his life to serving the people of Tennessee.  Between his 8 years as Governor and 16 years as a Senator, he served  longer than any Tennessean who has held both jobs. That doesn't include  the 2 years he served as President George H.W. Bush's Secretary of  Education.   His priorities have always been of great importance to Tennessee,  whether Army Corps of Engineers funding for inland waters, particularly  his favorite, Chickamauga--this is the first time I ever heard the word  pronounced--Chickamauga Lock, which he often talks about in our  hearings, or updating the way musicians are paid for their work.   He also led efforts to pass the Every Student Succeeds Act in 2015,  which President Obama called a ``Christmas miracle.''   As we hear promising news about coronavirus vaccines, we are reminded  of the 21st Century Cures Act. That is Senator Alexander's landmark  2016 bill that streamlined the drug and device approval process to  bring treatments to market faster. He has a long record of work he can  be proud of.   Lamar, you have been a great colleague and a dear friend all these  years in the Senate. I am proud of what we have achieved together. I  will miss our dinners together and sitting next to you on the dais. I  hope you enjoy a well-earned retirement with Honey and your beautiful  family. Thank you so much for your service   