 Mr. President.    Mr. President, I am reserving the right to object.   This amendment list does not include my amendment No. 1932, a bill  that the Presiding Officer and I have worked on and a bill that the  majority leader has voted for.   This amendment is so simple. It professionalizes how the military  prosecutes serious crimes--serious crimes such as sexual assault, rape,  and murder. It removes the systemic fear that survivors have in  reporting these crimes.   According to the Pentagon's most recent survey, almost 21,000  servicemembers were sexually assaulted in 2018. This is a 30-percent  increase from the year before. The current climate is not good for  survivors. Currently, most survivors are retaliated against when they  come forward and report these crimes. In fact, the rate of retaliation  is two-thirds of all survivors, unchanged from past years. Worse than  that, of the cases that the command considers for action, of those  unique few, only 10 percent of those went to trial.   Year after year, we have hearings, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Ranking Member.  We have hearings and the commanders and generals come forward and say:  Ma'am, we have got this. Let us take care of this. We have got this. We  know what we are doing. We understand. We are going to take this crime  so seriously. We are going to prosecute these cases. Leave it to us. We  know what we are doing.   It is infuriating. They should not say they know what they are doing  or they are just lying to us--it is one or the other--but, either way,  they are failing. The failure rate is so high--20,000 rapes last year;  less than 10 percent going to trial of the small number that are even  considered. The rate of conviction is going down.   There is no measurable in the entire system of military justice for  these survivors that is getting better--not one aspect.   ``We have got this, ma'am. Leave it to us.'' It is just not true.  They don't have it. They never have.   If they don't look themselves in the mirror and recognize their  failures, they never will. Year after year, thousands of servicemembers  are raped and sexually assaulted and assailants are not held  accountable. It is not just a few bad apples. In many of those cases,  the assailant is someone in the survivor's chain of command--the same  chain of command that decides the case. They pick the judges, the  juries, the prosecutors, and the defense counsel. That is the system.  That system is so weighted that if a commander has a view before they  go in, your chance of success is very little.   There is no other judicial system in America that would ever allow  this to happen. That commander is not even trained. He is not a  prosecutor. He is not a lawyer. This system is not delivering justice.  People in the military do not have the benefit of civil liberties  because of this. They don't get justice. They never had it, and they  never will.   This amendment, this bipartisan and commonsense reform, leaves the  majority of uniquely military crimes within the chain of command. It  would only remove the decision making over whether to prosecute serious  crimes to independent, trained, unbiased military impartial  prosecutors.   It is the Senate's job to provide the oversight and accountability to  the U.S. military. We owe our U.S. servicemembers everything. For every  year that we don't address this fundamental scourge, it is another year  we are failing them. I have asked for a vote, Mr. Chairman and Mr.  Ranking Member, for 5 years in a row. This is the fifth year I am  denied a vote. It is the fifth year that you are saying to our  servicemembers that you don't care, and you don't want to fix the  system.   We have tried every small-ball reform you can imagine--every study,  every panel, every recommendation. We have made sure those  recommendations got in the underlying bill every year. They are just  not working. So I would like for us to look ourselves in the mirror and  say: Are we doing our job? Are we standing by our servicemembers when  they need us? Sadly, the answer is no.   Mr. Chairman, I would like to modify your request to include  amendment No. 1932 to just get a vote on it.    Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I will withdraw my  objection, and I look forward to working with you on the floor.   