 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, the  Chesapeake Bay Program Reauthorization Act. This bipartisan bill will  reauthorize $455 million for the Chesapeake Bay Program over the next 5  years.   The Chesapeake Bay is one of our Nation's greatest national  treasures. It helps generate $33 billion in economic value annually and  is home to spectacular natural beauty and ecological diversity. The  EPA's Chesapeake Bay Program coordinates regional conservation efforts,  but Congress has not reauthorized this critical program since 2005.   Thanks to innovative partnerships between local, State, and Federal  agencies and NGOs, the health of the Bay has improved in recent years.  But this progress is fragile, and unless Congress acts, we risk losing  these gains.   In 2014, all States within the Chesapeake Bay Watershed and the  District of Columbia signed the Chesapeake Bay Watershed Agreement.  This partnership committed these States to work together and with the  EPA to put in place all the necessary conservation practices by 2025.   Part of this agreement includes setting a limit, called the Total  Maximum Daily Load, or TMDL, on pollution from chemicals like nitrogen  and phosphorus.   The EPA's Chesapeake Bay Program supports the work of States in  meeting their commitments under this agreement. Funding for the Bay  program goes directly to localities to improve local conservation  efforts.   By passing the Chesapeake Bay Program Reauthorization Act, Congress  will reaffirm that all States in the watershed and the EPA must work  together to achieve these restoration goals. This includes ensuring  that all States have plans in place to comply with the TMDL and all  other necessary conservation goals.   I want to thank my friends and colleagues on both sides of the aisle,  Congressman  Bobby Scott, Congressman  Rob Wittman, and Congressman    John Sarbanes for working with me to achieve this bipartisan victory  for the Bay.   I also thank Chairwoman Napolitano and Ranking Member Westerman for  their support in bringing this bill to the floor.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this critical bill.   