 Madam Speaker, I want to thank the chairman for  bringing this bill in front of the House. And I stand today in support  of S. 785, the Commander John Scott Hannon Veterans Mental Health Care  Improvement Act.   In addition to making critical updates related to VA transition  assistance, mental healthcare, and care for women veterans, this bill  also includes an important provision that I championed here in the  House in the form of the VA Telehealth Expansion Act, which would  provide entities with grants expanding telehealth capabilities to serve  veterans throughout the VA.   We know the stat that over 20 veterans take their life by suicide  every day, and not one suicide is acceptable. And many of those  veterans are not accessing VA care. We know that telehealth is another  venue to allow those veterans increased access, whether a veteran is  homebound, in a rural community, in a community without access to a VA  clinic or a hospital, or as we have seen now during this pandemic, at  high risk of dying if they catch COVID-19. This pandemic has shown us  just how critical it is for our veterans to be able to access  healthcare through telehealth.   In my home State of Nevada, on the week that southern Nevada began  responding to the COVID-19 pandemic, the number of veterans in the  southern Nevada healthcare system who had telehealth visits, the number  was just under 150. Fast forward to just the week of July 19, we were  providing over 2,000 video visits to veterans in their homes via the VA  Video Connect. That means that the telehealth video visits increased by  over 1,000 percent.   It is abundantly clear that telehealth has provided improved access  in healthcare for so many veterans, and we must continue to invest in  the VA's telehealth capacity, and S. 785 does just that.   Madam Speaker, finally, I want to give a special thank you also to  Congressman Roe, the ranking member, for his leadership on this  committee. I have only been working with him for one term, but without  a doubt, I want to thank him for his commitment to our veterans.   