 Mr. President, you know, I have to say that last  night was an unusually late night here in Washington, and we were all  impatient and our staffs were impatient. The press was impatient.   As we talked to people across the State, what we realized was they  long have been running out of patience, and I talked about that some on  this floor. But for every factory worker and hourly worker and small  business owner and songwriter and gig worker--they have all been  telling me that they are running out of time, and they have really just  been very anxious about what was going to come out of this Chamber.   I know that in the days and weeks ahead, as we work through getting  relief to communities and individuals and small business owners and  large companies, there is going to be a lot of blame that is going to  be thrown around. There is going to be some who are going to blame  politicians. There are others who are going to blame the way the  economy is structured. There are others still who are going to blame  the healthcare system. But I will tell you, I think there is a  necessity to have a discussion about why we do have this current  crisis, and it is because of the leadership of the Chinese Government,  the People's Republic of China, that leadership in Beijing.   We have gone around and around with activists and media on the point,  and I shouldn't have to point out that when I say China is to blame for  the spread of the novel coronavirus that we call COVID-19, we do not  mean the Chinese people as a whole. Yet we have some who do not want to  say that is where it came from. I think we should stop that, and we  should move forward with decisions based on fact and with decisions  that are based on data.   We need to begin to collect those facts and data as they pertain to  this disease. That is how we get to the antivirals. That is how we get  to having a vaccine. That is how we look at lessons learned so that we  don't go through this again, so we plan to tackle some of the  unexpected occurrences that will come our way.   As we talk about facts, we do know that COVID-19 originated in Wuhan,  China. From there, it spread rapidly, and it has had devastating  consequences. The economy is crumbling. We are working desperately to  shore it up. Innocent people have been in the hospital or sick.   I talked to one Tennessean this morning who said: I am happy to  report my husband is coming back around. He has been suffering for the  last many days with COVID-19.   We have the world's healthcare professionals, and what are they  doing? They are working to the point of exhaustion.   What we have is Beijing's reckless Communist dogma, and they are  trying to blame everybody else.   Today we are going to move forward with the rescue package. This is  the phase 3 package. It is the fourth tranche of money. I am including  in that the President's emergency declaration, which put about $50  billion toward fighting this. As we do this and as we find our way  forward on addressing this, what we have to do is realize that our  relationship with China is going to need to change and change for the  better. There is no denying that the way they have conducted themselves  has put that relationship on dangerous ground.   Today, I invite my colleagues to support the bicameral S. Res. 553  and acknowledge that Beijing intentionally spread misinformation to  downplay the severity of COVID-19 and baselessly denied the risk of  person-to-person transmission of the disease. They refused to cooperate  with international health authorities, including the CDC. During the  early days of the outbreak, they censored doctors and journalists. We  all remember what happened with the late Dr. Li when he tried to give  us the warnings. On top of everything else, they maliciously ignored  the health and safety of ethnic minorities.   This is the easy part. The facts are there. All we have to do is  acknowledge the facts that are there and use this as a beginning,  because this resolution is, as I said, bicameral and bipartisan in the  House. We have no reason to not push it forward and send the message  that we realize what happened to cause a global pandemic.   After we acknowledge Beijing's gross malfeasance, we are going to  adjust the way we think about China in the context of the economy, our  national defense, technology, human rights, and pharmaceutical  manufacturing.   When you think about it--the fact that Beijing intentionally  downplayed the deadly nature of COVID-19--it should come as no  surprise. For decades, China has made it a business. It has been their  business to search out our vulnerabilities, exploit those  vulnerabilities, and then what do they try to do? They try to use that  as leverage against us. It is time for us to say: No more.   Another component I have talked about this week on the floor is our  pharmaceutical supply chain.  [[Page S2036]]    On February 27, 2020, the FDA announced the shortage of a drug used  to treat victims of COVID-19. Imagine that. There was a drug shortage.  They attributed the shortage to difficulties obtaining the active  ingredient in this pharmaceutical. The active ingredients are called  APIs. They couldn't get it from the site in China that manufactured it  because that site had been affected by COVID-19. So here we are. We  need this component to go into a pharmaceutical, and we cannot get it  because the factory that produces it has been affected by COVID-19.   This is not the first time this has happened. In 2016, we saw a  shortage of an important antibiotic when the sole source of its  production--the only place on the globe that produced this antibiotic-- was in China. That factory was shut down. We couldn't get it.   Our vulnerability is not limited to one drug or even just a handful  of drugs. In 2007 and 2008, 246 people died after taking a contaminated  blood thinner that came directly from a factory in China. They died-- 246 people--just like that. Routine inspections didn't catch the  contaminant, and the drugs flowed right into our medicine cabinets.    In 2010, regulators have also found serious problems with batches of  thyroid medication, muscle relaxers, and antibiotics. This week I got  an email from a Tennesseean, and he said: I saw what you said on the  floor, and I want to let you know, I take a heart medication, and it  was just recalled because it contained a carcinogen, and it was made in  China.   Think about this. These are the pharmaceuticals we take to return  ourselves to health and wellness and to manage chronic conditions. Here  we have example after example of things that are contaminated and are  not what they are intended to be. These are basic, common medications.   In 2018, the FDA recalled several blood pressure medications made in  China that were contaminated with cancer-causing toxins. Now, I would  imagine there are a few people who come to work every day in this  building, who take a blood pressure medication. What if you had been  taking one for a period of time, and it contained the cancer-causing  toxins?   Americans deserve better than this from their pharmaceutical supply  chain. If we allow this to continue, we are going to do so at our own  peril. I encourage my colleagues to support the bipartisan Securing  America's Medicine Cabinet, or SAM-C Act. Senator Menendez has worked  on this legislation with me, and I am grateful to him for his support.   The Presiding Officer is working on legislation that would address  some of these issues. Bring this pharmaceutical manufacturing back into  the United States of America. We need to end Chinese control over our  health and wellness in this pharmaceutical supply chain.   This may seem like something that is too large or too risky an  undertaking, but we have already paid dearly for our reliance on  Chinese drug manufacturers, and it is not going to stop, because that  vulnerability is leveraged in the hands of madmen in Beijing who seek  nothing but power and will go to any lengths to acquire that power.  They don't care whom they hurt. That is clear with this global  pandemic. They don't care if it is innocent people who are sick or  maybe even lose their lives. And they defy us--they defy us--when we  try to stop them. It is time that we rise to the challenge and that we  return the supply chain.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   