 Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Missouri for  the work he is doing as he brings forward this resolution for Hong  Kong.   I want to take just a couple of minutes to remind those of us who  have been watching this issue and have concerns about this resolution  that the aggression we are seeing now is not something that is new.  This is newly realized.   As those of us who have followed this and followed the dealings of  the Chinese Communist Party know, the newest so-called national  security law is nothing more than the party's response to the threat  that uprisings and protests in Hong Kong pose to its hold on power. It  just can't stand it. It watches the freedom fighters in Hong Kong, and  it thinks: What if it gets away from us?   Hong Kong is our financial center, and it is watching what is  happening in the rest of the free world. Australia, Canada, and the UK  all have signed the official joint statement with us, the United States  of America, expressing deep concern with this so-called national  security legislation, which really is the Communist Party's way of  stepping into Hong Kong and usurping the power--of going back on a deal  it made long ago.   Beijing claims that it needs this law to control against ``subversion  of state power,'' but, again, anyone who has been paying attention  knows that it will use this standard as an excuse to redefine  ``subversion'' and engage in the violent repression of speech,  association, and movement--with no cause and without mercy. This is how  it has kept control. It is a pattern, and there is no reason to believe  it is going to do anything differently this time around.   Over the past year, we have seen how willing Chinese officials are to  trample every international norm, every law, every principle of  diplomacy to force their hand on their own people and on other  countries. Now, against all odds, forces in Beijing have found a way to  make life in Hong Kong more dangerous than it has been by  delegitimizing peaceful and nonviolent protests and journalism that  doesn't mirror party propaganda. They have seized even more hope away  from the freedom fighters who have captured the world's attention in  their stunning displays of defiance.   It is really quite a battle that is taking place, and I thank my  colleagues for the good work they have done in standing against the  Chinese Communist Party's aggression.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, for more than 200 years, the American  people have exercised their right to petition the government for a  redress of grievances. We understand how very vitally important it is  for each of us to have that right to petition our government, to have  our say.   But just as we learned from our moms and dads when we were kids,  there is a right way and there is a wrong way to get things done when  we feel that, in our opinion, the government has fallen short. I would  understand if this differentiation between right and wrong sometimes  causes confusion because, although the American people are united in  their desire for justice and equality, that sense of unity, they feel,  is under attack.   Over the past few weeks, we watched thousands of protesters  peacefully march in the memory of George Floyd and countless other  Black Americans who have been killed--who have lost their lives at the  hands of law enforcement. Sometimes these protests are vigils, and they  are very quiet. There are other times they fill the streets and they  are a bit disruptive and they demand accountability from their  government in a way that has really captured the attention of the  entire world.   On the other side, however, we have watched professional agitators  who have come into some of these protests, and then they have turned  them into riots. The self-prescribed culture warriors silence anyone  and anything that deviates from their own chosen narrative, and that is  very unfortunate.   The paths we take to achieve our desired outcomes are informed by the  goals we have, not the other way around. This is why we must question  the goals of those whose activism has taken a repressive turn because  peaceful protest is an essential element of addressing government. That  is how you achieve change. That is how you get people with you and  working with you. It is a part of who we are.   This absolute protection against suppression in any form makes the  recent dismantling of meaningful public discourse all the more  disturbing because as you look back through our Nation's history, you  realize freedom and freedom's cause has been well served by robust,  respectful, bipartisan debate--hearing all voices.   Do you remember how sometimes we would joke about the cancel culture  because it was the product of social media influencers and  overenthusiastic fan clubs? What we see now is that has taken hold of  the entertainment industry, corporations, and editorial boards. Outrage  manufactured along partisan lines dominates every news cycle, all in an  intentional and targeted effort to divide the American people and,  thereby, what would that do? It destroys our cultural identity. If this  isn't what chilling speech looks like, then I don't know what does.   I would like to be able to say this body stands united against this  wave of malice or that I am confident we have demonstrated a commitment  to real reform, but I fear that we have not yet arrived at that place.  In spite of everything, in spite of it being clear that those who seek  to divide and destroy this country are working just as hard as those  who seek to unite it, other priorities remain in play. This has become  especially evident today.   