 Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of my  bill, H.R. 1109, the Mental Health Services for Students Act. I am  honored to have authored this bill for over a decade. Although it  should not have taken this long, today is a historic day in recognizing  the need for school based mental health resources.   A mental health crisis is currently unfolding as a result of the  COVID-19 pandemic. Fear and anxiety about the coronavirus can be  overwhelming and cause strong emotions for our constituents, especially  children. The National Institute of Mental Health reports that one in  five youth already experience some type of mental health disorder. Yet,  prior to this public health emergency, only 10 percent of children and  adolescents ages 3 to 17 years old received any treatment or counseling  from a mental health professional.   H.R. 1109 acknowledges this problem by providing $130 million in  competitive grants per year for 5 years for 100 school-based mental  health programs nationwide. It expands the scope of the Project  Advancing Wellness and Resilience Education (AWARE) program by  providing on-site licensed mental health professionals in schools  across the country.   Dr. Anthony Fauci, the Director of the National Institute of Allergy  and Infectious Diseases, testified in May before the Senate HELP  Committee on the prospect of reopening school buildings and said, ``We  don't know everything about this virus, and we really better be very  careful, particularly when it comes to children''. While schools work  to navigate this pandemic, it is critical that we provide them with the  resources to create a mental health plan to reach their students during  this stressful time.   H.R. 1109 is based on the successful Youth Suicide Prevention Program  that I helped establish with Pacific Clinics in Los Angeles County in  2001. Regular classes will eventually resume, and according to the CDC,  children may feel upset or have other strong emotions after an  emergency. How a child reacts can vary depending on their age, previous  experiences, and how that child typically copes with stress. We need to  ensure the long-term availability of mental health services to ensure a  bright future for our students, which my bill would help accomplish.   I would like to thank the many advocates in and outside of Congress  who have played an integral role in this legislation. H.R. 1109 has 135  bipartisan co-sponsors and has the support of over 50 mental health  organizations, as well as local governments and teacher unions.   Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support H.R. 1109, the Mental  Health Services for Students Act, which will help address this ongoing  children's mental health crisis. It is now time to act on this bill,  which has had broad support for decades.   