 Mr. President, reserving the right to object. The FDA  approved mifepristone nearly 20 years ago, and leading medical  organizations have made clear that restrictions on it like those that  are in this bill are not based on evidence or patients' best interests.  This bill is not about science or healthcare or what is best for women  across the Nation. It is about ideology and Republicans wanting to do  every single thing they can to chip away at the right to a safe, legal  abortion.   Not on my watch. This is far from the only Republican effort to  ignore the science and the medical professionals and overrule the  personal decisions of patients across the country.   At this very moment, they are gearing up to jam through President  Trump's Supreme Court nominee and strike down Roe v. Wade. But as sure  as I am standing here today to oppose this effort to restrict women's  reproductive rights, you can bet I will be standing with women and men  across the country to oppose that one too.   I will offer legislation in a moment that actually does work to  protect and help women and families in a moment, but for now, on this  request, I object.    Mr. President, we are in the middle of a pandemic. Two  hundred thousand people have died, millions more have been infected,  and this crisis is nowhere close to being over. But are Republicans are  offering solutions? Not even close.   We need to be prioritizing science. Instead, they are offering a bill  that prioritizes partisan ideology. We need to be making it easier for  people to get the care they need. Instead, they are offering a bill  with the sole purpose of putting up unnecessary barriers to care. And  not only are they wasting time on their partisan war against abortion  with this bill--which they know is a nonstarter--they are preparing to  jam through a Supreme Court nominee who would make things even worse.   They are fighting to not just overturn Roe v. Wade but to strike down  healthcare for tens of millions of people and strike down protections  for people with preexisting conditions and to send healthcare costs  skyrocketing--all during a pandemic.   I can't believe I have to say this, but we need to be taking steps to  make this crisis better, not worse, which is why I am going to offer a  unanimous consent request that the Senate proceed to S. 4638--the  Science and Transparency Over Politics Act, which Senator Schumer and  myself and 32 other Democrats introduced today.   Unfortunately, we have seen the Trump administration repeatedly take  dangerous steps to undermine and overrule the experts at our Nation's  public agencies. We have seen the President spread lies and  misinformation and conspiracy theories about their work. We have seen  his officials meddle with key scientific reports and apply pressure to  promote unproven treatments. And we know this interference can damage  public confidence in the science-based guidance our experts issue to  help save lives and in their efforts to evaluate a vaccine and make  sure it is safe and effective. We just can't let that happen.   This reckless interference didn't start yesterday, and it is clear it  is not going to stop tomorrow. So I believe Congress needs to take  action to make it stop.   The STOP Act would do just that by providing much needed transparency  and accountability. Given how many Republicans have said we need to be  listening to the experts and following the science, this bill should  not be controversial. It should be common sense   Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee be discharged  from further consideration of S. 4638, and the Senate proceed to its  immediate consideration. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, it is disappointing that Republicans  would object to a bill that simply provides much needed accountability  and support for scientific decisionmaking. It is especially  disappointing they would object to it during a pandemic and while  simultaneously pushing for an ideological bill that would undermine  patient's care and reproductive rights.   Rest assured, the minority leader, Senator Schumer, and I and the  rest of our Democratic caucus are not giving up, and we will continue  to fight on behalf of women and families.   I yield the floor.   