 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I come to the floor today to speak in  support of Senate amendment No. 1729, which I hope will be added today  to the National Defense Authorization Act. The goal of this amendment  is to finish--what I hope is to finish a public health study that we  began with legislation in 2017 to address the contaminant known as  PFAS. I know the Presiding Officer knows about this because she has  that chemical in her State as well.   I want to begin by commending the work of the Armed Services  Committee--both Chairman Inhofe and Ranking Member Reed for working  with me to establish the first ever human health study of PFAS and to  institute policies that will phase out the Defense Department's use of  these chemicals over the next several years.   We began this journey in 2017 when we put $10 million into a health  study--the first of its kind in the country--to look at the impacts of  PFAS on humans. At that time, we authorized $10 million for 3 years.  Unfortunately, because of the coronavirus pandemic, it is taking longer  to complete the study than we had hoped, so we are going to need some  additional funding.   There is real urgency in addressing PFAS. As many of us know, PFAS  chemicals have emerged as widespread pollutants in the drinking water  sources of military bases across this country. The main reason is  because PFAS chemicals were used in firefighting foam that was used by  the armed services.   The number of military installations with known or suspected  contamination from PFAS continues to rise. In March, DOD updated its  count of military installations impacted by these materials from 401  across the country to 651--651 military installations--  [[Page S4323]]  which means that they are in almost every State in the United States,  and other studies have reported that this is actually a conservative  estimate.   We don't yet know what the long-term risks of exposure to PFAS are  because we are still trying to get research into that, but studies have  already linked these chemicals--and there are hundreds of chemicals in  the PFAS category--to a number of adverse health effects.   The potential ties between PFAS and various forms of cancer are of  particular concern to firefighters who may have experienced exposure  during firefighting and fire-training exercises.   On June 11, the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry,  ATSDR--works as part of the Centers for Disease Control--issued a  statement expressing concern about how PFAS exposure can impact the  risk of COVID-19 infections. Now, for all of us who have constituents  who have been exposed to PFAS, we know this has caused a lot of  sleepless nights for countless American families both in New Hampshire  and across the country who have been living and working near sites  contaminated by these materials.   In my State of New Hampshire, the city of Portsmouth, which was the  home of the former Pease Air Force Base, closed a major water supply  well located at that airbase after the Air Force found PFAS in the  drinking water at levels 12\1/2\ times higher than the provisional  health advisory from the Environmental Protection Agency at that time.  That number has changed since then.   Moreover, State health officials determined that more than 1,500  people, including children who attended daycare centers near the site,  have elevated levels of PFAS in their blood from drinking contaminated  groundwater at Pease. I have heard from so many parents who are  terrified of what this contamination means for the health of their  children.   One woman, who has been a real leader in responding to the PFAS  emergency, Andrea Amico of Portsmouth, remembers feeling like her world  was crashing down when tests showed that her two children, exposed to  PFAS in drinking water at Pease, had elevated levels of these materials  in their blood. She said: ``[T]o actually see it on paper, to know it  was true, was very devastating for me, and the wide range of emotions I  experienced with those results ranged from anger to fear, frustration  and guilt.'' Andrea's children attended the childcare center--one of  the two childcare centers at Pease.   I also heard from Alayna Davis of Dover and Michelle Dalton of  Durham, both of whom are mothers with children at a daycare center near  the former base at Portsmouth. Alayna said that she was exposed to PFAS  at Pease when she was pregnant with her son. She and her husband were  devastated when they learned that their son had high levels of PFAS in  his blood. Michelle was exposed to the contaminated water in January of  2011 when she started working on the base. Her youngest child has  attended daycare at Pease since he was 12 weeks old, but, of course, he  was exposed to contamination since conception.   Stories like Andrea's, Alayna's, and Michelle's are not limited to  Portsmouth, sadly. Contamination from PFAS is not limited to military  bases and airports. That is why this long-term health study is so  important, and it is so critical that we complete it. We need to know  what the research says are the dangers of PFAS.   Since Congress authorized the study in 2017, the ATSDR and Centers  for Disease Control have been working to identify the health effects of  PFAS exposure, starting with the former Pease airbase in Portsmouth.  There are other--I believe there are seven other sites around the  country that have been designated as part of this study. Unfortunately,  due to COVID-19, as I said earlier, the agencies expect additional  costs associated with continuing the study, as well as a 1-year delay  in finalizing the results.   I think we could all agree that families who have been exposed to  these chemicals deserve answers. What my amendment would do is provide  additional funding for the PFAS health study to ensure that ATSDR and  CDC can complete their work and do it without delay.   The safety of our drinking water is essential, and it is  nonnegotiable. The potential serious health effects associated with  exposure to PFAS chemicals demand moving forward with policies that  will protect our communities, especially our men and women in uniform.  Senate amendment 1729 would help to do just that.   Of course, this is just the beginning. This gives us a baseline study  to tell us what the health effects are. Once we get that study and as  we continue to move forward, we have a lot of work to do to ensure that  PFAS--not just on military bases but in communities across this  country, which appear in so many different products--that we can  address that in a way that provides some sort of insurance and  protection to families across this country so they know what they are  dealing with and so they know they can get help. I urge my colleagues  to support this amendment   I yield the floor.   