 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairwoman for yielding me  the time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 8015. This is  essential legislation to offset the dangerous actions taken by the  Postmaster General over the last 2 months.   We are here today, in addition to that, to fund the Postal Service.  For more than two centuries, the United States Postal Service has  delivered mail to every house in America across this country--every  single home. It is the only Federal organization that touches every  American every single day, 6 days a week, confirming that it is an  essential government service.   Today, the current administration and the new Postmaster General seem  to struggle to understand that the Postal Service is an essential  government service authorized by the Constitution. It is not a business  to fund the bottom line.   In just the first 2 months of his tenure, without having any postal  experience, this Postmaster General has threatened and has taken  actions to undermine decades of precedence within the Postal Service.   Today, Congress must act. As my chairwoman said, that is why we are  here. We must act. The Delivering for America Act does just that. Along  with providing the Postal Service with a desperately needed $25 billion  to offset revenue that has been forgone due to COVID-19, it also--and  this is something that is very important--this legislation prohibits  the Postmaster General from making any operational changes that will  undermine the Postal Service's ability to fulfill its mission.   Its mission is to deliver the mail. Rain, sleet, snow, gloom of  night, the Postal Service will deliver the mail.   Mr. Speaker, we have a Postmaster General who has come inside and  tried to rip it apart from the inside. We will say: Cease and desist.   In addition to us having the goal of the Postal Service to deliver  the mail, our democracy is hinging upon them doing that basic job.   Mr. Speaker, I stand here today to say that the money was asked for  by the Board of Governors--which, by the way, is appointed by the  President, and which, by the way, are all Republicans who asked for  that money to be appropriated. The Postmaster General approved and said  he needed that money as well.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the Speaker for bringing this critical  legislation to the floor. I thank the chairwoman for including the  language that will prohibit the enactment of any rule or standard or  policy with the intent to delay the mail from our government.   We have a real responsibility here today. There is not a Member on  either side of the aisle who has not received a letter from our  constituents. Let's do our job.    Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the  motion.    Mr. Speaker, obviously, my colleagues on the other  side of the aisle are not aware that fraud is a Federal--voter fraud is  a crime. We have already established and funded the United States  Postal Inspection Service.   Little do they know, whenever an employee is in a postal facility,  there are internal galleys in every facility where you are observed for  24 hours a day by postal inspectors. Mr. Speaker, I am very comfortable  that we will adhere to those laws. We have clerks who have sworn duties  to protect elections.   But let me tell you, Mr. Speaker, 3 months ago this House passed the  HEROES Act, and I ask my colleagues to  [[Page H4297]]  open their mail because we sent them a letter that will protect the  Postal Service. We sent them a letter saying that we need to send  funding to the States and local governments so they will not defund the  police departments.   If you want to know who is defunding the police department, the lack  of a movement in the Senate to send that necessary money to cities who  must balance their budget. And the only way they can balance their  budget is to cut because they don't have the funding that has been  taken away from them because of COVID.   So you have the responsibility, Mr. Speaker, the Republicans have on  their hands the defunding of our police department. I wanted, too, to  be very clear that we have heard repeatedly that the Democrats had  manufactured a crisis at the expense of this President, and that the  emergency funding is ``an unnecessary bailout plan.''   We do not need to help the current President to create a crisis. We  have seen every single day statements from the White House about what  we are doing and what we should not do with the Postal Service. I want  everyone here to know that every postal employee takes an oath that  they will adhere to the Constitution, that they will serve and protect.   The majority of the postal workers are veterans who have served in  the military, who continue their service in the Postal Service. I want  it to be very clear that this election that is being held hostage right  now by the Postal Service's internal decisions to tear it apart, where  you have over 600,000 employees reporting to work who want to uphold  their oath of office.   I want to say today, Mr. Speaker, that the Postal Service motto is  neither rain, snow, heat or gloom of night you will not deter these  carriers from their mission. And we are standing here today saying, no.  Return to sender this unnecessary MTR. That we, as Democrats, we are  putting forth this bill to ensure that we are not in that place where  we are going to try to deter the Postal Service from doing their job.   Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to wake up, to understand that this  is not a Democrat or Republican issue, because the ballots that are  going to be moving through the Postal Service, some of them may even go  to them, they better protect the Postal Service.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   