 I want to thank my colleague from North Dakota.   It is so appropriate, Madam President, that you are in the chair  right now presiding because you are a cattle farmer from the great  State of Mississippi, and we have many, many discussions on the  importance of livestock and on the importance of agriculture to our  States.   Nebraska is an ag State. In 2018, Nebraska generated around $21.3  billion in agricultural cash receipts. Agriculture and ag processing  accounts for 9.4 percent of the State's GDP. The agriculture production  complex accounts for approximately one-quarter of our GDP workforce. By  these measures, agriculture plays a greater role in my State of  Nebraska than it does in the economy of any other State in the United  States. When agriculture suffers, Nebraska suffers.   Over the last several years, our farmers and ranchers have done their  fair share of suffering. As my colleague mentioned, USDA's most recent  farm income projections forecast that cash receipts will be at their  lowest level in more than a decade. As a rancher, I know it is  difficult to plan for the future when you are facing so many factors  that are outside of your control, whether it is low commodity prices or  retaliatory tariffs or natural disasters that we have gone through and  also a global pandemic.   Nebraska's farmers and ranchers have maintained their patience in  these tough times, but they deserve to know without any kind of doubt  that amidst all of this unpredictability they are experiencing, we here  in Congress are going to hold up our end of the bargain.   For decades, the Commodity Credit Corporation has been routinely  replenished to fund the programs that the Senator from North Dakota  spoke about--those programs that are so important to the farm safety  net. Producers count on programs like the agriculture risk coverage,  price loss coverage, marketing assistance loans, the important  conservation programs, and so many more.   For PLC alone, U.S. farmers are expected to receive $4.7 billion in  October. Out of that total, Nebraska farmers are anticipating $180  million in program payments. Without that immediate CCC reimbursement,  these payments and these programs are going to be significantly  delayed. That will jeopardize the nearly 46,000 farms and ranches in my  State of Nebraska.   We have seen more than 40 agriculture and commodity groups who have  stepped forward and written congressional leadership this week with a  very, very clear message: Blocking the inclusion of that CCC  reimbursement in a CR will hurt farmers and ranchers, no question.   We need to come together. We need to come together and fund the  programs that we, Republicans and Democrats alike, have voted on in  countless  [[Page S5686]]  farm bills. Our farmers and ranchers rely on them, and they rely on  them now more than ever. Congress must keep its commitment to these  hard-working men and women.   I urge my colleagues in the House and here in the Senate not to allow  politics to stand in the way of upholding our commitment to those hard- working men and women who get up every morning and work tirelessly day  in and day out to put food on our tables. Our producers aren't thinking  of just themselves; they are planning for future generations that will  proudly carry on their life's work and continue feeding our world.  Let's make sure we continue to fund these programs so that we can  ensure that they can do that.   My thanks to my fellow ag State colleagues who know the importance of  agriculture, not just to the States we represent but to this country as  a whole. Thank you to the Senator from North Dakota for organizing us  to come to the floor so that we as a group can stress that importance   