 Mr. President, I am honored and humbled to stand  before you today as Georgia's and our country's newest U.S. Senator.   As the 100th Senator, I have spent the least time in Washington, but  as the least senior Senator, I am also the most recently attached to  the private sector, where the vast majority of Americans live and work.  I am intensely aware of the needs and the expectations that Americans  hold for us.   Just 2 months ago, I left nearly a three-decade business career to  serve the great people of Georgia and our Nation, but being here in  this respected, historic Chamber is a very long way from where I  started.   I was born and raised as the fourth generation of corn and soybean  farmers, and I grew up working in our fields and with our cattle on the  feedlot. I waitressed and sold watches and shoes to put myself through  school. Then I moved around the country to pursue my dream of a  business career. I have been a job seeker and a job creator. I haven't  spent my life trying to get to Washington, but I worked hard to stand  where I am today.   I have lived the American dream, and each day, I remember where I  came from, and I am proud of my beginnings. While I am an outsider to  politics, I am not new to getting results. I came here to get things  done for the people of Georgia.   So why does all of this matter today, in this historic moment right  now, just 2 days from my vote to acquit President Trump? Because for  months and, sadly, years for many, Members of Congress who have meant  to serve the American people have been tied up in a political game.   There is much to regret here--the House's false urgency to push  through deficient articles, only to ask for more time, more evidence,  more testimony; the deception of the House managers, who are more  focused on political power than they are on pursuing the facts; the  media who ran with the narrative the Democrats planted, with selective,  unlawful leaks.   For the last 132 days, Congress has been neglecting the American  people. I came here to get things done for Georgians, but for the last  2 weeks, we have been stuck in the Senate Chamber, working on something  that most Americans have little interest in.   As my notebooks filled up, I thought to myself, how did this case  even make it to the Senate?  [[Page S804]]    When I am around the State, it is very clear that this is not what  people at home care about. Georgians aren't losing sleep over a call  the President made or questioning his constitutional right to conduct  foreign policy. They are concerned with taking care of their families,  their jobs, and their freedom to achieve the American dream and live  the lives they imagined. I think of young kids, whether in the inner  city or on a farm or in the suburbs. What example are we setting in  Washington? Why should employers feel that Washington cares about job  creation when there is a neglect of the engine that makes America  strong?   Why are we here? We are public servants, charged with protecting the  Constitution and our country and I hope, in the process, bettering the  lives of all Americans.   Despite this monumental distraction, this administration has worked  tirelessly to move our country forward.   Last week, the President signed into law the United States-Mexico- Canada Agreement. Sadly, this sat on Speaker Pelosi's desk for 1 year,  denying American farmers and workers untold economic opportunity.   Last month, the administration completed a phase one deal with China,  now holding China accountable for unfair trade practices and adding to  our thriving economy.   For 3 years, as the Democrats have focused on taking down a duly  elected President, President Trump's pro-growth policies have given us  a booming economy. These policies have resulted in record employment, 7  million new jobs, and a blue-collar boom that is lifting up hard- working Americans.   This administration charges on, but it needs Congress's support if  America is to move on with the American dream for all.   With that in mind, I say: Enough. Let's put our trust in the American  people. They are the ones who should make a judgment about the  President, and they will do that in 9 months. Let's not be so arrogant  as to take that decision away from the American people. Instead, let's  focus all of our energies on improving their lives. Impeachment does  not do that. It is time to move on.   I yield the floor.   