 Mr. Speaker, first, before I talk about the bill at hand,  I  [[Page H6065]]  want to say just what an honor it has been serving with you on the  Rules Committee, Mr. Woodall.   You know, I didn't know Mr. Woodall, really, before I served on the  Rules Committee with him, and I found him to be very witty, a very good  debater as well. You do it in such a nice way. You really win the  debates, but you do it with a smile, and you do it in a friendly way. I  really appreciate the way you conduct yourself and how you actually win  arguments, but you are very friendly about it.   I don't know what your future holds, but I wish you all of the best.  You are extremely talented, and it really is an honor to serve with  you.   Mr. Speaker, let me talk about the bill. I find it crazy, quite  frankly, that the American people and small businesses are hurting,  because of the COVID crisis, and they need COVID relief, and we are not  concentrating on a bipartisan COVID relief stimulus package right now  that will actually be signed into law.   I find it just incredulous that, instead, my Democratic colleagues  are focusing on legalizing marijuana nationwide.   Sometimes I think that the world is turned upside down, when you have  a State--I think Oregon--that bans plastic straws but legalizes cocaine  and heroin. It is just insane to me and I think to a majority of my  constituents, whether they be Republican, Independent, or Democrat,  quite frankly.   It is interesting to me--I sit on the Rules Committee and the  Judiciary Committee--that on a lot of these tobacco bills that the  Democrats have been promoting, it says, okay, we don't want flavored  tobacco. But yet on marijuana, they don't seem to care about that. They  don't care.   In this bill, there is nothing about we shouldn't have flavored  edibles or candies or brownies that would be enticing to children. As  far as I know, that is not in this bill at all. Yet, we want to ban  that with tobacco. This makes absolutely no sense to me and no sense, I  think, to the American public.   At a time when parents are trying to get their children back into  school with an in-person option, because their children are falling so  far behind because of the lockdowns of schools, here we are with a bill  that will make it easier for these same children to get marijuana  products.   I am sorry. I just don't get it. I don't understand the motivation. I  am absolutely opposed to this bill.   