 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from New York, Chairwoman  Maloney, for her leadership.   Mr. Speaker, this bill would direct the GAO to evaluate the social,  economic, and historic contributions that Minor League Baseball has  made to American life and culture.   George Will wrote last October: ``In baseball, as in the remainder of  life, the most valuable rules are unwritten.''   To my mind, one of the cardinal rules is: ``Don't forget where you  come from.'' My grandmother, an immigrant from Brazil, worked in the  very mill building in Lowell where I now have my Congressional office.  And each day, we help people just like her. It is a constant reminder  of the community Lowell is--welcoming, loyal, diverse, and proud.   Mr. Speaker, in 1996, the Spinners came to Lowell, Massachusetts. The  Spinners are an affiliate of our beloved Red Sox, and they play just 30  miles away in Fenway Park. Ever since that first season, fans from  across the Merrimack Valley have rallied to them each summer.   The Spinners are today as much a part of our city as the Lowell  National Historical Park, UMass Lowell, and the Merrimack River. The  city has invested in ensuring that LeLacheur Park, where the Spinners  play, is among the best ballparks in our country.   Baseball has deep roots in communities just like Lowell across the  Nation. However, fans of the Spinners and 41 other teams nationwide,  had a rude awakening last fall when it was learned that a contraction  proposal put their affiliations at risk. Instead, they were offered a  pipe dream alternative that would almost certainly spell the end of  professional baseball in these communities.   The bill before us notes that: ``Preservation of Minor League  Baseball in 160 communities is in the public interest, as it will  continue to provide affordable, family-friendly entertainment in those  communities.''   Mr. Speaker, these communities deserve better than to be forgotten.  They deserve better than to be considered merely in the context of a  balance sheet. These communities have supported their teams through  thick and thin, and they produce the talent that we all see on the  baseball diamond at the major league level.    Mr. Speaker, I urge MLB: Don't forget where you come from. Baseball  has always been a game rooted in communities like mine.   