 Madam President, those of you who have taken time out  to watch college sports this fall--and I know there are many in this  Chamber who have, and they know that the games this year have looked  very different when you compare them to previous years' games. A lot  has changed for these young players, but they are no less popular with  their fans and no less important to the success and prominence of the  academic institutions they represent.   For a while now, I have been joined by other members of the Commerce  Committee as we have tried to resolve the tension that exists between  the NCAA and college sports stars over a student athlete's right to  earn compensation for the use of their name, image, or likeness. This  is called the NIL issue.   Last week, Senator Wicker, who is chairman of the Commerce Committee,  introduced the Collegiate Athlete and Compensation Rights Act, which  would finally create a uniform national framework to allow student  athletes to receive that compensation without the risk of losing their  amateur status and without falling into traps set by dishonest outside  parties looking to exploit their fame.   Normally, we don't make too much hay over a bill introduction, but  just getting everyone to the table is a first step that student  athletes have wanted to see happen for a while. And I thank Chairman  Wicker and Senator Moran for backing this legislation.   I do want to point out that the reason the Senate has stepped in is  because the NCAA just never could get around to addressing this issue.  They kept kicking the can down the road. They kept sending it to one  committee and to another committee, and the NCAA has shown very little  determination to solve this issue for these young athletes. Because the  leadership at the NCAA has proven unable and has shown an inability to  address this, we have stepped up to address this issue. Our student  athletes deserve more respect than they have been shown by the NCAA.   (Mr. BOOZMAN assumed the Chair.)   