 Madam President, I want to begin by saying thank you  to my colleague from Florida who is doing so much good work on the  Armed Services Committee, and I also thank Chairman Inhofe and other  members of the committee who have made it a priority to be certain that  our men and women in uniform are well cared for and their families are  protected and that we are thinking toward the future as we look at this  year's NDAA.   As we have gone through this year's NDAA drafting process with a  unique frame of reference, the effects of the COVID pandemic have made  our national security, our supply chain, our reach and development  vulnerabilities national news.   I think they have shifted somewhat the focus that the American people  have had, and I can't remember a time when I have had so many  Tennesseans contacting my office asking questions about our critical  infrastructure supply chain: How are we protecting ourselves and how do  we look at what is transpiring in our Nation and globally to consider  how we best protect ourselves and defend this Nation? The fallout from  the pandemic has highlighted the need for our Armed Forces to reassert  themselves globally.  [[Page S3985]]    The proposed 2021 NDAA that we are gathered on the floor this morning  to discuss and to show our support for this legislation and for its  funding will do some critical things.   The newly created Pacific Deterrence Initiative will enhance U.S.  global leadership and devote needed attention and resources to  multinational fusion centers in the Indo-Pacific, where we can work  with our allies and partners to reduce the threat of Chinese  aggression. And that is something that through COVID, through the way  China has stolen our intellectual property--this has come to the  forefront.   Just having the presence will not be enough. If we don't focus on  innovation as an essential element of our national security, we will  fall behind. It is imperative that we continue to lead in technology,  in research and development, in making certain that the 21st century is  going to be a century of freedom.   In this year's NDAA, we prioritized education. The proposed package  includes funding for JROTC educational opportunities in STEM fields. I  will tell you, in Tennessee, we have the Dobyns-Bennett High School in  Kingsport, TN. They are continuing great work in these JROTC programs.   We are also going to invest in collaborative research between  academia and military. Programs like Pathfinder Air Assault will  strengthen our Armed Forces against dangerous adversaries like China,  Iran, and Russia--all part of the new ``axis of evil.''   I am thrilled to see what researchers at the University of Tennessee,  University of Memphis, and Vanderbilt University will do with this  opportunity.   We are also going to take all of the progress we have made in  cybersecurity and bring it on home to our State and local governments.  National Guard cybersecurity assistance programs will improve homeland  security at every level of government by leveraging Department of  Defense resources against foreign adversaries.   Last but not least, I want to highlight the inclusion of language  that will secure American supply chains by requiring a percentage of  critical technologies to be manufactured and assembled in the United  States or an ally country.   All these items appear right alongside more funding for a better  quality of life for our military families.   We will also be seeing more Chinooks flying home to Fort Campbell,  TN, and investing in practical improvements on our military bases.   Ours is the kind of freedom that is always in danger of extinction  but always worth protecting, and with this bill, I believe we have  ensured that our best first line of defense has the ability to do so.   We thank our military men and women   I yield the floor.   