 Madam President, the world we are living in today is a  very different one than we envisioned when we rang in the new year in  the beginning of 2020 or even when we celebrated St. Patrick's Day in  March. COVID has altered almost every aspect of our lives, from where  we gather to celebrate or mourn to how our children are educated.   Far too many across the country have lost loved ones to this disease,  or they are living with health complications because of it. However,  while we are rightly focusing much of our energy on the coronavirus,  this is not the only health crisis we are battling.   Unfortunately, across the Nation, drug overdose deaths are rising  amidst the coronavirus, negating much of the progress we have made over  the last several years. A White House Office of National Drug Control  Policy analysis shows an 11.4-percent increase in fatalities for the  first 4 months of 2020. My home State of West Virginia reported 923  overdose-related EMS calls in May, which is roughly a 50-percent jump  from May of 2019. Our neighboring State of Kentucky--and I am sure the  neighboring State of Ohio too--has estimated a 25-percent increase in  overdose deaths between January and March.   Is COVID-19 directly causing these overdose deaths? No. Is the  pandemic exacerbating our Nation's addiction struggle? Absolutely. It  is not hard to see why. The past several months have been difficult for  all of us; however, for someone in recovery, this disruption may cause  them to have a hard time keeping their treatment regimens in place. The  need for social distancing makes in-person recovery programs that are a  lifeline for some almost impossible. Social distancing may also lead to  more individuals using drugs alone, raising the risk of overdose deaths  because there is no one there to help or intervene.   Last week, I had a chance to talk with CDC Director Redfield about  where we are in our Nation's battle against addiction. The preliminary  CDC data recently released showed drug overdose deaths climbed to a  record high last year and how the addiction crisis continues to shift  also, with overdose deaths rising in our other States, such as Alaska  and the Dakotas. He also pointed out that deaths involving  methamphetamine and cocaine have been steadily increasing despite the  fact that deaths caused largely by synthetic opioids have been  decreasing--or actually pills, have been decreasing. We talked about  how issues like neonatal abstinence syndrome, where babies are born  exposed to opioids, continue to spread.   We talked about the work we have done here in Congress and what we  continue to need to do. Over the years, as I mentioned, we have seen a  decline in the deaths from prescription opioids. We have seen increases  in access to treatment resources. Moreover, we have seen a recognition  that, as a country, we have a real addiction crisis. However, these  recent statistics and the evidence we are seeing related to substance  abuse during our current pandemic show us there is so much more work to  do, and it has a sense of urgency to it for many of us.   This sentiment was also shared when I met with Director Carroll of  the ONDCP. We met in Huntington just last Friday. Huntington is a town  that is particularly hard hit by addiction. Director Carroll expressed  his concern over the rising numbers of overdose deaths. He acknowledged  that the public health threat posed by COVID-19 and the essential  mitigation measures implemented across the country to slow the spread  together have created unprecedented obstacles for Americans seeking  drug treatment.   We discussed some of the responses the Trump administration has taken  to the pandemic and our new reality. The Trump administration has  relaxed some of the rules related to the prescribing of medication- assisted treatment. That has been helpful. The increased role of  telehealth in behavioral and mental health care--that has been helpful.   The Director updated me on ONDCP's work in working to address the  specific  [[Page S4522]]  impact drug addiction is having on rural America. Just last month,  ONDCP and other Federal agencies launched the Rural Community Toolbox,  which is an online clearinghouse created with the express purpose of  connecting rural leaders with funding, data, and information on how to  combat drug addiction. We know resources in rural America are not as  plentiful as they are in other areas of the country.   We also discussed the administration's effort at the southern border  to keep illegal drugs out of our communities. I am particularly  interested in this area, as I chair the Appropriations Subcommittee on  Homeland Security, a subcommittee of Appropriations. Through this role,  I was able to focus on the needs on the interdiction side so that drugs  do not even physically get to West Virginia in the first place. I have  been to our southern border, which is actually where most of the drugs  are coming from that end up in my State. I have worked with Customs and  Border Protection, the TSA, the Secret Service, and the Coast Guard to  make sure they remain focused on this incredibly important aspect of  our national problem.   I am also extremely proud of the work that the HSI division has done  on homeland security. They have increased their presence in West  Virginia and the number of officers, equipment, and partnerships, such  as with Marshall University, to help supplement the work of our local  law enforcement. HSI has expanded their presence at international mail  facilities--something I have been a strong proponent of, and many of us  in this body have as well.   Earlier this month, the Department of Homeland Security issued a 2019  seizures report to Congress. This report confirms that a majority of  drugs continue to come in from our southwest border, including cocaine,  fentanyl, heroin, marijuana, and methamphetamine.   Challenges as a nation and individually fill our reality today. How I  wish the drug addiction epidemic did not have to continue to be one of  them. Sadly, as many families across our Nation know all too well, it  continues to ruin many lives. Wishing it away is not going to work. We  must continue to keep our eye on the ball and provide the resources  necessary to resume the progress we have begun to see.   My colleagues and I on both sides of the aisle have worked with the  Senate Appropriations Committee to commit much needed resources.  Chairman Blunt has shown his dedication to the cause, both through the  regular appropriations and through our stimulus bills. We continue to  work to ensure that behavioral and mental health providers have the  resources they need to continue to treat patients and keep their  offices open. I am working with bipartisan colleagues on creative ways  to address this crisis, whether by ensuring that doctors can offer non- opioid choices as they resume elective surgeries through my NOPAIN Act  with Senator Jones, or by ensuring that those in treatment and recovery  can use the technologies of today to connect virtually to peers and  counselors through the Prescription Digital Therapeutics to Support  Recovery Act that I introduced with Senator Shaheen, or by arming  families with the information and resources they need to help their  loved ones stay in recovery during these trying times through the  Family Support Services for Addiction Act that I have worked on with  Senator Gillibrand.   Fortunately, we continue to not be alone in this fight. Despite the  other demands they are currently facing, community and local  organizations continue to rise to the challenge. Just last week,  Shatterproof, which is a national nonprofit organization dedicated to  reversing the addiction crisis in America, launched the Addiction  Treatment Locator, Assessment, and Standards Platform, also known as  ATLAS. ATLAS is the first resource of its kind to help those seeking  addiction treatments find high-quality care and appropriate care. It  was launched in six States. I am happy to say West Virginia was one of  them, with the hope of expanding it to many more.   Our Nation is facing unprecedented challenges; however, I remain  confident that we can meet all of them, including resuming the progress  we had begun to make on our Nation's addiction crisis. I am dedicated  to this, passionate about it, and look forward to continuing to work  with my colleagues on creative solutions   