 Madam President, I come to the floor today to ask the  Senate to pass a resolution honoring the 50th anniversary of the  Federal Law Enforcement Training Center--known as FLETC--that is  headquartered in my home State of Georgia. This is the center that  trains Federal law enforcement officers whom President Trump has  directed to help restore law and order in communities across our  country faced with dramatic increases in violence.   As part of Operation Legend, the FBI, ATF, DEA, U.S. Marshals  Service, and Homeland Security have been deployed to Kansas City,  Chicago, Albuquerque, and Detroit to reduce alarming and rising levels  of violent crime across America. Sadly, our brave women and men of law  enforcement are under attack. Rioters have physically assaulted law  enforcement--throwing rocks at them and more, causing countless  injuries.   It is clear that the recent surge in violence has been driven in part  by a lack of leadership from leftwing politicians who refuse to  prosecute crime and who endorse defunding the police. They are clearly  intent on politicizing and demonizing our law enforcement.   Today, I am asking the Senate to recognize the critical centers that  train these dedicated officers. For half a century, FLETC has trained  the next generation of highly qualified law enforcement. Headquartered  at the former Glynco Naval Air Station in Georgia, FLETC has been  instrumental in getting violent criminals off the streets and  protecting our communities for five decades.   Every year, FLETC trains nearly 70,000 officers from 95 Federal law  enforcement agencies, as well as State, local, and Tribal law  enforcement agencies. This includes agents from FBI, DEA, ATF, Customs  and Border Protection agencies, and others. It includes the Secret  Service, Park Police, and U.S. Capitol police officers who keep all of  us here safe every day.   In Georgia, FLETC is a cornerstone of our coastal community where  agents train in a mock town complete with banks, shops, and hotels to  mimic real-world scenarios. There are other programs in cyber  terrorism, active shooter threats, and financial forensics.   FLETC Director Thomas Walters recently said: ``FLETC is the only  institution in the U.S. that has the capability and capacity to train  the new Federal officers that will replace thousands of officers that  retire from Federal law enforcement in a typical year.''   At a time when law enforcement is under more scrutiny, more pressure  than ever, it is important that we take this opportunity to recognize  the hard work that goes into training and preparing our Federal law  enforcement officers, particularly in my home State of Georgia.   Madam President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 668, submitted  earlier today.  [[Page S5240]]     I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed  to, that the preamble be agreed to, and that the motions to reconsider  be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action  or debate.    Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   