 Mr. President, I am pleased to join my colleagues on  the floor in support of legislation that would address what is  happening in our long-term care facilities across this country as a  result of the coronavirus.   I applaud Senator Casey for his leadership on this legislation and am  pleased to be able to join in cosponsoring the bill, along with my  colleague from New Hampshire, Senator Hassan; Senator Whitehouse, who  was here; and Senator Blumenthal. We are all here because this country  is not doing enough to support long-term care facilities and nursing  homes in America.   Before I talk more about the legislation, I begin by expressing my  outrage at the fact that this administration has directed the  Department of Justice to weigh in to try and overturn the Affordable  Care Act at a time when we have millions of Americans who are  vulnerable during the coronavirus pandemic. As of today, 2.5 million  Americans--nearly 6,000 patients in New  [[Page S4020]]  Hampshire--have been infected with the coronavirus.   Nationally, more than 125,000 Americans have died. In New Hampshire,  nearly 400 Granite Staters have died from complications from the virus.  Yet what this administration is doing is trying to strike down the  Affordable Care Act and take away healthcare coverage from 23 million  Americans, including over 90,000 residents of New Hampshire.   That means, if they are successful, that we will have millions of  Americans with preexisting conditions who will lose protections that  they rely on. We will return to the days when insurers can deny  coverage to people with preexisting conditions or charge them higher  premiums based on their health status. Insurers will, once again, be  able to put caps on the dollar value of health services that can be  covered in a year or a lifetime.   At a time when unemployment has risen to levels that we have not seen  since the Great Depression, this administration is asking the Court to  strike down the Affordable Care Act's Medicaid expansion provisions  which, in New Hampshire, has been the most significant factor in  ensuring that people who are struggling with substance use disorders  are able to get treatment.   This Senate should not stand silently by while the administration  tries to tear down the Affordable Care Act at a time when people are  most in need of assurances that they can get healthcare coverage.   We need to come together to address what needs to change about the  Affordable Care Act to make it better, but we need to do that together  because if this administration is successful in striking down the  Affordable Care Act, they don't have a plan of what is going to replace  it.   During this global pandemic, it is not enough just to protect the  Affordable Care Act from ongoing sabotage. We have also got to do more  to support frontline healthcare providers, especially in nursing homes  and long-term care facilities that are caring for vulnerable seniors,  and that is what this legislation that we are speaking to is all about.   In the Granite State, we know just how dire the needs of nursing  facilities have become, as nursing home residents account for  approximately 80 percent of the coronavirus deaths in New Hampshire.   I want to just reemphasize what Senator Hassan said. Eighty percent  of the coronavirus deaths in New Hampshire--we have the highest rate in  the Nation of deaths in long-term care facilities, and yet we have  nursing facility staff in the State who tell me they are stretched thin  due to increased costs from the coronavirus response. They have reduced  revenue because they have had to postpone stays in long-term care  facilities for patients who need physical rehabilitation.   It is critical that the Senate take action to provide more support to  these facilities so they can afford the additional staffing, the  testing supplies, the personal protective equipment that will be needed  to keep our seniors safe.   That is why I strongly support Senator Casey's bill that will provide  $20 million in new aid to nursing facilities to help them confront this  pandemic head-on.   This bill needs to be a central component of any future round of  coronavirus response legislation here in the Senate. Our communities  are demanding action to respond to the ongoing impact that the virus is  having on the public health and on our economy.   As I said last week on the Senate floor, it is long past time for  this body to join together and get serious about another coronavirus  response bill.   The really impressive thing about what we have done to date in  response to this pandemic is the fact that we have worked together to  get four really significant packages of legislation done. Yet now it  has been 6 weeks since the House passed its coronavirus response  package, known as the Heroes Act. During that time, there has been no  action here in the Senate to take up the Senate response to the  coronavirus. That needs to end.   I mean, even today we heard the Governor of New Hampshire--the  Republican Governor, Chris Sununu--announce that in New Hampshire our  State expects to experience a budget shortfall of nearly $540 million.  That is about a 20-percent drop in State revenues. That is going to  have a huge impact in New Hampshire, not just on healthcare but on so  many investments that the State needs to make in our schools, in  responses for first responders, in roads and water systems and critical  infrastructure. Everyone in the State, from town administrators to the  Republican Governor, all are describing the tough choices that they are  going to have to make if Federal assistance doesn't arrive soon.   Of course, that extends to our nursing home facilities--to the many  businesses and organizations in New Hampshire and across this country  that need more help.   So I urge our colleagues to support Senator Casey's legislation.  Let's get assistance to those facilities that are so much in need and  come together and demand that we get another coronavirus response  package of legislation so that people know help is, once again, on the  way.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I am really pleased to be here to join  the ranking member of the Committee on Small Business and  Entrepreneurship, Senator Cardin; Democratic Leader Schumer; Senator  Coons, who is also a member of the Small Business Committee; and  Senator Collins, who worked so hard with the negotiating team to put in  place the Paycheck Protection Program.   I am pleased because we have an agreement to extend the expiration  date to August 8. I came here thinking that we would not be able to get  agreement, so I am glad that Senator Scott was willing to work with us  as we try and get not just an extension--because we need an extension  of that first round, and that is what tonight does, but we also need  another round of PPP.   This has, by far, been the largest business relief effort in our  Nation's history--for small businesses, anyway. I am hearing now from  so many small businesses in New Hampshire. Those that have used the PPP  program effectively have kept their workers on the payroll; they have  paid their rent; and they are beginning to open back up again. But that  funding is about to run out, and they need more assistance as our  economy reopens--particularly those mom-and-pop businesses with very  few employees.   In New Hampshire, the tourism and hospitality industries, which have  been the first to close and are going to be the last to reopen, are  just vital to New Hampshire's economy. And New Hampshire restaurants  account for nearly 70,000 jobs, with $3 billion in sales, and hotels  represent another 29,000 jobs and $1 billion in wages and salaries.   I have heard from small businesses like LaBelle Winery, which is a  beautiful winery, conference, and wedding venue in Southern New  Hampshire. It has 100 employees. It is fighting to survive. The owners  of LaBelle Winery have put in two decades of work, yet all of their  events are canceling for the summer and fall. They have spent their  first round of PPP. They are operating now at just a fraction of their  capacity. Before the pandemic, this was a thriving business with  expansion plans for opening an inn and a second restaurant. Now, if  they don't get that second round, they are in real trouble.   Colby Hill Inn and The Grazing Room restaurant, which is in the only  Henniker on Earth--Henniker, NH--is about to lose 65 percent of its  revenues this year. The revenue from their high-end restaurant isn't  even covering payroll or food costs. They had 95 percent of all of  their events cancel this year.   The life savings of Bruce, the owner, and his husband Jeff are in  this inn, and if they lose their business, they not only lose their  business; they lose their home. If they don't get a second round, if  they can't apply for that second round, they may not still be here.   So I am really pleased we have gotten this extension tonight. That is  progress. But we need a second round.   There is $130 billion left in the Paycheck Protection Program. We  need to help those small businesses that need additional assistance.   I am pleased that we are working in a bipartisan fashion to try and  get a bill. We have a bill that Senators Cardin, Coons, and I  introduced. Now we are working with Senator Rubio, chairman of the  committee, and Senator Collins, who was part of that four-person  negotiating team. I am hopeful and cautiously optimistic that, if we  work together, we will be able to agree--Republicans and Democrats--on  what should be in that second round.   The challenge, then, is to get another package of assistance not just  for America's small businesses but for all of the people who have taken  such a hit as a result of this global pandemic. Over 128,000 Americans,  339 Granite Staters, have lost their lives.   New Hampshire has an unemployment rate that, before the pandemic, was  under 3 percent, and it is now 14.5 percent. We have to help those  small businesses get through this period, and I am hopeful that,  working together, we can do that. We can get another package of  legislation, and we can say to Americans again that help is on the way.   