 Mr. President, I rise today to speak in support of the  defense authorization bill for fiscal year 2021.   I want to start off by thanking the chairman and ranking member of  the Senate Armed Services Committee. I am grateful for their hard work,  their leadership in crafting this bill, conducting a productive markup,  and managing the floor process. We came together on this committee  during these difficult times, and we passed a strong bipartisan bill,  one that supports our servicemembers and provides for the defense of  this Nation.   I have said it many times before: Our warfighters are our greatest  asset. The brave men and women who serve deserve our utmost respect,  support, and gratitude.   This year's bill authorizes a 3-percent pay raise for all members of  the uniformed service. It reauthorizes over 30 types of bonuses and  special pays and increases incentive pay for healthcare professionals.   The bill also prioritizes support for military families through  childcare and spouse employment opportunities. We need to ensure that  our warfighters can stay focused on executing their mission and  maintaining readiness. This is only possible if they know their  families, especially their spouses and children, are taken care of.   As countries like Russia and China rapidly modernize, we face a  growing need for intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance  capabilities despite having a limited fleet of resources.   Over and over again, I have heard from combatant commanders who  reiterate the need for ISR. They also note the significant shortfall in  supply versus a demand the Department of Defense has called  ``insatiable.'' This is a problem I know well, as I am proud to have  the honor of representing the Air Force's 55th Wing, the No. 1 provider  of large fixed-wing ISR in the Nation.   To continue enhancing the capabilities of the 55th Wing, this bill  would authorize nearly $200 million in funding for the continued  modernization and upgrading of the RC-135 aircraft. This bill ensures  that the platform remains a capable part of the Air Force's ISR system  for decades to come. The RC-135 is a core component at the Air Force's  ISR system and will be for the foreseeable future.  [[Page S4009]]    But as we enter newly contested environments, we need to think  creatively about integrating platforms like the RC-135 into new ISR  networks. I included language in this year's NDAA that would require an  assessment of the overall ISR's shortfall based on combatant commander  demand, with details about the planned integration of the RC-135  aircraft into next-generation networks like ABMS.   This provision would task the Department of Defense with exploring  the conversion of retiring KC-135 aircraft into the highly sought after  RC-135 to grow that ISR capability.   Unfortunately, we also face a broader issue with the size and the age  of our Nation's Air Force, which is why I included language encouraging  growth to meet the Air Force We Need target of 386 operational  squadrons.   Offutt Air Force Base in Nebraska Houses the Air Force's fleet of E- 4B aircraft, which serves as the National Airborne Operations Center  and plays a key role in our nuclear command, control, and  communications architecture. The NAOC provides a highly survivable  platform from which to direct U.S. forces, execute emergency war  orders, and coordinate actions by civil authorities.   The E-4B fleet, which first entered service in 1974, is aging rapidly  and sustainment efforts have grown increasingly difficult and costly.  The path forward for recapitalizing this vital strategic capability  remains unclear. So I included language in this bill that would  encourage the swift recapitalization of this important capability   Nebraska is also the proud home of the world-class University of  Nebraska Medical Center, which is among the Nation's leading  specialized medical care and biocontainment units. This made UNMC the  logical choice to be the first U.S. location to receive the COVID-19  patients for quarantine and testing. The first clinical trial of a drug  to combat coronavirus was conducted there as well.   COVID-19 has placed an exceptional strain on the Nation's healthcare  infrastructure, and we need to address our limited capacity to respond  to major events. For that reason, I championed language in the NDAA  that would authorize $5 million to implement a pilot program on  civilian and military partnerships to enhance the interoperability and  medical surge capacity of the National Disaster Medical System. This  program would improve future Federal responses to pandemics and to  other threats while giving institutions with an established expertise  in these areas, like UNMC, an opportunity to participate.   Additionally, the Senate NDAA bill makes targeted investments to  begin addressing the disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic,  including $46 million for coronavirus vaccine research and production,  and the bill encourages faster adoption of telehealth services.   We are all aware of the increasing effort by China and Russia to  expand their influence, which has underscored the need to work with our  partners and allies around the world. Engagement, development,  training, and education with partner military forces is crucial to  successfully strengthening alliances and attracting new partners, and  it is important that we cement new ties in places where we have a  lighter presence.   The State Partnership Program, a Department of Defense program that  encourages cooperation between National Guard units and partner  militaries, is an excellent example of this. To encourage its continued  development, I included language in this year's NDAA highlighting the  SPP's success in cultivating positive relationships with partner  forces.   Nebraska has two such partnerships: a shared one with the Czech  Republic and a newly penned partnership with Rwanda.   This mil-to-mil training program allows National Guard units to  conduct exercises and education with developing nations, cultivating  partnerships that are vital to our success around the world. I also  serve as chair of the Strategic Forces Subcommittee, which oversees the  Department's nuclear forces and the U.S. Strategic Command, or  STRATCOM, which is located in my State of Nebraska.   It also has jurisdiction over national security space and missile  defense programs, as well as the Department of Energy's defense  activities.   Across the subcommittee's jurisdiction, we reduced funding for  underperforming programs in order to better support the priorities of  our war fighters.   For example, my subcommittee authorized an additional $76.8 million  to begin development of a land-based missile defense capability for  Guam. Not only is this a top priority for the INDOPACOM commander, but  it is the single largest new activity undertaken as part of the Pacific  Deterrence Initiative.   The subcommittee also authorized an increase of $120 million in order  to accelerate the development of the space-based Hypersonic and  Ballistic Tracking Space Sensor at the Missile Defense Agency. Despite  repeated testimony from DOD witnesses about the significance of this  program, year after year, budget requests fail to fully fund it. While  I am proud of the subcommittee's work to keep this program moving  forward, I hope that next year the Department will take the initiative  and fully fund this essential program.   To meet additional missile defense priorities, this bill also  provides $128 million to increase procurement of SM-3 IIA missiles and  an additional $162 million to continue the development of the Homeland  Defense Radar-Hawaii, a key unfunded priority of the INDOPACOM  commander.   The bill also authorizes an increase of $319.6 million to procure an  eighth THAAD battery. As threats continue to increase, the need for  THAAD's unique defense capabilities continues to grow.   Most importantly, this year's bill authorizes full funding for the  continued modernization of our nuclear deterrent. This includes  critical programs such as the Ground Based Strategic Deterrent, which  will replace our aging ballistic missile force, and the next-generation  nuclear cruise missile, the long range standoff weapon.   It also invests heavily in the modernization of the National Nuclear  Security Administration's nuclear complex, a third of which dates to  the Manhattan Project and early Cold War era.   I would like to take a moment to remind my colleagues of why  maintaining our modernization schedule is so very important. While  still effective, our nuclear deterrent is aging. Every leg of our  nuclear triad has been extended far beyond its originally planned  service life, and we have reached a point where further life extensions  are simply not possible. These systems must be replaced.   To this end, the previous administration began the development of a  number of programs to recapitalize our nuclear deterrent, including a  new ICBM, a new submarine, and a new bomber. Yet these replacements are  expected to be delivered just as the current systems are aging out, and  as many STRATCOM Commanders have testified, there is no margin for  error in this schedule.   Take, for example, the Ohio-class submarines. Through life  extensions, the submarines will be in service for 42 years--longer than  any other submarine in our Navy's history. As the current STRATCOM  Commander, ADM Charles Richard, who is a submariner by trade,  eloquently explained during his confirmation hearing that it is simply  not possible to keep them in service any longer.   However, as a result of previous decisions to delay the development  of the Ohio's replacement, these submarines will be retiring before the  next generation--the Columbia class--is ready for service. Let me say  that again. The submarines that form one-third of our nuclear triad  will begin retiring before their replacements are ready.   STRATCOM believes it can mitigate the risks associated with that  schedule, but this reflects the high level of risk that has already  been accepted in our planning. It also explains exactly why officials  in both the Trump and the Obama administrations have repeatedly  emphasized that there is no margin for additional delay.   Admiral Richard testified earlier this year: ``I cannot overemphasize  the need to modernize our nuclear forces and recapitalize the  supporting infrastructure to ensure we can maintain this deterrent in  the future.''   This is why fully funding these programs and maintaining our current  modernization schedule is so important. We must continue preparing to  [[Page S4010]]  meet and defeat the adversaries of tomorrow.   In closing, I again stress that the Senate's NDAA bill gives our men  and women in uniform the resources they need. More than this, it  provides for their and their families' futures through much needed pay  raises, employment opportunities, and other programs. This bill is good  for the nuclear and strategic forces that protect our country. This  bill is good for our Nation. This bill is the product of bipartisan  consensus. Nearly all of my Republican and Democratic colleagues on the  Committee on Armed Services voted for it.   Let's provide for the defense of our Nation and the men and women of  our Armed Forces by voting for the bill. I ask my colleagues to join me  in supporting its swift passage.   I yield the floor.   