 MALONEY of New York. Madam Speaker, I rise in strong  support of this resolution which establishes a new select subcommittee  on the coronavirus within the Committee on Oversight and Reform.   I look forward to working closely with the distinguished majority  whip from South Carolina, Mr. Clyburn, on this very important effort.   As the Speaker has explained, this new subcommittee is modeled  directly after the Truman committee which saved billions of taxpayer  dollars during World War II and helped mobilize our Nation, our  industries, and our entire population for war.   Harry Truman explained at the time that it was critical during this  effort to conduct oversight, to prevent the waste of taxpayer funds,  rather than waiting until after they were spent.   Catching problems early and correcting them immediately saved not  only money but lives. Today our Nation, our economy, and our people,  face a similar mobilization effort as we engage in this war against the  coronavirus. Microbes are killing more people than missiles.   And let me be clear. Right now, we are only in the first battle. This  week the director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  warned that we could face a second, more deadly wave of coronavirus  this fall. He warned that it could, ``Actually be even more difficult  than the one we just went through.''   But our national stockpile is nearly depleted. We need protective  equipment, we need critical medical supplies, we need tests, and we  need new vaccines and treatments. We need all the supplies and  materials necessary not only to safeguard our current medical workers  but to restore our stockpiles and to build them up, so we are ready for  the next battle and the one after that and whatever comes next.   This is something we all should be able to agree on. This should be a  bipartisan effort, and I encourage all of my colleagues to come  together, to protect the interests of the American taxpayers, and to  promote the most efficient, effective, equitable, and transparent  mobilization in history in response to this deadly crisis.    MALONEY of New York. Madam Speaker, I support this  bill, which provides an additional $310 billion for PPP loans. And  while this is desperately needed, it almost certainly will not be  enough.   I am glad that an additional $60 billion is being set aside for  community banks, credit unions, minority banks, and CDFIs. And as chair  of the Committee on Oversight and Reform, I promise I will watch the  $60 billion like a hawk to make sure that it goes to the communities  that we intended.   But I also want to mention another key priority: The postal service,  which is running out of money and must be funded soon.   