 Madam President, this weekend, I was thinking about  the toll that the recent loss of fellowship has really taken on the  American people.   I think everyone would agree that, over the past few months, we have  really felt levels of loneliness, anger, and frustration that we have  never experienced in our lives. For most of us, it has been a long time  since we have been able to gather with friends and family or to go to a  church service. This isolation has brought to the surface conflict that  has been brewing for a very long time. For many years, powerful forces  in politics and popular culture have insisted that there is nothing we  can't learn from interacting with one another online. Technology has  brought the world together under the premise of this false intimacy and  convinced millions of people that what they see on their screens is all  they need to know about the world.   There are many things that Americans can rightfully disagree about,  especially during an election year, but contrary to what our social  media timelines would lead us to believe, most Americans have held onto  the lessons we all should have learned when we were mere children. When  we were little, we learned that, as Americans, we have a duty to fight  hatred wherever we find it, to be kind to one another, to practice the  Golden Rule. Instead of giving in to stereotypes and assumptions, we  should reject our own biases and, instead, meet people where they are,  with open arms and listening ears and loving hearts, and truly listen  to what they have to say.   There are destructive forces at work in this country that want the  American people to forget these lessons and, instead, make a false  choice between putting their beliefs into practice and protecting the  institutions and symbols that define our Republic. They want to  convince you that this Nation is broken beyond repair. That is their  goal: to undermine what you believe and to convince you that the path  forward must be forged at the expense of faith, hope, and free speech,  free expression. This is a lie. Worse, it is an obvious lie to anyone  who has studied our Nation's precious history. For hundreds of years,  the American people have persevered in spite of conflict and more-- civil unrest, economic downturns, and neighborly disagreements.    That is what we are going to do now here in Washington, back at home  in Tennessee, and in our communities. Instead of allowing Congress to  come to a standstill, we will make and encourage strong policies that  protect the American people. Even though the mainstream media has  temporarily forgotten that we are in the midst of a global pandemic,  the Senate has not forgotten that. We will continue to monitor the  progress of businessowners as they slowly repair the damage done to our  economy by extended lockdowns and do everything we can to make sure our  scientists have the resources they need to develop a vaccine for COVID- 19.   Our relationship with China has changed forever, and we must pass  legislation to reflect that. Our supply chains that provide  pharmaceuticals, medical supplies, and critical national resources are  all vulnerable to manipulation by Beijing. We should pass legislation  to incentivize domestic manufacturing, starting with the SAM-C bill  that Senator Menendez and I have offered in this Chamber. This would  support stateside pharmaceutical production.   We must also continue working with Big Tech to create responsible  privacy guidelines and protect consumer data from Chinese hackers. Last  week in Judiciary, we heard testimony that confirmed a history of  corruption at the highest levels of the Obama-led Justice Department.  There are many, even in this Chamber, who would rather not talk about  that, but we must press forward with this investigation. We have to get  to the bottom of what happened at the Department of Justice and with  the FBI during Operation Crossfire Hurricane, and we will do all of  this. We will do the job that we were elected to do while we maintain  law and order and insist that those enforcing the law are accountable  to the citizens whom they are sworn to serve and protect.   To those who insist that we as a nation are irreparably broken, I  want you to know that I and the American people have taken note of your  words, and now I hope that you will take note of mine. This country is  strong. Our people are resilient. Over the course of just a few months,  many of them have lost everything. They have lost the lives of family  members. They have lost their livelihoods. Their lives and their  futures--every waking moment of every day--are filled with uncertainty,  but they still hold tight to those lessons they learned when they were  children. They know that they were endowed by their Creator with the  liberties that make America special and that no force on Earth has the  power to separate them from their faith in God and their country and in  one another.   I yield the floor.   