 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit  at the desk.    I am in its current form.    Mr. Speaker, this motion is the last  opportunity to amend the bill, and it does so without delay in passage.   We all agree that PFAS chemicals that present health risks to the  public should be cleaned up as quickly as possible, but it should be  done according to the best available science.   The majority often likes to claim that they are the party of science.  Unfortunately, this bill ignores science and facts for scoring  political talking points by grouping together an entire class of PFAS  chemicals. Some of these chemicals are essential to lifesaving medical  devices; others provide for cutting-edge technologies in aerospace that  are critical to our national security.   By ignoring scientific evidence, this bill would kill innovations  that could help further lift people's standard of living and save  lives.   I understand and share frustrations for slow cleanup of the dangerous  PFAS chemicals. In my own district, Fairchild Air Force Base and Airway  Heights, Washington, are dealing with PFAS. However, we just passed  bipartisan legislation based on science through the NDAA that will  ensure that affected communities are cleaned up quickly. This bill  would ignore those efforts.   It is unprecedented that Congress would unilaterally classify  chemicals under CERCLA. By doing so, Congress will designate  communities like Airway Heights a Superfund site, significantly harming  their ability to attract new investments and hurting property values.   Instead of trying to score political points, we should be proud of  the bipartisan achievement of the NDAA and continue to work to clean up  our communities and get results.   This amendment is a good faith effort to improve this legislation in  a way that enhances its efforts to protect all Americans from harmful  chemicals.   Section 5 of H.R. 535 seeks to guarantee protection of vulnerable  populations from potential PFAS dangers in their drinking waters. It  states that the new rules ``shall be protective of the health of  subpopulations at greater risk.''   The Safe Drinking Water Act already identifies pregnant women as an  at-risk group. However, there is not just one. When it comes to  pregnant women who are at risk, there are two people at risk: the  pregnant woman and the unborn child.   The science is clear. Technology today allows us to look inside the  womb. We see the baby's development day by day, week by week. That  person is the most vulnerable population that should be protected.   This motion to recommit is simple; it is clear; it is direct. It  clarifies that the protection of vulnerable populations must include  any unborn child.   Yesterday, Chairman Pallone recognized the potential harm these  chemicals can have on child development. Today, Speaker Pelosi  reiterated the importance of protecting expectant mothers. By rejecting  this amendment, you would be further denying the science of the  development of a child in the womb.   This motion is consistent with policy that EPA itself has employed:  considering the impact of chemical exposures to babies in the womb. For  example, in 2011, the EPA, under President Obama, decided to regulate  certain chemicals in drinking water based in part on the impacts to the  in utero person.   Congress also passed bipartisan legislation, a law in 2004, the  Unborn Victims of Violence Act, recognizing the personhood of an unborn  child.   This motion makes a small but vital improvement to this bill. It is  an improvement that is necessary to preserve the central goal of the  bill's sponsors: protecting vulnerable populations.   If that is the majority's goal, then this amendment should be  accepted. It does not strike or delay anything in the bill. It only  clarifies what is considered a vulnerable population based  [[Page H163]]  on the same language in the bipartisan 2004 act.   Most importantly, it protects the unborn child, something that I hope  everyone in this room can agree should be one of our greatest  priorities: to protect people before they are born and at every stage  of their life.   I urge my colleagues to support science by supporting my motion to  recommit.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote.   A recorded vote was ordered.   