 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   First, I thank President Trump for making a decisive action to  protect Americans. Thank you.   The world now knows that Obama's appeasement strategy policies,  including giving billions of dollars to Iran, are over. It didn't work.  The world knows that when President Trump says we are not going to  cross this red line, they know he means it.   In Rules Committee last night and again today, I listened as my  Democratic colleagues claim what this resolution is all about. They  claim that it is about making sure Congress exerts its authority to  approve future war against Iran. But that is not what this resolution  does.   In fact, let's read the title of this resolution. It says:  ``Directing the President pursuant to section 5(c) of the War Powers  Resolution to terminate the use of United States Armed Forces to engage  in hostilities in or against Iran.'' It doesn't say anything about  future war.   We do not currently have U.S. Armed Forces engaged in hostilities in  or against Iran. If Democrats are serious about making sure Congress  has its say in declaring war, they would follow the statutory  guidelines as described by Representative Cole. They are already in  there. Go to the Foreign Affairs Committee.   Instead, Democrats have chosen to short circuit the process yet again  to achieve a partisan objective.   As a member of the Rules Committee, I saw the language of the  resolution 45 minutes before the Rules Committee started. This is not a  serious effort for such a serious subject.   Here are the facts. Iran and Iranian-backed militias have escalated  their attacks.    Madam Speaker, in June 2019, Iran shot down a U.S. drone.  Trump said, no, we are not going to retaliate because no U.S. lives  were lost. Iran attacked Saudi oil fields. Iran-backed militia killed a  U.S. citizen and wounded four troops. Then, an Iran-backed militia  attacked the U.S. Embassy.   Soleimani was a terrorist designated by the Obama administration.   Let me read very quickly what the Joint Chiefs of Staff have said. He  has had 40 years of military experience under all different  administrations.    General Milley said the trigger for the drone strike that  killed Soleimani was ``clear, unambiguous intelligence indicating a  significant campaign of violence against the United States in the days,  weeks, and months,'' and that the administration would have been  ``culpably negligent'' if it did not act.   This is a man who has been in the military for 40 years under  different administrations, and you are going to doubt what he has to  say?   I thank President Trump for protecting American citizens.   