 Mr. President, I rise to add my support for the  passage of the Great American Outdoors Act.   This landmark bipartisan bill directs significant funding to public  lands nationwide, which will benefit communities across the country.  This investment will continue to pay dividends for future generations.   The purpose of this legislation is twofold. First, it provides $900  million per year in permanent funding for the Land and Water  Conservation Fund, which supports the protection of Federal public  lands and waters, including national parks, forests, wildlife refuges,  and recreation areas, and voluntary conservation on private land.   Importantly, this dedicated new funding would come from a portion of  royalties on offshore oil and gas development, not the American  taxpayer.   Secondly, the bill establishes the National Park and Public Lands  Legacy Restoration Fund. Similar to the Land and Water Conservation  Fund, this is also funded through onshore and offshore energy revenues  over 5 years, up to $1.9 billion annually for a total of $9.5 billion.   Its sole purpose is to address the deferred maintenance needs of the  National Park Service, U.S. Forest Service, U.S. Fish and Wildlife  Service, Bureau of Land Management, and Bureau of Indian Education.   Currently, the National Park Service alone has a backlog of  approximately $12 billion. This legislation will go a long way in  helping to complete priority maintenance projects across America's  public lands.   As we face a severe economic crisis as a result of the COVID-19  pandemic, I particularly want to highlight the fact that this  legislation before us today is more than just a public lands bill; it  is also a jobs bill that will help fulfill Congress's commitment to  make public lands accessible to all Americans.   The National Park System welcomed a record 327 million visitors last  year, adding nearly $42 billion to our national economy and supporting  more than 340,000 existing jobs.   According to Pew Charitable Trusts, this bill would also create  110,000 additional jobs repairing infrastructure in our national parks.   The Great American Outdoors Act also upholds Congress's long-standing  commitment to ensuring access for all Americans to public lands.   My hope is the investments made by this legislation will continue to  fulfill the purposes laid out in the Land and Water Conservation Act of  1965, articulated as ``. . . preserving, developing, and assuring  accessibility to all citizens of the United States of America of  present and future generations . . . and to strengthen the health and  vitality of the citizens of the United States.''   As our population continues to grow, it is even more vital to help  all communities, regardless of race or income levels, enjoy access to  America's beautiful open spaces, historical sites, and natural wonders.   California is home to nine national parks--more than any other  State--and we understand the tremendous value our public lands provide.   According to the National Park Service, in 2019, 39.6 million park  visitors spent an estimated $2.7 billion in local communities while  visiting National Park Service lands in California. These expenditures  supported a total of 36,000 jobs and $4.3 billion in economic output.   That is an impressive amount by any measure, and I have witnessed the  power of investments in our national parks with my own eyes in places  like the California desert.   For example, in 1994, I was proud to help enact the California Desert  Protection Act which designated Joshua Tree as a national park and  protected an additional 234,000 acres.   Today, Joshua Tree is one of the most visited national parks in the  country and welcomed 3 million visitors in 2019, according to the  National Park Service. These visitors spent approximately $150 million  in local communities surrounding the park and supported 1,860 jobs.   In addition, California has been the largest recipient of Land and  Water Conservation funds in the program's five-decade history. This  funding has helped protect beloved places like the Lake Tahoe Basin,  California Desert, Point Reyes National Seashore, Headwaters Forest,  San Diego and Don Edwards National Wildlife Refuges, and the National  Forests of the Sierra Nevada.   According to a recent study, every $1 million spent from the Land and  Water Conservation Fund supports as many as 30 jobs. Simply stated, an  investment in our public lands is an investment in the health, welfare,  and economies of our communities.   In closing, I would like to thank all of my colleagues on both sides  of the aisle who came together to prioritize these investments in our  Nation's prized public lands and the communities that rely on them.   Thank you.   