 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I rise today to commend the women who have gone before us to  celebrate the achievements that women have made and to reaffirm the  fact that we are equal in the eyes of God and in law.   Women make up 51 percent of the population, comprise over half of the  college students, make up most of today's medical and law school  students and own the majority of new businesses.   Women are not victims in need of validation. Little girls can be  whatever they want to be, whether that be an astronaut, a doctor, a  full-time mom working at home, or a member of Congress.   In addition, Federal law and court precedent uphold our rights. That  is something to applaud, and I do. However, today's legislation is  problematic on several fronts.   First, the resolution is unconstitutional. The time limit to pass the  ERA expired decades ago. Congress can't go back and remove a deadline  from a previous constitutional amendment initiative. The Supreme Court  has recognized that the 1972 ERA expired, and the Department of Justice  issued a ruling saying Congress may not revive a proposed amendment  after a deadline for its ratification has expired. Pretending that we  can remove the time limits for passage is both futile and deceptive.   Secondly, if the time limit could be extended, the ERA would not  bring  [[Page H1132]]  women any more rights than they currently have right now, but it would  entrench the legality of abortion. We know this from court precedent by  listening to those who have the most to gain from constitutionally  protecting abortion on demand.   In 1998, the New Mexico Supreme Court ruled that the equal rights  amendment in their State constitution requires State funding of  abortions. Federal courts are likely to do the same. Perhaps that is  why every pro-abortion organization is endorsing passage of the ERA.   NARAL Pro-Choice America says, ``With its ratification, the ERA would  reinforce the constitutional right to abortion.''   The National Organization for Women says, ``An ERA--properly  interpreted--could negate the hundreds of laws that have passed  restricting access to abortion. . . . `'   But that is not the only concern with passing this resolution.  Besides being unconstitutional and shredding State and Federal pro-life  protections, the ERA would also erase decades of progress which have  provided opportunities for women, advance women's progress through  Federal programs, and secure necessary protections for women and girls.   How? By incorporating gender identity in the definition of sex,  jeopardizing private spaces for women, girls' sports programs, and  women's educational institutions.   The ERA endangers laws, programs, and funding designed to benefit  women providing a pathway for legal challenges to welfare programs,  grants for battered women's shelters, efforts to bolster women  participating in STEM programs, as well as State laws governing child  support, alimony, and custody. These outcomes are anything but pro  women.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no.''   