 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to urge my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle to come together to resume  negotiations on a comprehensive relief package for Granite Staters and  Americans across this country.   Six million Americans have missed their rent or mortgage payments  since September. The lines at food pantries in my State of New  Hampshire and across the country are growing longer and longer. Yet the  partisan Supreme Court nomination seems to be the only priority of the  Republican leadership here in the Senate.   The American public are tired of partisan posturing. They need  relief, and they need it now. That is why Congress should pass a  bipartisan, comprehensive package that addresses the challenges we are  facing in the short and long term.   Congress needs to provide assistance for our hospitals and healthcare  providers, especially nursing homes and long-term care facilities,  which account for 81 percent of COVID-19 deaths in New Hampshire. That  is the highest percentage in the country.   We should also provide additional support for childcare centers and  schools that are working to safely reopen and operate during the fall  term, and we shouldn't condition those education dollars on whether a  school is physically open, as Republicans have repeatedly proposed.  That decision should be made by State and local officials, and it  should be based on safety.   We also need to support our local communities so they can continue to  pay our first responders, firefighters, police, and teachers. Under no  circumstances should our communities have to cut essential services and  frontline workers.   After months of inaction, Leader McConnell has forced the Senate to  vote twice on a partisan package that was written in his office without  any bipartisan input. Not surprisingly, that package doesn't even come  close to addressing the public health and economic issues that our  country is facing. We need to provide more financial support to  hospitals, long-term care facilities, and other healthcare providers  that are struggling on the frontlines of our fight against this  pandemic.    Senator McConnell's skinny bill does not provide any money for grants  to healthcare providers. That is zero dollars for our Nation's  hospitals, even though hospitals like the Lakes Region General Hospital  in New Hampshire just filed bankruptcy this week and hospitals across  New Hampshire are projecting hundreds of millions of dollars in losses  this year due to the cancelation of elective procedures and  nonemergency visits to deal with the pandemic.   It also provides zero dollars for nursing homes and long-term care  facilities at a time when nursing facility residents account for 81  percent of our COVID-19 deaths, and nursing homes, while they have seen  40 percent of the fatalities from this pandemic nationwide, have gotten  only 4 percent of the funding.   The bill provides zero dollars for community health centers across  the country--community health centers that are providing care to  millions of individuals, newly uninsured because they have lost their  jobs due to the pandemic.   The most recent version of the Heroes Act that passed in the House  earlier this month would provide $50 billion in new grants for  healthcare providers, as well as $7.6 billion to support our community  health centers.   I have joined Senator Casey in pressing for additional dedicated  funds, specifically for long-term care facilities, to help them retain  and hire staff--one of the biggest challenges they are having right  now--acquire testing materials and PPE, and take other steps to ensure  that our Nation's seniors are kept safe.   We also need much more funding to support testing. The Heroes Act  provided $75 billion for a national testing and contact tracing plan.  Leader McConnell's bill would only provide a fraction of that amount.   It is pretty simple. We are not going to get ahead of this pandemic  and help our economy recover if we fail to make investments in testing  and contact tracing and if we leave our healthcare providers in a  financial hole. These investments are key to getting life back to some  semblance of normal.   We also need to provide more funding to support our ongoing fight  against the opioid epidemic. In New Hampshire, we have seen that  epidemic exacerbated by the pandemic, and we are beginning to see  overdoses go up again.   The McConnell skinny bill provides no financial help for families  struggling to pay the bills and put food on the table and no funding  for State and local governments that are facing massive revenue  shortfalls due to COVID-19.   The State of New Hampshire is facing a budget shortfall of nearly  $540 million, about 20 percent of our State revenues. The Republican  proposal would provide no assistance, forcing local governments to make  very difficult choices about cutting essential services, including  whether to lay off teachers, firefighters, and police officers or  reduce trash collection and other essential services.   And the Republican bill includes nothing to address broadband needs,  depriving communities from making improvements in telehealth and remote  learning.   And it doesn't do nearly enough to address the needs of our small  businesses. Congress must also provide additional support to help small  businesses survive the economic fallout caused by the COVID crisis.   As a member of the Senate Committee on Small Business and  Entrepreneurship, I was proud to be part of the bipartisan working  group that came up with the Paycheck Protection Program. As part of  what we did for small businesses in the CARES Act, we greatly expanded  and added a grant component to the Economic Injury Disaster Loan  Program. We provided 6 months of relief for existing SBA borrowers to  make use of the 7(a), 504, and Microloan Programs.   Our intent then was to deliver relief to small businesses that are  truly hurting, and that effort has been largely successful. To date,  501 million small business borrowers have received more than $525  billion in assistance through PPP. That includes over 24,000 small  businesses and nonprofits in New Hampshire and $2.5 billion that has  come into our State alone. Over 11,000 New Hampshire small businesses  have received EIDL loans totaling over $660 million.  [[Page S6365]]    Collectively, these programs represent the largest small business  relief effort in our Nation's history by far, but we know that more  needs to be done because there are some small businesses that have  bounced back and are doing well and have returned to their pre-COVID  revenues, but, unfortunately, too many of them still need help to get  through the rest of this pandemic.   Authorization for PPP has expired with more than $130 billion still  unspent, and the funds appropriated for the EIDL Grant Program have  been exhausted.   I hear frequently from New Hampshire small businesses that have used  PPP effectively to keep workers on the payroll and make rent, but many  of them, as I said, still need more assistance as our economy reopens,  particularly in the tourism and hospitality industries, which are so  vital to New Hampshire's economy.   This is a critical time. Restaurants in New Hampshire account for  nearly 70,000 jobs and $3 billion in sales, according to the National  Restaurant Association. Hotels represent another 29,000 jobs and $1  billion in wages and salaries, according to the American Hotel and  Lodging Association. We have got to do more to help them.   Now, based on these conversations, I worked with Senator Cardin, the  ranking member on the Small Business Committee, and others to come up  with legislation that recognizes the continuing need for small business  assistance. Our bill would extend the deadline for PPP applications and  let businesses that have already received a PPP loan but are still  struggling to apply again. It would streamline the process for  borrowers to obtain forgiveness for their loans, and it would allow  local chambers of commerce and destination marketing organizations  access to the PPP program. It would also significantly increase funding  for EIDL grants and make important reforms to that program.   This and other measures must be part of any future COVID-19 relief  package, and I would urge the majority leader to quickly bring a  package of legislation to the floor that addresses both the public  health crisis as well as the economic pain that our communities-- especially our small businesses--are facing.   COVID-19 is the worst crisis our country has faced during my  lifetime. More than 220,000 Americans, including 468 Granite Staters,  have lost their lives to this virus, which has also taken a historic  toll on our economy   Congress has an obligation to address this pandemic aggressively and  thoughtfully. I am optimistic that we can come to bipartisan agreement,  but we can't wait until after the election. Americans need help putting  food on the table and paying the bills today. Too many can't afford an  arbitrary timeline for delivering assistance.   We need to set aside our differences and the partisan jockeying and  do what is right for the Nation. That is what our constituents sent us  here to do. We did it before, and we can do it again.   I yield the floor.   