 Madam President, I rise today in support of four  highly-qualified California nominees to the U.S. District Court: John  Holcomb, Mark Scarsi, and Judge Stanley Blumenfeld to the Central  District of California, and Todd Robinson to the Southern District of  California. (These four nominees know the districts where they will  serve if confirmed, and I believe they have demonstrated in their legal  careers the skills needed to serve as fair and impartial judges. All  four of these nominees received Well Qualified ratings from the  American Bar Association, and all have significant legal experience in  California.   John Holcomb, who has been nominated to the Central District of  California, is currently a partner at the law firm Greenberg Gross. Mr.  Holcomb has spent more than 25 years in private practice, focusing on  intellectual property issues. He also served as a commissioned officer  in the U.S. Navy. I understand that if confirmed, Mr. Holcomb will be  sitting in the Riverside Courthouse, which is badly in need of judges.   Mark Scarsi, nominated to the Central District of California, is  currently managing partner of the Los Angeles office of the law firm  Milbank, Tweed. Mr. Scarsi joined that firm in 2007 after spending more  than a decade with other California-based law firms, including  O'Melveny & Myers and Christie, Parker, & Hale. Mr. Scarsi specializes  in patent cases, with a focus on intellectual property. He has tried  some 28 cases to verdict, judgment, or  [[Page S5623]]  final decision, including 20 cases in which he served as lead counsel.   Judge Stanley Blumenfeld, nominated to the Central District of  California, currently serves on the Superior Court for Los Angeles  County, where he has presided over some 200 trials since his  appointment to the bench in 2006. Prior to that, Judge Blumenfeld spent  nearly two decades as a practicing attorney, including 7 years as an  Assistant U.S. attorney for the Central District of California.   Todd Robinson, nominated to the Southern District of California, is  currently a Federal prosecutor in that district, where he has served  since 1997. Mr. Robinson has significant experience litigating in  Federal courts, including in the Southern District of California. He  has tried more than 40 felony cases to verdict, including 35 as sole or  lead counsel.   In closing, Mr. President, these four nominees are highly qualified,  they have extensive practical experience, and they are ready to hit the  ground running. It is my hope and expectation that these nominees will  receive broad bipartisan support. I will be voting in favor of these  nominees, and I urge my colleagues to do the same.   