 MALONEY of New York. Madam Speaker, I thank my good  friend, Zoe Lofgren, for her leadership in so many ways and for being  part of this success today. It would not have happened without the  gentlewoman, and I am deeply grateful.   There is a saying that women hold up half the sky. I would say that  is an understatement. Women have made an incredible, lasting  contribution to our country since its founding, yet there is not one  comprehensive women's museum dedicated to women's achievements and  their contributions to our great country anyplace in America.   We have sliver museums like an arts museum or First Ladies museum or  an Annie Oakley museum or Women of the West, but not a comprehensive  museum, which the Smithsonian is planning with research and the ability  to have exhibits across the country to tell the story of American  women.   Under the leadership of Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Majority Leader  Steny Hoyer, we will be changing that today by voting on H.R. 1980, the  Smithsonian Women's History Museum Act.   This is a bipartisan effort. We have an overwhelming number of  cosponsors--293--thanks to the efforts of all of my colleagues,  including Congressman Brian Fitzpatrick, who is the lead on the other  side of the aisle; Congresswoman Brenda Lawrence; Congresswoman Eleanor  Holmes Norton, who is chairing a committee meeting now; and the Problem  Solvers Caucus led by Josh Gottheimer and   Tom Reed--bipartisan-- Congresswoman Susan Brooks; and many, many others.   I am particularly grateful to Congressman Fitzpatrick for reaching  out to me before this Congress even began to tell me he wanted to be a  leader--as his brother was--on this bill and get it across the finish  line.   I also express my appreciation to Michael Fitzpatrick, Brian's  brother, who supported this bill as a leader for many years. He is  greatly missed. He was a great statesman, and he is part of the success  with us today.   The journey of this moment started for me with a walk around the  National Mall. I was looking at all the museums, and I saw them  dedicated to air, space, spies, law enforcement, textiles, the Postal  Service, arts--all enriching institutions.   But I found myself asking: Where are the women?   Where is half the population of this country?   Today, with the passage of H.R. 1980, the House is taking a step  toward changing that.   Unfortunately, women have been left out of the telling of our  Nation's history. Sadly, if you walk around this Capitol, Madam  Speaker, and you count the over 100 statues, only nine are of women.   If you look at our 2,500 National Historic Landmarks across our  Nation, only 5 percent of our national landmarks honor women. And  studies have shown women are underrepresented in the textbooks that we  use in our public schools.   Getting to this point has been a very long road that took from 1998  to 2014 for Congress to finally pass my bill that I worked on for years  with then-Representative Marsha Blackburn to create a congressional  commission to study the establishment of a women's museum.   This bipartisan commission was appointed by Republican and Democratic  leadership and chaired by Jane Abraham, a Republican, who has become an  incredible partner in this effort. Eighteen months later, the  commissioners submitted a unanimous report that the U.S. needs and  deserves--and it is long past due--a Smithsonian women's history museum  and set out a vision of how to build it.   We took those recommendations and put them into a bill, with the  Smithsonian's input, that is before us today.    MALONEY of New York. Madam Speaker, today we will  pass this important bill, and I hope the Senate will quickly do the  same. I am grateful for the leadership of Senators Collins and  Feinstein who are leading this effort in the Senate.   My response to those who ask why this museum is so important is, if  we do not even recognize women, how can we empower them?   We need the efforts and the ability to excel, but from all of our  residents, male and female, to win in a competitive world. That is why  this bill should be supported by every Member of this House and,  hopefully, the Senate.   This is not about politics, it is not about partisanship, and it is  not a Democrat or a Republican issue. It is an American issue  recognizing the contributions of our mothers, our sisters, and our  daughters. This is about giving all women our rightful place in  history.   Madam Speaker, I thank Zoe Lofgren so much, and I urge a strong,  strong vote in support of this bill.   