 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, as we are all facing this, we are  hearing from our Tennesseans; we are hearing from small businesses; and  people are trying to hang on to every piece of information they can  get.   It helps them to stay informed, and we encourage everyone: Stay  informed. Stay up to the minute. Talk to us. Be on our websites and  social media.   We all want to get to you the information you need as quickly as we  get it because that is how we are going to defeat this--by realizing  that we are all in this together, and it is going to take every single  one of us doing our part to get past it.   In my family, we had this mantra that we grew up with, and it was  kind of my mother's way of saying: Don't sit around and wait. Do  things. And it was--there were two things she would always say: Leave  things in better shape than you found them. In other words, always be  helping to improve a situation. Leave things in better shape than you  found them.   She would always say ``Give back more than you take,'' stressing to  us the importance of being a giver to our community, to our family, to  our society, and not being a taker, sitting around feeling like you are  entitled and you want people to bring things to you.   So in our family, as we approached situations that may have been less  than wonderful or if there had been a hurricane--I grew up in South  Mississippi--or a terrible storm or some other event, we would always  look at it and say ``Leave things in better shape than you found them''  and ``Give back more than you take.''   It was important that action be a part of the solution, not only for  our family and our community but right now. Taking the right actions,  exercising good judgment, is something that is important for our entire  Nation, and Tennesseans are hard at work helping to address this  coronavirus--COVID-19--crisis that we are under.   Right now, there are 166 members of the Tennessee National Guard who  are training to provide support to the Tennessee Department of Health.  All together, the State currently plans to activate 250 guardsmen to  help out at clinics across the State. They will be helping with  assessments and screening.   To these National Guardsmen, Guardswomen, to these members and their  families who are going to activate in this crisis, bless you--God bless  you--and thank you for once again stepping up to help defend our Nation  and to meet our Nation's needs.   The Tennessee Air National Guard assisted in transporting 1 million  testing kits. They put these on the C-17s that are housed there in  Memphis and flew them from Aviano Air Base in Italy to Memphis, and  then those kits were divided out and sent to healthcare providers all  across the Nation to get testing into communities where our citizens  are fearing they may have contracted COVID-19.   In finding solutions, our scientists at Vanderbilt University Medical  Center are working hard in participation with other labs to find a  vaccine for this, the Denison Lab--and I had the opportunity to talk to  Dr. Denison last week. We know that, in conjunction with other labs,  they are expediting the testing that is necessary and finding  therapies, anti-virals, vaccines. This is something they are focusing  on, and they are working as hard as they possibly can, around the  clock, to find these solutions.   Of course, we do know if China had been more forthcoming, if they had  not tried to keep this a secret--imagine  [[Page S1980]]  trying to keep this a secret, which is exactly what they tried to do-- we would be further along in this process, but we are so grateful--so,  so grateful--for these brilliant minds that are researching this and  are building off past research from coronaviruses and from SARS, and  they are whittling down what can be used to fight this.   Indeed, the supercomputer at Oak Ridge and the team of scientists  there, working with the supercomputer, the Summit, were able to put in  a lot of information and distill down to 77 drugs that could be  effective in this fight against COVID-19.   You may remember that just as we identified our first case of COVID- 19 in Tennessee, that was the week that West and Middle Tennessee were  struck by a devastating series of tornadoes. TEMA, our emergency  management agency, and all of the volunteers who have worked on this  have done an unbelievable job in the midst of dealing with  unprecedented devastation.   Again, we thank President Trump for his attention to this, and the  people of Tennessee are so grateful for his attention to the concerns  of those hit with the tornado and his visit to the State and FEMA and  TEMA working together to address that.   So our State has had a full plate, and I say thank you to every  Tennessean who has looked at the situation that we are in and decided  that they are going to do whatever they can to help.   We have a lot of distillers in our State, and, God bless them, they  are stepping up and instead of distilling whiskey, they are moving to  sanitizers. And, yes, to those distillers, we know there is an excise  tax problem, and we are on it, trying to resolve that for you.   I have to give a shout-out to our singers and our songwriters, our  musicians. While they cannot go fill the audience at one of the clubs  on Lower Broad or one of the concert venues in so many places around  our State and up in Pigeon Forge and Gatlinburg, what they are doing is  hosting virtual concerts on their own Instagram and Facebook, and they  are doing this every single day, trying to bring a bit of joy to lift  our hearts during a time when we are quarantining and staying separate  and apart. How wonderful that we have this technology that will allow  us to walk through this entire process of this pandemic together.   Here in DC, we are doing our best to be as positive as we possibly  can and to be productive because we know, as I said on this floor  yesterday, that this is a very difficult time for small businesses, and  it is why I have worked so very consistently and diligently through  this process of negotiating our legislative solution to be sure that it  includes a small business definition that is going to include the self- employed and the sole proprietors and the independent contractors so  that they are not left in the lurch. We are continuing to do that. We  are hearing from people every day.   I heard from the manager of a YMCA that is outside of Nashville, and  they have 65 part-time employees who work in that facility. This  manager is concerned about how nonprofits and small businesses are  going to end up being treated in this legislation. He is certainly  wanting to keep those people on the payroll. And do you know what? I  agree with him. We want people to stay on the payroll. When we get past  this 15-day period--we are about halfway through it right now, 15 days  to slow the spread that the President and Vice President have put in  place--we want people to be going back to work.   I heard from another business owner. It is a family-owned business,  and they do maintenance services like plumbing and electrical work, and  they have employees who have been with them since 1993. They have never  had to lay off one single employee, and they are concerned about where  uncertainty is.   We have retail--fabulous, homegrown retail--entities in Middle  Tennessee, around Nashville. One of those employers has five stores.  They are headquartered in Franklin, TN, right outside of Nashville. He  is keeping people working even though they are barely bringing in  revenue, and he needs us to pass this bill, this rescue bill, so he can  keep those employees on the payroll. Then a company that has stood  itself up in the last several years--and they are a valuable asset in  working with the vulnerable population, moving people from poverty to  work--is wanting to keep people working.    We are hearing from all of these about the importance of having this  bill that will be a bipartisan bill to address the concerns of  businesses, large and small, and to address the concerns of workers who  are working for those businesses, large and small.   What we have had in the bipartisan bill--and hopefully this will move  forward--is $350 billion in loans for small businesses, and if people  stay working, those become grants; $500 billion in emergency relief  through low-interest loans that could go to businesses and hospitals;  $242 billion in emergency appropriations across Federal agencies.  Seventy-five percent of that money would go to State, local, and Tribal  governments, which are much better at managing their affairs than the  Federal Government. There is $250 billion in increased and expanded  unemployment benefits. I talked about this yesterday. If you normally  are going to get $300 in unemployment, with the $600 plus-up, you are  at $900 a week. These are all things to keep the economy going. There  is an additional $75 billion for hospitals and our healthcare workers.   So there is much that is in there. Imagine a bipartisan bill  including this--including tax rebates for Americans, $1,200 for  individuals, $2,400 for joint filers, $500 per dependent child. There  are student loan deferments for those who are affected by COVID-19. All  of that--all of that is in a bill. It is so incredibly disappointing to  know that we had a failed vote--not once but twice--to get cloture to  move forward to get on this bill.   With all of these good-faith negotiations, I have just been appalled,  as I said yesterday, with the comments to restructure this bill to meet  the progressive vision. You know, there is a season for everything.  There is a time and place for everything, and this is neither the time  nor the place to have a debate about things like collective bargaining  powers for unions and making our airlines meet emissions standards--the  Green New Deal emissions standards by 2025. For goodness' sake, let's  keep the airlines flying right now. Wind and solar tax credits have  nothing--nothing--to do with COVID-19. Come on, I say to my friends  across the aisle, let's set these aside for the appropriate season to  discuss this, but it is not now. Election assistance funding? That has  nothing to do with COVID-19. Corporate board diversity? It has nothing  to do with COVID-19. Same-day voter registration? The list goes on and  on. There is a time and a place, there is a season, and right now,  dealing with the crisis in front of us is what should be the center of  our attention.   I think that yesterday my fellow Republicans and I made it abundantly  clear. We do not have time. At this point in time, we do not have time  for political games and antics based around a progressive policy wish  list. It is disrespectful of the American people. It is hurtful to  those who are directly affected by COVID-19, which, indeed, is  everybody. It is important for us to move forward.   I didn't get everything I wanted. I would have preferred a payroll  tax holiday. I would have preferred rebating income taxes that have  been paid for businesses and for individuals. I would have even liked  to have seen more of my bipartisan SAM-C Act, Securing America's  Medicine Cabinet. But adults realize you are not going to get  everything you want, and reasonable people realize you are not going to  get everything you want.   This is a time where we should be respectful and we should be  reasonable and we should apply common sense. We know the American  people are expecting our best efforts, and they are looking forward to  a solution.   As I said yesterday, I had talked to someone who said: You know, I am  scared to death.   This is a small business owner who struggled. The Tax Cuts and Jobs  Act allowed them to move forward with growth. There are teenagers in  the house, and homeschool is starting today.   She said: I am screaming inside silently. I do not want the kids to  know that I am afraid.   So I encourage my colleagues to lay down your progressive policy wish  list. Lay it down. Set it aside. There is a season to everything. There  is a time,  [[Page S1981]]  there is a season, and I encourage you to realize that this is neither  the time nor the season. Let's address the critical issues in front of  us.   I yield the floor.   