 Madam President, I am glad to be on the floor right now  to hear the Democratic whip and the  [[Page S1985]]  Democratic leader talk about the principles of a bill that we want to  pass and wanted to pass 2 days ago.   The principles of helping workers first, the principles of helping  small business, the principles of looking after the healthcare system  in its entirety--these are the fundamentals of the bill that we have  worked on together, in a bipartisan way. Both the Democratic whip and  the Democratic leader said that this is and has been a bipartisan bill.   I just got off the telephone with my local radio station, and I had  to fight back the notion that the bill that was before us yesterday and  Sunday was a strictly Republican bill; it was not. The bill that has  the small business provisions that the Democratic leader just said was  worked on in a bipartisan way, which we all know was and is a great  idea. Jointly, we agree on that. So I am glad to see the  acknowledgement that, yes, we have been working together; yes, we have  had conversations across the line; and, yes, we have worked on issues  that we know are going to put workers and families across this Nation  first.   So I have spent a lot of time, as all of us have, talking to county  commissioners, our mayors, the Governor, health professionals, small  business owners, individuals, moms and dads, wondering, Is it safe to  have somebody help me with the kids? What kind of contact should I have  with my grandchildren? This is something I am in constant debate on  myself with my own grandchildren.   So I think what I get from everybody--more than anything--is not just  the urgency of now but the urgency of yesterday and the day before. So  I am glad to hear the leader say that we are close, on the 5-yard line  or the 2-yard line. But let's not get into too many football analogies.  We have all been to football games where we have been on the 2 and  people have fumbled the ball. We can't do that because it has been  fumbled long enough.   So, for the past few days, I have been very frustrated, as have many  of my colleagues. I know my fellow Senator from Iowa, who is here on  the floor with me, and, certainly, the Presiding Officer from Georgia  have had great angst and great frustrations that care has been delayed  when Americans need it the most--both economic and healthcare.   My West Virginians, they want to make sure that our hospitals, our  community health centers, and other providers--our nursing homes, our  extended-care facilities--have the resources that they need to provide  the best coverage. That has been in this bill.   I heard the urgency of PPE. We hear that all over the country,  certainly in our State, and, also, swabs and other testing equipment.  This is part of that bill but also our hospitals, which are hurting  because they don't have the elective surgeries; they don't have the  revenues to keep them going.   The $75 billion that we have in it--sounds like it may be more--fine,  good. Let's keep our hospitals going, particularly our rural hospitals  in rural areas where they don't have the availability of healthcare  like they have in other places.   But, I tell you, we want our hospitals to be open. What West  Virginians don't want is a delay in getting them the help they need  just to score political points.   The other things West Virginians want are the best medical care for  our veterans. We have four medical centers. We have a very patriotic  State that has some of the highest per-capita military and veterans in  the entire country. We want help for our veterans.   What we don't want is to use a crisis to advance a partisan or  ideological agenda, which we have seen. West Virginians want to make  sure that we have protective equipment for doctors, nurses, and first  responders on the frontline. I talked to some of my volunteer fire  departments. You don't think how deep this goes or how deep the need is  for personal protective equipment until you start thinking about all  the different ways people have contact. I tell you what--they don't  want a Green New Deal in this bill; they want blue masks.   West Virginians want research into new vaccines and treatments to  help fight the coronavirus and end this epidemic. When we think about  how we are going to get out of this, stopping the flow of the virus is  certainly No. 1. But we also have to get confidence back that, if this  comes back later, we have the vaccines or the therapeutics that are  going to help people be healthier and fight the spread of the virus.   What they don't want are regulations and bureaucracies that get in  the way of action. Our bill helped a lot with alleviating some of those  regulatory burdens that we see our healthcare providers fighting--at  least in times of an emergency, alleviating those regulatory burdens.   West Virginians want to allow more medical visits to be done by  telemedicine during this crisis to keep our patients and our providers  safe.   What they don't want is to read tomorrow morning a newspaper article  that says who are the political winners and losers in this because they  know, essentially, people are the ones who are losing by the stall  tactics that we have seen.   West Virginians want to help small businesses. We are probably 99  percent small business in our State--a small State. We want to stay  afloat and keep our employees on the payroll.   What we don't want is for others to not realize the urgency that  small business is feeling. As I said, not the urgency of now--the  urgency of yesterday.   We just had a shelter-in-place put in place in our State. Think of  all the impacts this has across our State and the State of Iowa and  others.   West Virginians want a financial boost to our families during this  uncertain time. This is in the bill. I heard the leader talk about it  like it was a new concept. It has been there. It has been in the bill.   They don't want us to leave our communities without the tools they  need to confront this crisis   West Virginians, we always really band together. We really do  everywhere, but I have a particular pride, I think, in my State around  neighbors helping neighbors.   West Virginians want us to assist workers who have been laid off as a  result of the emergency by extending unemployment benefits. Again, it  is in there. It has been in there.   They don't want for us to fail to show compassion for our fellow  citizens during an emergency.   West Virginians want to keep educating our students. We have a  particular issue here with our tele-education because we don't have the  broadband. That is a subject for a different day. I know part of that  is in this bill, but if anybody joins with me in this fight, which many  of us have, the urgency of yesterday is here on the delivery of  broadband services into rural America.   What we don't want is a Federal takeover of our election system that  requires same-day registration and places Washington bureaucrats in  charge of our local officials. West Virginia has a primary on May 12. I  am working with the Secretary of State and the Governor to make sure  that our State formulates how we can get as many people voting by mail  as possible within the parameters of the way we want to conduct our  elections. We don't need a one-size-fits-all here. We need to keep the  States in charge.   West Virginians want to stabilize our economy and do everything  possible to avoid a long-lasting economic recession.   What we don't want is to enact Speaker Pelosi's Christmas list that  includes new regulations on carbon emissions, wind, and solar tax  credits, corporate board diversity reports, and a cap-and-trade program  for our airlines.   We have a bill before us. We have had it before us for several days.  It is appropriately called the CARES Act because it takes care of a lot  of the priorities and issues that we have been talking about, that we  hear about in our tele-townhalls or in talking to our neighbors and  talking to our constituents, the urgency of not now--yesterday. We face  a great public health threat, and we face a severe threat to our  economy.   I am a total optimist about everything. My glass is always half full  and I know we are going to get through this and I know we are going to  survive it. I know we are going to be better for it because we are  going to learn lessons,  [[Page S1986]]  but it sure is tough when you are in it. Even a full-blown optimistic  person, I admit to myself and to you today, I have had some pretty low  points during this whole thing, where I have wondered, where are we  going?   The last thing we need is the political debate that we have had over  the last 2 days over programs and the parameters that were just laid  out by the Democratic leader that were in the bill, have been in the  bill.   So we must come together--bipartisan. All of us work together. I work  with the Senator from Delaware. We are on EPW together. He was born in  West Virginia, so he can't get too far away from me, and we work  together a lot across party lines. This is an example, and I think we  are seeing that now. I think that, with the leader's comments, we see  we are making great progress here.   So I am encouraged that the deal is almost closed and that today  might be the day that we will join together and that we will stop  delaying care. Because today is the day--yesterday could have been the  day, but today is the day--because I am an optimist, and I am always  looking forward--today is the day we come together and take bold action  for the American people. I know that is what Americans want, and I know  that is what my West Virginians want.   I yield the floor.   