 Mr. President, I rise today to talk of one of West  Virginia's very own--Police Officer Cassie Johnson.   Officer Johnson was a member of her hometown of Charleston's police  department, where she joined less than 2 short years ago.   She was a devoted daughter, sister, a loyal friend, and a lover of  animals.  [[Page S7204]]  She had three dogs. She was formerly a humane officer, as well, in our  community. And, boy, did she have a bright future ahead of her.   On Tuesday, the Charleston Police Department received a call about a  traffic complaint. Officer Johnson answered that call and responded  accordingly, just as she would have any other call.   Shortly after arriving at that location, she was shot in the chest.  The bullet hit her badge and deflected into her neck, where it  eventually struck a main artery.   She was rushed to the hospital, and every effort was made to save her  life. She was 28. She was 28 years old.   Sadly, we learned yesterday that the decision was made to remove her  from life support, and she will not be able to pull through.   We also learned that Officer Johnson is an organ donor, which means  she will be able to share the gift of life with others.   I had the opportunity to speak with Officer Johnson's mother Sheryl  just this morning, and she expressed to me her daughter's commitment to  organ donation. She said that her daughter felt very strongly about  giving this gift to others in the event that something like this could  happen. She was very clear about her wishes, and I think that is a  testament to the kind of person Officer Johnson was.   As former Charleston Police Department Lieutenant Paul Perdue said,  ``The end of her life will be the second beginning for others and  that's just who she was.''   As you can imagine, our community is hurting, and all of our law  enforcement across the country is hurting today for our community and  Officer Johnson's family.   But the outpour of support has just been incredible to witness.  Throughout this week, West Virginians have been honoring Officer  Johnson's life in so many ways, such as in Charleston, where our  beautiful coliseum and civic center has been lit in blue in honor of  her and our law enforcement.   There has been a great money-raising effort to help Officer Johnson's  family meet what is going to be a financial challenge. And what do we  do with her pets? There has been an effort to have her pets adopted. I  just read before I came in here that the GoFundMe page for Officer  Johnson had already exceeded its goal, and, hopefully, it will continue  to grow.   Last night a candle vigil was held outdoors to honor her life and  legacy, where the community leaders spoke and Officer Johnson's mother  Sheryl spoke. It is a tough duty, a tough assignment for any mom.   During the vigil, her mother spoke about Officer Johnson's love for  her community, about her desire to protect everyone she was surrounded  by.   You know, when I talked to her mother this morning, she echoed those  same sentiments in the phone conversation that we had, and she said  that hundreds of West Virginians had reached out to her personally.  Many had stopped by the hospital, wanting to say goodbye to Officer  Johnson. These gestures have just been so touching, and I could tell it  really helped her family and, in particular, her mother Sheryl.   Charleston Police Chief Tyke Hunt told Officer Johnson's mother that  she raised her right, and that Officer Johnson was ``a good-hearted  soul who had to pay the ultimate sacrifice.''   Chief Hunt is right. It is a bitter pill.   In a local interview following her swearing-in, Officer Johnson said:  ``I am really happy to finally getting to follow my dreams in working  with Charleston PD.''   She continued by saying: ``I've grown up and lived in Charleston my  whole life. I just wanted to help make my city a better place--and be  there and to be able to help the citizens of this city.''   This job was a dream come true for Officer Johnson. She loved her  community, and our community loved her back. Like all of our law  enforcement, Officer Johnson cared for us and was fiercely dedicated to  protecting her community--and that is my community. When I think of  Officer Johnson, I think of her protecting my family and my neighbors,  my community, the larger community of Charleston.   Police officers like Officer Johnson selflessly put their lives on  the line every day for the safety of our communities. They never know  what is around the corner. They never know. She thought she was going  for a parking violation. It is a hard job and one that is rarely  appreciated enough.   I ask--if you have heard this today or if you have read about this-- that we all take a minute today and every day to thank our law  enforcement and recognize the sacrifices that they make to ensure that  our communities are safe and protected.   I would also ask you to keep the Johnson family in your hearts and  prayers--our chief, Chief Hunt of the Charleston Police Department, and  all of her brothers and sisters in the police department and the first  responders.   Our mayor, Mayor Amy Goodwin, has done a wonderful job of bringing  the community together and showing a wonderful show of support for  Officer Cassie Johnson and her family, and I thank her.   The entire city of Charleston is hurting, so please keep them in your  hearts and prayers as well.   With that very difficult time, I yield the floor.   