 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairwoman from California for  yielding and for all of her hard work on this bill.   I rise in strong support of H.R. 4031, the Great Lakes Restoration  Initiative--or the GLRI, as we all call it--Act of 2019, which will  reauthorize the GLRI for 5 years and increase authorized funding for  the program to $475 million, annually, by fiscal year 2026.   Through the GLRI program, we have been able to clean up and delist  environmental areas of concern. We have been able to restore coastal  wetlands, as many of my colleagues have talked about, mitigate harmful  algae blooms, combat invasive species, and do much more to help  protect, restore, and maintain the Great Lakes ecosystems and  strengthen our regional economy. And, as people have seen on the floor  today, this issue has shared strong bipartisan support at all times.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for helping to educate the  President on the importance of the GLRI.   The Great Lakes are not only a treasured natural resource, but a way  of life that supports communities and jobs throughout the region. They  are 21 percent of the world's freshwater supply.   Building on what my colleague from Wisconsin (Ms. Moore) was talking  about, my colleague, Ms. Tlaib, and I were able to kayak on the Rouge  River on the 50th anniversary of its having caught on fire. We were  surrounded by industry, but we also saw bald eagles and herons, and she  got the most beautiful picture of a painted turtle.   Mr. Speaker, as co-chair of the Great Lakes Task Force, I am proud to  be an original cosponsor, and I thank my colleagues, Representatives    David Joyce and Marcy Kaptur, for their great leadership on this issue.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this important  bill to ensure our Great Lakes are protected for all future  generations.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Madam Chair for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3976, the bill  sponsored by my colleague, Mrs. Lawrence, and by the members of the  Michigan delegation.   This bill honors the ``Queen of Soul,'' Aretha Franklin, and her  innumerable contributions to music. Her faith in Detroit and its people  is what I remember as much as her voice. This legislation serves as a  fitting tribute to her esteemed legacy.   Aretha Franklin grew up singing at the New Bethel Baptist Church with  her father, Reverend C.L. Franklin. Aretha's father was a good and dear  friend to John Dingell, helping him early in his career. The two of  them fought side by side in the fifties and the sixties for civil  rights legislation.   Aretha's career includes more than 20 Grammy Awards, the first woman  inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame and receiving the  Presidential Medal of Freedom.   However, it is Aretha's message through music of respect, love, and  faith that will stay with us for generations.   Today, I stand with my Michigan colleagues and urge every Member to  honor Aretha Franklin's legacy. Her contributions to our country are  deserving of this recognition, and maybe we need to have her up there,  up there with John, ``say a little prayer'' for us.   