 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the goal of H.R. 5139 to prevent  incidents of sexual assault and harassment in transportation.   Passengers should feel safe while traveling, and transportation  workers should feel safe in their workplace. No one condones sexual  misconduct in the transportation sector, or anywhere, for that matter.   That is why the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee and  Congress took such a strong bipartisan stance against this type of  behavior in air transportation in the FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018.   I appreciate Chair DeFazio working with the minority to address  technical concerns with the bill to avoid unintended implementation  issues.   I urge support of this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I don't think there is any doubt that all Members  support the intent of H.R. 5139. Like all of you, I want to help ensure  that sexual misconduct in transportation is eliminated.  [[Page H5188]]    Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this legislation, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 2638, the Friendly  Airports for Mothers Improvement Act.   Traveling with infants is often stressful on new mothers and new  fathers. I think back to when I was a young mom traveling with my sons,  Chris and Sam, and now traveling with their wives, who just blessed us  with our sixth grandchild, and to all moms and dads across the country  who face the distinct challenges of traveling with their babies, let  alone babies plus a sibling who could be a toddler, which is often the  case.   This bill helps to lessen anxiety when traveling and allows mothers  to have a quiet private space to care for their young ones. I  introduced similar legislation, H.R. 3362, earlier this year to help  accomplish this goal, and I am pleased to see this issue brought to a  vote today.   As air travel continues to be one of the most preferred and popular  means of transportation, we need to make sure that airport  infrastructure is properly updated to fit the needs of American mothers  and fathers and American families.   S. 2638 would require small hub airports to construct mothers' rooms,  which are areas where mothers can nurse their children in privacy,  rather than a restroom. Think how disgusting that would be. Moms know  that there is nothing comforting or nurturing about nursing a baby in  an unsanitary condition of an airport bathroom.   The FAA Reauthorization Act of 2018 required all large and medium hub  airports to construct mothers' rooms by 2021. This bill would help fill  the remaining gap and similarly require small hub airports to install  mothers' rooms, extending the coverage to 97 percent of all travelers.   With the pandemic, travel has become even more difficult, so the  timing of this bill couldn't be more appropriate because it emphasizes  the need for Congress to come together to pass bipartisan support in  the COVID crisis, without which our airports may continue to be empty.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support S. 2638, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Louisiana (Mr. Graves), the ranking member of the Aviation  Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, as stated, the aim of this bill, ensuring that mothers  and families with young children have proper facilities while  traveling, is a need that is long overdue, and it is high time that we  fix it.   I have a personal story. In the 1980s, I was traveling with my  husband and my two sons. One was in diapers, and one was a toddler. I  handed the one in diapers to my husband when I realized that the baby  needed to be changed. He took the baby and the paraphernalia with him  to the men's restroom to take care of the baby.   When he comes back, he hands me a child who is crying, looks at his  mommy, and reaches out. My husband goes: I did the best I could with  what I had.   Well, he went into a bathroom that had sinks lined up on the wall, so  he had to place the baby on top of two sinks to take care of business.  I will leave the rest up to you, but we did do the best we could.   Thank the Lord, we are now going to be in modern times and take care  of families the way they should be, having the appropriate things in  both bathrooms.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support this bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   S. 4075, the RLF Act, would release the Federal interest in the  Economic Development Administration's revolving loan funds after 7  years if requested by the recipient.   I thank Congressman Katko, the ranking member of the Subcommittee on  Economic Development, Public Buildings, and Emergency Management, for  his leadership and work on this issue.   This fix to reduce the administrative burden of RLF funds was  requested by the administration, as well as by State and local economic  development officials.   Even after the funds have turned over in these RLFs, local officials  continue to be saddled with unnecessary paperwork. Releasing the  Federal interest when the government's role is over will also release  officials of the extra paperwork.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this legislation, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, S. 4075 will cut red tape and reduce paperwork for the  communities that receive EDA grants for revolving loan funds.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this important legislation, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   