 To the former chairman, I will say thank  you. Thank you for bringing us together tonight. It is a real honor for  me to join in recognizing the life and the service of   Greg Walden  here in the House of Representatives.   Mr. Speaker, I have the pleasure of considering him a friend and a  colleague. He is also my neighbor to the south in Oregon. Both of us  have deep roots in the Pacific Northwest, although he will be quick to  remind me that his family came out a few years ahead of mine. I think  it was 1845. We didn't get there until 1853, I think. Anyway, he is  always excelling.   I was thinking he probably has the most frequent flier points today,  now, because there is no one who has worked harder and traveled back  and forth across this country in representing the people of Oregon all  these years.   I want to join in just celebrating a tremendous leader. He was  chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee. He led that  committee in a way that just reflects what a great history this  committee has. It is always focused on results and always focused on  solving the problems of bringing people together to get big things  done.   I just appreciate the vision and the foundation that you have led  during your time on the House Energy and Commerce Committee.   There is a long list of successes and accomplishments here: leading  on combating the opioid crisis--a huge package of bills--and building a  21st century economy.   This committee is at the heart of America's competitiveness and our  future, such as expanding rural broadband.   I appreciate all your leadership there. Our districts are very  similar,  [[Page H6898]]  eastern Washington and eastern Oregon. You worked to make sure that no  one is left behind.   Recognizing and reauthorizing the Children's Health Insurance  Program, lowering prescription drugs and the prices of prescription  drugs, and unleashing innovation in energy and healthcare is a part of  a long list, and because of your leadership at the Energy and Commerce  Committee, people's lives have been improved. People have been lifted  out of poverty, and we have raised the standard of living even more.   I appreciate the way that he leads, Mr. Speaker, and the joy that he  brings to every assignment. This is somebody who has held a lot of  different titles while serving in the House of Representatives. I have  been around him many times through the years. He is a strong advocate.    I remember, early on, being down at the White House, when I was first  elected, with George W. Bush, and Greg Walden was there. But he didn't  miss an opportunity to put in a good word about the need for better  forest management and combating the catastrophic wildfires. He was  always, always on, and always advocating for the people of eastern  Oregon.   This is one that we are going to miss. He is just the ultimate  legislator. He is the one who has come, worked hard, made a difference  for the people of eastern Oregon, and leaves a high standard for the  rest of us in his commitment, his hard work, and his record of results.   So no matter where life takes you next, I know it is going to be  something good. I wish you, Mylene, and Anthony all the best in this  next chapter. It is well earned and well deserved.   God bless you, and the best is yet to come.   