 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of S. 1811,  the Water Resources Development Act of 2020. Today's vote is on the  bipartisan, bicameral WRDA agreement by House and Senate Committee  leaders. I want to particularly thank Chairman DeFazio, Ranking Member  Graves, Subcommittee Ranking Member Westerman and the Members of the  Transportation and Infrastructure Committee for their important work  over the past 2 years on this bill.   The Water Resources Development Act is our legislative commitment to  investing in  [[Page H6984]]  Corps projects that help to protect our communities from flooding  events, restore our environment and ecosystems, and keep our nation's  competitiveness by investing in our ports and harbors.   The projects considered in this legislation are truly from Sea to  Shining Sea--from the Unalaska (Dutch Harbor) Project in Alaska, to the  Yuba River Ecosystem Restoration in California, the Matagorda Ship  Channel project in Texas, to the New York and New Jersey Anchorages.   Through biennial enactment of WRDA legislation, the Congress has  addressed local, regional, and national needs through authorization of  new Corps projects, studies, and policies that benefit every corner of  the nation. WRDA 2020 is no exception.   I would particularly like to recognize Chairman DeFazio for his  continued efforts to unlock the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund and his  partnership in ensuring that all ports receive the tools they need in  the future.   My region is home to the largest ports in the nation, the Port of Los  Angeles and the Port of Long Beach. These ports handle over 40 percent  of the exports and imports into the United States. Los Angeles and Long  Beach have invested billions of dollars of their own money to upgrade  their infrastructure for the benefit of the entire nation. But the  success of the Ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach are only as strong  as their partnership with the federal government.   As part of this legislation, donor ports like the Ports of Los  Angeles and Long Beach will benefit from a greater share of the Harbor  Maintenance Trust Fund. Expanded in-water uses that are crucial to the  navigation of the federal channel are now eligible. Seismic impacts  will also be considered as part of the benefit-cost ratio for  navigation projects.   I am also proud of the provisions in WRDA that look to study water  supply as a primary purpose of the Corps. We in the West are in a  continuous fight against drought, and we have remarkable Corps  reservoirs that were built for flood control but can be used more  effectively for local water supply. The Corps is adapting to these  local needs in the West, and this bill will give the Corps more ability  and focus on addressing long-term water reliability of arid  communities.   The bill also includes important assistance to socio-economically  disadvantaged urban and rural areas by requiring the Corps to work more  directly with local leaders and residents on Corps projects and provide  positive impacts to these communities. This will build long-term  resiliency for economic development, environmental and health  improvements, and clean and safe water resource projects.   Lastly, this bill includes language necessary for my district and  wildfire prone regions of the country to improve efforts by the Corps  to remove unauthorized, human-made flammable equipment and materials  from Corps property. This year there was an illegal fire on Corps  property in my district that led to a major wildfire evacuating  hundreds of residents and coming close to damaging property and harming  our community. The language in this bill, in addition to efforts to  increase Corps funding, will go a long way to helping the Corps remove  these fire hazards.   I would like to thank the many people who have helped this bill  become a reality: Subcommittee Vice Chair Debbie Mucarsel-Powell, for  her leadership on WRDA and especially all things Florida.   Thank you to the leadership at the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, ASA  James, General Spellmon, Retired General Semonite, Al Lee and the  Senior Executive Service team, and Corps Counsel. I would especially  like to thank Corps Futures Team--David Wethington, Laura Powell, and  Andrea Busch, for their time and partnership in answering our questions  to the nearly 1,100 submissions we received for WRDA 2020.   I am very fortunate to have some of the best water and port leaders  in the country in my district and Southern California who provided  valuable input for this bill, including Col. Julie Balten, Col. Aaron  Barta and David Van Dorpe of the Los Angeles District, Los Angeles  County Supervisor Hilda Solis, Los Angeles County Public Works Director  Mark Pestrella, Los Angeles City Mayor Eric Garcetti, Los Angeles Port  Director Gene Seroka, Long Beach Port Director Mario Cordero,  Metropolitan Water District Board Chair Gloria Grey, and San Gabriel  Basin Watermaster Tony Zampiello.   Madam Speaker, I would particularly like to thank the Subcommittee  Ranking Member Bruce Westerman for his friendship and collegiality  through the hearings, meetings and roundtables which led to this  bipartisan accomplishment. And most importantly, I would like to thank  the incredible water subcommittee staff, including Alexa Williams,  Camille Touton, Navis Bermudez, Ryan Seiger, Victor Sarmiento, Jon  Pawlow, and Ian Bennitt.   I urge my colleagues to support WRDA 2020.   