 Madam Speaker, first, I want to say that I am praying for  comfort for all of the families that have lost someone to COVID-19. I  also want to pray for the families and those people that are in the  hospitals now sick from COVID-19, that they have total and complete  healing.   And I want to thank the healthcare workers, the grocery store  workers, the truckers, everybody that every day is putting their health  at risk and their family's health at risk to keep the economy going and  to help Americans.   And it is really good to be back here today in Congress working and  continuing to do our job during this crisis.   You know, two weeks ago, in the Senate--it was two weeks ago now--the  Senate Republicans put up a bill to help continue funding for small  businesses so they could pay their workers. Two weeks--two weeks--we  have been waiting around while Democrats have been delaying it. And  why? I don't understand why.   I have had businesses, just like all of my fellow Members of  Congress, that have called me and said: I need the money; I need the  money from this program, or my business is going to go under.   Two weeks ago this could have happened. But, no, in those two weeks,  millions and millions more people filed for unemployment insurance. And  why? We could have done this funding for small businesses so they could  pay their workers two weeks ago. I am thankful that we are finally-- finally--getting it done.   Now, the rule talks about Speaker Pelosi's oversight committee. Maybe  that is the reason that Democrats delayed funding for small businesses  and their workers for two weeks.   Why do we need another oversight committee? Speaker Pelosi said, oh,  it is going to be all bipartisan. I am sorry; I don't believe it. And  the reason I don't believe it is because since the beginning of 2019, I  have served on three committees, including Judiciary Committee, and in  every single committee, the entire goal has been nonstop to criticize  President Trump and try to influence the 2020 election.   And now you are going to tell me that you are going to have another  oversight committee, even though every standing committee has oversight  on this, and we have inspector generals and the CARES Act has  oversight. Now we need a ninth committee to do oversight, and it is  supposedly going to be bipartisan? I am sorry. I call BS.   And the reason I know this is because of past history. While  Democrats were focusing on impeachment, the President was working on  coronavirus.   