 Madam Speaker, this legislation has been  a huge priority for the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Barr). He has done  a lot of work on it. He proudly represents horse country in Kentucky.   Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman  from Kentucky (Mr. Barr).    Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance  of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   I rise today in support of H.R. 8134, the Consumer Product Safety  Inspection Enhancement Act.   This bill will give the Consumer Product Safety Commission important  tools to crack down on unsafe and counterfeit products at our Nation's  ports.   As dangerous items and products that infringe on our companies'  intellectual property flow into the country from China and other  countries, it is essential that we empower the CPSC to find these  products before they enter the country.   Madam Speaker, I applaud Mr. Duncan and Chair Schakowsky for their  leadership, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he  may consume to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. Walden), the former  chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee. I appreciate his  leadership.    Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance  of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 8128, the Consumer  Safety Technology Act. It combines the AI for Consumer Product Safety  Act, led by Dr. Burgess and Mr. McNerney, and the Blockchain Innovation  Act, led by Mr. Guthrie, Mr. Soto, and Ms. Matsui.   Both of these bills help consumer protection agencies utilize  emerging technologies, such as AI and blockchain, to better fulfill  their missions. Bringing the Federal Government into the 21st century  by modernizing its technology has been a long-term goal of mine. I  appreciate the leadership of these bills' sponsors in doing just that  for the Consumer Product Safety Commission and the Federal Trade  Commission.   Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr.  Guthrie), who has been a leader on blockchain policies.    Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance  of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 8132, the American  Competitiveness Of a More Productive Emerging Tech Economy Act, or  American COMPETE Act. This package is the result of months of hard work  by the members of the Energy and Commerce Committee's Consumer  Protection and Commerce Subcommittee.   In May, we unveiled a package of 15 Republican bills for America to  win the future in emerging technologies. In 4 months, we built  bipartisan support with the majority on nine priorities drawn from  those bills, and those proposals are incorporated within H.R. 8132.   Since the beginning of this Congress, Republicans on our subcommittee  have focused on America's competitive edge and beating China in  emerging technologies, such as AI, quantum computing, blockchain, IoT,  and autonomous vehicles, among others.   I appreciate the willingness of Chairman Pallone and Chairwoman  Schakowsky for working with us on this package and ensuring  policymakers have the information and tools necessary to craft future  legislation that will unleash American innovation and drive economic  success.   Madam Speaker, I would especially like to thank Mr. Rush, Ms. Kelly,  and Mr. Soto for introducing the American COMPETE Act to make it  bipartisan. A big thank you also to Tim Kurth and BJ Koohmaraie from  the Energy and Commerce Committee minority staff, and Michael Taggart  from my personal office, as well as Alex Hoehn-Saric, and Lisa Goldman  from the majority staff for all their hard work in preparing these  bills for passage. It is important to note that this passed our  committee with unanimous support.   Finally, I would like to thank our Republican leader,   Greg Walden,  for his leadership on these issues and his years of leadership on the  Energy and Commerce Committee. He has led for years in shaping American  policy on tech and telecommunications that have helped us lead the  world. He will be sorely missed next year.   From the telegraph to the internet, the locomotive to the automobile,  the  [[Page H4995]]  light bulb to nuclear energy, the United States has led the world in  innovations that have raised the standard of living and improved the  lives of billions of people.   Today, the stakes for our global leadership could not be higher. To  lead a new era of innovation, the American COMPETE Act is an important  first step that incentivizes free-market ingenuity by reducing barriers  for the deployment of tech-like artificial intelligence, quantum  computing, and blockchain. Because who would you rather lead in these  emerging technologies, America or China?   One of the proposals incorporated is drawn from the Generating  Artificial Intelligence Networking Security Act, or GAINS Act, which I  introduced. It would direct the Department of Commerce to look at  adoption barriers and spur deployment of AI here in America.   It also includes an assessment of vulnerabilities in AI supply chain  and recommendations to address identified risks, especially from China.  Remember, the Chinese Communist Party is using this technology today to  suppress minorities, track its own citizens, expand its surveillance  state, and empower other authoritarian regimes.   Unlike the CCP that uses this technology for evil, we can use this  technology as a force for good and save people's lives by upholding our  American values for human dignity, human rights, and freedom.   We can win the future in artificial intelligence. AI technology and  deep-learning algorithms can detect brain cancers earlier. Clinical  trials are already underway, making breakthroughs to diagnose cancers.  Of course, it has been a critical asset that it has helped our top  researchers and scientists speed up the development of coronavirus  treatments.   All of that and more is possible if America unleashes the power of  our innovators to lead.   For an American competitive agenda, this package also includes  proposals authored by my colleagues. These include provisions from Dr.  Burgess to ensure that we lead in 3D printing development, Dr. Bucshon  to lead on the Advancing New and Advanced Materials Act, Mr. Hudson to  boost deployment in connected manufacturing, and Mr. Griffith to ensure  that we lead in quantum.   Madam Speaker, I would like to thank, again, all the Members and  staff who worked so hard to put this package together. I look forward  to continuing to work with my colleagues on E&C on both sides of the  aisle to make sure America wins the future and encourages the world to  follow our leadership, too. These are not Republican or Democrat  solutions; they are American.   Madam Speaker, I urge support for the American COMPETE Act, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he  may consume to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. Walden), our leader of  the Energy and Commerce Committee, the former chairman. Madam Speaker,  I thank him for his leadership.   As the subcommittee chairman, Jan Schakowsky, was just speaking, I  was reminded and appreciated her words, and Mr. Walden has always led  with integrity and forward thinking for our country.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Guthrie), who is a leader on blockchain in  Congress and led on the Advancing Blockchain Act and the Counterfeiting  Online Harms Act.    Madam Speaker, I say a final word of  appreciation to the chairman of the committee, Frank Pallone, and the  subcommittee chairwoman, Jan Schakowsky, for working together to bring  us to this place where we could pass this package of bills with  bipartisan support today to make sure that America continues to win the  future.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  bringing us all together to honor and celebrate a senior member of the  House Energy and Commerce Committee, my friend and colleague who has  led in so many different ways.   I am privileged to have had the opportunity to serve with the  Congressman from Illinois now for 10 years on the House Energy and  Commerce Committee. When I think about John, I think about someone who  is a true legislator. He is the one who digs in and does the tough job  of legislating, knowing the issues, being prepared, and figuring out  how to actually solve big problems.   So you think about the fact that he led in modernizing the Toxic  Substance Control Act. He has led on lowering fuel costs for  hardworking families all across this country. It was   John Shimkus who  led in bringing the 911 emergency system into the 21st century.   Time and time again, it has been Congressman   John Shimkus who is  leading to get big things done in order to improve people's lives and  secure our future as Americans.   I want to say, more than anything, we are going to miss you. We are  going to miss your leadership. We are going to miss your example as a  true legislator.   For the people of Illinois, for my colleagues on the House Energy and  Commerce Committee, and for the people's House, know that you have made  a difference. I want to say thanks for your leadership.   I want to wish you all the best, and I just want to say thanks to  everyone for pulling us together tonight.   