 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.  [[Page S1649]]     Madam President, later today the Senate will be taking  up the borrower defense CRA vote and likely voting on it tomorrow. Each  and every Senator will have a choice. They can side with working  students, or they can side with predatory, for-profit colleges. It  should not be a hard choice, and that choice certainly should not be  partisan.   Students who were cheated and defrauded by predatory, for-profit  colleges are often left with crushing debt and no path forward. That is  why President Obama issued the borrower defense rule--to help students  move forward with their lives and education and to get the debt relief  they so urgently need.   Since taking office, Secretary DeVos has put up roadblock after  roadblock for students and borrowers. First, she refused to implement  the borrower defense rule that was on the books, until a court forced  her to. She stalled on debt relief for hundreds of thousands of  borrowers who were left waiting for an answer, with tens of thousands  of them falling into default and collections. Once again, the Federal  courts were forced to step in.   Now Secretary DeVos is trying to deny full relief to students who  were clearly cheated by predatory colleges. For so many people, getting  relief on your student debt means the difference between making ends  meet or not, the difference between paying your rent or not, and the  difference between getting back on your feet or not.   Now, to make matters even worse, Secretary DeVos has gone further  than just delaying and limiting the relief. She has issued a disastrous  new borrower defense rule intentionally designed to make it harder for  defrauded borrowers--defrauded borrowers--to get relief even when  predatory colleges clearly violated the law. It will prevent students  from getting their day in court and let predatory colleges off the hook  financially. This rule says, in the fine print, that students will be  stuck repaying 97 percent of their fraudulent debt. The Department even  admitted that students will be cheated out of $2.5 billion per year,  and students will only get 3 cents back for every dollar of fraud they  experience. That is cruel and wrong.   The Congressional Review Act, or CRA, would immediately halt  Secretary DeVos's rule in its tracks and prevent it from going into  effect.   It is time to put an end to the nonstop efforts by this  administration to prioritize the interests of predatory, for-profit  schools over the interests of our students. It is time for Senators to  decide, once and for all, if they will support our student loan  borrowers who have been cheated out of a quality education or help  corrupt institutions with their bottom line.   I want to personally thank Senator Durbin for his tireless efforts to  push this important issue forward.   I yield the floor.   