 Madam President, I would like to thank my colleagues  from Florida and from Tennessee for their great service to our Armed  Forces and our Armed Services and great support. I enjoyed hearing  Senator Blackburn from Tennessee talk about her Tennesseans.   I stand before you with my colleagues today to talk about the NDAA  and how important it is to pass the National Defense Authorization Act.   My State of West Virginia has some of the highest rates of veteran  population. About 10 percent of our population are veterans, and  nationally that average is only 7, so I think that service in the  military and taking care of our military has always been a source of  very much importance to me as their representative here in the  Congress.   I think we can all agree that our Armed Forces would not be what they  are without the great service of our patriotic men and women in our  All-Volunteer Force. That is why it is important that we continue to  support them and the work that they do to protect our freedoms every  single day.   This important legislation does just that by authorizing vital  resources for our Nation's troops, our wounded warriors, and their  families.   The Defense bill also includes programs which will directly impact  the West Virginia National Guard. I have had the chance to regularly  meet with servicemembers in my State and abroad, and I have enjoyed  personally being able to thank them.   Most recently, I traveled to Afghanistan, where I met a unit from  West Virginia. During my visit with our West Virginia servicemembers  and others, they shared with me their great pride, not just for our  State and our country, and why they are proud to defend our freedoms.   I have also had the chance to hear many of the challenges that they  face on a day-to-day basis. The feedback has been so helpful to  Congress as we better support our military.   These brave men and women deserve our unified support, and I think  they will get it, and should not be subject to the gridlock that has  become so common in this body and certainly in Washington, DC. That is  why Congress has come together for the 60th year to pass a bipartisan  bill.   The NDAA authorizes $740.5 billion in funding for the Department of  Defense and national security programs to ensure that our military  families are modernized and well equipped to handle the constant,  evolving national security threats.   The NDAA also designates the necessary funds to provide our Active- Duty servicemembers, veterans, and their families with the resources  they have earned with their dedication and support.   Another way that the NDAA looks out for our troops and their families  is that it authorizes a 3-percent raise for our soldiers. This comes  less than a year after a 3.1-percent raise for our servicemembers,  which was the largest in a decade. Given the fact that our military is  an All-Volunteer Force, it is important that we make it known that  sacrifices do not go unnoticed. That is just one small way we can do  that.   The NDAA makes sure our military is trained and equipped to protect  this country. We accomplish this in the bill by continuing to carry out  the plans highlighted in the national defense strategic plan, which  stresses that the United States strives for superiority on land, on the  seas, in the air, and in cyberspace.   The NDAA advances the DOD's cybersecurity strategies and cyber combat  capabilities and enhances U.S. security efforts by countering  competition from near-peer adversaries like Russia and China and  defeating threats from rogue regimes like Iran and North Korea.   I have had multiple conversations with the West Virginia National  Guard on their desire to play a larger role in cyber defense. The NDAA  establishes a National Guard cyber pilot which will allow National  Guard men and woman to do just that   I know many members of our West Virginia National Guard who would  jump at the opportunity to defend against cyber attacks will be excited  to learn about the pilot program.   With technological advances, we are becoming increasingly reliant on  critical minerals, particularly rare earth elements, which are  predominantly produced in China. If you look at a chart of where they  are produced, it is eye-popping.   I am pleased that the base text of the NDAA included a priority of  mine, which is to require DOD to submit a report to Congress concerning  the security of the domestic supply chain of rare earth elements.   West Virginia University has figured out how to extract these  elements from acid mine drainage, which would hopefully reduce our need  to purchase these from China.   WVU is also a leader in looking into ways to advance our country's  rare element capabilities, which is why it is critical for the DOD to  begin to assess the security and best storage practices for these  elements so that they can began to ramp up the domestic supply chain.   Additionally, I am hoping that the two additional amendments that I  put forward can be added to this bill because they will directly impact  my State.   The first is the one that would require the DOD to submit a report to  Congress on the stockpiling of PFOS--the chemical PFOS--to build upon  the progress we made last year in regard to this chemical.   The second amendment I worked on with my colleague Senator Moran was  to ensure that mothers-to-be who are  [[Page S3986]]  members of the National Guard are compensated and receive retirement  credits for the missing drill weekends that they have missed because of  maternity leave.   With West Virginia's strong history of military service, caring for  America's service men and women could not be more important.   During the COVID-19 pandemic, the members of the West Virginia  National Guard and every other National Guard across this country have  stepped up and gone above and beyond the duty.   The NDAA will make sure that those who have responded to this  pandemic receive the health benefits they deserve.   While I believe we must put our Nation on a sound fiscal path to end  our dependence on deficit spending, it is equally important to maintain  our military readiness and provide necessary resources to those who  serve our Nation.   I want to thank my colleagues and Chairman Inhofe for their excellent  work on the NDAA. This is an important bill--a must-pass bill--and I  look forward to working with my colleagues on doing just that.   I yield the floor.   