 Madam President, I don't think anyone would disagree  if I said that 2020 has truly been a difficult year. No one could ever  have expected what we have faced this year, and it has been a tough one  for Tennesseans. We hear about it regularly. We know it is a tough one  for constituents and for our citizens all across the country.   The months of lockdowns will constitute a defining moment for  multiple generations of Americans. My kids and I were talking about how  we think that, in years to come, our grandkids are going to talk about  what they did during the COVID summer and how they went to school  during the COVID pandemic.  [[Page S5691]]    Unfortunately, Congressional Democrats have decided not to let the  opportunity that moment presents go to waste. Democrats are taking  advantage of the American people's uncertainty and pain in an attempt  to force them to lose faith in their government, in their fellow  countrymen, and in themselves. We are hearing from people that this  causes them concern because they want to see us work together; they  want to see us address these issues that are causing heartache  together.   I have to tell you, I think it was so unfortunate that last week,  some of our friends across the aisle blocked yet another targeted  relief package that would have brought billions of dollars in support  to the American people. I think we have to realize that this was not a  vote on final passage; this was a vote to end cloture and begin the  debate on that package.   Basically, what our friends across the aisle said to the American  people last week is this: We don't want to talk about this. We don't  want to discuss it. We don't want to debate it.   That is unfortunate. If you look at the bill that the Senate  Republicans proposed and brought forward on a cloture vote last week,  it is hard to tease out exactly what the problem was with it. It  included another round of paycheck protection plan funding. I will tell  you, in Tennessee, a lot of our entertainment venues and a lot of our  restaurants need this. They need that consideration to stay afloat.   There was funding for vaccine development. Is there anybody who does  not think we need a vaccine for coronavirus? I haven't met people who  think we don't need to be working on that. Everybody is saying: Let's  get this to market as safely and quickly as is possible.   There was support for healthcare workers.   There was support for students and teachers who are still trying to  adapt to online learning.   I was just doing a virtual townhall with one of our counties in  Tennessee. One of their issues is, when will there be additional  funding to help us with technology, because 30 percent of our students  elected an e-learning format.   Do you know what? There was even money for the post office. Back in  August, our friends across the aisle thought that was a crisis, but I  guess it was their drama of the day because they voted against all of  this funding.   They voted for weakening the economy, I guess, and they voted against  the prospects of American workers. But what they were doing was  strengthening the false premise that they are the only ones capable of  sparking an economic recovery. This, of course, is demonstrably false.   This week, the Census Bureau released its annual report. I will tell  you that the numbers prove that the Trump administration's pro-growth  policies are working. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that we passed in 2017  is working. It has spurred economic growth. It has spurred an economy  like I have never seen in my lifetime.   In 2019, incomes grew at the highest pace ever recorded. Last year,  the official poverty rate fell to an all-time record low of 10.5  percent. Think about that--10.5 percent. A decade ago, there were more  people than ever on assistance. Between 2018 and 2019 alone, more than  4 million Americans rose out of poverty. Think about those numbers.  That is a good thing. It was the largest reduction in poverty in over  50 years. The Black poverty rate fell below 20 percent for the first  time in history, and child poverty also fell to a near 50-year low.   Our record on this is very clear: The Trump administration policies  worked. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act worked. That is what the American  people are wanting to get back to.   I encourage all of my colleagues in this Chamber to read that report  and look at these stats, and everyone should remind themselves of the  progress we have made as a nation on growing this economy over the last  4 years.   Politically, everybody talks about how this is a divided nation, but  we have to come together and work under an umbrella of policies that  will make life better for all Americans. For the life of me, I cannot  fathom why my colleagues on the other side of the aisle would throw  that opportunity away.   Our citizens want us to work on a relief package that is going to  help them get back to work, help our children get back to school, and  allow our communities, our schools, our governments, and our businesses  to safely operate with liability protections.   I yield the floor.   