 Mr. President, I want to thank my colleague from  Oklahoma, Senator Lankford, for his dedication to this issue and his  very substantive output.  [[Page S3180]]    I was privileged to serve on the minigroup that put a lot of work  into this under Senator Scott's very able leadership. I am thankful for  the way Senator Lankford always approaches issues, not disparaging  motives but always looking at ways to improve and make this world a  better place because that is what this is about.   I have been listening to a lot of the arguments, a lot of the  discussion, and I am saying to myself: If somebody watching this from  afar--from Oklahoma or from West Virginia or from Vermont--I am  thinking to myself, what is all this talk about 60 votes and cloture  and all this? They are not focused on that. All they know is that we  failed--this failed.   This was an opportunity that we should have grasped. We had a chance  to discuss the need for police reform and to look at the very serious  issues of racial inequalities. I am exceedingly disappointed. I thought  yesterday--no, actually Monday, I thought, good, we are going to get on  this bill. We are going to have a healthy debate and amendments. We are  going to be in front of the American people, giving our different  opinions. We are going to vote up or down, and we are actually going to  have a product here that is actually going to help. But it derailed. It  derailed badly. I am very disappointed by that, as I think everybody in  this country should be.   Those who are protesting, those who are deeply hurt by what they have  seen--they don't care about cloture and 60 votes and who gets the  political point and who is going to be able to drag this to the  election. They care about getting something done on a deeply emotional  issue.   We know that every American is entitled to equal protection under the  law. We also know there are a lot of good police officers in this  country--many, the vast majority. It is clear, though, that we have a  real need to improve our law enforcement so that every American can  have the confidence that officers are there to serve them equally.   We should provide better resources to train police on not just  deescalation but use of force and intervention, all of the issues that  we saw come forward in the horrifying death of George Floyd.   We should provide more body cameras. We wouldn't have known about  George Floyd had there not been a camera. I don't believe there was a  camera on the officer; it was a bystander's camera. But cameras can be  so incredibly useful to protect the rights of the people who are  confronted and to protect the rights of the police. So we need to make  sure that those are not only provided and there for our law enforcement  but that they are turned on. As we saw in Louisville, they were not  turned on.   We should make sure that bad police officers can't get passed from  department to department and that their disciplinary actions and  employment records are there, kept either locally or--the Pelosi bill  says kept at the State; the President says kept at the Federal--anyway,  in any event, kept for the transparency we need.   We should eliminate the use of choke holds by officers unless the  officer is in a situation where he can't get out of it, but quite  frankly, I am for banning them in any circumstance.   Those statements are really not very controversial, and most  Americans really agree with them. How do we know that? Both the bill  introduced by Senator Scott and cosponsored by 47 Republican Senators  and the bill introduced by Senator Booker and supported by many  Democrats included these provisions in each one of their bills.   We have a nonpartisan Congressional Research Service that we rely on  for nonpartisan advice. The quotes from their report in comparing both  bills: Both bills seek to establish best practices for law enforcement  officers and train officers in areas on the use of force and racial  bias. Both bills would seek to increase the use of body cameras worn by  State and local law enforcement--both bills. Both bills would contain  provisions designed to enhance transparency concerning records of  misconduct by law enforcement officers--both bills. Both bills include  provisions designed to limit the use of choke holds by Federal, State,  and local law enforcement--although the two statutes do differ in the  breadth and approach. What happens when we differ with the House? We go  to conference, and we work out our differences. But we are not having  that chance today.   Given these areas of common ground, it should have been easy for us  to come together and to pass that motion to begin the debate on the  Senate floor. That is what we are supposed to do.   There are a few major differences in the bill, and this is where I  think the American people would have really tuned in to the debate. We  know that there is a difference on qualified immunity. Let's have a  debate. Let's have a debate.   Had we moved forward, I think we could have ended up with a  bipartisan bill that could pass both the House and the Senate and  signed into law. As we are now, do you know what we have, as Senator  Scott said in the speech he gave about an hour ago? Nothing. We have  nothing. We have people on the streets of every town in America begging  us to do something positive to help the situation, and today,  crickets--nothing--because we couldn't get cooperation.    It would have made significant progress. I heard Senator Scott say-- and I didn't realize this until I heard him say it on the Senate  floor--20 amendments and a managers' amendment he offered in  conversations with the other side, and again, no--nothing. We don't  want that.   We don't have the best record on showing the American people that we  can work together and get things done, but, boy, we could have shown  them that today. We could have shown them that the rest of the week as  we debate those issues. I can guarantee you, on some of the sticky  issues, we would have had great agreement. Maybe we all wouldn't have  agreed on it, but some of each from each part of our party and each  part of the country would have agreed on those issues and formulated  better, smarter, more efficient legislation. We could have demonstrated  that we are united in support of the civil rights of all Americans and  in support of the men and women in law enforcement. Instead,  partisanship was allowed to carry the day.   It should be clear, because I think it should be to the American  people, that this motion--the other side says, ``We don't have a seat  at the table''--would have provided the world stage for their seat at  the table to debate this issue.   We need 60 votes to continue, and here I am talking about the  technicalities of how to get it done. But there would have been an  enormous amendment process that probably would have been quite lengthy  and very beneficial.   I am very disappointed. I am disappointed to tell the American people  that we are listening to you, but, you know, maybe it is not in our own  political benefit to cooperate to move forward, so let's just draw it  out, as Senator Lankford said.   I think it is important to point out in the process, if we had an  amendment debate, if we had a debate on the Senate floor, if we  cultivated and came up with a final product, it is still within the 60- vote margin for the other side to say: No. Can't do it. It is not  enough. Can't go there.   OK. At least we tried. Now we have nothing.   As we move forward--I was on several radio interviews today, and a  lot of people want to know what is next. I don't know what is next. We  have to do better than this. We have to do better, with what we see  happening in our country and listening to the cries.   When I heard Senator Scott's speech, when he talked of the  communities that are most vulnerable, that have the most difficulties  in all of the struggles of their lives, we owe it to them to have this  debate on the floor of the greatest deliberative body, the Senate.   We could have demonstrated a lot today, and it didn't work. It was  denied by 44 Senators. And here we are having to go back to our  constituents, go back to those folks who are very vulnerable, and say:  It didn't matter enough to try to fix it. It didn't matter enough that  we gave each other 20 amendments. It didn't matter enough that we were  going to have the debate on the Senate floor. It didn't matter enough  to have our experts come in and tell us what the best is. It didn't  matter.   I hope maybe, as time goes by, it will matter because this issue is  not going away, and our passion to solve it as a collective body  shouldn't go away. I am  [[Page S3181]]  committed to seeing that it doesn't go away.   