 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the MORE  Act, which legalizes marijuana across the United States.   As a mother and a former public schoolteacher, I am appalled at this  legislation's disregard for the health and safety of our children,  schools, and families. I am also shocked and appalled by the previous  speaker's claim that this legislation is good for children and using  children as an excuse to pass this bill and legalize it across this  country.   The MORE Act would grant the marijuana industry unfettered access to  our Nation's youth by allowing the sale of edibles and flavored  marijuana vapes and permitting marijuana businesses to be located  within 1,000 feet of schools, daycares, private kindergartens, public  parks, and recreational facilities.   The bill also opens the floodgates for advertising high potency and  extremely dangerous products on TV and social media, a place where our  kids are spending countless hours every day.   We need to consider three critical points before voting today:   First, research has shown that people who use marijuana at a young  age are more prone to addictive habits later in life as it activates  the pleasure center receptors of the brain.   Second, long-term marijuana use has been linked by research to mental  illness such as hallucinations, temporary paranoia, depression,  suicidal thoughts, violent behavior, and schizophrenia.   And, third, these findings were serious enough to lead the U.S.  Surgeon General to declare an advisory for marijuana use, emphasizing  that: ``Recent increases in access to marijuana and in its potency,  along with misperceptions of safety of marijuana endanger our most  precious resource, our Nation's youth.''   The House should be discussing a responsible COVID relief package to  aid the American people during the pandemic. Instead, my colleagues on  the other side of the aisle are focusing on legalizing marijuana. Where  are our priorities?   The MORE Act completely undermines current research and health  warnings and puts our children in danger. I call on my colleagues to  vote ``no'' on this irresponsible and dangerous bill.   