 Mr. President, I rise today in opposition to the  nomination of Justin Walker to the DC Circuit. There are four main  reasons for my opposition, and I would like to address each.   First, Judge Walker does not have the experience we would expect of a  nominee to the DC Circuit, which is considered the second most powerful  court in the Nation.   Judge Walker was confirmed to the Western District of Kentucky on  October 24, 2019. He has just 7 months of experience as a sitting  Federal district court Judge.   Moreover, as Judge Walker disclosed in the questionnaire he submitted  to the Judiciary Committee, in those 7 months he has presided over no  bench or jury trials.   Although appellate judges don't preside over jury selection,  sentencing, or decisions on the admissibility of evidence, they are  regularly called upon to examine the decisions of district court judges  on these and other matters.   In light of that, Judge Walker's lack of trial experience should  alone be a bar to his elevation to the circuit.   Second, I have serious concerns about Judge Walker's views on  Executive power and agency independence.   Questions around these issues frequently come before the DC Circuit,  and so Judge Walker's views are highly relevant to his nomination.   Judge Walker has argued against the independence of the Federal  Bureau of Investigation, going so far as to claim that the FBI Director  should be an ``agent'' of the President.   These views are troubling in the abstract, but they are even more  troubling now, with an administration that too often views the  Department of Justice as a political arm of the Presidency.   Judge Walker has also argued that Federal agencies have too much  power when it comes to protecting the environment, consumers, and the  workplace.   This is an especially troubling viewpoint at a time when we need  agencies like the Occupational Safety and Health Administration,  commonly known as OSHA, to protect the health and safety of American  workers who have continued working during the COVID-19 pandemic or will  be returning to their jobs.   Judge Walker's views on the ability of federal agencies to protect  Americans are particularly relevant to the DC Circuit, which hears  critical cases surrounding workplace and environmental safeguards.   Third, Judge Walker has been an ardent opponent of the Affordable  Care Act.   He has called the Supreme Court's decision upholding the ACA  ``indefensible'' and ``catastrophic.'' He praised then-Judge Brett  Kavanaugh for providing a ``roadmap'' by which the Court could strike  down the ACA.   I simply cannot support a nominee who would put at risk the  healthcare of tens of millions of Americans, including those with  preexisting conditions who might well lose coverage without the ACA's  protections.   Finally, I have concerns that Judge Walker does not have the  temperament required of a Federal judge.   In March of this year, when he was formally sworn in to the Western  District of Kentucky, Judge Walker made a number of overtly political  remarks.   He attacked the American Bar Association, stating that ``although we  celebrate today, we cannot take for granted tomorrow or we will lose  our courts and our country to critics who call us terrifying and who  describe us as deplorable.''   He said that ``in Brett Kavanaugh's America, we will not surrender  while you wage war on our work or our cause or our hope or our dream.''   These remarks raise questions as to whether Judge Walker can remain  impartial and set aside political leanings.   For all of these reasons, I will vote against Judge Walker's  nomination, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Thank you.   