 Mr. President, I would like to thank, first of all, the  preceding speaker, Senator Klobuchar, for her efforts to help those  venues in those entertainment areas that at this point have been left  out. We certainly have some of those in West Virginia, and I am pleased  to say that the coronavirus package we are putting together today will  help those folks and hopefully get them over the hump.   Before I begin, I would like to wish everybody, as much as they can,  a happy holiday and a joyful new year. Turning the page of 2020 is  something I think we are all pretty anxious to do. Sometimes it seems  like the longest year, and sometimes it seems like the shortest year,  but it definitely seems like ``Groundhog Day'' a lot of the year.   I am very pleased that we have this relief package in front of us.  While I am glad an agreement has been reached, we certainly should have  done this earlier and could have done this earlier. We have been  working since July to deliver targeted additional relief through  efforts such as we put forward in the CARES Act, and it has been voted  down twice--once in September and once in October.   To date, we, the Republicans, have offered targeted relief  legislation, voted in favor of enhanced employment benefits, more money  for our schools, which would have been great to have had in early  September and should have had in early September. We voted in favor of  stand-alone emergency funding for the Paycheck Protection Program,  which we know is exceedingly important, and more dollars for vaccines  and testing so that we could get the great news of the vaccine that we  see coming forward out to everybody in this country. We offered all  kinds of ideas to the other side, but they blocked it--all of it. I am  glad to say that after all this, we have finally joined together,  realizing that, yes, a deal is better than no deal.   Last week, unfortunately, a very good friend of mine passed away  after battling coronavirus. At one point in her life, she was a small  business owner. I thought so much about her over the last several  weeks. I thought, what would she say if she knew that months ago, as a  small business owner, we could have delivered the same help to her that  we are delivering today.   We have to do better by the people we represent. It is disappointing  that politics has gotten in the way. It is disappointing and, quite  frankly, insulting, in my view, when I see the Speaker of the House  admitting to holding out on this relief because she thought it would be  beneficial politically in the end. We can do much better than this.   I am also a proud member of the Appropriations Committee. We have  [[Page S7895]]  worked hard to get these funds and resources where they are most  needed, especially in a year like this one. But due to delays,  critically needed resources to combat the opioid epidemic have had to  wait; investments to improve broadband have had to wait; research  dollars into Alzheimer's have had to wait; and the list goes on. This  is so frustrating to me, as it should be to every American, and I know  they are frustrated because they tell us they are.   But here now, we were able to include funds for things that are  important to me in my State of West Virginia, such as fossil energy  research, our universities, and the many Federal facilities that call  West Virginia home.   I encourage my colleagues to support this important legislation that  reflects our Nation's priorities and funds the government, which is our  responsibility as Members of Congress.   Within the Omnibus appropriations act is the fiscal year 2021  Homeland Security appropriations bill. I chair that subcommittee, and  it is with great pride that I can report to the American people and to  West Virginians that this title invests billions of dollars to protect  our homeland.   We maintain our commitment to border security through a border wall  system to include physical barriers and enhanced technologies.   We avoided a drastic cut to our cyber security capabilities that we  see we need now more than ever after all of the reports and the vicious  cyber attack that we uncovered that has been launched against many of  those in our country, not just the government but the private sector as  well.   We continue our commitment to use every resource at our disposal in  the effort to prevent those opioids that are killing our people. We see  overdoses going up and deaths from overdoses going up during this  pandemic. We tried to get the resources to our Homeland Security folks  to prevent those drugs from entering into this country at all.   The men and women at the Department of Homeland Security work  constantly against threats both old and new, traditional and emerging,  and deserve the support this legislation gives them.   So while this is great news in the end, I will repeat what I said  earlier, and that is, Congress can do better. We could have done this  earlier, and it should have been done earlier. So there is no reason we  should be standing here several days before Christmas discussing the  items that were ready to go several months ago, but we are where we  are. As we turn the page gleefully into 2021, I think we should all  pledge to one another and to the country that we will do better, that  we will work better with each other and prevent politics from infecting  every decision that could positively impact so many people in this  country.   Lastly, I give a hat tip to my friend, whom I will miss seeing and  who was a great friend to our family, a longtime friend of our family.  Godspeed. I know she is dancing up there with her mom and dad because  they loved to dance.   