 Mr. President, I think everyone has been watching a  lot of news lately, and I will tell you I have talked to some  Tennesseeans this weekend who feel like they can tell that the  journalists working at our mainstream media outlets are getting  frustrated by how much pressure we are putting on big tech companies  like Facebook, Twitter, and Google. But, you know, we are putting  pressure on them. It is important for them to be in their lanes. It is  important that if they are going to be news sources, that they do  something like hire a news director.   I think they have fallen into the same trap that a lot of people fall  into when a story dominates the headlines for awhile, and then it  doesn't resolve itself quickly. You know, they get pretty sick of  hearing about it. They saw the initial reports of censorship, bias, and  antitrust concerns. They didn't feel that personal sense of outrage  about what was happening and either checked out of the conversation or  let their frustration breed resentment against those who would very  much like for their tweets to stay put.   But they knew something was going on out there that made them a  little bit uneasy. They were hearing about censorship. They were  hearing about blocking and throttling and shadow banning, and, you  know, they were a  [[Page S6719]]  little unsettled by lack of privacy and data mining and data  harvesting.   But we shouldn't use these basic notions of privacy, security, and  open debate as a political football. These are, indeed, universal  concerns that anyone who owns a smartphone, uses social media, or uses  search engines really should care about. And, yes, people are right to  feel a little bit uneasy about what is going on in the virtual space.  Why shouldn't we be allowed to ask powerful tech CEOs questions about  what is going on behind the scenes?   We had a hearing in the Commerce Committee a couple of weeks ago--a  few weeks ago, just prior to the election. Chairman Wicker was in  charge of that hearing, and people listened and thought: Why won't they  answer the question? Why don't they admit that they are data mining?  Why don't they admit their advertising practices? We click onto our  search engines, and suddenly our screen populates with things that we  have recently searched and things we have been talking about.   So we have another hearing that is coming up tomorrow at the  Judiciary Committee. We are going to receive testimony from Facebook  CEO Mark Zuckerberg and Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey about their now  infamous censoring and throttling of the New York Post's social media  accounts, their blocking of a story that was relevant to the American  people and to the election process.   Now, keep in mind, this wasn't some conspiracy site or some anonymous  blog known for posting hacked information or stories that are extreme.  This was the New York Post, a trusted source in news here in the United  States since 1801, when it was founded by none other than Alexander  Hamilton. It is not sensationalism. It is news brought to you as a  trusted source since 1801.   And you are probably thinking, that has been around for awhile. And,  yes, indeed it has. It is America's oldest continuously published  newspaper. But, apparently, random fact checkers 3,000 miles away,  sitting in their posh environs in the Silicon Valley, decided that the  Post editors' time-tested vetting processes simply were not good enough  for them. They think they know better. They think they are smarter than  everyone else. They think--since they control and have power in the  virtual space, they think they get to play God. They think they can  determine what qualifies as free speech.   Now, I have spoken before at length about why this is a problem, and  right now I want to focus on what happened on the other side of that  takedown.   The Post fought both Facebook and Twitter on this content moderation  decision. They questioned it. They demanded answers. And after enormous  pressure, both from the Post and in the public square, both Facebook  and Twitter eventually walked back their moderation decisions and  allowed their users to share this article. That they decided to censor  the Post is bad enough; that they couldn't even cite a policy that they  could back up their decision under pressure is even worse. They  couldn't tell you why they took it down, what it violated in their  community standards, and what they violated in their terms of service.  They did not know.   What did they know? What they did know was that they were on Joe  Biden's team. They wanted him to win, so they took issue with anything  that they did not agree with. It did not fit their narrative.   Big Tech companies like Facebook and Twitter have an enormous amount  of control over the flow of information. They were designed to be this  way from the beginning. Millions of Americans used their feeds as a  main source of news updates.   Bear in mind, the internet is a title I function of the 1996  Telecommunications Act--a title I. It is an information service. It is  not a telecommunications service. It is not a news service.   This is something. It is a wonderful resource that should be the  public square but only as long as you can count on it to put factual  information in the pipeline, to not censor, and to not take sides.   This is why Americans have so many questions about how the companies  make their content moderation decisions, and this is why the Judiciary  Committee will hold this hearing tomorrow. If either of their companies  had been able to come to the table with a simple, defensible  explanation of why they chose to censor the New York Post, I don't  think they would be in the position they are in right now. But they had  no explanation. They didn't repent. They did cave, eventually, but they  could not explain why they blocked it.   Mr. Zuckerberg and Mr. Dorsey are competent CEOs who know their  businesses inside and out, and it is time for them to get down to the  nitty-gritty and explain what happened. How is it that their content  moderation practices are still so full of holes as to allow a content  moderator--a single individual--to put their opinion in front of a  post, to panic and blacklist an admittedly sensational but certainly  newsworthy story without any evidence that it contained misinformation  or hacked information or false or defamatory information? They did it  because they could. They just did not like the story.   The ensuing scramble to walk back that decision is an indictment of  their internal moderation processes. Whether it is algorithms or  individuals, it is subjective.   The people who are responsible for this owe us answers, and we hope  the hearing tomorrow will help lead to those answers.   It bears repeating that these companies are not just entertainment or  social media companies. They have an inordinate amount of control over  the flow of information, and because of this, they control what we see,  what we hear, even what we say, and, thereby, what we think and how we  vote.   I yield the floor.   