 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, at the heart of this debate is life.  When I reflect on the importance of protecting innocent life, the story  of Ellie Schneider comes to mind. She is a child who was born at just  21 weeks 6 days in Kansas City. Ellie is one of the youngest babies to  survive, in the United States, a premature birth. She was born so early  that most hospitals in Missouri would not treat her, except for the  faith-based hospital St. Luke's.   She weighed only slightly more than a can of soda and was about as  long as a piece of paper. She weighed just 14 ounces. At 21 weeks, the  odds were stacked against her, but she is a fighter. Through the power  of prayer and an incredible medical team, Ellie is now a healthy, happy  2-year-old girl. She brings endless joy to her family.   Her inclusion in the President's State of the Union Address is a  powerful testament to life. Ellie is an example that every child is a  blessing worthy of protection, and we have a moral obligation to defend  the born and unborn.   In today's political climate, it is easy to forget that there are  both Democrats and Republicans, liberals and conservatives, and people  from every religious affiliation who believe in protecting the human  rights of the unborn. I am proud to be a cosponsor S. 311, the Born- Alive Survivors Protection Act. It sends a clear message by  establishing the real consequences for those who kill or abandon  innocent children after they are outside the mother's womb. We should  all be able to agree that once born, each baby deserves the right to  proper access to medical care.   I also proudly support S. 3275, the Pain-Capable Unborn Protection  Act, which places much needed restrictions on elective abortions on  children at 20 weeks post-conception. It is unconscionable that America  is one of only seven countries that does not have a 20-week abortion  ban. These countries include China, North Korea, and Vietnam.   While it is disheartening that this type of horrific practice needs  congressional action, I am glad there are commonsense pieces of  legislation that can address the atrocities of late-term abortion and  severely punishes those in the business of taking the lives of our  youngest human beings.   I pray that the American people will recognize that lives hang in the  balance, will stand with us to get our Nation back on the right track,  and will fight for the born and the unborn. Being a voice for the  voiceless requires us to take important steps, like passing the Born- Alive Abortion Survivors Protection Act and the Pain-Capable Unborn  Protection Act.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   