 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6020, a bill requiring a  Government Accountability Office evaluation of the social, economic,  and historic contributions that Minor League Baseball has made to  American life and culture.   This past year, Major League Baseball proposed eliminating at least  40 minor league teams. MLB says their goal is to modernize the minor  league system, but communities say the plan is misguided. Minor league  teams are often found in smaller cities. I have two in my own district,  and I visited with these teams.   I know they have a vested interest in our communities, and they have  a positive economic impact and contribute to our diversification. I  have spoken with the fans, and they tell me how the teams provide a  sense of community, pride, and togetherness, and improve livability in  the region.   Mr. Speaker, there are many other benefits that minor league teams  provide. For example, the average cost of a major league ticket is over  $30, compared to the under $10 for the minor's, and that cost rises  exponentially when you factor in parking, concessions, and souvenirs.   Minor League Baseball also offers an affordable alternative to those  families that wish to teach their kids about America's pastime.   In addition to these individual benefits, Minor League Baseball teams  donated over $40 million to local charities in 2018 alone. The minor  leagues have also established initiatives providing opportunities to  athletes around the world. These initiatives grow the game of baseball.  Some of these initiatives include providing training and equipment to  Latin-American players and expanding the sport by encouraging young  girls to play.   Minor League Baseball also creates programs and hosts summer camps  for kids in their local communities. These programs and camps promote a  healthy lifestyle and teach teamwork and leadership.   Mr. Speaker, for these reasons, I support this bill, and I urge my  colleagues to do the same.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  West Virginia (Mr. McKinley).    Mr. Speaker, I would like to make the gentlewoman from  New York aware that I have no further speakers, and I am prepared to  close. I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill,  and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I would first like to thank my colleague  from North Carolina (Mr. Budd) for his leadership on this important  issue.   We still have a crisis on our southern border. While we have made  progress, we need to finish the job.   We are continuing to construct our border wall, to strengthen our  ports of entry, and to keep drugs and crime out of our communities.  Yet, while President Trump, the heads of our Federal agencies, and  congressional Republicans have joined together to draft good  legislation and enforce our country's laws, we, sadly, have areas in  our country that harbor criminals under the hypocritical title of  sanctuary cities.   In defiance of our laws, many places like San Francisco, Los Angeles,  New York City, and others have publicly pledged to serve as a safe  haven for the dangerous criminals living in the shadows of our society.   Meaningful immigration reform is crucial, but removing dangerous  criminals cannot wait. Crime affects every person in this country-- every citizen, every visitor, every single person, whether of legal  status or otherwise. We have seen that anybody can be a victim of crime  when our city leaders refuse to remove violent offenders off our  streets.   These city officials have provided sanctuaries for lawbreakers but  not for law followers. We need justice for those victims.   While city leaders protect criminals from deportation and frustrate  our Federal immigration enforcers, it is well past time to create a  pathway to justice for the law-abiding members of our communities.   If these sanctuary city officials will not protect their citizens,  they must pay a price. They must be held accountable and responsible  for their reckless negligence.   We need to allow victims and their families to sue these cities that  have blocked our Federal agents from enforcing laws and shielded  violent criminals from removal. President Trump spoke of this in his  eloquent and powerful State of the Union Message.   I am proud to cosponsor the Justice for Victims of Sanctuary Cities  Act introduced by Mr. Budd because my fellow West Virginians and many  Americans know that this is the right thing for our country.   Good governance depends on transparency and accountability for our  citizens and cooperation between Federal, State, and local leaders.  Sanctuary cities deny these.   