 MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, my home is again an  epicenter for a national disaster. Today, New York City is the  frontline of the war against the spread of coronavirus; the United  States now has the most confirmed COVID-19 cases in the world, and New  York City has, by far, the most cases in the United States, reaching  more than 23,000 as of this morning. New Yorkers are facing this crisis  with strength and optimism and we, as we have so often, are providing a  model for the other cities and states that will confront similar  challenges in the days and weeks to come.   My constituents always come first. If I thought that I could help  them at this time by breaking every bit of expert medical guidance on  containing the coronavirus, then I would travel to the Capitol in a  heartbeat. But with the outcome assured, I can best serve my  constituents and New York by following best practices and staying here,  facing down this crisis with the strength for which New Yorkers are  justly known.   Had I been present, I would have voted to pass this emergency relief  legislation to get immediate help to our hospitals, small businesses,  and individual Americans. Let me be clear: this is disaster relief to  address the immediate crisis in front of us; there is much more that  needs to be done to help restart the economy, and we will be turning  our efforts to that as soon as this $2 trillion relief package is  signed into law.   This bill is not perfect, but it is essential that we act now. With  this bill, more than $40 billion will flow to New York--not just for  the state and city but directly to our hospitals and healthcare workers  and small businesses, particularly for employee retention. There will  also be direct payments to individuals and significantly more resources  for those who have lost their job because of this crisis.   This bill includes important wins for progressive policy proposals  that Democrats fought for, including: a large investment in hospitals,  our health system, and state and local governments to give them the  resources they need during this emergency; a massive increase in  unemployment insurance benefits so that these benefits match the  average paycheck of laid-off and furloughed workers; a significant  expansion of fast relief for small businesses, including making rent,  mortgages, and utility costs eligible for Small Business Administration  (SBA) loan forgiveness; billions of dollars for emergency education  funding and the elimination of income tax on student loan repayment  assistance by an employer; and accountability and oversight by  preventing secret bailouts and adding special oversight requirements.   Importantly for New Yorkers, this expansion of unemployment insurance  covers all workers, whether they work for small or larger business, are  self-employed, or work in the gig economy. Of the $260 billion  dedicated for this proposal, $15 billion is projected to come home to  New York. Additionally, a relief fund for state and local governments  is projected to send at least $5.8 billion to New York State and more  than $1.4 billion to New York City.   This legislation puts workers first by banning stock buybacks and  limiting executive compensation for the duration that a company is  receiving government assistance plus one year for any company that  receives a government loan from this bill. It also establishes robust  worker protections attached to most federal loans for businesses. There  will be real-time public reporting of any transactions by the Treasury  Department under this bill, including terms of loans, investments, and  other assistance to corporations. Democrats also added a retention tax  credit for employers to encourage all businesses to keep workers on the  payroll during this crisis and removed the ``secret bailout'' provision  of the initial Republican proposal that would have allowed bailouts to  be concealed for 6 months.   As Chair of the Committee on Oversight and Reform, I am proud that  the committee will be at the forefront of fulfilling Congress' vitally  important Constitutional responsibility to conduct oversight of the  distribution of funds to corporations under this legislation.   The bill includes important provisions to ensure that taxpayer  dollars are used effectively and efficiently, including dedicated  funding and enhanced authorities for Inspectors General and the  independent Government Accountability Office to fight waste, fraud, and  abuse in the government spending that will happen under this bill.   The bill includes several provisions that I, along with my  counterpart in the Senate, Senator Gary Peters, offered. Among the  provisions we are adopting today are, as follows:   Pandemic Response Accountability Committee: The Pandemic Response  Accountability Committee will be made up of independent Inspectors  General who will conduct and coordinate audits and investigations to  provide accountability and identify waste, fraud, and abuse in spending  under the Act and the response to the coronavirus crisis. This  provision will help ensure that Inspectors General have the authorities  and funding necessary to conduct oversight, including access to  documents and testimony from government officials and private sector  entities. The bill requires extensive public reporting through  Oversight.gov on what the Inspectors General find during their  oversight, and it requires agencies to report information about  spending under the bill.   $20 Million for Government Accountability Office: The bill allocates  $20 million to enable the independent Government Accountability Office  (GAO) to help Congress conduct oversight of the spending under this  bill and other efforts to respond to the crisis. The bill provides GAO  with the ability to conduct oversight and inspections of private  entities receiving funding under the bill to protect against fraud.   The bill also includes several other oversight initiatives including:   Special Inspector General for Pandemic Recovery: The bill establishes  a Special Inspector General to conduct oversight over stimulus spending  by the Department of the Treasury. The bill requires the Special  Inspector General to track all loans, loan guarantees, and other  obligations and expenditures made by the Treasury Department under the  bill. The bill provides $25 million for the Special Inspector General  and authorizes the position for five years.   Congressional Oversight Commission: The bill includes the  establishment of a Congressional Oversight Commission to oversee  stimulus spending by the Department of Treasury and the Board of  Governors of the Federal Reserve. The Commission will be tasked with  evaluating issues such as the impact of loans, loan guarantees, and  investments made under the bill on the United States people, economy,  financial markets, and financial institutions. The Commission will be  required to submit reports to Congress every 30 days.   Finally, the bill includes mechanisms to prevent the airline industry  from using taxpayer funds for purposes Congress never intended, as the  industry did after 9/11.   To prevent a repeat of these abuses, the House and Senate worked  together to establish clear requirements for expectations and  accountability, including:   Required Assurances from Air Carriers: The bill requires air carriers  to agree to certain conditions in order to accept loans or loan  guarantees from the Secretary of the Treasury. These conditions impose  limitations on the ability of air carriers to buy back stocks, pay  dividends to shareholders, layoff or furlough employees, and increase  executive pay.   In closing, I want to offer my deepest appreciation to the Democratic  negotiating team, led by our peerless Speaker and Minority Leader  Schumer, which so dramatically improved the legislation from the  original bill that Senate Republicans initially tried to pass. The  achievement of this legislation is not the speed with which it was  assembled, but the breadth of its vision to focus on direct assistance  to individuals and conditioning so much of the aid to companies on  keeping our friends and neighbors employed. Getting through this moment  in history will be eased for many because of the hard-won provisions of  this legislation achieved by the Democrats.   