 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this  legislation. I rise in support of the PUGET SOS Act, Save Our Sound  Act, important legislation to clean up the Puget Sound.   I join as someone who represents a district in eastern Washington. My  district actually borders Idaho, but I believe that we need to be  locking arms. We need to be working together to clean up Puget Sound.   For decades, we have invested billions of dollars, billions of  dollars in research and technology, to recover salmon in the Pacific  Northwest and save our orcas, and we need to continue that work to look  for the best science to recover salmon and to save our orcas.   I am proud of the work that we have done. We see salmon returns  improving. When you look at where we started to where we are today, we  are at record levels.   Now, in Washington State, some are suggesting that we need to tear  out our dams in order to save salmon and to save our orcas. It is a  solution that is not backed by science.   The reason that I am in such support of helping save the Sound and  cleaning up Puget Sound is because it is the number one watershed,  right now, for salmon and for saving our orcas.   And if we really want to focus on getting results, we need to come  together and figure out how we clean up Puget Sound, how we get the  salmon returns improved, and, ultimately, how we all save the salmon.   So, for those of us in eastern Washington, we often feel like some in  the State are looking to us. We want to lock arms and figure out how we  actually make a difference, and one of those is going to be cleaning up  the Puget Sound.    So, in eastern Washington, we have been on the forefront of policy to  ensure strong salmon runs and clean up our rivers and lakes. I  represent the city of Spokane, the second largest city in Washington  State.   The people of the city of Spokane have committed to over $300 million  to clean up Spokane River so that we will no longer be dumping raw  sewage. The mayor, David Condon, brought people together for an  innovative water storage system, and President Barack Obama brought him  to the White House to celebrate and honor this innovative approach.   Inland Empire Paper Company has spent nearly a billion dollars on  technology to clean up and ensure that the water that goes into the  Spokane River is clean.   We are spending millions and millions of dollars to clean up Lake  Roosevelt behind Grand Coulee Dam. We are on track to have Lake  Roosevelt meet clean drinking water standards so that we can enjoy Lake  Roosevelt, we can fish, and we can enjoy the beaches.   It breaks my heart, though, when I hear what is going on in Puget  Sound and the impact that Puget Sound is having on recovering salmon  and orcas: In 2009, 10 million gallons of raw sewage spilled into Puget  Sound; in 2017, 250 million gallons of raw sewage spilled into Puget  Sound; in 2019, 4.5 million gallons. We have been warned that  stormwater is killing coho salmon before they even spawn.   As the Seattle Times said during the 2017 failure that spilled 250  million gallons of sewage into the Sound: ``Not a single person from an  environmental group or the public turned out to testify or demand  action on the crippled West Point Treatment Plant, or even take notice  of one of the largest local public infrastructure failures in  decades.''   Mr. Speaker, we are failing. We are failing to meet our obligation  and the high standards that we expect for every body of water; yet,  nearly every week, we have to defend our dams from the same  environmental groups that have refused to look at the facts.   So I am stepping forward today, as a Representative from eastern  Washington, with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, to say let's  focus on what is actually going to get the results, what is going to  recover salmon, and what is going to save our orcas.   