 Madam President, I come to the floor today, like so  many of my colleagues, during what is undoubtedly the worst crisis that  I have seen in my lifetime. It reminds me of hearing from my parents  and grandparents about what it was like in America during the  Depression and during World War II. This crisis in some ways is even  worse because it is an enemy we can't see--the novel coronavirus, or  COVID-19.   Not since the 1918 outbreak of the Spanish influenza has a pandemic  posed such an immense threat to the public health of our country. As of  this morning, more than 47,000 Americans who have been tested have  tested positive for COVID-19. We have actually tested more than that,  but that is the number who have tested positive, and 593 Americans  have, unfortunately, died from this disease. Just yesterday, health  officials reported that more than 100 Americans lost their lives in a  single day.   I know that everyone in this Chamber is thinking of those families  and those people who have been lost due to this disease.   Sadly, no one is immune. Everyone is affected, including in my home  State of New Hampshire. We have had more than 100 Granite Staters who  have fallen ill from the coronavirus, and, sadly, just in the last few  days, one person has died. My heart goes out to these families and to  the family of the person we have lost.   This virus hasn't only threatened the public health of the Nation,  but it threatens our economy as well. Millions of Americans have been  asked to stay in their homes. Schools and businesses have been closed.  While we all understand that this is a necessary step to help curb the  spread of the disease, it is taking a huge toll on our workers, our  families, and our economy as a whole. The aftermath of this nationwide  emergency could leave tens of millions of families without work or  steady income.   I have been working closely with my colleagues here in Congress and  with the rest of the delegation from New Hampshire and with our  Governor to try and think about what we should come up with, what kind  of package would help those people who are hurting. During the past  couple of weeks, I have had many phone calls with mayors, public health  officials, small business owners, social service agencies, and all of  those people who are on the frontlines of this crisis.   I have heard from nonprofit organizations that provide vital services  to with those with disabilities, to our senior citizens and veterans,  and to those in recovery from substance use disorders--because even as  we are grappling with the impact of this coronavirus, New Hampshire is  still sadly in the midst of a persistent substance misuse epidemic.  Thanks to the tireless efforts of advocates, providers, policymakers,  and so many in our State, we have made strides toward curbing the  substance misuse crisis. We are ensuring that resources are there so  that people can get the care they need. Even though we are facing a  pandemic, substance misuse doesn't take a day off.   However, organizations that provide essential treatment and  counseling for Granite Staters are also dealing with decreased capacity  and revenue shortfalls that threaten their ability to continue to be a  resource for their communities over the long-term. Our critical  frontline healthcare providers, as well as first responders, police,  firefighters, and EMTs, who are on the frontlines of responding to and  treating coronavirus cases are lacking medical resources and personal  protective equipment that is so necessary to do their jobs at this  critical time. We are hearing from hospitals that are facing an  uncertain financial future due to the crisis. All of these troubling  situations point to the need for immediate relief so that the  organizations and agencies that Granite Staters rely on can continue to  be there.   I agree with my colleagues who have come to the floor over the last 2  days to say that Congress must act. We must act to provide relief so  that so many Americans who are suffering can get the help they  desperately need   In the past 2 weeks, Congress has taken several steps to provide  immediate help to those families who are affected by the coronavirus.  These include emergency paid sick leave to many workers who get  infected with the virus, who have had to self-quarantine, or who need  to take care of family members. We provided emergency measures to  ensure that every American, including those without insurance, is able  to have their coronavirus testing costs fully covered. We have expanded  unemployment insurance for those who are laid off as a result of the  virus.   We can and we must do more. Congress must work to address the  economic devastation that so many are facing because of this virus.  Just yesterday, we heard from a senior Federal Reserve official who  warned that the U.S. unemployment rate could skyrocket because of this  pandemic, and we are seeing that. I know that all of us are seeing that  in our States. At home in New Hampshire, we have had thousands apply  for unemployment insurance because they have been laid off in the last  few weeks.   The message from the frontlines is this: We need help and we need it  fast, and Congress must provide that help--help for our hospitals,  healthcare providers, and first responders as they prepare for a surge  in demand for treatment as this virus spreads.   We want to make sure that they have the medical equipment and the  supplies they need to keep them safe while they are treating so many  people who are ill. We need financial relief and paid leave to workers,  especially to hourly workers and to those who have been laid off  because of the impact of this virus.   We need support for small businesses. Small businesses are the  lifeblood of New Hampshire's economy. We have to make sure they stay  afloat and that they pay their workers while they are closed or have  reduced demand. We need to provide childcare and elder care for  healthcare workers, especially for those who are being asked to work  extra shifts. We need assistance so Americans can afford their  healthcare treatment. That is what I am fighting for.   We are making significant progress. We have seen movement in the last  couple of days. I want to call out my colleagues, Senators Rubio and  Cardin, the chair and ranking member of the Small Business Committee,  and Senator Collins. The four of us have  [[Page S2000]]  worked together on small business provisions that are in this bill.  Work continued through the weekend and late into the night last night  to reach agreement on these provisions, and we are almost there. I am  confident that in the end we will be able to deliver a package of well- thought-out provisions that will provide over $350 billion in  assistance for small businesses and nonprofit organizations in New  Hampshire and throughout the country. This bipartisan package will  provide immediate cash flow assistance so that small businesses can  continue to pay their employees, make their rent, pay their mortgage,  and pay their utility bills.   The bill will also provide support to small business development  centers, to women's business centers, to veterans business outreach  centers, and all those resource agencies that can help small businesses  as they try to figure out how to navigate this crisis and how to get  the help they need.   We are also providing 6 months of relief for existing SBA borrowers.  Of course, to make this work, we need all those lending institutions-- our banks and financial institutions that are already on the frontlines  trying to help small businesses. They are going to be critical to  making this package work.   There is much more to be done. We still need to provide funding for  State and local governments because, as we speak, tax revenues are  plummeting and the costs of responding to this crisis are skyrocketing.  I have heard from so many municipal officials who are on the frontlines  and spending money and are not sure how to replace those dollars as  they fight this crisis.   We need additional funding for hospitals because they are going to  see a terrifying surge of patients in the coming days and weeks. They  are going to have to make very difficult decisions about the kind of  care they are able to provide, and we need to make sure they have the  resources they need.   We need to make sure that big corporations continue to support their  workers through this crisis. We need legislation to ensure that New  Hampshire nonprofits and social service organizations like those in the  rest of the country that are in dire financial straits can continue to  receive assistance because their services are needed now more than  ever. Once we get through the worst of this crisis, we are going to  need those organizations to continue to serve people in our  communities.    I think I and most of my colleagues here are working in a bipartisan  way and with this administration to find common ground and to address  the needs of the Nation.   I have been disappointed at some of the partisan attacks on the floor  of the Senate because I think everybody's goal is the same. It is to  respond to the needs of this Nation, to make it clear to people who are  our constituents and people across this country that we are here to try  and address the suffering they are experiencing.   Our country is hurting right now. People are looking to this body for  leadership. That is why it is so important that we get this bill right.  This is one of those times in history when Congress must set aside any  political differences and where we must deliver a bill that meets the  challenges we face because at the end of the day, we are all in this  together.   One of the encouraging things that I have felt as I have watched the  news and heard from people across the country are those people who are  stepping up now at this time of difficulty. Just this morning, I heard  about one of our small businesses in northern New Hampshire who knew  that people were buying out toilet paper and that supermarkets and any  stores that carried toilet paper were sold out.   They called down the road to Gorham Paper, which is one of our paper  mills that is still operating that provides tissue for people across  the country. They called them to see if they had any toilet tissue they  could provide for businesses in the community. We have a Federal prison  in that community in Berlin. They found out, so they called them to  provide toilet tissue for the prison. It seems like a small thing, but  it is the kind of thing that has helped people and made it possible for  people to continue to see past the worst of this crisis, to see beyond,  and to see how we can all work together to cooperate to get through  this.   Let's show the American people that their elected leaders can address  the needs of this country. Let's get this bill done. We have no time to  waste.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   