 Mr. President, I tell you, it is quite an honor to  join my colleagues and talk for a few minutes about our Supreme Court  nominee, Judge Barrett.   In the Judiciary Committee, where I hold a seat, we were doing one of  our most important duties--our constitutional duty to provide advice  and consent regarding the President's nominee for the Supreme Court.  Indeed, we do this with all of our Federal judges who come before us.   Last week, we fulfilled that highest level of duty as we examined  Judge Barrett's record, her character, and to see if she is qualified  to sit on the Supreme Court. As you were hearing from my colleagues  today, yes, indeed, she is qualified.   Now, I will tell you that unfortunately some of my colleagues on the  other side of the aisle spent their time fishing for sound bites and  feigning confusion over the fact that Judge Barrett takes her cues from  the Constitution and not from the latest polling and not from the 24- hour news cycle.  [[Page S6349]]  Honestly, I think that said more about them than it did about her.   That is what happens when leaders who really ought to know better  allow politics to take control of their vetting process and their  thought process. That is what most Americans took away from those  hearings last week, that in the eyes of those on the Democratic side of  the dais, there was no way Judge Amy Coney Barrett was ever going to  make them happy because, to them, only answers that tracked with their  views--views on the left--on abortion, on religion, and on socialized  medicine would pass muster. This is an absurd standard, I will tell  you, and it is no standard at all because those views shift and change  depending on what the loudest megaphone on the National Mall has to say  on any given day.   So, in the interest of refocusing on our duty to offer advice and  consent, I think we could all stand a quick recap of last week's  hearing.   Here is what we know: Judge Barrett is exceptionally smart, she is  focused, and she is a mindful jurist. Her colleagues, students, former  clerks, and professional associates from all backgrounds and all world  views wholeheartedly believe she is competent and prepared to hold a  seat on the Supreme Court. Her record is consistent with the  originalist lens she puts over the cases and controversies that come  across her desk. Over the course of 2 days of intense questioning, she  did not contradict that record or violate the rules of judicial ethics  by offering a preview of future rulings.   The American Bar Association rated her as ``well qualified'' to serve  on the Court. Based on the testimony and evidence offered to the  committee, I will tell you, I definitely agree with them.   I will vote to confirm Judge Barrett to the Supreme Court, and I  would encourage all my colleagues who plan on voting no to think long  and hard about why that is. If they have not taken the time to get to  know Judge Barrett--her background and her record--I encourage them to  get to know a little bit about her and also to ask themselves how smart  was it to have spent the past month signaling their willingness to  dismantle our constitutional framework to score a few cheap points  against the White House during a political season.   I yield the floor.   