 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Mr. President, it has been 17 days since Minneapolis  police murdered George Floyd; 90 days since police in Louisville, KY,  killed Breonna Taylor, who would have turned 27 just days ago; and 109  days since Ahmaud Arbery was killed by  [[Page S2904]]  armed White residents in South Georgia.   These are just some of the most recent examples of the senseless,  repeated killings of Black people in our communities, including by  police, that have led to the massive outpouring of anger and grief we  have seen on display in streets across the country. We know that these  protests are not only about unjust tragedies. They are also about Tony  McDade, Sandra Bland, Mike Brown, Atatiana Jefferson, Walter Scott,  Philando Castile, Aiyana Stanley-Jones, and Tamir Rice, as well as  Manny Ellis, Charleena Lyles, and Che Taylor, from my home State of  Washington. There are countless Black people and people of color whose  vast majority of names we don't know whose lives have been unfairly  taken.   Even more important, these protests are driven by people, including  many young people, who are justifiably sick and tired of the systemic  racism behind those killings that is deeply woven throughout the fabric  of our democracy and our history and rightly believe we are not moving  forward nearly fast enough.   I know this is true in my home State of Washington, where according  to data compiled by the Mapping Police Violence database, between 2013  and 2019, Black people were more than three times more likely to be  killed by police. It is beyond clear that the disproportionate impact  of police violence on Black communities--as well as other communities  of color--is not some accident, and it speaks to a rot that is deep in  the design of our Nation. I come to the floor today because our Nation  has to change, because the people are demanding it, and I believe each  of us, especially those of us privileged enough to serve in the U.S.  Senate, is responsible for being a part of the solution.   It has been more than 2 weeks since George Floyd's murder, and we are  still seeing protests across the country in towns big and small, in  urban and rural areas. More importantly, they don't seem to be  stopping. More and more people are getting engaged and learning and  listening and signaling. We have a real opportunity to make change in  our country. I believe strongly this is a problem we can start to solve  today, and we have policies to do it.   One major step we can take is by passing the legislation offered this  week by Senators Harris and Booker. I thank them for their moral  leadership on so many challenges but especially this week with the  introduction of the Justice in Policing Act. Their legislation would,  among other things, reform qualified immunity that is an antiquated  judicial doctrine that has kept so many officers from being held  accountable for violating Americans' constitutional rights. It would  ban the use of choke holds and carotid holds and make Federal funds  available only for State and local departments committed to codifying  an end to these shameful tactics in law. It would reform the use-of- force standards to make officers clear a higher bar before using deadly  force and require deadly force to be used only as a last resort.   It would ban the use of no-knock warrants in Federal drug cases and  provide strong incentives to State and local governments to do the  same. It would strengthen transparency of policing through data, like  creating a national police misconduct registry to prevent misconduct  from being swept under the rug and requiring the Federal Government to  finally begin national tracking of incidences of use of force.   It would limit the transfer of military-grade equipment to State and  local law enforcement, as well as steps to restore and build on many of  the policing reform efforts initiated during the Obama administration.  None of these policies should be controversial for any of us here in  the Senate, Democrat or Republican. We have all seen the same egregious  violence and the same abuses of power from police in the communities we  represent--communities whose safety should be our priority. It is  undeniable that change is not only necessary but long overdue, and  there is absolutely no reason this body shouldn't be able to take up  these straightforward vital steps and pass them immediately.    Now, I don't think Senators Harris or Booker or any of us  cosponsoring the bill think this is a panacea or a solution to all of  the longstanding problems the last few weeks have laid bare, but this  is action that we can start taking now to begin ensuring justice and  accountability in our laws and in our law enforcement and, hopefully,  help put us on a path to begin to heal our Nation's deep wounds.   While we need to pass legislation to address police brutality, we  can't stop there. The Justice in Policing Act is the first of many  steps we need to take in Congress to help reset our Nation's moral  compass. It isn't lost on me--the massive uprising of peaceful protests  against police brutality we have seen in recent days--that it is  happening while many of our States are still working overtime to  address the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and to keep people safe as  we reopen communities.   Over the last couple of weeks, I have been in contact with Black  leaders and activists on the ground back home, and I have heard over  and over again about the connection between the racism at the heart of  the policing of Black communities and the disproportionate impact of  COVID-19 on them and their families, and, more importantly, how  traumatizing multilayered challenges like these can be for Black people  in our lives who deal with these injustices day in and day out.   For instance, one Black civil rights leader in southwest Washington  told me how their community has had a hard time getting vulnerable  members of the Black community tested. She is fighting for more  resources and support, and she is organizing car rallies to enable  people to make their voices heard against police brutality while still  maintaining social distancing. Another Black leader in Seattle shared  with me how absolutely critical it is that Black and other underserved  communities have access to COVID-19 testing and healthcare during this  ongoing pandemic, that these were both important, and that it isn't an  either/or proposition.   That people are rushing to the streets to make their voices heard in  the middle of a global health emergency underscores how serious this  moment in our country is and highlights the depths of the injustices  baked into our systems at every level. This means that during this  unprecedented public health emergency, we must prioritize equity in our  response, including ensuring that we are collecting the necessary  demographic data to target our efforts toward those most in need and  using this data to aggressively address disparities; making sure  critical supplies like testing kits and PPEs are getting to our hardest  hit communities, which is not happening consistently and is  contributing to Black and Brown communities suffering  disproportionately from the health and economic impacts of this virus;  not to mention planning now for equitable distribution of a safe and  effective vaccine.    More broadly, the protests are a passionate call for meaningful  change in our systems and institutions to combat the status quo of  racism and anti-Blackness that stains our democracy. In order to make  the right policy and resource decisions to help us change America for  the better and move toward a more just and peaceful future, it is  critical that we all try to stand in the shoes of those demanding  change and hear what they are saying from the perspective of their life  experience, not solely of our own, because like I have heard recently  in my conversations with Black Washingtonians, it is not that these are  new ideas or proposals, but that as a Nation we haven't paid nearly  enough attention to the profound grievances Black people have been  raising for a long time.   What I hear is people crying out for this country to live up to its  values, saying it is time for all of us, especially elected officials,  to listen and act by reinvesting in supporting our communities, rather  than allowing law enforcement to be an unaccountable, militarized  nonanswer to perfectly understandable calls for better healthcare,  better schools, and real safety.   It means not only addressing the racism and police violence in our  national COVID-19 response but also in how we address maternal  mortality, which disproportionately impacts Black women and families;  and access to healthcare  [[Page S2905]]  more broadly for Black communities; and how we work to solve the  climate crisis, which is a long-time demand of Black and Brown  communities that have suffered some of the worst impacts of growing  pollution; in how we work to close the gender pay gap that has Black  and Latina women hardest; and in how we ensure equity of resources and  opportunity and quality in our schools and our colleges and our  universities; and much, much more.   Now, none of this will happen overnight, but it is important that we  start the work now to dismantle systemic racism if we ever want to make  justice and equality realities instead of distant ideas.   There is also another big piece. I would be remiss if I didn't  mention it. I want to talk about something that I and so many people  across this country--especially White people, who don't live every day  feeling the impacts personally--are grappling with right now, which is  the part of this work that isn't about our systems or our institutions.  It is about looking inward.   Far too often the fear of finding out that you have been wrong or  completely misunderstood closes us off from honest self-reflection and  growth   We can't let it. Let's be clear: Change in our own hearts and our own  minds and in our communities is as fundamental and essential to truly  overcoming racism in our country as reforming policies and systems.   Instead of letting fear of getting it wrong lead to inaction or  complacency, I urge you to let it motivate you to listen and to learn  because we all have more to do. I am personally committed to doing  more. We all need to play a role in this work, especially our Nation's  leaders, which is why it is so frustrating that next week, instead of  addressing the profoundly urgent issues we are hearing about from  literally all corners of this country, the Senate will be working  toward confirming a personal friend of the majority leader's to a  lifetime judicial nomination--and very little else. I refuse to accept  this, and we all should.   I also haven't mentioned the President of the United States yet.  Before I do, I want to make one thing really clear: He is not the cause  of all this injustice; he is the symptom. And we, all of us, are the  only cure. Instead of rising to try to unify the country, the President  has shown more interest in fanning the flames of divisiveness and  making dangerous, unconstitutional threats to intimidate into silence  and suppress these vital protests.   To see this President at the helm of our country in this moment is  tragic and frightening. But try as he might, the President cannot  simply dismiss the legitimate anger on display in Seattle or Tacoma or  Spokane or across the country at the pervasive and crushing impact of  racism on Black people and other people of color.   For generations, we have seen in our newspapers and on our  televisions and from our cell phones the dire and unfair and too often  fatal impacts of systemic racism on Black lives. Our focus must be on  the painstaking work to actually address the deep, systemic racism in  our country, which continues to create these moments of understandable  despair.   I am going to keep listening to the people who are at the forefront  of these movements, including leaning on the work that has already been  done to help reimagine our Nation's approach to public safety, working  to redirect taxpayer dollars towards community resources that invest in  the health, safety, and security of Black people and others who have  been historically overlooked, and acting, not just talking, to keep our  momentum and efforts on this front progressing forward.   I am so glad I have been able to connect with leaders in Washington  State on these issues. As an elected leader, I know I have to keep  stepping up and amp up these necessary voices. Even though our country  is at a crossroads--perhaps the most perilous one we have faced in  recent memory--we have an opportunity for real progress right now. I  feel it in the demands for change coming from the streets and on social  media. I feel it in the energy, the resilience, and the courage of  civil rights leaders on the ground in Washington State. And I feel it  in the Justice in Policing Act.   In closing, I hope every single Senator in this Chamber will join  Senators Harris, Booker, and myself in cosponsoring this critical  legislation and getting it signed and on the books as quickly as  possible. I challenge each of my colleagues and all of us to commit  ourselves to a fairer, more compassionate vision for our future.   Some will say that nothing will change or can change, that we are  stuck to live out this historical loop of racial intolerance in  perpetuity. But, as Seattle-based writer Ijeoma Oluo reminds us, ``you  don't have to pretend to be free of racism to be an anti-racist . . .  [a]nti-racism is the commitment to fight racism wherever you find it,  including in yourself. And it's the only way forward.''   As a country, let's commit to fight racism in our laws and systems.  As individuals, let's commit to fight racism in ourselves and in our  communities. This is the work before all of us.   As a voice for my State and as someone committed to forming a more  perfect union for everyone, I intend to work for justice every day  until it arrives.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   