 Madam President, in the early days of the internet,  when we were all just beginning to get online and experience what it  was like to have at our fingertips an entree to the entire world--all  of the information you could want--everything at that point really felt  like a novelty. It had a newness about it. Technology was new, and  consumers were able to take their time carving out a comfort zone for  what they wanted to do online. They were signing up for Facebook, and  they were trying to figure out which of their retail merchants they  wanted to visit online, how they wanted to shop online, what  transactions they wanted to begin to put into that search engine, and  then conduct those transactions online. At the same time, technology  firms were carving out their place in the market.   I don't have to tell you that this dynamic has really changed from  those early days and those first experiences with the virtual space. We  walk around with computers in our pockets. That level of convenience  and connectivity is great, but it has thrown off the balance of power  between what is now called Big Tech and consumers. Over the past few  years, these companies have treated the American people to a series of  scandals that have opened the floodgates to mainstream concerns over  issues like data privacy, child exploitation, a national security risk,  and blatant, anti-competitive business practices.   Just this week, I sent a letter to the Attorney General about  Google's latest attacks on conservative media outlets. As a reminder to  everyone, Google threatened to remove the Federalist and ZeroHedge from  the Google Ads platform after determining that these outlets' comments  sections--did you get that? It was their comments sections, which are  the areas you go to participate in public debate--contained content  that violated company policy. Well, how about that?   A representative from Google ran to the press and insisted that both  outlets had published dangerous, hateful content. It really makes you  wonder: What was their real reason for this threat? What was the real  reason for the Google representative's breathless accusations to the  press?   In my letter, I encouraged Attorney General Barr to meet with  representatives from both the Federalist and ZeroHedge so that they  could explain firsthand what a permanent ban from the Google Ads  platform could lead to in terms of loss of traffic and revenue. Of  course, the answer to that inquiry is that a ban would be catastrophic  for any outlet, and here is the reason: Guess who dominates online  advertising. Google. It is called a monopoly. It is called ``they  control those ad platforms.''   This Friday, State attorneys general are meeting with Justice  Department officials to discuss this, and if I were Google, I would be  a little bit nervous about that. I think it is fair to say that many of  these attorneys general have just about had it with some of these  online practices.   This particular scandal is interesting because it implicates both  antitrust concerns and the section 230 protections that are laid out in  the Communications Decency Act. Lately, we have heard quite a bit about  section 230, and we have already discussed at length whether it should  be left alone, reformed, or scrapped entirely.   When section 230 was implemented in the early days of the internet,  the vision was that it would shield emerging and new technology firms  from lawsuits. It would give them the ability to  [[Page S3294]]  kind of stand up, if you will. It would, in good faith, allow platforms  to remove content that they would find to be obscene, violent,  harassing, or otherwise objectionable even if the material would be  otherwise constitutionally protected speech. At the time, when all of  these businesses were in their infancies, when they were new starts,  this worked pretty well. Startups were allowed to innovate without  having to worry about lawsuits sending their companies into bankruptcy  or threatening their ability to raise venture capital, but, as I said  earlier, times have changed.   Now, as is the case with most policies involving Big Tech, heavy- handed government intervention will not fix this problem. Still, many  of my colleagues here in the Senate believe that using strict  legislation and policing speech is the only path to reform. I will tell  you, as someone who has been censored by a social media platform, I  fully appreciate and understand their points of view. Not only is it  frustrating to become a victim of that bias, but it is also so  disheartening to watch our country devolve into a place where people  would rather be shielded from debate than learn from the people with  whom they disagree.   You know, there used to be a time when you would engage your friends  who had different opinions than you. You would engage them and  participate in some point and counterpoint and have a friendly  discussion about your take on the issues. Yet, when it comes to reining  in Big Tech, the innovators have to be allowed to innovate. They need  some guardrails, but they do not need straightjackets.    This is the same approach I took when drafting the BROWSER Act, which  was the data privacy legislation I introduced in the Senate last year  but had worked on this since I had been in the House, and it is the  approach that we are taking with the bipartisan Tech Task Force.  Policies like these take a lot more time and a lot more one-on-one  communication to draft and to work through to a resolution, but they  are much better for the industry and innovation than something that is  purely punitive.   I am working closely with the White House and the Justice Department  on a series of changes to section 230 that will allow us to fix the  rules we have without having to start from scratch.   First, we can incentivize online platforms to address truly illicit  content by implementing three carve-outs that exempt specific  categories of speech from immunity. First, facilitating or soliciting  third-party activity that violates Federal criminal law--we call this  one the ``bad Samaritan carve-out''; second, content involving child  exploitation and abuse, terrorism, and cyber stalking; and third and  last, we will revoke that immunity if a platform is caught failing to  act when it has actual knowledge of or was provided with a court  judgment regarding unlawful content.   We also need to clarify once and for all that section 230 immunity  does not apply to actions brought by the Federal Government. But what  about those startups, those up-and-coming tech companies that are  looking for the next great idea? How will reform treat them differently  from the Facebooks and the Googles of the world?   What we can do is limit liability based on minimum platform user  thresholds. We would limit those section 230 protections to platforms  with fewer than 50 million American users. Just for reference, Google  has 259 million American users, Facebook has 221 million, and Twitter  has 64 million American users. Under this standard, a user alleging  harm would be able to move forward with a lawsuit against a platform  only if that platform's user threshold were above 50 million U.S. users  and a court has reasonable grounds to believe that the platform  contributed to the offending post or refused to act on it once  notified.   These are all simple changes that will rebalance the relationship  between online platforms and their customers, and we shouldn't delay in  our implementing them because the internet is more than just a place  where we post our status updates or photos of what we had for dinner;  the digital revolution fundamentally changed the way we live our lives,  consume the news, and interact with corporations, media outlets, and  our local governments.   We can't afford to let these platforms leverage their own biases to  arbitrarily decide who is allowed to speak or what information we are  allowed to consume, but we also can't afford to implement heavy-handed  policies that will inevitably collapse the entire industry.   I look forward to the Senate's continuing its work on this on both  the Commerce and Judiciary Committees.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   