 Mr. Chair, I want to start by thanking Chairwoman Waters  and the House Democratic Caucus for bringing this package of bills to  the House Floor, the Comprehensive CREDIT Act, which includes my bill,  the Free Credit Scores for Consumers Act. This bill would require the  three national consumer reporting agencies to include a free credit  score with a consumer's free annual credit report.    Under the current law, Mr. Chair, every consumer is entitled to a  free annual credit report from the three national credit reporting  agencies but not a credit score.   It is important for consumers to have free access to the three-digit  number that affects so much of their financial lives; yet too many  Americans do not actually even know what their credit score is, how it  is calculated, or where to find it. This bill would help remedy that  problem.   Critics may say that consumers can already receive a free credit  score online, but what they don't tell them is that these products use  your credit data to sell to third parties so they can, in turn, market  financial products back to you.   This bill allows consumers a one-stop shop to get their credit scores  directly from the credit reporting agencies who hold the information  that makes up those scores, no strings attached. Moreover, my bill  would require more financial literacy information about credit scores  and credit reports to be sent to consumers along with these reports.   I urge my colleagues on the other side to stand up for this bill, to  stand up for their constituents, and to allow consumers to take greater  control of their own financial data.   And do you know why they can do this? Because their constituents are  our constituents, and they have asked for this. So we are asking them  to vote ``yes'' on this piece of legislation.    Madam Speaker, I rise to claim the time in opposition.    Madam Speaker, the current credit reporting system is  broken and does not work for consumers, nor does this motion to  recommit.   Madam Speaker, I am going to take a few moments to address what my  colleague just said, to address his jangling discords of words.   Today, they are trying to slow down this bill. We have had four  hearings, two markups in this Congress alone. Never once did this come  up. And now they want to make it about false fears? Now they want to  make it about free speech and China?    Let me tell you something: We don't have free speech when credit  bureaus own our information and it is wrong.   Madam Speaker, the current credit reporting system is rigged in favor  of the credit reporting agencies, plain and simple. They have all the  power. They are accountable to no one. Ordinary American consumers are  not their customers but their products.   In 2017, Madam Speaker, one of the three credit reporting bureaus,  Equifax, exposed personal information of more than 148 million  Americans--nearly half the country--in the largest data breach ever,  and there was nothing that our constituents could have done about it to  protect or stop their sensitive personal information from being  exposed.   Even the ranking member of the Financial Services Committee admits  that the system is broken. But what was the response of my Republican  majority colleagues in 2017 when the American people found out that  their data was breached?   Did they bring any legislation to the floor to address it? Did they  bring anything to fix it? No.   Instead, they tried to repeal protections for people with preexisting  conditions in affordable healthcare. Instead, they passed massive tax  cuts for the 1 percent.   Well, there is a new Democratic majority in this Congress, and we are  acting to fix this broken system with the Comprehensive CREDIT Act.   I thank Congresswoman Maxine Waters.   There are few numbers as important to an individual as their credit  score. Whether you are applying for a home loan, an auto loan, a credit  card, or even applying for a job, a credit score plays a crucial role  in the financial lives of all Americans.   Despite its importance, the system is broken. The FTC found that 42  million consumers had errors found in their credit reports, and the  Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's complaint database shows that  the number one topic by consumers, 39 percent of all complaints, was  consumers reporting errors.   Do the credit reporting companies care? No, they do not. Why should  they? There is no incentive for them to care, because the consumers  have no say.   This package of bills would fundamentally overhaul the broken system  and give the power over credit files  [[Page H700]]  back to the consumers where it belongs. This package of bills is For  the People.   Madam Speaker, I stand with Congresswoman Ayanna Pressley and her  bill to remove predatory private education loan information from credit  files.   I stand with Congresswoman Tlaib and her bill to prohibit medical  debt to be reported to credit bureaus for 1 year.   I stand with Congressman Lynch and his bill to give regulators  oversight over credit scoring models.   I stand with Congressman Lawson and his bill to ensure employers  don't use credit files to discriminate in hiring decisions.   I stand with Congresswoman Adams and her bill to put the power to  dispute credit inaccuracies back into the hands of consumers.   And I stand for my bill to give consumers free access to their credit  scores directly from the three national credit reporting agencies, with  no strings attached.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to stand with us, stand with the  consumers. Support us and your constituents. Vote ``yes'' for this bill  and ``no'' on the MTR.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   