 Madam Speaker, I rise today to express my  strong support for the legislation we have been talking about today,  not only H.R. 2881, the Secure 5G and Beyond Act of 2020, but now, H.R.  4500, Promoting United States Wireless Leadership Act of 2019.   I want to commend my colleagues, the chair of the subcommittee,  Chairman Doyle, Ranking Member Latta, as well as my colleagues that I  have been working with, Representative Spanberger from Virginia, and  Representatives Dingell and Walberg from Michigan. We have come  together because we know that these two bipartisan bills are critically  important to secure our communications networks and protect our next- generation telecommunications systems and the mobile infrastructure in  the U.S. from dangerous foreign actors.   As the cofounder and the co-chair with my colleague from Michigan of  the 5G Caucus, we understand how important it is that our laws protect  5G innovation; but also how critically important it is to keep our  citizens and country safe.   I also represent a portion of Indianapolis, Indiana, an original test  site for 5G. Our city has seen the benefits of 5G firsthand and we are  continuing to see those benefits grow as we progress. Indianapolis was  the first city in the country where both Verizon and AT&T tested,  developed, and have deployed 5G technology.   Purdue University has partnered with these companies to create a 5G  acceleration zone that will serve as an incubator for research and  development in exciting new technologies for 5G. And that is why the  Secure 5G and Beyond Act of 2019 is so important, to protect the  country from potential cyber threats, while ensuring innovation  continues to move forward.   But we need the administration to develop a national strategy to  maximize the security of those 5G systems.   With the Promoting United States Wireless Leadership Act of 2019, it  will make sure that we are at the forefront; that the U.S. remains at  the forefront in the conversation by bringing appropriate industry and  government experts to the standards-body table.   As our world becomes even more interconnected through new  technologies and innovations than it already is today, it is important  that we ensure our national security and our global competitiveness  within these industries.   So I am proud to be an original cosponsor of both of these bills. I  urge our body to support securing the innovation of 5G while protecting  the competitiveness of U.S. companies and the privacy of U.S. citizens.   