 Mr. President, I was thinking a bit earlier today  about what we were doing at this time last year. We were busy hosting  Tennessee Tuesdays and welcoming Tennesseans and families and children  with such curiosity and bright eyes and lots of questions about our  Nation's government, about these beautiful buildings in which we work  every day, and about the job that we have in representing them. I like  that curiosity, and I like that energy that, generally, is brought to  our Chambers and to our work during the summertime. This year, things  really are a little bit different. I think it is a very worthwhile  exercise--and I appreciate that my colleagues are participating in this  exercise--to remind ourselves why this year is different.   The answer, of course, as to why is this year different is the  Chinese Communist Party. It is the one that is to be held responsible,  to be blamed for the sickness, the chaos, for this crisis that we have  had, which is a health, food, and financial crisis all rolled into one.  It has happened because of decisions that China made, decisions that  were made by the Chinese Communist Party's leadership.   There are some things that are the known knowns, if you will. They  are the things that we know happened as you look back over what has  happened with COVID-19.   What we know is this: On December 31, 2019, government officials in  Wuhan, China, confirmed they were monitoring the spread of a disease  that looked a lot like pneumonia. They didn't know exactly what it was.  It didn't have all the markers, but a lot. But on New Year's Eve, they  let us know: Hey, we have a problem out here. Just days later, they  confirmed it was caused by a novel virus that had infected dozens of  people. We now know it was hundreds of people.   It wasn't until January 23, however, that authorities shut off Wuhan  from the rest of the country. By this time, the virus was spreading  like wildfire. Let's pay close attention to what I just said. They shut  off Hubei Province, they shut off Wuhan not from the rest of the world,  not from other countries, but from the rest of China. Don't you dare go  anywhere else in our country. This is contagious.  [[Page S4380]]    Now, as if that 23-day gap wasn't bad enough, credible watchdog  reports revealed that the CCP--Chinese Communist Party--lied--they lied  to global health officials about the danger posed by the virus for not  just a day or two while they figured it out but for 51 days before they  sounded the alarm and said: Listen up. Pandemic. Pandemic. Fifty-one  days. This deception allowed a regional outbreak to spread into a  global pandemic that has so far killed more than 140,000 Americans.   It would be easy to chalk all of this up to incompetence and  overwhelmed bureaucrats, but every Member of this body knows that is  not what happened. That is why, over the past few weeks, more and more  of my colleagues here in the Senate have agreed to support legislation  that will allow Americans to hold China accountable for the destruction  caused by the pandemic.   On Monday, Senator McSally introduced the Civil Justice for Victims  of COVID Act--a bill that I am very pleased to support and to be a  cosponsor. This bill contains elements of my Stop COVID Act, which I  introduced earlier this year. It would strip Chinese officials of their  sovereign immunity for reckless actions that caused the pandemic and  would give our Federal courts the authority to hear claims that China  has caused or contributed to the COVID-19 pandemic. This is not an  unusual step. We did this after 9/11 for the 9/11 families. What we  would do is give them the opportunity to go to court and make their  case--hold China accountable.   It is time for this body to reject the artificial backstops that some  of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle use to protect China  from criticism, and I encourage those colleagues to ask themselves:  What are you afraid will happen if we hold China accountable for what  they have done? What do you fear?   We have known for years that Beijing uses every tool in its toolbox  to spy on us. Look at what we have learned about Huawei. They embed the  chips in the hardware. You do not know they are there until they  activate. We know they steal our intellectual property. Look at what  they have done to the music industry, to the entertainment industry, to  publishers, and to automotive engineers. China--they can't innovate  their way to success, so what do they do? They steal their way to  success, and then they lie about it.   China continues to cause chaos on the international stage. Look at  their work pushing into the South China Sea. Look at what they have  done to the freedom fighters in Hong Kong. Look at how they act and how  they pressure and try to stifle Taiwan. This is standard operating  procedure for the Chinese Communist Party.   Now, because they chose to lie and not come forward, we have more  than 140,000 Americans who are dead. Millions more have lost their  jobs, and they have lost their sense of community. How much further are  we willing to let this go? I will tell you this: As I, every single  day, talk to Tennesseans about China and what has happened with China  and how China has not been an honest broker, not only in this but for  decades, Tennesseans have had enough.   I yield the floor.   