 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume,  and I thank Representative McGovern for yielding me the customary 30  minutes.   Madam Speaker, the rule before us today, the Senate amendment to H.R.  2486, contains the text of two pieces of legislation, H.R. 2214 and  H.R. 5581, along with the Senate version of the Affordable  Prescriptions for Patients Act of 2019 as a pay-for.   Also included are S.J. Res. 68, a resolution to direct the removal of  United States Armed Forces from hostilities against the Islamic  Republic of Iran, and H.R. 6172, the USA FREEDOM Reauthorization Act.   By combining all of these bills together, Democrats have prohibited  the minority, meaning the Republicans, the ability to offer a motion to  recommit on the floor. The only thing I can think of is that I guess  they are afraid we might pass our seventh MTR, as we passed one last  week.   H.R. 2214 eviscerates the President's ability, under the law, to  limit who may legally enter the United States. President Trump has  utilized existing law to determine which countries fail to meet  international standards of information sharing or identity management,  or were at a high risk of terrorism or public safety concern, and the  executive orders he issued reflected that determination. The majority  is now seeking to prevent the President from ever using that authority  again.    The bill terminates the executive orders currently in place and  ceases ``all actions taken pursuant to any proclamation or executive  order terminated'' by the bill, which means that all information  sharing on terrorists, criminals, and other security threats would  cease.   The seven countries specifically targeted with travel restrictions in  Executive Order 13769 were actually countries that were determined by  Congress and the Obama administration to be countries of particular  concern for terrorism activity.   This bill contains onerous reporting and consultation requirements  that would effectively prevent the President from acting quickly in the  event quick action would be needed.   For example, H.R. 2214 requires consultation between only the  Secretary of State and the Secretary of Homeland Security. However,  this does not cover many emergencies the President needs to respond to.   For example, in the event of a disease outbreak, including the novel  coronavirus, the Centers for Disease Control would need to be consulted  with respect to suspending entry of certain populations.   The combined rule also includes H.R. 5581. This legislation would  require the Department of Homeland Security to ensure that every  individual who is subject to a secondary inspection would be guaranteed  access to counsel or anyone of their choosing within an hour.   This definitely would have serious logistical and practical  consequences for CBP's ability to quickly and efficiently screen  travelers and carry out the mission of facilitating unlawful trade and  travel. CBP conducts over 17 million secondary inspections each year.   Can you imagine that, for every car, a CBP officer is looking at a  screen, when there is the X-ray machine of the car, and they radio over  to the CBP officer at the port of entry and say: ``Hey, look in the  trunk''? Then, they would have to wait an hour if the person objects  and says, ``Oh, I want counsel,'' or, ``I want my relative to come  within an hour.'' I mean, this is just way onerous.   This combined rule also contains S.J. Res. 68, a resolution to direct  the removal of the United States Armed Forces from hostilities against  the Islamic Republic of Iran.   First, I want to note that Secretary Pompeo testified in front of the  House Foreign Affairs Committee that ``we are not'' engaged in  hostilities against Iran. Thus, the joint resolution is unnecessary.   While Congress has a constitutional duty to authorize the use of  military force, we should not be issuing blanket prohibitions without  taking the time to develop an appropriate Authorization for Use of  Military for the Middle East.   The net effect of the bill may be to make many U.S. counterterrorism  operations in the Middle East illegal. Rather than handcuffing our  Armed Forces, we should be providing them with the tools they need to  effectively combat terrorism against America and Americans abroad.   Lastly, this rule contains H.R. 6172, the USA FREEDOM Reauthorization  Act. This bill reauthorizes expiring provisions necessary to defend the  United States, while also including significant reforms to the Foreign  Intelligence Surveillance Act to restore accountability.   In order to ensure that past FISA abuses, like those against Carter  Page, never happen again, numerous reforms are included to protect the  American people from both terrorist threats and government overreach.   For example, the bill requires the Attorney General to transmit rules  to ensure that FISA applications are accurate and complete. The  Attorney General would also be required to approve, in writing, a FISA  investigation of an elected official or a Federal candidate.   Also, the FISA court will now transcribe hearings, with DOJ giving  FISA applications and relevant materials to Congress in a timely  manner, to ensure we can conduct appropriate oversight.   It also creates a new division within DOJ, a compliance officer, that  will specifically look at these FISA applications to make sure they are  accurate.   Although I am pleased with much of the FISA reform bill, it is  unfortunate that it is included with a lot of other bills in this rule,  controversial bills that I don't like. Therefore, I urge opposition to  the rule, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from  Oklahoma (Mr. Cole), my good friend.    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman from Oklahoma.    Madam Speaker, before I yield time to my friend, I want  to point out again that Mr. Cole has been here a long time, and when he  says to the public on the floor that when Republicans used this process  of combining the bills together in a rule that it was to expedite it  over to the Senate, I believe him. And so I believe that their  motivation is different, and that is to prevent the minority from  having a motion to recommit.    Madam Speaker, I yield 10 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr.  Woodall), my good friend.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. McCarthy).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. McCarthy).    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   We have obviously had a heated debate today, and it has been  interesting. Of course, we disagree on a number of things.   Madam Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will amend the  rule to immediately bring to the floor Leader McCarthy's bill, H.R.  6177, which would require Members of Congress to disclose delinquent  tax liabilities and wage garnishments.   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment in the Record, along with extraneous material, immediately  prior to the vote on the previous question.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Rodney Davis) to further explain the amendment and the  leader's bill.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   In closing, I urge my Democratic colleagues to bring to the floor  border security measures that will help us help those who are truly in  danger and in need of asylum. We can all agree these are issues that  need to be fixed. Now let's work together for all our constituents to  get things fixed.   Madam Speaker, I urge ``no'' on the previous question, ``no'' on the  underlying measure, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   