 Mr. President, I have to tell you, every day, I am  hearing from Tennesseans who are asking what we are going to do about  COVID relief. It is coming up in nearly every conversation that I  have--with our county mayors, with citizens, with employers and  employees; conversations with those who have lost their jobs through no  fault of their own. Why can't we get something done?   The phones really started ringing last week when Speaker Pelosi, the  Speaker of the House, accidentally revealed that it was politics and  not principle that convinced her to spend months--months--standing  between the American people and targeted relief that they are asking  for and that they desperately need. It was politics--all politics to  her. People were pawns that she was moving around, trying to get her  way.   It is disgusting. It is a tragedy. But I will tell you this: It is  nothing new. In fact, since July, Democrats have continuously blocked  efforts to provide targeted relief. The minority leader obstructed  these efforts in the hopes of passing a $3 trillion bill. That is  right, trillion--$3 trillion bill. It was filled to the brim with  partisan proposals that had nothing do with the pandemic and a bailout  for fiscally irresponsible States and cities.   Tennesseans are very much opposed to having their hard-earned dollars  that are tax dollars that come to the Federal Government used to bail  out States that have chosen not to be fiscally responsible. They say:  Above all else, do not bail out these States, these cities, these  pension funds.   Let's be clear to the American people. It is the Speaker of the House  and the minority leader who are holding noncontroversial relief--they  are holding it hostage. There should be another round of PPP. There  should be another increase, a plus-up, of unemployment. There should be  more money for vaccines, testing, and getting children back to school.  But, oh, no. For months, what did they want to do? Play politics. Play  politics with people's lives. If that isn't the most tone-deaf thing  that I have ever heard, I don't know what is. Perhaps some of my  friends across the aisle should check their mail and make certain that  their office phones are being answered. People are quite upset with  them.   It doesn't stop there. I wish it did. It only gets worse. In the  fall, the Democrats filibustered targeted relief proposals not once but  twice and rejected  [[Page S7411]]  a much needed extension of the Paycheck Protection Program almost as  soon as it was proposed. This month, more of the same. Their refusal to  negotiate in good faith has made it abundantly clear to the business  owners, the healthcare providers, and millions of other struggling  Americans that partisan grandstanding is more of a priority for  Democrats than doing their jobs.   The American people are not pawns, and it is time my colleagues in  the minority stopped treating them as such. The House Speaker and  Senate Democrats might have all the time in the world to stall. Maybe  they are pretty comfortable with where they are. But outside of this  Chamber, for a lot of our families and small businesses that are  struggling, it is the eleventh hour. Now is not the moment to strong- arm the U.S. Senate into rubberstamping a radical liberal wish list. It  is time to step up and deliver relief--targeted relief, relief we all  agree will mean the difference between survival for many of these small  businesses and economic collapse; money and support for vaccines;  another full round of PPP funding for the businesses that need it most;  and support for our frontline heroes and essential workers.   This bullet list of absolute essentials must also include reasonable,  responsible liability protections for small businesses and healthcare  workers. These protections are the flip side of relief funding. Without  them, we take these business owners and workers out of one bad  situation and put them right into another one. Without them, we  effectively force entire industries to choose between economic survival  or, in the case of healthcare workers, literal survival and death by  opportunistic lawsuits. We can't allow this to happen.   One of the things that I have noticed this past year is how critical  it is for us to be able to articulate problems and lay the foundation  to address them before an emergency strikes.   In Tennessee, as in many other States, the number of people who live  in rural and remote areas poses challenges when it comes to providing a  variety of services that we all consider essential, chiefly among them,  healthcare delivery and access to high-speed internet. I have worked  with healthcare practitioners and advocates to cut a path forward for  the widespread use of telemedicine.   Last year, I introduced the Rural Health Agenda to increase access to  healthcare for the 60 million Americans who leave in rural areas. A  crucial component of that legislative package was a set of provisions  that lifted unnecessary regulatory barriers standing in the way of  access to telemedicine. As always, it is the redtape that slows up  progress. The pandemic only highlighted the importance of opening up  contact-free access to healthcare.   Fortunately, in March, after a lot of meetings with the White House  and Medicare and Medicaid Services Administrator Seema Verma, we were  able to roll back a particularly frustrating regulation preventing the  use of telemedicine by Medicare enrollees.   Provisions I supported as part of the CARES Act further expanded  access to telemedicine by removing even more of that redtape and  providing funding for reimbursement to frontline healthcare providers.   Of course, access to telehealth and access to high-speed internet go  hand in hand. You can't really have one without the other.   This week, I learned that the FCC, as a result of the recent Rural  Digital Opportunity Fund auction, has now made some great steps, and  Tennessee is going to receive about $150 million to help close the  digital divide over the next decade. These new connections will be a  game changer for rural and underserved communities. Not only will they  open up access to telehealth, distance learning, and remote work  opportunities, they will open up the local economy and encourage growth  and outside investment because these dollars are targeted to unserved  areas.   This award, coupled with CARES Act funding put to work earlier this  year, will help us build on our prepandemic work on behalf of rural and  unserved Americans.   The Internet Exchange Act, a bipartisan bill I sponsored to provide  grant funding for broadband infrastructure, recently reported out of  our Commerce Committee.   The pieces are, indeed, falling into place, and, hopefully, we can  keep the momentum going and finally get this job done: closing the  digital divide, providing everyone with access to high-speed internet  and allowing communities that have been cut off from economic  development, from telehealth, from remote learning to enhanced law  enforcement--allowing them to benefit.   It is not just a matter of connectivity or convenience. It is an  investment in a better quality of life for all Americans who call the  rural parts of this country home.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   