 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to urge that  we come together and resume negotiations on a comprehensive, bipartisan  COVID relief package--the kind of package that this country has been  calling for.   Today, nearly 200,000 Americans, including 436 Granite Staters, have  died from COVID-19, and we still have as many as 40,000 new cases each  day in this country--enough people to fill a baseball stadium each day.  As a result, our economy continues to struggle, with nearly 30 million  Americans still out of work and more than 1 million filing new  applications for unemployment each week. Many Americans have been  forced to raid their retirement savings just to pay rent and put food  on the table--and that is for those people who actually have retirement  savings. Sadly, too many people do not.   The President's recent Executive orders have many State unemployment  officers tied up in knots. Those orders affect Social Security and  Medicare, and they provide no new help for the nearly 13 million  households who could be at risk of eviction in the coming months.  [[Page S5626]]    Unfortunately, the Trump administration and Majority Leader McConnell  have refused to recognize that too many Americans are still suffering  and still need help.   It has been 4 months since the House of Representatives passed the  Heroes Act--a bill to provide assistance to Americans who are in need.  Instead of negotiating a bipartisan bill, as we did with the CARES Act  back in March, Leader McConnell has released partisan legislation-- written in secret--that is woefully inadequate and ignores many of the  problems I am hearing about from Granite Staters.   Not surprisingly, the bill that was put on the floor last week--the  so-called skinny bill because it didn't provide the kind of help so  many people need--that bill failed. I opposed that skinny bill because  I didn't believe it came close to addressing the public health and  economic issues that our country is facing. It provided no funding for  hospitals or healthcare providers on the frontlines, and the nursing  home and hospital staff I talk to in New Hampshire tell me that more  financial support is needed to stem the financial losses from this  pandemic.   New Hampshire hospitals have already experienced more than $550  million in lost revenue statewide, and they don't see an end this year.  Losses of that magnitude are unsustainable, and the skinny bill that we  voted on last week would not have addressed those losses.   That proposal provided no support for State and local governments  that are facing severe budgetary shortfalls. The State of New Hampshire  expects to experience a budget shortfall of nearly $540 million, over  half a billion dollars. That is about a 20-percent drop in State  revenues.   In the city of Manchester, which is our largest city, they expect to  spend $11 million between this year and next related to COVID-19  expenses--money they hadn't budgeted for. They had hoped that some of  those expenses would get reimbursed by FEMA, but under the recent order  from the administration, FEMA is being told to no longer reimburse  those expenses.   So what I am hearing from mayors and municipal leaders in New  Hampshire is that they are soon going to have to face some very  difficult choices about whether they are going to have to cut essential  services like trash collection and water and sewer and whether they are  going to have to lay off teachers and firefighters and police officers.   The bill we voted on last week, that skinny bill, provided no  financial help for families struggling to pay the bills and put food on  the table. There was no help in there to feed kids, nothing to address  broadband needs--the needs that we have seen in New Hampshire for  telehealth and for remote learning. We have significant parts of our  State and significant communities where we have students who don't have  access to technology to do remote learning.   There wasn't nearly enough to help with testing and contact tracing  and no real assistance for the Postal Service even as it faces  bankruptcy.   Funding for schools in that skinny bill? That was tied to whether the  students are going in person or learning remotely. Well, in New  Hampshire, we believe those kinds of decisions should not be made in  Washington; they should be made by States and local school districts.  If local school districts don't feel they can bring kids back safely,  then they shouldn't be forced to do that just to get the help they need  to ensure that kids can go to school safely.   I think the American public wants results. They want a bipartisan,  comprehensive bill so we can address the needs of Granite Staters and  the people of this country. That is what I am fighting for, and I  believe it is past time for people to come to the negotiating table so  we can get that done.   What we have seen during this pandemic is unemployment levels that we  have not had in this country since the Great Depression. We need to  provide additional unemployment benefits for people who need those  dollars so that they can continue to pay their rent, their mortgages,  put food on the table, and pay their bills. We need to make sure this  emergency relief continues to be available to Granite Staters.   Small businesses need a second round of PPP loans, which would  prioritize those smallest businesses and those industries that have  been hardest hit by this pandemic, industries like tourism and the  hospitality sector.   We need to provide support to our live venues. I recently visited the  Bank of New Hampshire Stage in Concord, our capital. I heard firsthand  how their business has been affected by the pandemic and the ripple  effect that has on all live entertainment venues, on the performers who  depend on those venues to be able to support themselves and the other  members who are part of their performances.   We need to make sure that childcare centers are supported. I was  visiting a small business, a restaurant that has two locations in New  Hampshire--one in Portsmouth and one in Epping. The business is called  Popovers. It is very popular. What I heard from them is that the PPP  loans had made a huge difference. They were able to keep some of their  employees on. But as they are looking to the fall, they are worried  about whether those employees are going to be able to come back full  time because they don't have access to childcare and they are not sure  whether schools are going to be remotely or in person. We need to  provide help so that those businesses can get their employees back to  work and people can continue to support their families.   We need a comprehensive bill that provides emergency housing relief  and food assistance to Granite Staters.   We should support our counties and towns that are experiencing  historic drops in revenues and that desperately need help to continue  providing the most basic services--schools, firefighters, police, trash  collection, water and sewer, and wastewater treatment--because those  have been dramatically affected by the loss in revenue.   Of course, we urgently need assistance for our nursing homes and for  our long-term care facilities, which in New Hampshire account for more  than 80 percent of the COVID-19 deaths, the highest percentage in the  country.   We need an answer from the administration as to why they are not  disbursing the funds that Congress directed. For instance, the CARES  Act provided up to $200 million for nursing home infection control  efforts. To date, only $17 million of that has been sent out to those  long-term care facilities that need it.   On top of that, HHS has only spent about half of the $16 billion that  Congress provided for the acquisition of personal protective equipment  and other medical supplies. Nursing facilities and providers across the  care system in New Hampshire desperately need this help, and they need  it now.   We had a hearing this morning in the HHS Appropriations Subcommittee,  and I had a chance to ask some of the officials from HHS about why they  have not distributed these funds. And, of course, the answer they gave  me was this: Well, we don't know. That is not part of our  responsibility.   Well, that is part of everybody's responsibility--to ensure that  funds that Congress has provided get distributed in a way that Congress  has said they should be distributed, because we have people across this  country who need that help and they need it now.   We need a comprehensive bill to help treatment and recovery centers  for those who are still struggling with substance use disorders,  because we have seen this crisis worsen during the pandemic. We had  been seeing deaths go down from overdoses in New Hampshire, and since  the pandemic, we are beginning to see those numbers go up again.   This isn't a problem that is unique to New Hampshire. I heard Senator  Capito in the hearing earlier this morning talking about the challenges  that West Virginia is facing. It has become more critical than ever  that Congress provide substantial funding for substance-use disorder  treatment and prevention.   We need real support for the post office, which was lacking from that  skinny bill last week. The Postal Service is the only Federal agency  mentioned in the Constitution, and every community in New Hampshire and  the United States relies on its essential services, especially those  States that have rural communities. A lot of rural communities in New  Hampshire don't have access to the internet. They depend on the post  office for communications going in and out and the packages that go in  and out. What I am hearing from Granite Staters is that there are  Postal Service delays that are affecting  [[Page S5627]]  their ability to pay their bills and to receive medications, and that  small businesses are not able to complete their transactions. Congress  has a responsibility to enact legislation that will restore timely  delivery and fully fund the Postal Service.   Finally, we need to ensure that the Census Bureau has the time  necessary to execute a complete and accurate 2020 count. You know, it  has been interesting to me to see the efforts of this administration to  try and politicize the census, because this is no red State or blue  State problem. The States with the lowest percentage of households that  have been counted during the census are Alabama, Montana, Mississippi,  Louisiana, Georgia, and South Carolina. They are mostly in the South,  but not all. We must give the Census Bureau time to make a complete and  accurate count by including a statutory delay for the apportionment and  redistricting count that is part of any package before we go home. This  is something that the Census Bureau asked us for last spring, and it is  something that we should make sure they receive, even though under  political pressure they changed their request.   Bipartisanship on these priorities is possible. We were able to  negotiate the CARES Act legislation that passed the Senate by a vote of  96 to 0. We did it before. We can do this again because that is how  government is supposed to work. We are supposed to come together and  negotiate and deliver for the American people.   Probably the most often heard remark that I hear in New Hampshire is  this: Why can't you just all work together to address the needs of this  country?   That is what we should be doing around everything, and it is what we  should be doing around responding to this coronavirus.   We should not recess until we can get a bill to the President's desk.  We were sent here to do a job. We have an obligation to get it done.  The foot dragging has gone on for far too long. Brinksmanship should  end because time is running out on the needs of the American people.   I yield the floor.   