 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6395, the  William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for  Fiscal Year 2021. I am proud it passed unanimously out of committee,  and I am grateful it bears the name of a public servant who has fought  tirelessly for our men and women in uniform and whose steady, wise  leadership has made such a difference. This legislation is a fitting  tribute to his enduring legacy.   As the ranking member of the Tactical Air and Land Forces  Subcommittee, I thank our subcommittee chairman,   Donald Norcross, for  his strong spirit of bipartisanship. I would also like to thank the  subcommittee staff--Jesse Tolleson; Bill Sutey; Heath Bope; Carla  Zeppieri; Liz Griffin; and Caroline Kehrli; my personal military  legislative director, Chrissi Lee; and Tom Spellman, my military  fellow--for their hard work on this legislation.   Within the subcommittee's jurisdiction, this bill recommends  authorization of over $118 billion in needed modernization funding  required for our competitive advantage against strategic peer  competitors such as Russia and China.   For example, the bill rightfully supports the appropriate mix of  fourth- and fifth-generation strike fighters by authorizing funding for  79 F-35 Joint Strike Fighters, 12 F-15EX aircraft, and 24 F/A-18 Super  Hornets, including additional funding for advanced procurement to help  mitigate current Navy strike shortfalls.   The bill authorizes the necessary funding to support the Army's big  six modernization priorities to include long-range precision fires and  future vertical lift, all of which are critical in support of the  national defense strategy and for credible deterrence.   I am pleased the bill also requires more detailed certifications and  justification for decisions relating to retiring critical airborne ISR  platforms without a suitable replacement to better manage operational  risk to the warfighter.   Outside the subcommittee's jurisdiction, I am pleased this bill  includes language directing the Department to develop a strategy for  the use of chaplains and nonprofit post-traumatic growth organizations  as a behavioral healthcare option for our servicemembers and also  report analyzing the risk to U.S. servicemembers due to the dependence  on China for our troops' pharmaceutical needs.   The NDAA has always been and should continue to be a product of  bipartisan consensus. Putting our troops first and providing them with  the resources, equipment, training, and support they need should always  be our top priority as Members of Congress.  [[Page H3325]]  This is why I have concerns and would oppose any amendment that would  effectively cut the defense budget by 10 percent. A cut this size  equates to approximately $73 billion, almost twice that of the fiscal  year 2013 sequester.   We have worked hard over the past several years to repair the damage  from sequestration. Now is not the time to go backwards.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this misguided  amendment.   I am amazed that there are Members of Congress who want to limit the  amount of information we receive to make important funding decisions  for our national security.   Congress has the power of the purse. Congress has the responsibility  to make the tough funding decisions. In order to do that, we need the  information available.   We should not be a rubber stamp for the Pentagon. Contrary to what  the amendment's sponsor said, unfunded requirements lists do not  increase the size of the military's budget. We, as Members of Congress,  must find offsets if we want to fund a requirement on the list.   For example, in the budget request, the Air Force made significant  cuts to intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance programs. Almost  every COCOM unfunded requirements list had ISR capabilities as a  critical requirement and operational need. This committee, after  conducting careful oversight, made the decision to restore funding for  those programs based on the identified needs of our combatant  commanders.   We did not pull the money out of thin air. We found places in the  budget request to cut to support these programs and minimize near-term  operational risk.   All this amendment does is limit the information Congress receives  from the military services, to include the National Guard.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage Members to oppose this amendment.   