 Mr. President, I first thank my friend, Senator  Leahy, for allowing me to speak, for we are all dealing with the  Committee on the Judiciary.   I ask unanimous consent that Senator Leahy be recognized as soon as I  finish my brief remarks.    Mr. President, I want to say just a couple of things  to Tennesseans and to Americans.   All are expressing their rage and grief over the murder of George  Floyd  [[Page S2667]]  in Minnesota. I will tell you that this event of May 25 cannot be  written off as a simple use of force or as being unfortunate or  regrettable. We all know that, on that day, George Floyd was killed by  a police officer while other officers looked on and heard his begging  for life and his cries for help. The officers responsible should be  prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.   I offer my prayers and condolences to the Floyd family, just as so  many other Members of this Chamber have done, and I support the  President's call for the Justice Department to investigate this death.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator  Braun and I be allowed to complete our remarks prior to the rollcall  votes.    Mr. President, I have to say that Tennesseans are  enjoying being out and about. They are so thrilled to see the restart  of our economy. Whether you are going to hair salons, restaurants,  shopping centers, office parks, or manufacturing facilities, what we  are hearing from Tennesseans is: Thank goodness we can get back to  work. They are grateful that they have had the PPP to help them bridge  from the shutdown to the restart. There has been $8.8 billion that has  made its way into our State through the PPP program, and our Governor,  our Tennessee General Assembly, and our mayors are really working  diligently to be certain that our economy opens up, that people are at  work safely, and that we continue to defeat this COVID-19.   Over the past few months, we have seen Congress push forward, putting  about $3 trillion into the economy for a restart, and State and local  governments have already put over $139 billion worth of aid to good use  by supporting local healthcare, helping to rescue businesses, and  keeping companies working and local payrolls going--keeping people on  the job.   Our Governor and general assembly in Tennessee have just announced a  new program that they are doing in conjunction with local businesses.  Now, imagine for a moment what it was like to watch the economy tumble  from the perspective of a community that was already struggling and  trying to make ends meet. The pandemic caused catastrophic damage to  the traditional economy and also to many of the service organizations  that were there to meet needs. In Tennessee, as in many States,  struggling communities depend on these nonprofit groups. This is why we  fought so hard to include eligibility for nonprofits in the rescue  funding packages.   I will tell you that this is making a difference in Tennessee for  some of our nonprofit organizations, like the East Tennessee-based  Appalachia Service Project. ASP teams travel throughout Central  Appalachia. They repair homes for low-income families. Mayors in the  communities that ASP visit are running on tight budgets, and they  depend on volunteers to fix up unsafe or uninhabitable homes. You can  only imagine how it felt to the people at ASP to watch their funding  evaporate, knowing that the leaky roof that needed attention over in  Sneedville would end up turning into a rotten floor and a moldy wall  and would be a safety hazard for the individuals who lived there.  Fortunately, ASP was able to get an SBA loan that gave it a little bit  of breathing room. Although it has had to cancel its volunteer program,  its essential staff and contractors will be able to continue working  all through the summer.   The various rescue programs that Congress agreed to implement were  not perfect by any means, but did they have a positive effect? From  what we are hearing in Tennessee, they did, and they have been put to  good use.   I yield the floor.   