 Mr. President, it is such an honor to be here and to  join my colleagues in paying tribute to Senator Alexander today. As you  can see, there are many who want to speak and have a few words to say.   Now, I think all of us wish that we could do this to a background of  music with Lamar playing the piano. That would definitely be the proper  setting. But I am so pleased to stand and to honor the three terms of  service that he has had here in this body and the way he has touched  the lives not only of individuals in this body but millions of  Tennesseans.   We know that he has--and he has talked about it in his remarks-- worked with educators; he has worked with innovators; he has worked  with the healthcare community; and he has worked, yes, with  entertainers, many of whom hold him so dear and who call Tennessee  home. In fact, when I was serving in the House and representing  Tennessee's 7th Congressional District, so many times I would look over  here and I would think ``What is Lamar not working on today?'' because  he always had such a broad portfolio of issues that were demanding his  attention. And what we know is he accepted that work to address that  broad portfolio of issues.   His commitment for caring for the needs of all Tennesseans has really  manifested itself in what Tennesseans like to see as a lifelong legacy  that has really changed lives. As Governor, he worked to streamline our  State's government, was very successful in those efforts, and he  brought that desire to streamline government with him when he came to  the Senate. Indeed, this is work that has benefited all Tennesseans and  all Americans.   As Governor of Tennessee, he was very successful in working to  persuade Nissan automotive to come into our State. This started a new  impact on our State with the auto industry. Then, as the auto industry  needed suppliers, he turned his attention to infrastructure to make  certain that the roads, the highways, the access that were necessary  were there to encourage this business.   As the former Secretary of Education under President George H. W.  Bush, he couldn't not put his personal touch on education policy,  working tirelessly, as he said, to fix No Child Left Behind. This  earned him the first-ever James Madison Award.   He has a reputation for, indeed, being a go-to lawmaker, and as  chairman of HELP here in the Senate, he put a spotlight on the issues  that affect the most sensitive aspects of Tennesseans' lives, again  benefiting all Americans.   I like the fact that he talked about bipartisanship and productivity.  Between 2015 and 2019, during his term of service at HELP, he has  reported 45 bills out of his committee that have become law--45 bills.  As he mentioned, one of those was 21st Century Cures. As a Member in  the House and working on originating this bill, we had said: We are  going to make this bipartisan. And, indeed, we did, and we moved it  from the House to the Senate. And yes, indeed, there were some days we  thought: This is never going to happen. But, indeed, Senator Alexander  insisted, and, yes, it did happen.   He mentioned the Music Modernization Act, and I will tell you, this  is vitally important to Tennesseans. As we worked this through the  House and then it hit some bumps in the road, Senator Alexander and  Senator Hatch did such a great job of pushing this forward here in the  Senate.   Then, last September, the Nashville Songwriters Association  International awarded him the White Hat Award, which is what they give  to legislators who have made a significant impact on the entertainment  and music community.   Well, the highlight reel would be too long to cover in one speech.  There are many who are waiting to express their thanks.   So, with that, I yield the floor.   