 MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the  gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. Norton), and my good  friend, for her years of leadership on this bill. She is not only the  author of the bill, but of this historic day for our democracy.   For the first time in a generation, the House will vote today on  whether hundreds of thousands of American citizens will finally have  their voices counted in Congress.   We will vote to honor the most fundamental principles of this Nation  and for which a revolution was launched: no taxation without  representation and consent of the governed.   I can think of no more honorable or patriotic endeavor than taking up  this legislation today to give the people of the District the same  rights enjoyed by hundreds of millions of other Americans across our  country.   The United States is a democracy, but its capital is not. The United  States is the only democratic country that denies both voting rights in  the national legislature and local self-government to the people of the  capital. That is wrong and violates everything we stand for as  Americans.   The District pays more in Federal taxes than 22 States and more per  capita than any State. Think about that. It pays more than nearly half  the States in this country, yet D.C. residents have no vote in  Congress, and that is wrong.   The people of the District have been fighting for equal rights for  more than 200 years. In 2016, an overwhelming 86 percent of D.C.  residents voted for statehood.   President Trump's recent decision to deploy thousands of Federal law  enforcement officers in D.C. against residents peacefully exercising  their constitutionally-protected right to protest, and without the  consent of the District's elected officials, demonstrated the urgent  need for full local government and congressional representation.   Unfortunately, so far, Republicans have opposed our effort, and the  President made clear exactly why: they would rather deny voting rights  for hundreds of thousands of American citizens than even consider the  possibility that representatives from the new State could be Democrats.   Now, think about that argument. They are willing to violate the core  principles of our democracy merely because they may be from a different  political party. This argument is anti-democratic and un-American.    MALONEY of New York. The questions for Republicans  are these: Do they truly believe in taxation without representation? Do  they truly believe in States' rights? Do they truly believe the Federal  Government should stay out of local affairs? If they do, then join us  and act on these beliefs today. This bill should be bipartisan.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge every Member to vote on H.R. 51 for the  soon-to-be 51st State of our great country.   