 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to complete my  remarks prior to the vote.    Mr. President, it is interesting to hear my  colleagues talk about China and COVID and our response. I think many of  us looked at 2019 and felt like that was really a significant year for  U.S.-China relations. It marked the 40th anniversary of bilateral  diplomatic relations between Washington and Beijing, and we also  finalized a phase 1 trade deal.   This led many of us to being optimistic, but remember that 2019 also  marked the 70th anniversary of Chairman Mao's ascension to the  chairmanship of the Chinese Communist Party and the 30th anniversary of  the massacre at Tiananmen Square.   When you start asking questions about that history and how it has  informed the decisions of current Chinese leadership, the capitalist  facade that has been so carefully constructed by the propagandists in  Beijing starts to peel away, and it starts to crack.   After decades of espionage, military aggression, and horrific  political violence inflicted on their own people, many here in  Washington have grown numb to Chinese hostility. They kind of expect or  accept that is the way they are going to act. That is the only  explanation I could come up with for the shock that rippled through  this town when we discovered that the Chinese Communist Party spent 51  days muzzling the doctors, lawyers, and journalists who desperately  tried to warn the rest of the world about the growing threat from the  novel coronavirus.   Our relationship with China has reached a tipping point. We will  never be able to go back to what had been that cautious optimism that  we had in 2019.   Fortunately, it looks like both my colleagues here in Washington and  many of our allies are allowing themselves to process the threat posed  by Beijing's standard operating procedures. The UK has banned the use  of equipment from Chinese tech giant Huawei for their ongoing 5G  rollout, and France has implemented policies that restrict the use of  Huawei's products. These decisions are giving some hope to the people I  am talking to back in Tennessee every single day. They are happy to see  that allies are following in our footsteps. This is a good thing. It is  an opportunity for us to role-model how you work to unravel a  relationship with an aggressor.   They would also want me to tell you that they appreciate the Senate's  growing bipartisan support for legislation like my SAMC Act, which will  secure our pharmaceutical supply chains from Chinese interference, and  Senator McSally's Civil Justice for Victims of COVID Act, which will  allow Americans harmed by this pandemic to sue the Chinese Communist  Party officials in U.S. court.   But we all know that there is no single-shot bill we can use to  decouple from China and put control back in the hands of American  businesses, educators, institutions, and innovators. We have to begin  to unravel these ties with China. Now, there are a lot of people in  this town who think that this is impossible, and they will say: Oh,  that is ill-advised. You do not want to try to unravel from China.   I think they are wrong, and I think that we can and we must do this.  But lipservice is not going to cut it. Over the past few months we have  talked at length about what needs to be done, but, with few exceptions,  we are light on specifics. So last Wednesday I published a white paper  laying out the current state of affairs between the United States and  China and talked about what got us to this position. Then, I have 120  specific policy recommendations that Congress can use as a basis for  future legislation, whether it is trade or agriculture or  telecommunications or 5G or our military complex. I would like to use  my remaining time to lay out a few of these recommendations as a place  to start.   By now most Americans are at least familiar with the term ``Belt and  Road Initiative.'' This is an initiative program the Chinese have used  to buy their way. They have bought their way into the good graces of  governments in Asia, Africa, and Europe. The trillions of dollars in  investment buys inroads and influence across countries of every  economic background and in organizations like the United Nations.   While we cannot and should not compete dollar for dollar, we should  partner with our allies to prevent struggling governments from falling  into this debt diplomacy or these debt traps. We must also secure our  supply chains across every sector of our economy and bring critical  manufacturing and technologies back to the United States.   I mentioned the SAMC Act. It would incentivize companies to bring  their manufacturing operations back to the United States and also fund  partnerships between pharmaceutical companies and universities so that  they can train the workforce we need in order to pull this  manufacturing out of China and bring it back to communities right here.   We should not hesitate in moving forward on this legislation. Once we  invest in this new technology and infrastructure, we are going to have  to invest in securing it by securing our emerging 5G networks. To that  end, we need to make more spectrum available for the commercial  wireless sector to ensure our continued leadership in 5G and other  emerging technologies. If we fail to do so, we risk ceding ground to  China in the standard-setting bodies that are going to define 5G  internationally.   We will not be able to stop China alone. We must look toward those  international organizations, as well as allies and partners in the  Indo-Pacific, to help us deter Chinese aggression and foster stable  economic growth. This includes providing support for Hong Kong and  Taiwan and promoting universal human rights standards, both in China  and across the globe. We will also increase defense investment in the  region through a newly created Pacific Deterrence Initiative.   Most importantly, we must accept the fact that, at its core, China is  not a normal country. It does not behave like a normal country. When Xi  Jinping ascended to the head of the Chinese Communist Party in 2012,  many assumed he was going to act as a reformer and turn away from the  Maoist thought, but, predictably, he did not.   We cannot simply wait for this problem to go away. Last week, Beijing  escalated tensions by ordering Americans to vacate our only consulate  in western China, distancing its abuses in Tibet and Xinjiang from  American diplomatic personnel. You know what. It is not going to stop  with this. They are accelerating their aggression.   We have to become more independent of China. We are too dependent on  them at this point. It is time for the United States to deny this era  of Chinese impunity and change the way we are doing business. It is  time to reestablish rules to guide the global economy, to encourage our  allies to join us, and to hold Beijing accountable   I yield the floor.   