 I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum  call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I have just returned from being in  Tennessee this weekend and lots of phone calls, seeing a lot of people  out and about. I will tell you, this COVID-19 has changed a lot about  how we go about our daily lives, but it has not changed the way  Congress works out its differences. We are still arguing about spending  and debt. We are still debating the importance of federalism and how  the Constitution can help us determine what we can and should do on a  Federal level to help our communities back at home.   Now, in Tennessee, our cities all across the State, from one corner  to another, are getting back to that daily routine. Many of those  businesses were able to improvise their way through the early weeks of  lockdown, and now they are finding what they are calling their new  normal, their new processes.   Some of them received emergency loans from the SBA. Others became one  of the more than 80,000 small businesses and self-employed workers who  were able to take advantage of the Paycheck Protection Program.   But no matter how hard they work or how smart their plans are, we  know that, in the end, we are going to lose a lot of our favorite  neighborhood stops. It is tough. It is really tough out there. Some of  those businesses are already gone. And that is going to happen in spite  of the unprecedented investment that the Federal Government, working  with our State and local governments, has made into our business and  our healthcare sectors, making certain people are able to stay afloat  and bridging from that rescue to a business restart and bridging on to  recovery.   Well, as we saw this week, the more Washington spends, the more  Washington's focus drifts away from emergency measures and that rescue,  and it doesn't go to a restart or a recovery. What does it do? It goes  to, How can we use this crisis to grow government? How can we use this  crisis to take away a little bit more of your freedom?   Last week, House Democrats passed a $3 trillion spending package that  they used as a vehicle for a lot of their pet projects. We have all  heard about it: pension bailouts, unsustainable environmental mandates,  fundamental changes to tax policy, all of these line items that have no  business being slapped on the coattails of a bill that was sold as  being a safety net for panicked Americans.   You will be relieved to know that that bill will never see the light  of day here in the Senate. But, you know, it might not be a bad idea  just to put it on the floor and see if our friends across the aisle  want to vote for it--$3 trillion, $3 trillion.   It is disrespectful to people who are hurting. It is disrespectful to  small businesses that they have become a bargaining chip for the  Democratic, left-leaning socialist wish list. That is what they think  of you. When you walk down Main Street and you see shuttered  businesses, I want you to remember that. That is what they think of  you: They can use you to get what they want.   In fact, I will say this. We have been pretty busy focusing on  bipartisan efforts that will help in the short term and will help with  a postpandemic future, something that will really bring relief and  clarity to the American people--not things like a liberal wish list.   