 Mr. Speaker, I am proud to rise today in support and as a  co-lead of the Veterans Benefits Fairness and Transparency Act.    I want to start by thanking my colleague, Mr. Barr from Kentucky, for  taking the lead on this.   And as you know, we have heard from countless veterans and countless  veterans' advocates that this is a problem; that these forms are not  available to our veterans and their providers to be able to provide the  best information in the most timely manner in order to process these  claims.   The simple fact is that we must act to make it easier, not harder,  for our veterans to receive the benefits that they deserve. As  mentioned, this bill will ensure that benefit questionnaires will be  public-facing again on a website.   Mr. Barr and I learned from many veterans' advocates that these forms  were removed and that veterans that needed to provide this vital  information in order to process their claim couldn't simply have the  forms that they needed in order to do that.   This bill also includes the use of older versions of the form,  because how many times have we heard in our offices and from our  constituents that a veteran has submitted their claim only to have it  sent back again requesting a different version of the form, thus,  delaying the process for our veterans who desperately need these claims  to be adjudicated, and need the care from the VA.   This will also allow the VA to make prompt decisions on the  disability claims and reduce their unfinished exam backlog, which is  currently nearing 60 percent.   These questionnaires played a huge role in 2011 in reducing the  massive claims backlog that we experienced at that time. And during our  current public health crisis, while access to care at VA facilities is  limited, what could make more sense than allowing veterans, in company  with their civilian providers, to also be able to provide the  information necessary to process their claims?   In my district in coastal Virginia, I am honored to represent more  than 92,000 veterans in our district. And this is among my top  priorities to ensure that we make this process easier, more  transparent, and more timely for our veterans.   Mr. Speaker, I want to close by thanking Mr. Barr for introducing  this legislation, and for allowing me to cosponsor it.   And I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill in order to help  our Nation's many deserving veterans.   