 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   ``Nancy Pelosi Goes Politically Postal.'' That's the catchy title of  a recent op-ed written by The Wall Street Journal editorial board, and  that is the reason we are here today, for phony political theater to  once again bash President Trump just in time for the Sunday talk shows  and the Republican National Convention. And just like all the other  times, the media will lap it right up.   Wouldn't it be nice if we were here today on a Saturday voting on a  negotiated COVID relief package to help the American people that could  actually be signed into law? But sadly, instead, we are here talking  about a postal bill, one The Wall Street Journal editorial board called  a ``made-for-TV phony political crisis.'' Boy, did they get that right.   Let's review the facts.   A task force recommends that the U.S. Postal Service overhaul their  business model in order to return it to sustainability because expenses  have outpaced revenue for 13 straight years, and they lost $8.8 billion  in 2019 alone.   The new Postmaster General is unanimously selected by a bipartisan  Board of Governors, not President Trump. The Postmaster General starts  making some changes in an attempt to make the post office more  sustainable, as recommended by the task force--you know, similar to the  types of changes that were made under the Obama administration in the  past.   The Postmaster General worries that some States allow voters to  request mail-in ballots too close to the election day and is afraid  that there is not enough turnaround time for those ballots to get back  in time, so he sends a courtesy letter to those States, recommending  they tell voters to mail in their ballots early so they can get them in  time.   Guess what? Democrats freak out, blame Trump, say he is trying to  influence the election, even though Trump doesn't have control over the  Postmaster General, and run to the ever-so-willing media to spread a  new Trump conspiracy theory.   Seems insane but all too typical for the Trump-hating Democrats to  me.   But don't take my word for it, let's see what Stephen Kearney, a 33- year veteran employee, former Treasurer, and Senior Vice President of  the U.S. Postal Service said: ``This conspiracy theory is the most far- flung thing I think I have ever heard.''   