 Madam President, when most Americans think of the  sacrifices that our veterans made in the name of defending freedom,  they think of those brave men and women running toward the danger. We  are grateful that, in their hearts, they have that desire, but as  anyone who knows or has worked with veterans knows, they also make  sacrifices that really never bubble to the surface or come to our  attention. Not only do they sacrifice their own safety, they give up  their personal independence, the comforts of home, their relationships  with friends and family, their spouses, and their children.   Think about what an extraordinary decision they have made--that the  safety and security of their fellow countrymen is worth more than  losing those precious days. They have made that choice. They put that  service and that sacrifice in front of their desires, in front of the  desires of their family. They are, indeed, called to serve.   These are the people whom we should be looking to for comfort and  inspiration during difficult times. They really do have experience in  that category. They have made those sacrifices, and they have made  those choices knowing that it wouldn't be easy and knowing that they  may not come home, but, when they do come home, that sometimes it is  tough. It is tough to get back in that groove of where you were, to  rekindle those relationships.   Our younger veterans, in particular, were painfully aware of this  when they put on the uniform. But do you know what? They still made  that choice to serve.   Here in the Senate, we have backed legislation that really has made  things easier for so many of our veterans.   When I was in the House, I was honored to help shepherd passage of  the VA MISSION Act, and I was grateful to see that receive bipartisan  support here in the Senate. It has, indeed, streamlined many of the  processes in the VA healthcare system.   Last month, I introduced a bill to provide doula services to improve  maternal health outcomes for our female veterans, a population that  every single month continues to increase.   Back in August, I introduced a bill that will allow our K2 veterans  to obtain the special health screenings they need to check for cancer  and other illnesses caused by exposure to toxic substances in  Uzbekistan.   In fact, this has been a great year for veteran support. We have  passed--or are very close to passing--legislation that will improve and  simplify doctor-patient relationships, recordkeeping, and mental health  services, and will make those and other important benefits more  accessible to our veterans and their families.   If you are not already supporting these efforts, I encourage my  colleagues to support this legislation.   As the week draws to a close, I would encourage everyone to seek out  veterans' stories and to internalize the knowledge that the sacrifices  they made were for us. There is so much we can learn from those who  have served. There is so much that they have done to help preserve our  way of life and our freedoms. It is so much that they have done for the  values and the institutions--things that really do transcend politics.   I reached out to many of our veterans this week and had great  conversations and heard from veterans online.   I heard from William, a Tennessean who proudly served in the Air  Force. He said his service was ``the best decision of his entire  life.''   I also heard from Greg, who served as a C-130 crew chief in theatre  during Desert Storm. He put off his college education when he was asked  to serve.   And I would be remiss if I did not recognize the veterans who are  currently serving in our office: Dana Magneson, John Clement, Jay  Strobino, Dr. Karen Summar, and Paris Cervantes.   I thank each and every one of them for their service and for the  continued work that they do on behalf of all Tennesseans.   These brave men and women represent the hope of a nation and our  promise to the rest of the world that, no matter what, the United  States stands ready and willing to answer the call.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   