 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the bipartisan en  bloc amendment and three of my important amendments included in this  package to address PFAS contamination.   PFAS is a national health and environmental crisis. It is growing in  scope every day, contaminating our air, water, and soil. Michigan has  been hit hard. But yesterday, we led in setting the standard in the  absence of Federal action.   My main amendment will ensure that the administration cannot withdraw  their decision issued in January to proceed with the national drinking  water standard for PFO and PFOS. It will also prevent the  administration from reversing its efforts to designate these notorious  chemicals as hazardous substances under the Superfund program, which  will kick-start the cleanup process at the most contaminated sites  nationwide.   This amendment doesn't go far enough, but it is a beginning to make  sure we don't go backward in our efforts. I push all of my colleagues  to join these efforts as cosponsors and thank Chair McCollum for her  enduring leadership in this year's Interior appropriations bill.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the wonderful chair of the  Appropriations Committee for yielding.   I rise in support of en bloc 2, which includes an important amendment  to block the Trump administration's latest attack on the National  Environmental Policy Act.   For 50 years, NEPA has both protected and fought for the environment  and empowered local communities protecting them. In many cases, NEPA  provides ordinary Americans the only opportunity to have a voice on  major projects, including pipelines or extractive activity like oil and  gas drilling that directly impacts their communities.   The administration's new NEPA rule both limits the scope of  environmental review and exempts entire categories of projects from  review all together.   Mr. Speaker, the administration's attack on NEPA prioritizes special  interests and polluters ahead of the American people and our  environmental heritage. I urge my colleagues to support this en bloc  amendment and to block this assault on one of our Nation's bedrock  environmental laws.   