 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, it is a shame the Senate has been  prevented the opportunity to discuss meaningful legislation to  strengthen and improve our law enforcement system.   The Senate had an opportunity to implement public safety measures the  American people believe are needed and the American people want. Most  importantly, the Senate was blocked from working toward helping bind  the Nation together.   Sadly, this was due to partisan politics by our Democratic  colleagues. It is disappointing that, when given the chance to back up  a lot of big talk about reform and change, our colleagues on the other  side of the aisle simply walked away. I was under the impression we  were all in agreement that the matters addressed in this legislation  were, at the very least, worth debating. By refusing to even consider a  debate, Senate Democrats leave the American people with irresponsible  demands to defund the police and destruction of public property.   My friend and colleague, the junior Senator from South Carolina,  worked tirelessly to produce very good legislation. He and the  leadership offered to work with our Democratic colleagues and assure  them there would be an open amendment process.   Had we had a chance to proceed, I was prepared to file an amendment  that would have gotten the top Federal and State law enforcement  officials together from rural and urban areas and developed a best  practices curriculum for training incoming law enforcement officers.  The amendment would have provided the resources to train the trainers.   This simply illustrated that Members on both sides of the aisle  wanted an opportunity to offer meaningful changes to the bill, but only  one side of the aisle thought that opportunity was worthwhile. I am  ready to debate on that and any other amendment should we do the right  thing and have an open, purposeful conversation on a very critical  issue.   The tragic death of George Floyd in Minneapolis last month exposed an  erosion of public confidence in the rule of law and law enforcement  practices. There is no doubt in my mind that the vast majority of law  enforcement officers, who are very good friends of mine--many of them  across the country--do their jobs fairly and justly. However, the bad  actions of a few are enough to cause us as elected leaders to consider  responsible changes to improve police practices and rebuild public  confidence in those we trust with ensuring our public safety.   I encourage my colleagues to reconsider and engage in this debate. It  would be a real tragedy not to use this national moment in our history  to improve law enforcement through more accountability, transparency,  and better training.   Let's stop looking for ways to divide the American public. Let's  bring people together and work together toward meaningful reform that  improves law enforcement, public safety, and the confidence Americans  deserve in the rule of law.   I yield the floor.   