 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, less than 2 weeks ago, this country lost  one of its most brilliant legal minds--Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Her  passing has left a void that can be felt all across our Nation from  Nebraska to Washington.   Sadly, Nebraska recently lost another great jurist--Judge Laurie  Smith Camp. Judge Smith Camp was the first woman to serve my State as a  Federal judge, a position she had held since 2001. This body voted 100  to 0 to confirm her just 6 weeks after President George W. Bush  nominated her. That doesn't happen very often anymore, and her  unanimous approval was a testament to her incredible talent.   Judge Smith Camp grew up in Omaha, but she left Nebraska to attend  college at Stanford University. She graduated with distinction. And I  am glad to say that she came back home to attend the University of  Nebraska Law School where she distinguished herself again as editor-in- chief of the Nebraska Law Review.   Before becoming a Federal judge, she served her State through a  series of jobs that spanned the legal profession. She began her career  in private practice but soon moved on to become general counsel for the  Nebraska Department of Correctional Services, the head of the Nebraska  attorney general's civil rights section, and then the chief deputy  attorney general for criminal matters for the Nebraska attorney  general. These wide-ranging experiences were part of what made her an  exceptional Federal judge.   Another part was her love for the law and the compassion that flowed  from it. She was well known for her dedication to equal treatment for  all, regardless of background, and for a sentencing philosophy that  preferred rehabilitation to punishment.   She also understood that success isn't just about achieving your  professional goals. She was profoundly generous with her time and, when  she wasn't leading Nebraska's district court, she could be found  promoting women's participation in the legal profession or mentoring  young Nebraska attorneys. This was in addition to recently being  elected president of the Omaha Bar Association--a job that she had held  since June.   Laurie was also my friend. She spoke at an event I held in 2016  called Bridging the Gap, which aims to encourage women to engage in  their communities at the local, State, and Federal level. I am lucky to  have known her personally and to have seen up close the wise advice and  the quick wit that made her famous among her colleagues and those she  mentored.   Through her example, she inspired a generation of young women in  Nebraska and beyond to pursue careers as attorneys, advocates, and  community leaders, just as Justice Ginsburg did. Both of these  extraordinary women blazed a trail that today's young women and girls  can follow. I join with both their families in mourning their passing  and celebrating their lives.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   