 Madam President, I come to the floor today to say  that we have gotten some good news this week from our Southern border.  We are making progress on the wall that President Trump has fought so  hard for, and that progress will be further supported by billions of  dollars in new appropriations funding to reach the President's goal of  450 miles by 2021. Think about it--450 miles that have been secured.   What we do know is that as a result of all of these ramped-up  security efforts, border apprehensions are down 78 percent from last  May's high of over 130,000. We have had falling--falling--numbers every  single month for the last 8 months. This is a very good thing. It shows  the word is getting out that we are serious about our sovereignty,  about securing our border, about ending the access that traffickers-- human traffickers, drug traffickers--have had on that border. That is a  good thing.   This good news is clouded a little bit by the reality that all is  still not well. Border Patrol officials estimate that nearly 1 million  migrants--I want you to think about that number: nearly 1 million  migrants--crossed our border illegally and evaded apprehension in  [[Page S1171]]  fiscal 2019. That is the severity of this problem. Think about it--1  million people, additional people. Think about the size of a population  of 1 million people. That is the number that moved into our country. We  do not know who they are. We do not know where they have come from. We  do not know if they are traffickers. We do not know if they wish us  well or their intent for coming into our country.   While things are trending in the right direction, I think it is fair  to say we are not out of the woods yet on this issue of illegal  immigration. Until we get this influx of illegal aliens under control  and manage the fallout of allowing so many people to come into this  country and live illegally, this is what we have.   Every town is a border town and every State will remain a border  State because of the problems they have to face every single day.   Let me give an example. On December 29, 2018, Knoxville, TN, fire  chief D. J. Corcoran and his wife Wendy's lives were changed forever,  and their happy, healthy family was brutally transformed into a  grieving Angel Family. On that day, an illegal alien in Tennessee  struck and killed their 22-year-old son, Pierce Corcoran. It was a  head-on car crash. Pierce died that day. A few months later, that  illegal alien was deported to Mexico.   I have to tell you, for me, as I have worked with the Corcorans since  this time and shared their grief, this is an unsatisfying end to a  tragic series of events that never should have happened because the man  responsible for Pierce's death never should have been in Tennessee in  the first place.   That story is heartbreaking. Unfortunately, it is not unique. In  2019, another Tennessean, named Debbie Burgess, was killed in a hit- and-run accident caused by an illegal alien with a lengthy criminal  record.   Just last week in Sevier County, TN--and this is something that has  shaken the entire community--two elementary school children walking to  school were hit by an illegal alien who fled the scene. Tragic.   Every Member of this body is well aware that our country's permissive  attitude toward illegal immigration has real-life consequences. Our  constant debate over policy and funding does not exist solely in the  abstraction of politics. Starting right now, we must look internally  and ask ourselves what changes we can make to disincentivize illegal  entry into the United States. What can we do?   It seems so easy to people: Come across the border illegally. You  might be able to get benefits. You can have access to education. You  can work. There is a way to do this and live in the shadows.   How do we disincentivize this?   While Tennessee, along with a majority of States, prohibits driver's  licenses for illegal aliens, a growing number of States are moving in  the opposite direction and allowing dangerous, open-border-style  policies.   This month, I introduced the Stop Greenlighting Driver Licenses for  Illegal Immigrants Act, and its purpose is precisely what the title of  this bill says it will do. You can see from the poster, there are some  States in red. If you live in one of those States, your State--your  State--has agreed to give driver's licenses to illegal aliens.   Let me tell you a little bit more about this. Once it is signed into  law, the bill will halt certain Department of Justice grant funding to  States that defy Federal immigration law, noncomplying States--that  means those States that say: We are not going to comply with Federal  law. Oh, no, not us. We are going to be a sanctuary for those who are  illegally in the country and are choosing to break the law.    They decided they are going to be a sanctuary for illegal aliens.  That is what you call a noncomplying State. Those States will no longer  enjoy access to the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant  Program. This is a program that was created to fund local law  enforcement and criminal justice initiatives.   In 2019, States that issued driver's licenses to illegal immigrants  received over $50 million from this program, so their choice to defy  the law will result in no small sacrifice. It is their choice. They can  choose, if they want to, to say: We refuse to comply with Federal law.  They can make that choice, but they are not going to get taxpayer money  through law enforcement grants. This is common sense.   I want to encourage my colleagues to think back to the fear and  confusion that we all experienced in the weeks after 9/11. I am sure  you remember that time. I remember that time. I remember that feeling  of, what can we do? Not only had we known tremendous loss, we had  discovered that we were not nearly as secure as we thought we were in  this country.   One of the loopholes we discovered came about because people said:  How in the world could these terrorists, hijackers, have so easily  obtained a State-issued driver's license that allowed them to board  those planes and carry out those deadly attacks? People said: How could  this have happened? How could they have done this?   We found a loophole. What did we do? We closed that loophole. We  passed the REAL ID Act. This isn't done as a form of repression; it is  a practical way of managing a vulnerability that was found in State  agency paperwork. The REAL ID Act is something we are all complying  with now. You have to take a Social Security number. You have to take  proof of residence. You have to take other documentation that shows you  are who you claim to be.   Less than 20 years later, look at where we are. Thirteen States and  the District of Columbia have regressed into more lax policies--pre-9/ 11 policies. Often, they only require a passport or a consular card as  proof of identity.   Here is the kicker: If you do not have the right documents--meaning  you don't have a passport, you don't have a birth certificate, you  don't have a Social Security number, you don't have proof of residency,  you don't have proof of employment--these States are saying: Never  mind; doesn't matter. We are going to let you sign an affidavit--an  affidavit--to say you are not able to secure a Social Security number.   What are these States doing? They are creating, again, a  vulnerability in the system. There are people who will go sign an  affidavit. Guess what. All of a sudden, they have a REAL ID. These  States say: Oh, we are going to stamp it for State-use only. I think  they say that with a wink-wink, nod-nod because they know they are  putting a vulnerability in that system. They are letting people that-- we do not know who they are, we do not know their intent for being in  this country, but they are going to allow this reckless policy to go  into effect. And it is reckless. It goes hand in hand with other broad  sanctuary rules that increase crime and that frustrate the efforts of  our local law enforcement officials.   Here is another bit of good news: The courts are coming down on the  side of security. Yesterday, a Federal appeals court--the Second  Circuit Court in New York--upheld President Trump's authority to enact  anti-illegal immigration, anti-sanctuary policies similar to what would  be codified in my legislation. It would allow for those funds to be  restricted for those entities that are making a choice, taking a vote,  and deciding they don't want to comply with Federal law.   I will tell you, I should not have to stand on the floor of the  Senate and beg our colleagues to support policies that stand with the  rule of law and prevent tragedies like the deaths of Pierce Corcoran  and Debbie Burgess.   I ask my colleagues to join me in this effort, join me in standing  with the rule of law. Join me in standing with these Angel Families who  know grief that I wish no one had to know and experience. Join me in  supporting the Stop Greenlighting Driver Licenses for Illegal  Immigrants Act.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   