 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, States across this country, including  New Hampshire, are beginning to reopen after this pandemic, although,  the pandemic isn't really over. The ongoing economic and public health  fallout from COVID-19 continues to affect families and businesses in my  State of New Hampshire and across this country.   Every day, community leaders, public health professionals, and  frontline workers tell me about what they are facing. They have raised  concerns  [[Page S3123]]  about the massive reduction in local tax revenue and the very difficult  decisions that will soon need to be made if Federal assistance doesn't  arrive soon.   I have heard from teachers and school administrators about the  challenges they have encountered trying to educate their students  during the pandemic and the difficulties they are anticipating as they  begin to plan for the school year coming in September.   The shift to remote learning has exposed the disparities in broadband  access across New Hampshire and across this country that leaves behind  many students and makes it extremely difficult for teachers to deliver  a quality education, especially for students with disabilities.   So many small businesses, while they are very grateful for the  Paycheck Protection Program and the loans and grants that have been  made available through the Economic Injury Disaster Loan Program, are  telling me it is not enough; that revenues for many of these small  businesses are still at unsustainable lows, particularly for those in  tourism, entertainment, and hospitality--in New Hampshire, tourism is  our second largest industry--and that they need help if they are going  to weather this storm.   So I can't understand why this body and why Majority Leader McConnell  doesn't feel a sense of urgency to pass legislation that will continue  to help Americans during this time of crisis.   It has been more than 1 month since the House of Representatives sent  to us the Heroes Act to continue to provide assistance to Americans who  are in need. In the time since, we have not taken up any proposal that  would provide comprehensive relief for the sectors of our economy that  are still hurting.   We just can't wait until the end of July, when we know that there  will be so many families, workers, and businesses across the country  who will be in an even more dire position than they are now.   Americans are urging Congress to act, and we should work together in  a bipartisan way, just as we did with the first three--really, four, if  you count the second count of the small business assistance. Those four  bills all passed with strong bipartisan votes. Now it is time for us to  do that again, to provide Americans with the relief they so desperately  need.   Congress has taken some very important bipartisan steps to provide  assistance to the Nation, but the conversations I have had with Granite  Staters on the frontlines are a very powerful reminder of how much work  still lies ahead.   We should provide assistance for our hospitals and healthcare  providers, especially for nursing homes and long-term care facilities  because, in New Hampshire, they have accounted for more than 70 percent  of COVID-19 deaths, and across the country, for a very high percentage.   We need to provide support to all of our essential workers who are  still on the frontlines getting out there every day, despite the health  risks; that includes grocery store workers, healthcare workers, and  first responders who are sacrificing so much for our health and safety.   We should provide investments in our Nation's infrastructure, like  broadband, to make sure we have better access to telehealth and  education opportunities.   We should provide support for sectors of our economy that have taken  major losses, like the clean energy sector, which has lost more than  600,000 jobs over the past few months.   We should provide help for food and rental assistance for those who  have lost income and are struggling to make ends meet.   We should support the Postal Service so it can continue to serve our  communities and small businesses. In New Hampshire, we have so many  small towns that depend on the Postal Service for prescription drugs.  Families in those towns depend on the Postal Service for prescription  drugs and to communicate with the outside world. Especially now, when  so many people are still feeling so isolated, they need to know they  can count on the Postal Service and that it is not going to get into a  financial crisis this summer.   Finally, we need to support our States and our local communities.  They have been on the frontlines fighting this pandemic. As the cost of  COVID-19 response efforts continue to rise, mayors, town  administrators, and county officials are all grappling with whether  they are going to have to lay off first responders, firefighters,  police, teachers, and municipal workers--all of those people who  continue to provide services in our communities and without whom people  are going to face even more dire consequences. States and communities  need help now. They should not have to cut essential services and  frontline workers.   In Congress, we must also provide additional support to small  businesses. PPP, the Paycheck Protection Program, by any measure,  despite some of the challenges, has been the most significant small  business assistance program in our Nation's history. It has delivered  over $500 billion in aid in a very short time.   I am proud to have worked with a bipartisan group of colleagues to  offer that provision, but when we first sat down to design it just over  3 months ago, none of us had any concept of the magnitude of this  crisis or what would be its duration. Since then, we have learned just  how devastating this disease is and how terribly difficult it is to  defeat.    I have heard from so many businesspeople in New Hampshire who took a  PPP loan. They used the proceeds just as we had intended: They kept  their employees on the payroll or they hired them back if they had  already laid them off. They have kept their lights on. Now it is time-- when they are beginning to reopen their businesses, and they are still  running short because those loans are about to run out, they need more  help. If we don't provide it, they are going to lay off all those  workers again. For many small businesses, they are going to be forced  to close their doors.   Last week, I was pleased to work with Senators Cardin and Coons to  introduce the Prioritized Paycheck Protection Program, the P4 Act. That  is legislation that would provide a second round of PPP funding for  smaller businesses and particularly for those in the restaurant and  hospitality industries which have been hit especially hard in recent  months. They were the first to be closed down by government order, and  they are the last to be able to open back up.   I am hopeful that, once again, we can work in a bipartisan way to  make a proposal that will have support on both sides of the aisle and  that will ensure that more businesses can stay afloat as we reopen our  economy.   Our country is still hurting, and the coronavirus isn't going to go  away without a vaccine. It is going to take a while for us to get back  on our feet as a nation.   The devastating health and economic effects from COVID-19 will not be  alleviated just because we pretend the coronavirus is going away. It  will not be alleviated unless Congress acts. It was the decisive action  that we took back at the end of February and March that has allowed so  many businesses to stay afloat, so many families to continue to feed  their kids and to pay their rent. It is going to be critical for us to  continue to take action to provide that assistance.   We can't wait. We can't take a wait-and-see approach. We know that  people are hurting right now. So I urge the Senate to take up and pass  legislation. Let's negotiate what we don't like about the Heroes Act.  Let's make changes, but let's take up that relief bill and continue to  provide the help Americans are calling for. We have no more time to  waste.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   