 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, it has been so wonderful to be in  Tennessee over the past couple of weeks and to have the opportunity to  listen to Tennesseans. We have listened and talked to local elected  officials and teachers and parents from one corner of the State to  another. They are very aware and are truly focused on the challenges we  are going to be facing this fall in just a few weeks.   Some of our school systems in Tennessee are going to be going back to  school the first week of August. They have a lot of questions as to  whether they are going to end up with classes meeting in person or  online.   Up until now, students have relied on virtual schooling platforms to  stay connected to their teachers, and it is likely that in many  communities, this system will continue at least through the fall  semester.   Relying on Google and other educational software providers keeps  teachers and families safe from COVID-19, but these programs come with  their own brand of hazards. Our increased reliance on Big Tech has  highlighted just how vulnerable we are when things go awry. Even the  platforms that have become commonplace over the years pose risks and  not only just risks to children. You need look no further than last  week's Twitter meltdown for evidence of how quickly a hacker or even an  insider can turn a few tweets into a threat.   I will tell you this: In Tennessee, we have a lot of security moms.  Those security moms you hear so much about are really back in full  force. They are concerned. They are paying close attention, and they  are not going to back off of the Googles and the Facebooks and the  Instagrams. They want to see these companies held accountable and  transparent about how they follow and use data because when they see  their children spending hours staring at TikTok or YouTube, they are  beginning to see and fear a vulnerability. When they see their children  using their classroom software, they begin to see and fear a  vulnerability.   They haven't forgotten that back in 2015, the Electronic Frontier  Foundation filed a complaint with the FTC against Google alleging that  their Google for Education platform was exploiting students' personal  information and potentially exposing it to third parties. A 2017 report  confirmed and expanded on these concerns.   These programs have continued, but Big Tech has left parents with  more questions than answers about what is happening with their  children's data. How are they pulling in this information? How are they  tracking these children? What are they doing with the Chromebook in  schools program? Who has this information on their children, and what  are they doing with it? What kinds of files are they building about our  children?   You know, I have said that one of the questions we should ask and  work until we can find an answer is, Who owns the virtual you? Who owns  it? Because the virtual you is you and your information online. It is  you and your presence online. This is what parents fear.   I will tell you, that fear is complicated because of the rise in  mandatory use of technology by students. It has prompted me, along with  several of our colleagues here, to ask the FTC to launch a major  investigation into how these platforms protect student privacy. That is  the question they have to answer. Are you protecting it? If not, why  not? If not, are you selling it to the highest bidder? Are you  profiting from this educational information?   These security moms know it is not just their kids' safety and  privacy at risk. They do their banking online, their shopping online,  and they have had to deal with the nightmare of having their identity  stolen during one of the many infamous retail hacks   