 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Medical  Marijuana Research Act, which would streamline outdated bureaucratic  barriers and Federal roadblocks preventing legitimate medical research  into the impacts of medical marijuana.   I, too, like my colleague, thank you for your leadership. I have a  healthy fear of drugs, having lost a sister to a drug overdose, but  there is just too much information we do not have.   We have seen dramatic changes in the legal status of marijuana at the  State level. Almost 1 year ago to the day, sales of recreational  marijuana began in my home State of Michigan.  [[Page H7081]]  Following multiple successful State ballot initiatives last month,  medical marijuana is now legal in 36 States. However, the Federal  framework for conducting marijuana research is decades old and has not  kept pace with these changes.   Currently, as has been said by my other colleagues, scientists in the  United States looking to conduct research on marijuana must contend  with a heavy-handed, duplicative registration and licensure process  that doesn't work. They are limited to using marijuana grown at a  single location overseen by the National Institute on Drug Abuse at the  University of Mississippi.   Collectively, this regulatory red tape greatly limits our  understanding of the health impacts of marijuana and prevents qualified  researchers from engaging in further study.   We are driving cars that NHTSA can't do the research they need to do  about people driving while smoking. We should know that.   The Medical Marijuana Research Act will streamline this cumbersome  process by preventing bureaucratic roadblocks on marijuana research  registration applications. It will also direct the FDA to issue  guidelines on the production of marijuana and ensure that adequate  amounts are available for research.    The legislation also mandates a comprehensive review of the available  body of research on marijuana by the Secretary of Health and Human  Services 5 years after enactment.   I thank my colleagues--Congresspersons Blumenauer, Griffith, Lofgren,  Harris, and Rob Bishop--for all of their work on this. This does  matter. We need answers. And I thank my chairman, who has been great  about this.   I refuse to accept the fact that our Ranking Member Walden is  leaving. He is a dear friend, and he has made so much of a difference.  He has had very thoughtful input on this, as he does on everything.   Mr. Speaker, it is high time we modernize our Nation's Federal  regulations to facilitate legitimate medical research into the impacts  of marijuana, and I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   