 Mr. President, I rise today in opposition to the  nomination of Judge Amy Coney Barrett to the U.S. Supreme Court.   Just over a month ago, our country lost Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg,  a leading voice for equality and fundamental rights.   Judge Ginsburg's nomination was the first that I participated in when  I came to the Senate 28 years ago. At her hearing, I had the  opportunity to thank her for all she had done and for all she had yet  to do. Before she was confirmed to the Bench, Justice Ginsburg played a  critical role in breaking down barriers for women.   During her confirmation hearing, she staunchly and forthrightly  defended her positions as an advocate for equality, including her own  support for a woman's fundamental right to control her own body, the  core holding of Roe v. Wade.   Once confirmed to the Court, Justice Ginsburg worked tirelessly to  ensure that the opening words of our Constitution, ``We the People of  the United States,'' included all people, not just the elite few.   The stakes are extraordinarily high in confirming a replacement for  Justice Ginsburg in the best of circumstances, but for Republicans to  proceed now, just 8 days before an election, undermines, I think, the  integrity and independence of the vote.   Senate Republicans are breaking their own statements and promises by  proceeding. In February of 2016, Republicans refused to consider a  replacement for Justice Antonin Scalia because it was an election year.  They blocked all consideration of President Obama's nominee, Judge  Merrick Garland, claiming that the American people should have the  opportunity to weigh in on a Supreme Court vacancy. Leader McConnell,  at the time, clearly stated the Republicans' position: ``My view, and I  can now confidently say, the view shared by virtually everyone in my  conference, is that the nomination should be made by the President that  the people elect in the election that is now underway.'   Well, that is clearly not going to happen.   Chairman Graham, in 2018, reiterated this standard, promising that  ``if an opening comes up in the last year of President Trump's term and  the primary process has started, we'll wait till the next election.''   But when Justice Ginsburg passed away just 46 days before election  day, Senate Republicans did not hesitate to go back on their word. On  the night of Justice Ginsburg's death, Leader McConnell announced that  President Trump's nominee for the vacancy would receive a vote on the  Senate floor. Chairman Graham immediately set committee hearings for  October 12, giving the committee just 2 weeks to review Judge Amy Coney  Barrett's record. This proved to be insufficient, as evidenced by Judge  Barrett's failure to identify and disclose significant amounts of  material.   Then, before Judge Barrett's hearing had even concluded, Chairman  Graham held a markup on her nomination, and more rules were broken by  setting a committee vote on her nomination for 1 p.m. the following  week. I, along with the Democratic side, refused to take part in that  committee vote. This was not a decision that we made lightly. We were  not willing to participate any further in a process that was used to  rush this nominee forward in the middle of this election.   Despite our objections to proceeding, Democrats demonstrated through  the course of Judge Barrett's nomination hearings what is at stake with  her nomination, starting with Republican statements to use the Supreme  Court to dismantle the Affordable Care Act and strip away healthcare  coverage for millions of Americans.   On November 10, the Supreme Court will actually hear oral arguments  in a case titled ``California v. Texas.'' That is a case challenging  the validity of the Affordable Care Act. President Trump promised to  appoint Justices who will vote to dismantle this landmark law. In 2015,  he stated: ``If I win the Presidency, my judicial appointments will do  the right thing, unlike Bush's appointee John Roberts on ObamaCare.''   When he nominated Judge Barrett to fill Justice Ginsburg's seat,  President Trump stated that eliminating the ACA would be a ``big win in  the USA.'' Even more recently, in an interview with 60 minutes,  President Trump said he ``hopes'' the Supreme Court will strike down  the ACA, and he believes ``it'll be so good if they end it.''   Let us not forget, after all, that Justice Ginsburg joined a 5-to-4  majority when the Supreme Court upheld the ACA against Republican-led  challenges in NFIB v. Sebelius and King v. Burwell.   Like President Trump, Judge Barrett has criticized the upholding of  the Affordable Care Act. In NFIB v. Sebelius, she stated that Chief  Justice Roberts ``pushed the Affordable Care Act beyond its plausible  meaning to save the statute.''   She also cast doubt on the Chief Justice's opinion in King v. Burwell  and said that he departed from the ``clear text'' of the statute to  avoid gutting it. She likewise claimed that the dissent had the  ``better of the legal argument.''   At her confirmation hearing, Judge Barrett did not answer questions  about her view on the ACA and did not meaningfully walk back her  criticism of these two 5-to-4 Supreme Court decisions upholding the  law.   She also implied that coverage of preexisting conditions is not at  issue in California v. Texas. However, the Trump administration is  directly asking the Court to strike down the entire Affordable Care  Act, including its protections for patients with preexisting  conditions.   Let me be perfectly clear. I believe, if Judge Barrett is confirmed,  Americans could well lose the significant benefits that the Affordable  Care Act provides. More than 130 million Americans have preexisting  conditions, like cancer, asthma, or even COVID-19, and they could then  be denied coverage.   At Judge Barrett's hearing, we heard the stories of real Americans  who will be harmed and who illustrate what is at stake. This included a  constituent of mine, Krystyna Munro Garcia, who, because of the  Affordable Care Act, received cataract surgery that saved her eyesight.   It included North Carolina mom Stacy Staggs, who testified that the  Affordable Care Act had ensured her twin girls received the lifesaving  treatments they needed.   It also included Dr. Farhan Bhatti, a family physician, working with  low-income patients in Lansing, MI, who told the committee that  opposition to the ACA ``endangers a lifeline that [his] patients count  on to stay healthy, and in many cases, to stay alive.''   I deeply believe that Senate Republicans should not be moving forward  on a Justice who will likely help strip healthcare from millions of  Americans, particularly in the middle of a global pandemic that has  already taken more than 225,000 American lives.   Judge Barrett also represents a threat to women's reproductive  rights. President Trump told us so when he promised to appoint Justices  who will ``automatically'' overturn Roe v. Wade.   Judge Barrett has made clear that she would likely be the Court's  most extreme member on reproductive rights. At her hearing, she refused  to state whether she agreed with the landmark case Griswold v.  Connecticut, which established the right to use contraceptives. In  addition, she would not affirm whether Planned Parenthood v. Casey,  which upheld the constitutional right to abortion established in Roe,  was settled law. She stated outright that Roe is not a superprecedent,  indicating time and again that continued efforts by anti-abortion  activists would provide the Supreme Court ample future opportunity to  further limit or overturn Roe entirely.   Now, this was a surprising departure from the last four Republican  nominees, who acknowledged at their hearings that Griswold was, in  fact, settled law and that Roe and Casey were, in fact, important  precedents of the Court.   Beyond these specific examples, Judge Barrett's view of precedent  itself poses a continued threat to countless rights that Americans rely  on and cherish.   As an academic, she wrote that it is ``more legitimate'' for a  Justice to ``enforce her best understanding of the Constitution rather  than a precedent she thinks clearly in conflict with it.'' Essentially,  what that states is that she will feel free to overrule precedent that  she believes conflicts with her interpretation of the Constitution.   Judge Barrett's record also raises grave concern about how she would  [[Page S6455]]  rule on cases involving voting rights and core democratic norms.   In her dissent in the Seventh Circuit case Kanter v. Barr, Judge  Barrett suggested that voting rights were entitled to less protection  under the Constitution than the right to own a gun. She distinguished  between the ``individual right'' to own a gun and the ``civic right''  to vote. She argued that a felony conviction should not necessarily  result in the loss of the right to own a gun but emphasized that it may  result in the loss of the right to vote.   She even refused to say whether voting discrimination exists even  after being informed that Chief Justice Roberts wrote, ``Voting  discrimination still exists; no one doubts that.''   Despite President Trump's statement that he plans to challenge the  results of the election in the courts if he loses--and that he wants  his Justice seated in time to hear those challenges--Judge Barrett  would not commit to recuse from cases related to the upcoming election.   In addition, Judge Barrett's evasiveness at her hearing was deeply  concerning. She refused to answer over 100 questions--not 10 or 20 or  30 or 40 but 100 questions--including basic legal and factual  questions. Let me give you an example.   Judge Barrett refused to confirm that the Constitution prevents a  President from delaying an election. That is a hint. She declined to  answer whether Federal law prohibits voter intimidation. She would not  affirm that Medicare is constitutional. She even hedged on whether  Presidents should commit to peaceful transfers of power, and she would  not acknowledge the existence of climate change.   Judge Barrett's silence on these major questions really speaks  volumes. It demonstrates that a Justice Barrett will not be willing to  stand up for core American values and rights, and it raises additional  concerns about her willingness to act independently of President Trump.   In closing, it is my belief that Judge Barrett represents a threat to  the very rights--including reproductive rights, the rights of LGBT  individuals, and voting rights--that Justice Ginsburg worked so hard to  protect, and for those reasons, I oppose her nomination and urge my  colleagues to do the same.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   