 Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the  Speaker's table the bill (H.R. 4704) to direct the Director of the  National Science Foundation to support multidisciplinary research on  the science of suicide, and to advance the knowledge and understanding  of issues that may be associated with several aspects of suicide  including intrinsic and extrinsic factors related to areas such as  wellbeing, resilience, and vulnerability, with the Senate amendment  thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the  Speaker's table the bill (H.R. 3153) to direct the Director of the  National Science Foundation to support research on opioid addiction,  and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, and concur  in the Senate amendment.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the  Speaker's table the bill (H.R. 1925) to designate the Manhattan Campus  of the New York Harbor Health Care System of the Department of Veterans  Affairs as the ``Margaret Cochran Corbin Campus of the New York Harbor  Health Care System'', with the Senate amendment thereto, and concur in  the Senate amendment.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the  Speaker's table the bill (H.R. 2744) to authorize the Administrator of  the United States Agency for International Development to prescribe the  manner in which programs of the agency are identified overseas, and for  other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, and concur in the  Senate amendment.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from  [[Page H9171]]  the Speaker's table the bill (S. 1310) to strengthen the participation  of elected national legislators in the activities of the Organization  of American States and reaffirm United States support for Organization  of American States human rights and anti-corruption initiatives, and  for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the  House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the  Speaker's table the bill (H.R. 221) to amend the State Department Basic  Authorities Act of 1956 to monitor and combat anti-Semitism globally,  and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, and concur  in the Senate amendment.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the  Speaker's table the bill (H.R. 1923) to amend title 31, United States  Code, to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint and issue  certain circulating collectible coins, and for other purposes, with the  Senate amendment thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the  Speaker's table the bill (S. 371) to provide regulatory relief to  charitable organizations that provide housing assistance, and for other  purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the  Speaker's table the bill (S. 5076) to  [[Page H9173]]  authorize the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate to delegate  authority to approve payroll and personnel actions, and ask for its  immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.   