 Mr. President, my first priority during the COVID-19  pandemic has been to do all I can to keep Georgians and all Americans  safe and healthy. But while at home in Georgia these last few weeks, I  have seen that the measures we needed to take to fight this  unprecedented health crisis have created dramatic economic and societal  impacts.   One in five Georgians is unemployed. In the last 6 weeks, the Georgia  Department of Labor has issued more unemployment payments than in the  previous 4 years combined.   Hotels in the Golden Isles were seeing 80 to 90 percent occupancy  rates at the beginning of March, the start of beach season for our  beach communities. As the number of tourists plummeted, the president  of our visitors' center described the economic impact as ``absolutely  devastating.''   School districts, like Forsyth County schools, are organizing meal  pickups and food delivery for students who typically rely on eating  breakfast and lunch at school.   Then there is the emotional toll combating the virus has taken. A  local law enforcement officer told me that his department has seen a  dramatic spike in domestic abuse calls. An emergency hotline run by the  Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration saw a 1000- percent increase in calls last month compared to last April.   The full cost of this pandemic remains to be seen, but it is clear we  need to look ahead and plan for a future that protects Americans' lives  and livelihoods.   As a member of the President's Opening Up America Again Congressional  Group, I am putting to work my nearly three decades of experience  building companies and creating jobs.   Over the last few weeks, I have held more than 100 calls to hear  directly from Georgia hospitals, State officials, first responders,  food banks, small businesses, farmers, large employers, nonprofits,  chambers of commerce, as well as the President and his administration,  to address the needs of Georgians.   With my experience and the feedback I have heard from Georgians, I  have developed the USA Restoring & Igniting the Strength of our Economy  Plan--USA RISE. This is a plan to bring back our thriving economy. It  offers a four-pillared framework for investing in America, growing  jobs, and helping families without expanding the grip of the Federal  Government. It builds on the success of President Trump's America First  agenda.   The USA RISE Plan calls on all of us in Congress to ensure that the  more than $2 trillion of relief already passed in the CARES Act and in  phase 3.5 is targeted to the areas of the economy that need it most  while providing prudent oversight.   The first pillar, Made in the USA, addresses the fact that for too  long, our manufacturing has moved overseas. Now more than ever, we are  reminded of how dangerous it is to rely on other countries, especially  competitors like China.   The USA RISE Plan calls for incentivizing companies to return to the  United States, investing in infrastructure to spur economic  development, and having a competitive tax and intellectual property  framework to promote hiring and capital expenditures. We need to ensure  that America remains the best country in the world to do business.   The second pillar, Grown in the USA, is aimed at supporting our  farmers and helping Americans who are seeing empty grocery shelves or  local food banks that are depleted.   I grew up working in the fields as the fourth generation working on  my family's farm, and I know firsthand the challenges that farmers face  even in the best of times. Today, fruit and vegetable prices are down  about 50 to 60 percent, and cattle and pork producers have been  affected by meat processing plant closures and limitations. At the same  time, the Georgia Food Bank Association told me they have seen roughly  a 40-percent increase in demand for their services. We need to ensure  that the relief in the CARES Act is making its way to our farmers and  agriculture businesses.   Any future trade deals with China must hold the Chinese Communist  Party accountable for their role in spreading the coronavirus and  should focus on shifting supply chains back to the United States.   Farmers account for just 2 percent of America's population, but 100  percent of us eat. It is time to harness our agriculture advantage to  support our farmers who put their businesses on the line every single  day to feed Americans and the world.   The third component of my plan, Hiring in the USA, proposes removing  regulatory barriers and cutting taxes to help small businesses keep  employees on the payroll and to create jobs. Half of all Americans are  employed by small businesses, and these are the small businesses that  have been particularly hurt by COVID-19.   Congress has already taken extensive action to provide loans and  grants to small businesses like Globalus, a small trucking company in  Fulton County, and Jan's Family Daycare in Dalton. I recently talked to  daycare owners Bill and Jan Whetstone, who received a PPP loan. This  will allow them to keep their doors open and to serve working families.  Our economy cannot recover without our small businesses.   My plan also calls for reducing the temptation for trial lawyers to  use COVID-19 lawsuits to drain profits from employers at the expense of  productive jobs. Local shops and restaurants are the lifeblood of our  communities, and there is more we can do to help them.   Finally, we must support families in building strong futures. Right  now, too many families have lost their incomes and are struggling to  afford their rent and to put food on the table.   The fourth component of my plan is ``Families in the USA.'' It aims  to provide targeted relief for families and for children. Among other  things, it supports churches that are helping families during this  difficult time and other organizations, like YMCAs across our State,  which are the largest providers of childcare in Georgia, and they are  providing thousands of meals each day to families across our State.   In the last several weeks, we have made great strides in expanding  testing for COVID-19. This is a crucial tool for getting back to work.  Over 7 million Americans had been testing through Monday. As President  Trump noted, no one else, no other country in the world has even come  close to this level of testing. This is something we are proud to build  on. In fact, the President has  [[Page S2280]]  also announced the Testing Blueprint, which is a partnership to help  States build out their testing capabilities.   In my State of Georgia, Governor Kemp has partnered with our  universities and private companies to expand testing capabilities, and  that is now at record levels. Anyone who thinks they may have the virus  can use an app developed by Augusta University to screen their symptoms  and schedule a test at one of the 66 testing centers in our State.   Testing is a key component to restarting our economy safely, but we  must start to adapt to this new reality now. Before this pandemic hit,  we saw job creation and opportunity that lifted up all Americans. The  four pillars I have outlined are critical to reigniting our economic  engine. The USA Rise Plan offers solutions to grow our economy without  unnecessarily growing the Federal Government or our deficits.   Americans want to get back to work and back to their lives but  safely. While we continue to fight COVID-19 on the health front, we  also must look ahead and make plans to rebuild now. I am confident we  will because I know that when Americans unite, we rise to meet any  challenge.   