 Mr. President, I join my colleagues today in calling  on this body to include the Prescription Drug Pricing Reduction Act of  2020 in the next coronavirus relief bill so that we can finally address  the high cost of prescription drugs.   The troubles caused by skyrocketing drug prices are a never-ending  source of worry and hardship for Mississippians and people across this  entire country. I hear about this issue from constituents more than  just about any other issue when I go home. I hear this all the time. I  go to church with people who have to decide whether they are going to  buy their drugs or buy food. That is a reality we live with.   Let me highlight a few stories shared with me by some of my  constituents   Emily Quinn lives in Fulton, MS. Her husband, Brian, was diagnosed  with type 1 diabetes at the age of 2 and continues to rely on insulin  daily. Her son Dylan, who is now 16, was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes  at the age of 6. The Quinn family pays more than $2,700 each month for  just Brian's and Dylan's insulin, not including other diabetic  equipment and supplies that they have to have.   It is shocking that more than a century--a century, not a decade; a  century, 100 years--after insulin was discovered, insulin prices  continue to rise by staggering amounts, nearly 300 percent over the  last 10 years.   Scott Crawford of Jackson, MS, is a volunteer advocate for multiple  sclerosis. Scott was diagnosed with primary progressive MS in 2002.  Only one drug, named OCREVUS, can help slow the advancement of this  disabling disease. That drug costs a staggering $65,000 a year--more  than most Mississippians make. Even with good insurance coverage, Scott  cannot afford the $15,000 copay for OCREVUS, so he just goes without.   MS drugs have seen some of the most shocking price increases of all,  with list prices rising nearly 450 percent over the last 10 years.   Two young neurologists in Mississippi told me about their Medicare  patients who quickly move into the catastrophic phase of Medicare Part  D early each year. Even though these patients face only a 5-percent  out-of-pocket cost for their drugs in this phase, that small percentage  can amount to thousands of dollars for the expensive neurology drugs  these patients depend on. Because there is currently no Medicare Part D  out-of-pocket cap, these patients will get no relief from high drug  prices later in the year when they still have to have them.   These are just a few of the many stories that I have received from  Mississippians. I have one of my own as well.   My mother, a Medicare beneficiary living in Monticello, MS--Hyde,  Lorraine--faced $454.50--right there--in out-of-pocket costs for her  prescription eye drops earlier this year. A tiny bottle of eye drops  cost $454.50. The drug, RESTASIS, has been on the market well over a  decade--more than enough time for Allergan, the pharmaceutical company  that developed the drug, to recoup its investment. Yet the average  wholesale price of this drug has increased almost 250 percent in 10  years. It was almost unbelievable when my mom called me and told me  what she paid for eye drops.   This case went all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court because Allergan  had undertaken what I consider one of the most blatantly anti- competitive schemes in the history of the pharmaceutical industry.  Fearing competition after its RESTASIS patent expired in 2014, Allergan  transferred the patents to a Native American Tribe in an attempt to use  the Tribe's sovereign immunity to shield Allergan against competition  from lower priced generic alternatives. As I said, this case went all  the way to the Supreme Court in 2018.   Even though the Supreme Court ultimately ruled this scheme was  illegal, the company's underhanded ploy successfully delayed  competition while it continued to reap outrageous benefits from  RESTASIS, costing the U.S. healthcare system over $2 billion per year  because of their monopoly pricing.   We want pharmaceutical companies to succeed. The great cures and  treatments they discover improve the lives of many, many Americans. We  recognize that fact. But these cures and therapeutics can only save  lives if the patients can afford them. Too many Mississippians and  individuals across this country cannot afford their prescription drugs  due to the anti-competitive prices of companies--like Allergan--that  continue to increase their prices year after year.   Today, the threat of the coronavirus pandemic has only increased  concerns about drug pricing. As new vaccines and treatments for COVID- 19 are being tested and developed, the affordability of prescription  drugs is more important than ever. Just as much as we need a vaccine or  treatment to be discovered, we also need it to be affordable for  Americans if we are going to get on the other side of this pandemic.   I am proud to be an original cosponsor of the Finance Committee  chairman's comprehensive Prescription Drug Pricing Reduction Act to  bring affordability and fairness to the prescription drug market. This  bill must be an immediate priority for us as leaders if we are  serious--if we are serious--about helping patients afford the drugs  they need.   This important legislation would create a true out-of-pocket cap for  Medicare beneficiaries, reinforce the market forces that have supported  the research and development of so many miracle cures, keep  pharmaceutical companies from price gouging, prevent taxpayers from  being on the hook for unlimited price hacks that have no basis in the  free market, stop the hurtful tactics of pharmacy benefit managers that  hurt patients and community pharmacies while enriching the middlemen.   These reforms could reduce out-of-pocket spending on prescription  drugs by $72 billion, reduce premiums by $1 billion, and save taxpayers  $95 billion. The Congressional Budget Office anticipates those savings  will spill over into even more savings in the commercial health market.   This is a priority that should transcend party politics. Yet  Democrats who had previously supported Chairman Grassley's reform  legislation have walked away from the drug pricing negotiation table  altogether. They would rather deny President Trump a victory on this  issue than help the millions of Americans struggling to make ends meet  due to high drug costs. There is no doubt about it: They are putting  election-year politics ahead of making prescription drugs affordable  for the American people.   The American people can't wait. Every month they continue to block  this vital legislation is another month of thousands of dollars in  insulin expenses for the Quinn family in Fulton, MS. Every month  delayed is another month that Scott Crawford's MS advances because he  cannot afford his medications. Every month is another month that those  neurologists in Jackson will continue to worry about their patients on  Medicare who face unlimited expenses due to no out-of-pocket cap.   These patients, and millions more like them, cannot wait until next  year  [[Page S4396]]  or until the coronavirus pandemic passes or until Democrats decide to  put the American people over politics.   Mississippians and Americans need a solution now. My friend the  Senator from Iowa has done the hard work of writing a bill over the  past 18 months that can address the heart of the issue and garner  bipartisan consensus. I call on my colleagues to include the  Prescription Drug Pricing Reduction Act in the next coronavirus relief  package.   I have been very excited to work on this. This is one of the very  reasons that I came to Washington, DC--to help Mississippians   I yield the floor.   