 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to really  highlight the important work that has been underway by Members on both  sides of the aisle in the Senate and Members on both sides of the aisle  in the House to try to come up with an agreement to deliver urgently  needed relief to address the challenges from the coronavirus that  people are facing across this country. I also hope that we can work  together to get this across the finish line and that Senate leadership  will be willing to join in that effort.   I think most of us are painfully aware of the devastating impact this  pandemic has had in communities across our Nation, but the numbers do  bear repeating. More than 15 million Americans have been infected with  the virus, more than 285,000 Americans have now died from COVID, and we  recently hit a new record high of 102,000 people hospitalized with  COVID. Just to provide some context, our largest city in New Hampshire  is Manchester. It has 112,000 residents. So we have enough people in  the hospital across this country to fill the city of Manchester.   The situation is dire. People need help. Every one of those numbers  that I have referenced is much more than a number; it reflects an  American life, an American family, our communities. The human toll of  this crisis is crushing, and we are up against the clock as our  hospitals run out of beds.   This crisis has been all-encompassing. In addition to the severe  strains on our healthcare system, so many others are being battered by  this pandemic.   Small businesses are closing, and even more are on the verge of  collapsing if we don't get them some help.   Our transportation networks, from buses to airplanes, have been  forced to lay off staff, cut routes, and in some cases just discontinue  service altogether.   American families are going hungry. We have all seen the long lines  on the news at night showing the number of people waiting to get food  from food banks.   Too many people are facing homelessness. In New Hampshire, in the  city of Manchester alone, we have 35 homeless encampments--35. Two  years ago, we did not have that number of homeless.   Parents are struggling to help their children continue their  education at home, sometimes with no access to broadband or really bad  access. We know women are leaving the workforce because of the strains  of trying to provide support to their children and deal with the other  challenges of COVID.   State and local governments have been stretched to the maximum. In  New Hampshire, we are facing severe budgetary shortfalls, and many of  our communities may have to make some difficult decisions to cut first  responders or teachers or other municipal workers if they don't get  help.   We hear every day the number of people who need our help, and they  can't wait any longer. This is the holiday season, the end of the year.  We are headed into the worst months of winter. In New Hampshire, we  have restaurants that can no longer be open because they don't have  outdoor seating. We have small businesses that are worried about  getting through the next few months.   For the past 3 weeks, we have had a group of bipartisan lawmakers in  both the House and Senate--so bipartisan and bicameral--who have been  engaged in good-faith negotiations to get a relief package out the door  as swiftly as possible. We were able to reach an agreement on a broad  bipartisan framework last week, and we have continued negotiations  around-the-clock since that was announced.   In New Hampshire and throughout this country, our small businesses  have been some of the hardest hit by this pandemic. In New Hampshire,  we are a small business State. They are the lifeblood of our economy.  They account for 99 percent of all of our businesses and more than 50  percent of our workforce. In the country as a whole, two-thirds of our  jobs are created by small businesses.    In the bipartisan framework that we are negotiating, we have another  round  [[Page S7299]]  of the Paycheck Protection Program, which has been instrumental for so  many of our small businesses since back in March when we passed it and  created the program in the CARES Act.   Overall, our bipartisan relief proposal would provide significant  financial assistance for our small businesses, for our restaurants, for  our live venues, which in many cases have been shut down completely,  and for our childcare centers.   In New Hampshire, if we don't get some help for our childcare  centers, at the end of this pandemic, we will have lost fully 50  percent of our childcare centers. That means the families who depend on  that childcare so that they can go to work are not going to have any  safe place for their kids.   I hear frequently from New Hampshire businesses that have used the  PPP program effectively to keep workers on payroll and make rent that  they still need more assistance if they are going to get through this  winter.   Our tourism and hospitality industries are particularly hard hit, and  they are vital to New Hampshire's economy. They are our second biggest  industry.   Restaurants in New Hampshire account for nearly 70,000 jobs and for  $3 billion in sales, according to the National Restaurant Association.  We have to provide some help for them.   The future of our small businesses in New Hampshire and throughout  the country hang in the balance. If we fail to act, we fail them.   For many American families, the past 9 months have been the most  difficult economic challenges of their lives, and the bleak jobs report  last week reaffirms what we have been seeing in our communities. Nearly  10 million jobs have been lost since the start of the pandemic. That  means people are out of work, struggling to put food on the table for  themselves and their families, struggling to keep a roof over their  heads. The eviction moratorium is about to expire. That is the story  for 10 million families.   In the bipartisan framework that we have been negotiating, we have  urgently needed funding for additional unemployment insurance. We  provide rental assistance to help not just those people who might lose  their housing but also the landlords, who have been hit very hard  because people haven't been able to pay their rent. It also increases  funding for food assistance programs to combat the surging food  insecurity in our communities.   We can't afford further delay in delivering these resources. The  unemployment benefits are due to expire at the end of the month, and  time is of the essence.   One of the important areas of concern that this bipartisan proposal  addresses is the need for Federal funding to help our State and our  local communities. They are facing massive revenue shortfalls--at least  in my home State of New Hampshire--and that threatens their ability to  provide essential services. We can't afford to lose those people who  provide those services, who, if they are laid off, may be forced to go  someplace else and won't be available when we have the money to rehire  them. We can't afford to lose the teachers, and already we are seeing  too many teachers who are retiring or leaving the profession because  they are worried about safety and exposure, or they don't have the  resources to be able to do the online teaching that is required now. If  we don't get this funding out the door, we are going to see more of  those losses.   In New Hampshire and in our cities and towns, they are being  stretched to the limits. We are at the precipice of this crisis. Cases  are continuing to go up. Hospitalizations are going up. The death toll  is going up. People need help, and they need it now.   In New Hampshire, our nursing homes have been especially devastated  by this crisis. We have the highest percentage of COVID deaths in our  long-term care facilities of any State in the country. Eighty-one  percent of our death toll has been tied to nursing homes.   Our bipartisan relief framework includes necessary Federal support  for the Provider Relief Fund, and it allocates urgently needed help for  our nursing homes that are on the frontlines.   We also provide help to address substance use disorders and mental  health. What we have seen across the country is that COVID-19 has  exacerbated what already existed in the opioid epidemic. We were  beginning to make some progress in New Hampshire and in many States  across the country until the coronavirus hit, and now we are seeing  that progress being lost.   Our plan bolsters support for Federal investments in a number of  programs that respond to the substance use disorder crisis in our  communities, and it also addresses suicide prevention.   This pandemic has created significant burdens for those who are  struggling with substance use disorders. And, of course, we have heard  the number of mental health issues has been greatly exacerbated.   Our bipartisan plan addresses three of the most important pieces of  the strategy to get on the other side of this pandemic: testing,  tracing, and vaccine distribution. As overwhelming as this crisis has  become, we can't just throw our hands in the air. We have to continue  to prioritize robust testing and contact tracing so we can track and  contain community spread. Of course, we need to follow the CDC  guidelines--wearing masks, maintaining social distancing, staying home  as much as possible, hand washing--so that we can help flatten the  curve and help our hospitals. And now, as we are, we hope, just weeks  away from having a vaccine, we need to ensure that every measure is  taken so we are ready to go on day one. The manufacturing and  distribution of a safe and effective COVID-19 vaccine are critical to  putting an end to this pandemic, to reopening our economy, and to  restoring normalcy in our society. Our COVID framework boosts funding  for each of these three priorities.   When the Senate came together during the early days of this crisis,  we worked in good faith to deliver the CARES Act that provided relief  to Americans throughout the country. We did it before, and I believe we  can do it again.   This bipartisan framework is the only bipartisan measure in Congress.  It is the only bicameral measure in Congress. It is the only proposal  that has an opportunity to clear both Houses.   We aren't done, obviously. Negotiations are ongoing. There are a lot  more people who have to see this work and, hopefully, will decide to  support it, and we still have more concerns to sort out. But this is a  compromise. It doesn't have everything I want to see. It is not what I  would have written if I had been able to write it by myself, but it is  a compromise that I believe we can get majority support to pass.   Of course, it is step one. It is a relief bill to help Americans stay  afloat over these next very difficult months, and our work doesn't end  if we can provide this relief. We are still going to need a stimulus  bill to get our economy moving again. But, right now, the most urgent  need is to address those concerns that individuals and families have.   If Congress fails to act and get this over the finish line, the  consequences will be dire. Our hospitals are already overwhelmed. Too  many small businesses are closing. Families are going hungry and facing  homelessness. Inaction is really not an option. We need to get this  done.   There is no reason we can't come to an agreement. We have done it  before. I urge Senators on both sides of the aisle to join in this  effort. I urge Leader McConnell and Leader Schumer to move forward with  us to help us get this proposal over the line so that together we can  deliver much needed relief to Americans and do it before the holiday  season so that people will have something to look forward to.   I yield the floor.   