 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in  morning business.    Mr. President, I also want to thank all of my colleagues  who are coming down to speak about this today.   Families in my home State of Washington are scared. They are  frustrated. They are angry. And so am I. New reporting now makes it  clear that even after researchers in Seattle raised serious concerns  about the possibility of community spread in Washington State and tried  to work with Federal agencies to conduct testing, the administration  didn't work with them to let the public know how serious the  coronavirus was. You can be sure I am going to get to the bottom of  this and make sure it will never happen again. I am furious that  instead of acting with urgency, they did nothing; instead of acting  with transparency, they kept quiet; instead of working to keep families  safe, they wasted valuable time. And now in my State, 24 people have  died. Over 1,000 across the country are confirmed to be infected, and  experts are telling us that many more are likely to be ill.   I am hearing from people in my home State of Washington who are  worried about their older relatives who are dying alone; worried about  having to miss work and being unable to pay their rent; worried about  how to keep their children safe at school and how to care for them and  make sure they get a nutritious meal if their schools cancel. I am  hearing from small business owners who are worried because no one is  now coming through their door and they are unsure how to support the  workers going forward. I am hearing from communities that are worried  about how they protect people who are experiencing homelessness. I have  seen a lot in my years as a Senator, but I am not exaggerating when I  say this is one of the most trying times I have ever seen in my State  experience.   I am absolutely going to be holding this administration accountable  for missing so many opportunities to get ahead of this, but I am also  going to be doing everything in my power to make sure we do not miss  significant opportunities. We still have time to slow this down and  manage it as best we can.   Our primary goal right now for people in my home State and across the  country needs to be slowing the spread of the virus in areas where  there are outbreaks so that areas where it has not hit so hard yet have  the time to prepare. One of the best ways we can do this is by allowing  workers who feel sick or who need to stay home with a child whose  school is closed to do so without losing a paycheck or their job.   Workers and their families want to do the right things for themselves  and for their communities, but for many of our workers--restaurant  workers, truckdrivers, service industry workers--they may not have an  option to take a day off without losing their pay or losing their job.  That leaves them with the impossible choice between putting food on  their table and paying the bills or the rent and protecting themselves  and others. That is not a choice we should be asking anyone to make in  the United States of America in the 21st century. Yet 32 million people  in our country today--or about one out of every four private sector  workers--are faced with this impossible choice every time they get  sick. Right now, this choice has unique and potentially dire  consequences.   I have been advocating for legislation to allow workers to earn paid  sick days since 2004, along with my colleague Congressman Rosa DeLauro  in the House. Time and again, we have been told no even though that  simple step is critical, as we now see, for public health and gives  workers the flexibility they need. In fact, we last introduced our bill  in March of 2019, and here we are almost a year later to the day  without the very policies in place that would have now helped millions  of our workers and bolstered our resilience in the face of this exact  kind of public healthcare crisis that paid sick days are intended to  prevent and to mitigate.   We now have another opportunity to get this right. I am here to ask  my colleagues to support our new emergency paid sick days legislation,  which would ensure workers would have 14 days of paid sick leave  immediately in response to public health emergencies like the one we  face today in addition to allowing workers to gradually earn their 7  days of paid sick leave.   It would mean you would not lose a paycheck if, like so many parents  in my home State of Washington and across the country are facing, your  child's school has to close in the coming weeks because of this health  outbreak. It would mean you would not lose a paycheck if your family  member were quarantined and you needed to stay home to take care of him  so that you would not spread the virus. Also, if you could not go to  work because you were sick or your workplace were shut down, as we are  seeing in so many places, you wouldn't lose pay. These are the real  challenges people are now facing and will continue to face.   Our bill would help these workers immediately, the minute it becomes  law. We have enough delay when it comes to paid sick days, so let's get  this done. Let's keep working, as we need to do, on a comprehensive,  coordinated response that focuses squarely on what our families and our  workers and our small businesses need in the weeks and months ahead.   The Democrats on this side have a lot of ideas that we are laying out  in response to this, including how to make sure these tests are  affordable, that we support our most vulnerable communities, and that  we reckon with the economic impact this crisis is having on our  communities and Nation. There is a lot we need to do in the weeks and  months ahead, but I urge us to start today with this simple, really  important issue.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Health,  Education, Labor, and Pensions be discharged from further consideration  of S. 3415, a bill to allow Americans to earn paid sick time so that  they can address their own health needs and the health needs of their  families; that the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration; that  the bill be considered read a third time and passed; and that the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I do appreciate the fact that the Senator  from Tennessee has been a great partner with me on many issues. I will  keep talking to him about this.   Let me just say, without doing this, the cost to businesses is going  to grow exponentially. We have already seen it on Wall Street, and we  are seeing it in our communities. Because people are not getting paid,  they are going to work and are spreading this virus. We are seeing the  impact and will continue to see it in our communities as fewer people  go to their stores or as fewer people go to their businesses.   We either do this now or we are going to continue to pay for it in  the future. I am sorry it has been objected to today, because I think  it is such a critical step with regard to this public health crisis we  are having. We need to get this done.   