 Mr. President, I rise today to discuss why I will be  voting to acquit President Trump on both Articles of Impeachment  tomorrow afternoon.   Our Constitution makes clear that only a particularly grave act-- ``treason, bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors''--would  justify a Senate voting to reverse the will of the people, the voters,  and remove from office the person they chose to lead this Nation.   Besides making clear just how serious an offense needs to be in order  to warrant impeachment, our founding document allows the President to  remain in office unless two-thirds of our body--the Senate--votes for  impeachment. To me, that underscores the need for a national consensus  that runs across partisan lines before undoing an election.   The Senate has never in our history removed a President from office  following an impeachment trial.   Our Founding Fathers recognized that impeachment should not be used  as a blunt partisan instrument.   President Trump was duly elected by the people of this country to be  President of the United States in 2016. Nothing that I have heard in  this process has come close to providing a reason that would justify my  voting to overturn the choice made by nearly half a million West  Virginians and tens of millions of other Americans and even further-- even further--to remove him from the ballot in 2020.   There is no doubt that the House impeachment process was partisan,  politically driven, and denied President Trump some of his most basic  rights of due process. At the same time, the product that was brought  to our Chamber was obviously flimsy, rushed, and contained incomplete  evidence.   Time and again, House managers demanded that we do things here in the  Senate that they neglected to do themselves during their House  proceedings, such as calling witnesses they refused to call--witnesses  they are now asking us to bring forward.   Regardless of the failings of the House managers, it is the Senate's  job and, indeed, our oath to do impartial justice. In keeping with that  oath, I supported a trial process that was modeled after the Senate's  precedent in 1999, when it received the approval of 100 Senators. I am  glad we conducted this trial under that process because I felt it was  fair to both sides.   Both the managers and the President's attorneys were given 3 full  days in the Senate to present their respective cases, and Senators  spent 2 full days--16 hours--asking questions and receiving answers  from the parties. Actually, I found that very instructive. The Senate  heard testimony from witnesses in 192 video segments--some of them  repetitive--and received more than 28,000 pages of documents. The House  record, which we received here in the Senate, included the testimony of  17 witnesses. So there were witnesses. The House brought witness  testimony into the Senate.   I keenly listened to these presentations with an open mind, and I  have concluded that the arguments and evidence do not provide me with a  sufficient rationale for reversing the 2016 election and removing  President Trump from the ballot in 2020. That is especially true  considering the partisan nature of this impeachment process.   In the cases of President Nixon and President Clinton, there was  significant support from House Members of the President's party for  opening impeachment inquiries. The impeachment inquiry into President  Nixon was supported by more than 400 Members of the House, many of  those--an overwhelming number of those--from his own party. And 31  House Democrats voted to open an impeachment inquiry into their  President, the Democratic President, President Clinton.   By contrast, in this case, not a single Member of the President's  party voted in the House of Representatives to start an impeachment  inquiry or to adopt either Article of Impeachment against the  President.   Many of the President's political opponents want--and have wanted for  years--to have him removed from office, while virtually no one in his  own party supports this impeachment.   We have a mechanism in this country for dealing with issues that  divide along party lines. That mechanism is not impeachment or removal.  That mechanism, quite simply, is an election, and we have one in 9  months. So, beginning yesterday, we think, and in 9 months, we will  have the certainty everyone desires.   In the meantime, I am casting a ``no'' vote in this Chamber tomorrow.  I am voting no on both of these articles. But do you know what? I am  also going to do something else. I am going to take this opportunity to  rededicate myself to the principles that this U.S. Senate stands for. I  am going to take this opportunity to look at those principles and  appreciate that these are the principles that are tied to making  America better each and every day. Together we can do this, as  Republicans and Democrats.   During the impeachment process, Republicans approached me all the  time--West Virginians approached me all the time, regardless of party,  to ask why we were spending all of this time on a wasted process. They  asked me questions like, Why don't you just get on with the business of  giving America the confidence that you are working on the things that  we care about--this was the butcher in the grocery store who asked me  this very question--our families, making our families stronger, our  lives better, and our jobs more permanent?   When we rid ourselves of the shackles of politics, we can truly work  together on issues like transportation, broadband, energy, ending the  drug crisis, or strengthening our military. These are the issues that  affect all of us. These are the issues that transcend the day-to-day  lives of all the people we represent. They also transcend the day-to- day sound bites we hear from the constant barrage of both positive and  negative media to which we are so attuned.   No one has been served by this intense--and, at times,  sensationalized--and very divisive proceeding. When we rid ourselves of  the poisonous venom of partisan politics, we see more clearly. We know  that we don't always agree. That is pretty clear. But we can certainly  find common ground, and we do, as was envisioned by our Founders.   So let's all just take a deep breath and move on from here. Let's  listen to our better voices. Those are the Americans we represent, who  remind us every day how important our freedom and our futures are to  the country and to the constitutional institutions that gird our  values.   We sure have work to do. The American public expects us to do better.  We should expect that of ourselves. After these wayward few weeks,  there is no question we will need to rebuild that confidence. Do you  know what? I am in this for the long haul, as I know the Presiding  Officer is--the one where West Virginians and Texans and Americans see  better days ahead for themselves and their children; the ones where  West Virginians, Texans, and Americans drive to work each day and hear  that Congress is actually doing its job. We were sent to Congress to  work  [[Page S827]]  for the American people, to deliver results, to renew their faith in  our institutions, to rise above our own parties, and to make life  better.   I have always been humbled by the confidence that has been placed in  me by my fellow West Virginians. It is truly an honor to serve, and it  is one that comes with great responsibility. We need to roll up our  sleeves, stop the bickering, and deliver.   I am looking at a lot of young people here in the Hall of the Senate,  and I am thinking: How can I do better for you all? That is where our  future lies.   I am an eternal optimist. I always have been. I am optimistic that we  can find the solutions that move our country forward. Sure, there will  be differences of opinion. There will probably be some harsh and sharp  words along the way and differences in our philosophies, but Americans  and these young people expect that we will bridge those gaps. It is  going to take a lot of hard work, but I am certainly ready for the  challenge, and I hope you will join me.   I yield the floor.   