 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman and  our leader for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I stand in opposition to H. Res. 826.   It really is a partisan resolution. It has zero reforms. It is being  rushed through to attack the administration's Healthy Adult Opportunity  program to modernize Medicaid.   The majority is ignoring that Medicaid's status quo is leaving people  like pregnant women, the elderly, and people with disabilities behind  today. Instead of working in a bipartisan fashion to actually  improve Medicaid, they are more interested in scoring political points.    There are currently over 700,000 individuals across this country on  waiting lists, people with disabilities on waiting lists, to get care  within Medicaid. I would urge you to check your States, Mr. Speaker.  Two-thirds of the 700,000 who are waiting for care and services that  they need currently today on Medicaid are living with a disability.   I listened to one family's story. Their daughter had a rare  neurological condition. She was put on a Medicaid waiting list for 10  years to be approved for services--10 years.   This is happening in my home State of Washington, too. There are  almost 14,000 individuals with disabilities today waiting for care and  services.   The most appalling figure is that at least 21,900 people across the  country have died waiting for Medicaid services that they need.   The status quo is unacceptable. It needs to be fixed. We need a  solution, not a partisan resolution that maintains the status quo.   It is time to modernize Medicaid. Let's work together. Let's get  solutions. The Healthy Adult Opportunity program will improve the  Medicaid program's integrity by giving States the option to innovate  and provide coverage by enrolling in the program. This will give States  the flexibility to control costs and share the program's savings within  Medicaid. States like Washington could put those savings directly back  into the Medicaid program so that they can shorten their waiting list  and save lives.   Let's have a hearing. Let's get this done. Let's work in a bipartisan  way.   