 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, we may be back to work carrying out  what should be the normal business of the Senate, but from what I have  observed, the American people really don't see this as just another  day. They are a little bit anxious, and I really think that it is  because, over the past week, they have witnessed some of the most  divisive news cycles in recent memory.   Allegations of voter fraud are running rampant. These have been  unanswered and ignored by most media outlets. Liberal operatives have  sent up test balloons on the creation of official enemies lists. Think  about that. We have them making enemies lists, wanting to execute a  campaign of personal destruction against people with whom they  disagree. What does that say about treasuring free speech?   The most popular social media platforms--oh--have honestly just  outdone themselves by making matters worse by slapping these scary  labels on content that is meant to inform and to spark bipartisan  debate.   Then you have email services that are locking down access to email  lists because the distribution is something with which they disagree.  This is what has happened to millions of Americans. They gasp every  time they see these markers on content, when they can't get to an email  list, when they hear about a group they belong to that they can't hear  from or communicate with.   Yes, it is censorship, and it is something that has divided people,  families,  [[Page S6620]]  neighbors, friends, coworkers, and colleagues.   I will tell you, many of them remain divided, but I think we have to  say they have been engaged. According to the Pew Research Center,  Americans participated in this election cycle at the highest rate in  120 years. Election officials still haven't finished their counts, and  already we know that more than 144 million ballots were cast this  cycle.   I would venture to say that many of those millions of individuals are  watching us. They want to see what we are going to do next, how we are  going to conduct ourselves. They don't really care if it takes a little  multitasking; they are saying it is time for Congress to do its job.   You can look at all of the exit polling on the favorability ratings  of Congress. I will say it is discouragingly low--the regard in which  the American people hold their elected representatives collective body.  It is time for us to get some things done.   Judging by the footage of demonstrations in many of America's major  cities, you might not remember that we are still dealing with the  effects of a global pandemic. It seems that for a few days, people  forgot there is a pandemic.   Democrats in the House and the Senate have wasted months of precious  time obstructing the passage of targeted COVID relief legislation that  Tennesseans and New Yorkers and Californians and every other American  who owns a business or supports a family needs not tomorrow or today;  they needed it yesterday, last week, last month.   I have spent the past several months coming to this floor to tell the  stories of Tennesseans, Tennessee small business people, Tennessee  employers who are desperately in need of relief, trying to help my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle understand that there is fear  and pain in certain sectors of our economy. It is really so  inappropriate that those fears and that pain are something they have  chosen to ignore. To be frank, it has been like talking to a brick  wall. There has been no response.   Just last week, I met with the board of the Academy of Country Music  for a very hard discussion about the future of their industry. Not one  single venue or one studio musician or one sound engineer--their whole  industry shut down. This is an industry that has shut down. They did  nothing wrong, mind you. They showed up for work. They built  businesses. They hired people. They used independent contractors. They  paid their bills. They paid their taxes. They did nothing wrong. But  the entertainment industry--live entertainment--is shut down.   This isn't the huge record labels and big entertainment companies  that many people think are the music industry. These are the mom-and- pops. These are the small businesses, the sole proprietors, the  independent contractors. These are the people who set up and tear down  stages. They put on these amazing sound and light displays that people  get so excited about seeing and that really make music and  entertainment come to life. They produce the music that you walk around  listening to in your earbuds. The support staff at the venues clean up  your beer cans and ticket stubs after you have enjoyed a show. I tell  you, they also are the artists, the storytellers, and I really think  our creative and cultural historians.   This industry is absolutely dying. They are not the only ones. There  are so many other sectors of our economy that are at a standstill. They  are suffering, and so many other people have been suffering. They are  tired of what they see as posturing here in DC, using the hurt and the  suffering of people as just a political bargaining chip. Do you know  what? They have noticed. They have been watching over the past few  months. They know that very little has been accomplished, and they  think it is time to stop putting politics over people. It is time to  stop saying ``We want the issue if it is good for us'' because people  are looking for solutions.   They were waiting for a mandate--our friends over on the left--a  mandate they were sure was going to come their way on November 3, but  the American people refused to deliver them a mandate. You see it in  elections that took place at the local and the State level. You see it  in the congressional elections and certainly here in this Chamber.   So far, Speaker Pelosi has refused any offer to compromise. Every  offer and gesture that has been made by the White House or this Chamber  has been refused. She has clung to that $3 trillion parody of a relief  bill that she has stuffed to the brim with billions for liberal pet  projects that have nothing to do with COVID recovery--nothing at all.  Isn't it interesting that her pet project is not the American people?  Wouldn't you think she would want to solve some of these problems? But  no--she would rather play politics.   This absurd delay has come at great cost. We have so many  Tennesseans, indeed, across this country, millions of families and  small businesses that will tell you they are in damage control mode  because Democrats refuse to allow them the dignity of hope that  targeted relief would provide. ``Dignity''--that is a nice word. And we  have so many people who are grasping, trying to pay their bills, keep  their businesses alive. I will say that our friends across the aisle  twice--twice, twice--have declined to vote for targeted relief.   It is not too late to step up on behalf of those who have lost just  about everything and those who still have a shot at coming out on the  other side of this pandemic with their livelihoods intact. It is not  too late to pass legislation that would provide better unemployment  insurance, more help for small businesses, resources for schools and  universities, vaccine research funding, testing funding, and liability  protection--targeted relief for millions of Americans who have said:  This what we need in order to keep people employed and to keep our  businesses open.   The legislation is written. All that needs to happen is our friends  across the aisle need to say: We are ready to vote on this package.  Let's do another round of PPP. Let's do a plus-up in unemployment.  Let's do that money for vaccines and testing and resources for schools  and universities. Let's give companies the liability protection they  need to open their doors. Let's give these entertainment venues the  liability protection they need in order to again get on the road, have  concerts, play that music Americans love to listen to. It is there.   To my friends, let's have no filibusters, no more distractions, and  no more extravagant wish lists of pet projects. For goodness' sake, put  your politics aside, and let's put the people first. Let's provide the  relief they are seeking.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   