 Mr. President, I reserve the right to object.    Mr. President, I would like to articulate the reason  for the objection to the legislation brought forward by the minority.   You would think that, after spending weeks in this Chamber litigating  the finer points of their disagreements with the President's foreign  policy, our friends in the minority would be weary of picking another  partisan fight. But here we go again.   They are attempting to bypass this body's Rules Committee on behalf  of various bills that will seize control over elections from the States  and take it from the States. And where do they want to put it? They  want it to rest in the hands of Washington, DC, bureaucrats.   As I have said on this floor before, I served on a local election  commission. I know how hard our friends and neighbors and our local  election commissions and our State election commissions work to ensure  the integrity of the ballot box.   What would these bills that are going to be brought forward this  morning do? They would centralize control over the vote, and what we  have seen is big centralized out-of-control government. We would end up  having a less safe electoral process. It would be more vulnerable to  attack.   It is absolutely baffling to me that the minority would fight so hard  for such a disastrous vision, but, as I said, here we go again. Their  actions show complete contempt for the progress that Congress, the  intelligence community, and State-level authorities have made to  protect our elections without resorting to a Federal power grab.   Since fiscal year 2018, Congress has invested $805 million in  protecting the vote. This is the largest investment in elections since  the 2002 Help America Vote Act. And do you know what? It is making a  difference. It is making a difference.   Why, then, would the minority continue to demand changes that would  redirect that investment to support groups like the Iowa Democratic  Party, whose mishandling of their own caucus ended in what has been  termed by everyone as an unmitigated disaster?   They know it is not necessary, and yet time and again they are trying  to force this issue. They feel like only the bureaucrats in Washington,  DC, can handle this.   So in response to this gross hypocrisy, today I am filing my own bill  directing the Government Accountability Office to look into the debacle  in Iowa.   I send a bill to the desk, and I ask that it be appropriately  referred.   This is not an attack. This is a recognition that any complex process  comes with the risk of mistakes or mismanagement. We are all  vulnerable. We must recognize this. We must investigate allegations of  fraud and mismanagement, and, of course, there should be lessons  learned from the past. To ignore these problems is to resign ourselves  to a fatally flawed democratic process.   On that note, I do object to the motion, and I ask my colleagues to  remember that we have reached a bipartisan consensus on the importance  of securing our elections. We are all against election interference. We  are all against foreign interference in elections. We are all for free  and fair elections, and we are all for protecting the ballot box.   So I hope my Democratic colleagues do not resort to sending out more  fundraising letters saying that the Republicans are opposed to a secure  election process, because that is a falsehood. We are not. We are for a  fair process. We do not believe federalizing that process and taking  the power away from local governments and State governments is the way  to do that.   So let's focus on the bipartisan consensus, and let's not throw that  away in the name of having another partisan grudge match.   I yield the floor.    I object.    I object.   