 Madam Speaker, I do offer you my deepest condolences.   We stand here today keenly aware that we are living through history.  Yet again, racism and injustice have opened painful wounds 400 years in  the making.   I lost my son, Jordan, to those wounds. And, yes, my Black son's life  did matter. With each gut-wrenching video, I am reminded of the hole  left in my heart by the murder of my own son. That is my history. It is  the history of far too many Black Americans, and it is a history that  can never, ever be erased.   But America has always been able to rise to the tests of our time.  Our future is etched in the courage of our convictions, and today we  must respond with bold action.   Madam Speaker, to save American lives, to create a better future for  our children, and to help mend the wounds of hate and violence, our  response is clear. I urge my colleagues to support the George Floyd  Justice in Policing Act.   Our time is now.    Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleague and good  friend from the great Peach State of Georgia, Representative Johnson.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my bill, the Patents for Humanity  Program Improvement Act. I was pleased to introduce this bipartisan  legislation with my Republican colleague, Congressman Cline. We are  also joined in leading the bill by my good friend, Congressman Johnson,  who is the chair of the House Judiciary Subcommittee on Courts,  Intellectual Property, and the Internet, and Congresswoman Roby of  Alabama, who is the ranking member of the subcommittee. I thank each of  them for their support and for their leadership.   I am also thankful for the work of Senator Patrick Leahy and Senator  Chuck Grassley, each former chairs of the Senate Judiciary Committee,  who have long championed this legislation in a bipartisan effort in the  Senate.   This bill takes two important steps to promote innovation. First, it  codifies the Patents for Humanity Program of the U.S. Patent and  Trademark Office, a program that recognizes those who are using  creative thinking to address our world's biggest challenges.   Patents for Humanity winners receive acceleration certificates that  enable them to get expedited review of their next big idea when they  bring it to the USPTO.   The second part of this bill strengthens the Patents for Humanity  Program by making those acceleration certificates transferrable. This  makes the prize more meaningful to the recipients, whether they are  ready to tackle a new challenge or pursue investments that can help  them bring their innovation and their invention to those that are in  need.   I am so very proud to be able to support the Patents for Humanity  Program. It recognizes the achievements of innovators from across the  public and private sectors, including start-ups, established companies,  universities and nonprofits.   It is truly important that we uplift those who use their skills to  develop technology and ideas that benefit our world. This legislation  encourages inventors to pursue lifesaving ideas and solutions to the  world's global humanitarian challenges.   Its passage today is a wonderful example of all of us coming together  in a bipartisan manner to help solve problems that impact millions  across the globe. And I am proud that we can do our part to expand this  program and give innovators more freedom to support one another.   I thank the scientists, researchers, engineers, inventors, and  problem-solvers who look for ways that they can improve the lives of  others. From curing disease to ending hunger, to raising the quality of  life for people across the globe, these innovators are truly doing good  work.   I thank them for their efforts, and I urge my colleagues to support  them by supporting this legislation.   