 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, this  concept is under discussion, and it is a centerpiece of negotiations  between the House Democrats and Secretary Mnuchin, which are ongoing.   This Chamber will be in session next week to ensure that we are  taking needed actions to appropriately respond to the coronavirus.   I object.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, this  concept is also under discussion and the centerpiece of negotiations  between House Democrats and Secretary Mnuchin, which are ongoing.   This Chamber will be in session next week to ensure that we are  taking needed actions to appropriately respond to the coronavirus.   Therefore, I object.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, we have a  paid family leave provision in law already, and the rules are in place  from Treasury. We received those in September. I worked on this  provision during tax reform, and I would certainly be happy to work  with the Senator from Washington and my colleagues on the other side of  the aisle in a bipartisan manner to extend the program that we have in  law already that will help families. This is a public health emergency.  It is ready. It is there. We need to work on it together.   Therefore, I object.    Mr. President, I rise today to call up and pass  legislation to keep the American people safe.   The number of coronavirus cases in the United States is now over  1,000, including 10 confirmed cases in my home State of Nebraska.   In China, there are over 80,000 cases and over 3,000 people have  died. The Hubei Province, which contains the city where the virus  originated, has been under lockdown since last January, quarantining an  unprecedented 56 million people. Italy, a country of 60 million people,  is completely shut down. The World Health Organization has now declared  that this outbreak is a pandemic, meaning it will likely spread to all  countries on Earth.   Dr. Fauci echoed this yesterday in his testimony before the House  Oversight and Reform Committee. We will see more cases, and things will  continue to get worse.   As the virus spreads, our healthcare providers and emergency  responders are at the forefront of this health crisis. When someone  tests positive for this disease, our emergency responders are the first  ones there transporting them to the hospital. At the hospitals, medical  personnel, doctors, nurses, and technicians are all working around the  clock to provide lifesaving care and treat this illness. These people-- our healthcare providers and emergency responders--need access to the  proper equipment so they can stay healthy. We can take action right  here right now to make sure that that happens.   I introduced this bipartisan bill with the senior Senator from  Arizona. It would update our current law to ensure healthcare workers  and first responders have access to respiratory protective devices,  specifically, standard N95s.   Under current law, the Federal Government can give targeted liability  protection to people and entities to make, distribute, and administer  certain drugs and protective equipment that are needed in a public  health emergency. While surgical N95s are eligible for this protection,  standard N95s are not. That doesn't make sense, and it doesn't make  sense for two reasons.   First, these devices are the same when it comes to protecting against  airborne contaminants like we are dealing with for coronavirus. Second,  the CDC has issued guidance listing standard N95s among the recommended  products for use in this emergency. That makes it more difficult for  the people and entities supplying, distributing, and manufacturing this  equipment to do so, and we need to change that.   We need to make sure that these devices are readily available, and  this legislation has bipartisan support in this body, and it has  bipartisan support in the House. It was introduced by my colleague from  Nebraska, Congressman   Don Bacon.   The White House supports it. Vice President Pence said on Tuesday  this legislation is ``important . . . to ensure that our healthcare  workers are properly protected and outfitted.''   I mentioned that this bill has bipartisan support. I want to be clear  that our hard-fought progress on this legislation would not have been  made if it weren't for the tireless work of my good friend, the senior  Senator from Arizona. So I thank her for her efforts and her  partnership.   We know that coronavirus is moving fast, and we owe it to America's  healthcare providers and our first responders who are fighting to stay  ahead of this.   Therefore, I ask unanimous consent that the Health, Education, Labor,  and Pensions Committee be discharged from further consideration of S.  3372 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. I ask  unanimous consent that the Fischer substitute amendment at the desk be  agreed to; the bill, as amended, be considered read the third time and  passed; and that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table.    Mr. President, this bill is something I think we should  all agree upon. Other medical device facilities, manufacturers,  currently have this protection when there is a public emergency. They  currently enjoy this protection, but this thin band of manufacturers,  this thin band that provides these N95s which our healthcare providers  need--and I talked to my first responders and firemen who were here  this week and told them about this bill, and they said: We need this.  We are transporting people to hospitals.   In Omaha, NE, the Omaha Fire Department has picked up flights of  American citizens who were flown from China to be at Camp Ashland, a  National Guard facility between Lincoln and Omaha, and quarantined  there. Fortunately, all were healthy, all were fine.   Omaha also received 15 people from a cruise ship, and all those  people were not fine. These first responders, these firemen from Omaha,  transported them to a world-renowned facility, the University of  Nebraska Medical Center, but they did not have the proper protection  because we are arguing over something that other medical device  providers currently have protection on during a public health crisis.   I understand that my friends on the other side want to make progress  on this issue and on other issues, but that shouldn't stand in the way  of getting this done. There is a shortage of respirators, and the U.S.  Senate has an opportunity to fix it. We have an opportunity to ensure  the American people stay protected and healthy during this public  health crisis, but my colleagues on the other side just stopped this  from moving forward, and the  [[Page S1735]]  American people need to understand what just happened here.   As a result of this objection, I get to tell my Omaha firefighters  that their safety and the health and safety of our healthcare providers  in Nebraska and across this country are at risk.    Mr. President.    Reserving the right to object, the legislation that is  offered by my colleague is too narrow in scope. It does not cover all  respirators currently recommended by the CDC for healthcare  professionals who are treating patients with COVID-19. My colleagues  know that. This is inadequate.   The legislation that the senior Senator from Arizona and I have  offered covers all CDC-recommended respirators. Moreover, our bill is  not limited to this specific public health emergency but rather  responsibly addresses future public health respirator needs. We are  looking at what is going to happen in the future, and right here, right  now, the Senate does have this opportunity to address these current  emergencies and, yes, future emergencies by making sure that we can  provide lifesaving equipment to the American people. So, accordingly, I  object.    I would suggest the absence of a quorum.   