 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment be  modified in the form I have placed at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, I have heard from many parents in my district worried  about PFAS contamination in their drinking water. PFAS are manmade  chemicals that can pose serious health risks and are of great concern  to my constituents.   In large quantities, PFAS are dangerous and deadly to human health,  and these forever chemicals are going to take a lot of work and  innovation to clean up. These chemicals have been linked to cancer,  effects on the immune system, and impaired child development.   While PFAS chemicals have not been found in the water supply in my  district, there is a known contamination site. Our community has  stepped up and is working together through a PFAS Working Group to  address this contamination and conduct further testing, but it is past  time that the Federal Government steps in, stops the production of  these dangerous chemicals, requires cleanup, and provides resources to  ensure that our communities aren't left to fight this alone.   Our public water utilities provide a critical service to our  communities by ensuring families have safe and clean drinking water.  However, without proper support, many water utilities won't be able to  afford the necessary upgrades or would be forced to put the costs back  on the backs of their community.   I am glad that this legislation creates a grant program to provide  funding for water utilities to upgrade their drinking water systems in  order to effectively remove PFAS. The PFAS Infrastructure Grant Program  will ensure utilities have the resources they need to protect our water  systems without burdening the communities they serve with an  unaffordable expense.   However, as the bill is written now, the PFAS Infrastructure Grant  Program would only be authorized for 2 years. Our communities need more  flexibility and time when deciding the best way to upgrade their water  infrastructure and to combat PFAS.   My amendment would extend the PFAS Infrastructure Grant Program for  an additional 3 years, allowing water utilities time to properly  address their needs, test their water, and request funding, as  necessary.   Additionally, my amendment would increase the funding available by  $300 million over that 3-year period. By more than doubling the current  authorized amount, my amendment would ensure there are enough funds  available so utilities can afford these necessary upgrades without  negatively impacting the critical work that they do.   My State of Iowa also has many rural drinking water systems that  don't have the scale to afford massive infrastructure costs. We see,  time and time again, that smaller water systems are unable to remove  hazardous and dangerous materials simply because of cost barriers. I am  pleased that the underlying bill prioritizes small drinking water  systems, and my amendment ensures the program has enough funding so no  community is left behind.   This legislation is an important step to ensure Iowa families have  access to safe drinking water without these harmful PFAS chemicals. My  amendment strengthens the PFAS Infrastructure Grant Program, and I urge  a ``yes'' vote.   Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his support of the  amendment. I am glad there is bipartisan support to ensure that our  communities have the drinking water and resources they need to protect  that.   Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   