 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to  recommit.    Mr. Speaker, I have great respect for my colleague, but  I oppose this amendment because it is really nothing more than a  political stunt.   This bill will protect communities across this country. The drinking  water standard in this bill will be protective of the health of  populations at greater risk, what we generally call vulnerable  populations.   That requirement was opposed by the Republicans. Mr. Shimkus had an  amendment to strike that provision of the bill. He opposed protecting  vulnerable populations. I deeply respect my colleague, but he opposed  it every step of the way; and yesterday, he withdrew that amendment.   If Republicans want to protect vulnerable populations, including  pregnant women, infants, and children, they should support this bill.   Let's be very clear: PFAS is an urgent health and environmental  threat, period, and no one can deny that.   The number of contamination sites, nationwide, is growing at an  alarming rate, including our military bases--almost 400 military  installations in this country.    Developed in the 1940s, PFAS is a forever chemical. It is in the  blood of more than 99 percent of Americans. It poses potential health  risks. We know it. EPA has known the risk for decades and allowed this  contamination to spread.   EPA is not going to take care of this problem. Congress needs to act.  The longer we wait, the worse the contamination becomes. The time is  now to act on the PFAS Action Act. We have got to do it together. The  American people count on us.   The bill is a strong and serious package, and it is supported by some  Republicans. It will jump-start cleanups. It will get PFAS out of our  drinking water. It will limit PFAS in the air. It will limit PFAS in  our rivers and streams. It will drive and require comprehensive testing  for PFAS, and it will give our first responders and consumers tools to  protect themselves.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on this motion to recommit and  urge Members to support the underlining bill so we can work together to  enact laws that protect the American people.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   