 Madam Speaker, both bills under this rule are absolutely  terrible and should be rejected.   First of all, you have the proxy voting and remote voting. This has  never been done in the history of the United States--not during the  Civil War, not during previous pandemics, and we shouldn't do it now.  When you have nurses going to work, when you have grocery store workers  going to work, when you have everybody else going back to work, we are  setting a terrible example by saying: ``You don't have to show up to  work. Just give your voting card over to somebody else.'' It is  terrible.   And then when I offered an amendment in the Rules Committee yesterday  saying, ``Okay, if you don't show up to work, you don't get the travel  allowance in your MRA,'' that was rejected by every single Democrat  Member on the Rules Committee.   And then Speaker Pelosi's bill, I call it the Keep People Unemployed  Act, because that is what it is. It will incentivize people to stay  unemployed. It extends the $600-per-week unemployment payment through  January 31 of next year. It mandates all businesses continue the Family  Medical Paid Leave Act for another year, and it says that when you  apply for SNAP, food stamps, that the $600 per week that you are  getting doesn't count towards income. So now you are going to have  people that are sitting at home getting paid more than they did when  they worked and getting food stamps.   I already have businesses in my district that say we need to hire  back these people because Arizona is back open. They can't hire the  people because the people are getting paid more to sit at home.   In addition, it gives $1,200 to people that are here illegally. Why  are we not prioritizing U.S. citizens? It lets criminals who are  convicted of murder and rape, just because they are 50 years old or  older, out of prison. And it federalizes elections, mandating that  there is same-day voter registration and that everyone is mailed a  ballot.   This is a ridiculous bill in this combined rule, and I ask my Members  to vote ``no.''   