 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the  Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (H.R. 748). As  America responds to the global coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, I am  proud that the House and the Senate have worked together in bipartisan  fashion to produce an emergency relief package that will rescue our  economy from collapse and put the needs of America's working families,  our hospitals, and frontline responders first.   In this unprecedented crisis facing our nation, Congress has the  obligation to take immediate and bold action to protect the health and  economic security of all Americans. That is why Congress has already  passed two emergency relief bills that provided billions of dollars for  testing, vaccine development, food security for vulnerable populations,  and paid sick leave for workers. This third bill before us today builds  on those down payments and addresses the economic security of our  nation.   H.R. 748 will ensure that America's working families, our small  businesses, and industries vital to our economic strength will survive  this crisis and continue to thrive. This legislation will assist low  and middle-income Americans by providing them immediate financial  relief in the form of direct cash payments and expanded access to  unemployment benefits. It will provide $349 billion in loans and grants  to small businesses to ensure that they are able to pay their bills and  meet their payroll obligations. And, H.R. 748 will provide $150 billion  to state, local, and tribal governments to assist them with their  public health response and short-term spending shortages.   Additionally, I was proud to work to include $1 billion in funding  for the Community Services Block Grant (CSBG) to assist our national  network of over a thousand Community Action Agencies as they respond to  this crisis. These agencies are in almost every county in America and  will serve as a first line of defense for millions of Americans facing  unemployment and economic hardship.   H.R. 748 will also provide over $100 billion in urgently needed  assistance to our hospitals, including $1 billion for the Indian Health  Service. Our health care workers are risking their own safety on the  frontlines of this crisis, fighting every hour of the week to save  American lives. We must ensure that they have the protective personal  equipment needed to keep them safe. H.R. 748 will help give them those  tools.   As we pass this legislation today, we know that our work on behalf of  America's families is nowhere near complete. The 116th Congress will  now turn to additional legislation to assist the sick, the unemployed,  and the most vulnerable as we move through this period of national and  global crisis.   Again, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   