 Madam Speaker, this month, we mark the 150th Anniversary  of the ratification of the 15th Amendment, granting African American  men the right to vote. Later this year, we will also celebrate the  centennial of  [[Page H1009]]  the ratification of the 19th Amendment, which granted women, and  therefore African American women, the right to vote.   These important anniversaries give special meaning to Black History  Month this year, reflected in the 2020 theme, ``African Americans and  the Vote.'' This theme speaks to the long struggle on the part of Black  men and women to secure their place in American democracy, through the  Constitution and its guarantee of an unfettered and unabridged right to  vote.   The 15th Amendment was the third and final amendment adopted in the  aftermath of the Civil War. Together, the 13th, 14th, and 15th  amendments abolished slavery, granted citizenship to African Americans  and etched the right to vote into the Constitution.   While these amendments protected and expanded the rights of African  Americans, too often throughout our history these rights existed on  paper only. For the first century following ratification of the 15th  Amendment, racial violence, poll taxes, and other forms of voter  discrimination and disenfranchisement prevented African Americans from  making their voices heard at the ballot box.   Progress was slow. For every one step forward, we were often pushed  two steps back. But the Civil Rights movement and, most importantly,  the passage of the Voting Rights Act in 1965 brought America closer to  its promise of all Americans receiving equal protection under the law.   This struggle continues today. A century and a half after receiving  the right to vote and more than 50 years after passage of the Voting  Rights Act, African Americans continue to face discrimination and  barriers at the ballot box. Voter purges, early voting cutbacks, strict  ID requirements, and discriminatory gerrymandering of legislative  districts are just some of the modern-day tactics that prevent African  Americans from making their voices heard.   As we celebrate this important anniversary, may we work to fulfill  the text of the 15th amendment, which said the right to vote ``shall  not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any state on  account of race, color, or previous condition of servitude.''   