 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chair for yielding and for his  outstanding leadership and to Ranking Member Thornberry for an  outstanding job over his 25 years.    I am proud to speak in support of this bipartisan bill that was  passed unanimously out of committee. The subcommittee accepted 111  total amendments: 37 from the Republicans and 74 from the Democrats.   I would like to thank Ranking Member Kelly, whom I enjoyed working  with, and the other members of the committee and the herculean work  from our staff: Craig, Dave, Hannah, Glenn, Danielle, and from my  personal staff, Josh, Yanna, Brian, and Luke.   This bill continues the committee's tradition of improving the lives  of servicemembers and their families by authorizing a 3 percent pay  raise, requiring standardization and significant improvements to the  Exceptional Family Member Program, expanding 24-hour childcare  availability and addressing provider shortages, improving sexual  assault and intimate-partner violence prevention and response, and  delaying the Department's plan to cut the military health system to  ensure they are able to respond to future pandemics.   Americans are finally confronting the injustice of systemic racism,  and this bill initiates monumental changes in the military by creating  a DOD chief diversity officer; establishing a diversity and inclusion  council; and requiring the services to establish goals for increasing  representation of servicemembers who are women and persons of color up  the ranks, stripping personally identifiable information at promotion  boards to improve fairness, creating a special inspector general for  racial and ethnic disparities to review discrepancies in the military  justice and personnel systems, and to investigate white supremacist  activities and adding a violent extremism article to the Uniform Code  of Military Justice.   It also better protects our servicemembers from sexual and domestic  violence by creating a sexual assault prosecution pilot program at the  service academies, a system of military court protective orders, and a  military-civilian task force on domestic violence.   Mr. Speaker, as I have visited bases throughout the country, I have  told our servicemembers and their families what our credo is on the  committee: When the servicemember serves, so does his or her family. We  have made good on that promise in this bill. We owe it to our brave  servicemembers.   