 Mr. President, on March 15, 1820, Maine became our  Nation's 23rd State. It is a pleasure to join my fellow Mainers in  celebrating this bicentennial and the generations of people who have  written an inspiring and remarkable history.   The story of Maine begins long before President James Monroe signed  the legislation granting statehood to what had been a district of  Massachusetts. For thousands of years, the land has been home to the  Wabanaki, who have drawn sustenance from Maine's woods and waters. The  People of the Dawn remain valued members of our communities today, and  their reverence for nature is the foundation of the ethic of  environmental stewardship that continues to guide our State.   French explorers, led by Samuel de Champlain, first visited the area  in 1604. In 1607, more than a decade before  [[Page S1622]]  the Pilgrims landed at Plymouth, bold English pioneers established  Popham Colony and constructed the first sailing ship built in North  America. Ten years later, Captain John Smith sailed the North Atlantic  coast and named the region ``New England.''   The European settlers that followed cleared farm fields, cut timber,  and harvested the bounty of the sea. They harnessed rivers to power  grain, lumber, and textile mills. With pick and shovel, they built  roads and, later, railroads to connect communities to one another and  Maine to the world.   In June of 1775, just 2 months after Lexington and Concord, the first  naval battle of the American Revolution was fought at Machias. Armed  with nothing more than muskets, pitchforks, and axes, a militia of 30  patriots captured a British warship in a stunning American victory.  When the British tried again to subdue that hotbed of revolution 2  years later, Passamaquoddy warriors joined with the local militia to  repel the invasion.   We are a State of immigrants, first from England, Scotland, and  Ireland, then from Scandinavia. When the Acadians fled persecution in  British Canada, many found new homes in Maine, establishing our rich  Franco-American heritage. In recent years, Maine has opened its arms to  thousands of refugees from Somalia and other nations in Africa and the  Middle East.   Maine achieved statehood as a result of legislation that admitted two  new States--Maine and Missouri--to the Union--one free, one slave.  Freedom is a theme that resonates throughout Maine's history.   During the era when slavery stained our young Nation, Mainers were  fervent abolitionists and hosted a vital part of the Underground  Railroad. It was in Maine that Harriet Beecher Stowe wrote ``Uncle  Tom's Cabin,'' the novel that brought the horror of slavery into homes  throughout America.   During the Civil War, Maine provided more soldiers per capita to the  Union cause than any other State. When Joshua Chamberlain and the 20th  Maine made their heroic charge at Little Round Top, they turned the  tide at Gettysburg and saved our Nation so that all people would be  free. As the war neared its end, President Abraham Lincoln established  a network of hospitals to care for wounded veterans, the foundation of  today's VA. It was fitting that the very first of those hospitals was  in Maine.   Maine also led the way in ensuring that all American citizens have  the right to express themselves at the ballot box. Maine provided some  of the most effective leaders in the movement for women's suffrage.  Maine's Governor and two Senators played key roles in the passage of  the 19th Amendment that took effect 100 years ago, during Maine's  centennial year.   Two episodes wonderfully describe the commitment of Maine people to  liberty, equality, and dignity for all. In 1837, the crew of a Maine  schooner smuggled a slave from a southern port to our State and to  freedom. The Governor of the slave State demanded not just the return  of the slave but also the extradition of the ship's captain and first  mate to face charges of theft of property. The response of Maine's  Governor was blunt: ``We do not consider people to be property.''   In our time, in 2003, an out-of-State neo-Nazi White supremacist  group brought its message of racial bigotry and anti-Semitism to  Lewiston, a city that had recently opened its doors, and its heart, to  refugees from Somalia. The rally for hate attracted barely 30 people.  The counter rally for humanity drew more than 4,000. Another 1,000  gathered outside on a bitterly cold January day, unable to fit into the  packed Bates College gym but unwilling to let their voices go unheard.   That is the real story of Maine--a noble history that is upheld and  enhanced today. Farming, fisheries, and forest products remain vital  parts of our economy, now joined by advanced manufacturing and world- leading biomedical research. Our maritime heritage continues at our two  great shipyards that keep our Navy preeminent in the world. Mainers  continue to serve in uniform and defend freedom--we have the second  highest percentage of veterans in the Nation. The people of our State  will always come to the aid of those in need and offer a haven to the  oppressed.   When Captain John Smith explored the Maine coast more than four  centuries ago, he wrote in his log that settling that beautiful and  untamed region would take ``the best parts of art, judgment, courage,  honesty, constancy, diligence, and industry.'' The people of Maine  continue to demonstrate those qualities, and it is an honor to  celebrate this landmark anniversary with them.   