 Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R.  2610, the Fraud and Scam Reduction Act.   Mr. Speaker, we have all received those calls and those emails--folks  pretending to be from a Federal agency or law enforcement telling you  that they need your personal information or money. And while many of us  may ignore those calls or send the emails to spam, the reality is that  these fraud schemes are real, they are dangerous, and they are often  targeted at seniors.   Bad actors preying on older Americans is, unfortunately, nothing new.  But in the midst of a global pandemic impacting Americans' lives and  livelihoods, cracking down on these scams must be a priority. That is  why earlier this Congress I was proud to introduce the Stop Senior  Scams Act along with my Republican colleague, Representative Tim  Walberg, who worked very hard on this. We send our thoughts and prayers  to him.   This bill, as its name suggests, was aimed at cracking down on these  scams by creating a Federal Trade Commission advisory group and was  supported by the AARP. The FTC group that would be created would be  made up of government agencies, consumer advocates, and industry  representatives to help identify potential sources of fraud. It would  create educational materials for our Nation's seniors to protect them  from these dangerous schemes and ensure that they are not taken  advantage of.   Under the leadership of Chairman Pallone and Chairwoman Schakowsky,  and thanks to Ranking Member Walden, who is leaving us--and we are also  sorry to see him leave--and Mrs. Rodgers, the Energy and Commerce  Committee has been focused on cracking down on fraud. It was in that  spirit that our committee combined the Stop Senior Scams Act with other  antifraud provisions, creating a stronger and more comprehensive bill.  I am also proud to say that protecting our constituents is not a  partisan issue and that all five measures under H.R. 2610 are  bipartisan.   Mr. Speaker, one of the most fundamental obligations of government is  to protect its citizens. Now more than ever, the least we can do is  protect already vulnerable seniors from being taken advantage of by bad  actors.   The Fraud and Scam Reduction Act would give our seniors the  information they need and empower them to avoid these dangerous and  malicious scams. This bill is about protecting our grandparents, our  parents, our sisters, our brothers, our neighbors, and our aunts and  uncles. This is about protecting Americans, especially during a  pandemic.   I am proud to have worked with the Energy and Commerce Committee. I  thank all of the other cosponsors and my colleagues, Democrat and  Republican, for the work that they did to strengthen this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support its passage.   