 Mr. Speaker, the American people, our constituents, are  keeping this country afloat during this emergency.   They are looking at the representatives to lead--not only through the  legislation we debate and pass, but through the example we set.   I support H. Res. 965 because it will allow the House to do the  People's business in a thoughtful and safe way.   We are in the midst of the unprecedented crisis--we cannot operate as  if things are business as usual when all the science tells us that  ``business as usual'' could mean hundreds of Members, staff, and  employees of the Capitol get sick.   We need to change how the People's House operates until we ensure  that America's frontline workers have access to adequate testing and  PPE--and then can provide that same access to Members, staff, and  Capitol employees.   Because as we all know--that is the only way to dig our way out of  this health crisis.   H. Res. 965 would allow Members to designate a proxy to cast floor  votes if it's considered too dangerous to travel to Washington and  would allow for our Committees to continue their work in holding  hearings and marking up legislation.   Over the past two months, Congress has passed 4 bills to provide  much-needed relief to the close to 40 million of newly unemployed  Americans, and the 1.45 million Americans that have tested positive for  COVID-19.   Despite what my friends on the other side of the aisle say, Congress  is working and will continue to work to meet the health and economic  challenge in front of us.   H. Res. 965 gives us the ability to do that as we fervently do what  is necessary to ensure this health emergency passes.    Mr. Speaker, I rise to voice my support for the HEROES  Act.   Yesterday, another 56,000 North Carolinians filed for unemployment,  and 20 lost their lives.   Unfortunately, the public health and economic catastrophes caused by  COVID-19 are not over--our families, our small businesses, our  essential employees, our front line workers, and our Heroes need relief  now.   I'm proud that the HEROES Act contains bills I've worked hard to  support:   Emergency funding to keep our most vulnerable students fed and  healthy.   Essential health and safety protections and essential pay for our  workers who supply our food, deliver our mail and serve our seniors.   Desperately needed funding for housing, cities and states.   Critical student loan debt reliefs.   It's a lot easier to keep an economy moving than try to bring it back  from a screeching halt.   