 Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague from  Oklahoma for yielding.   Today is a dark day in the history of our country, and for that, I  rise in opposition to H. Res. 965, partisan legislation that would  upend more than 200 years of precedent and jeopardize the deliberative  process of the House of Representatives.    States have started reopening businesses, schools, and local  economies. Congress should be following suit. Yet, this is the first  time the House has come to semiregular order in over 2 weeks.   Speaker Pelosi and House Democrats are holding the people's House  hostage. They would rather erect and prolong a partisan blockade  instead of doing the people's business in the open.   Members of Congress should not be on the sidelines. We can and should  get back to official business, especially committee work. Hearings and  markups are a critical function of the people's House.   Without passing ill-conceived legislation that jeopardizes our  democratic institution, the House proved 2 weeks ago, and again today,  that we can conduct business while following health guidelines. There  is no reason congressional committees can't do the same.   Sadly, the Democrats are using this pandemic to justify gutting the  Constitution and our practices, and it is disgraceful.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from  Oklahoma for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R. 6800, Speaker  Pelosi's socialist wish list act. At a time when Americans are stepping  up for one another, it is truly disheartening to watch House Democrats  and Speaker Pelosi fail to deliver for our Nation's families, workers,  and businesses.   As frustrating as it may be, it is not surprising. Democrats  routinely disregard their own party's calls for bipartisan  collaboration and accountability by meeting in secret, behind closed  doors, without committee consensus to craft partisan monstrosities like  the one we are set to vote on.   To satisfy the most extreme socialist left, Democrats are pushing a  radical $3 trillion scheme that includes taxpayer bailouts for union- run pensions and money to illegal aliens, which will do nothing to help  this Nation combat COVID-19.   This is not a relief package. It is Speaker Pelosi's partisan, 1,800- page socialist shopping list. We should defeat it.   