 Thank you, Mr. President, and thank you to my colleague  from Delaware, not only for the kind introduction but for the very  articulate overview that he just gave of the challenge before us and  the importance of providing aid in this next relief package to State  and local governments. They have been at the forefront of our Nation's  response to COVID-19. They provide people and businesses with vital  support, scouring the world for personal protective equipment, setting  up testing centers, and providing emergency relief for families and  businesses. They also employ millions of essential public employees who  are on the frontlines of this crisis, including first responders,  teachers, and many others.   Unfortunately, as this crisis rages on, State and local communities  are facing uncertainty, mounting costs, and a devastating loss of  revenue. For too long, the Senate majority leader, Mr. McConnell,  stalled action on an additional relief package, which has only made  matters worse.   Now, as negotiations are finally underway, we must ensure that the  next relief bill provides significant additional Federal resources to  support State and local governments' efforts to save lives, protect the  public's health, and keep the economy moving.   As my colleague from Delaware mentioned, I am a former Governor. I  understand the challenges that State and local officials are  experiencing. In New Hampshire, following public health guidance, local  and State officials took necessary steps to close down portions of the  economy in order to save lives.   They are now feeling the impacts of revenue shortfalls directly  related to those actions, all while keeping up their efforts to provide  the frontline services necessary to save lives and provide economic  relief.   In a virtual roundtable with mayors and municipal leaders from all  across the Granite State last month, officials described to me the dire  situation that they are up against. Dover Mayor Bob Carrier stated:  ``The tsunami of lost revenue is on its way.'' Claremont Mayor Charlene  Lovett noted how budgetary strains are halting infrastructure projects.  With the added burden of increased expenses and loss of revenue,  Claremont risks falling behind on much needed infrastructure  improvements like fixing roads. And a number of mayors explained their  challenges with budgets for the upcoming school year.   As educators and parents make decisions on whether schools will be in  person, remote, or a hybrid version, local officials are facing deep  uncertainty about what the operational costs for schools will be.  Situations like these are playing out in cities and towns all across  our country.   Without additional funding from the Federal Government, States will  be forced to slash education, to slash infrastructure, and to slash  public health budgets, which would be devastating, especially in the  midst of a pandemic. It is not just a loss in the services that people  depend on. Millions of additional jobs would be lost as well--not only  the jobs of public workers, by the way, but, for example, the private  vendors who often do some of this work. Think about construction  workers on an infrastructure project.   Moody's Analytics reported that without significant Federal support  for State and local governments, 4 million more people--4 million more  people--could lose their jobs. That loss would be catastrophic. The  ripple effect would be felt throughout our entire economy. We can't let  that happen.   Senate Democrats are focused on providing significant economic relief  for State and local governments throughout our country because we  recognize that it is essential for economic recovery. And, as part of  our efforts to support economic recovery, we must ensure that States  have the flexibility to  [[Page S4711]]  use this funding to backfill revenue loss due to COVID-19 and preserve  jobs. Providing this funding will mitigate some of the economic damage  caused by this pandemic.   In addition, as we have heard from local leaders, from educators,  from parents, it is vital that we provide separate, dedicated funding  for schools. Senate Democrats have proposed $430 billion to help  schools implement public health protocols, address the challenges of  students who have fallen behind, and provide quality education to all  students, regardless of how the schools reopen.   Our approach stands in stark contrast to the inadequate proposal put  forward by Senator McConnell, which provides too few resources to  schools and would actually withhold aid if schools don't fully reopen  in person, even as the administration has failed to provide supplies  and a strategy that would support such efforts to reopen.   We need our Republican colleagues to work with us and deliver  sufficient relief without any further delay. We need to provide State  and local governments--as well as our schools, our first responders,  our teachers--with strong bipartisan support from the Federal  Government.   I know that right now in New Hampshire, even as teachers face  uncertainty, they are making lesson plans and trying to figure out how  they are going to make sure that their children engage in their remote  learning at home if their school system doesn't reopen, while providing  services to their students as well.   All across our State, I know that if today's heavy rains caused  flooding, our public workers will be out there around the clock  protecting their communities. I know that our law enforcement, our  firefighters will continue to respond to calls whether or not they have  enough personal protective equipment because that is what they do. They  protect, and they serve. They do it with dedication, and they do it  with commitment. They provide essential services that keep our  communities safe and healthy. It has never been as important as it is  now.   All we are asking is that we come together across party lines, with  the White House, and support our State and local governments in this  time of need so that we can continue to fight this pandemic and so that  we can continue to mitigate the economic harm that is ravaging our  country.   That is what State and local aid will provide to the people of New  Hampshire and the people of our country. That is what this moment--this  moment of the worst healthcare crisis that we have seen in 100 years  and the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression--that is what  this moment demands. The livelihoods of millions of Americans and the  lives of millions of Americans depend on our taking action right now   I yield the floor to my colleague from Ohio.   