 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chairman, when you default on a student loan, you impact your  credit score. Indeed, your credit score with all three credit agencies  will most likely drop. That means that buying or renting a house,  purchasing or leasing a vehicle, going back to school, or receiving  competitive offers for credit cards will be very difficult.   Each year, more than 1 million student loan borrowers go into  default. Nearly 40 percent of borrowers today are expected to default  on their student loans by 2023.   We know that people most at risk of defaulting on their student loans  are more likely to be Hispanic or African American. Defaulters are more  likely to be older, to be Pell grant recipients, and to come from a  nontraditional educational background when compared to borrowers who  never default.   Research also tells us that people of color are more burdened by  their educational debt. They have less parental wealth to draw on, as  well as higher rates of unemployment.   By the time their loan falls into default, a typical borrower will  see their score drop around 60 points, to an average of 550, which is  considered very poor.   Entering default makes it harder to obtain future loans and prevents  borrowers from receiving any additional Federal student aid until their  loans return to good standing. Loan providers can then begin to garnish  their wages, to impose restrictions on earnings, and to take their tax  refund.   A student loan default stays on your credit report for 7 years--even  if you pay off the loan in full. Having that notification on your  credit report will make lenders nervous about working with you and hurt  your economic stability for years.   Mr. Chairman, my amendment instructs the GAO to carry out a thorough  review on how credit scores impacted by a student loan default can  destroy people's lives. The amendment also asks the GAO to examine how  multiple delinquencies on private student loans can hurt borrowers,  including a demographic breakdown by race, gender, age, sexual  orientation, and socioeconomic status.   Allowing student loans to enter delinquency can often have a negative  effect on a borrower's credit score and in credit reports due to the  fact that each loan is reported individually.   Mr. Chairman, Congress has a vested interest in ensuring that we  expand the middle class, we grow the economy, and we protect consumers  from irreversible financial damage to their credit. I believe that H.R.  3621, with the inclusion of this amendment, will establish parity for  student borrowers and provide Congress with the necessary tools to  craft meaningful legislation that will help avoid the tragedy of  student loan default.   I thank Congresswoman Kendra Horn for sharing my concerns on this  issue and for cosponsoring this amendment.   Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   