 Mr. Speaker, today, at a time when the United  States Postal Service is needed more than ever before, I am proud to  stand in support of H.R. 8015, the Delivering for America Act.   Ahead of the November elections, we must focus all efforts and  resources to ensure that voting is safe, fair, and accessible for all.  That's why I am pleased that the Delivering for America Act includes a  requirement for election mail to be considered first-class, a ban on  the removal of mail sorting machines, and a total reversal of any  policies hindering the delivery of mail.   Election mail is not the only mail impacted by the recent changes. In  my district, I have heard stories from my constituents about delays in  delivery for vital medications, bills, and other important packages  through the mail. At a time when seniors and those with preexisting  conditions are unable to go out in public to pharmacies, or when those  who lost their jobs see the bills piling up, timely deliveries should  be the least of their worries.   This past week, I had the opportunity to meet with the Dallas County  Postal Service and Union leaders to address the role of the federal  government in protecting the processes, operations, and service  standards for the USPS. There, I was glad to hear that everything was  running up to speed thanks to the hardworking men and women--who risk  their health day in and day out--to guarantee that our mail is  delivered.   The USPS boasts one of the most diverse workforces in the country. In  Texas, African Americans and Latinos make up a significant percentage  of employees, and more than 50 percent are women. Because minority  communities are disproportionately affected by COVID-19, proper PPE is  necessary for their safety--which this bill provides funding for. It  also prohibits a restriction on the use of overtime pay for USPS  employees and prevents the institution of a hiring freeze, to ensure  that they are equitably compensated for their efforts.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure and hope  for its immediate consideration in the Senate.   