 Madam President, this week we debate, as the Senate  should, the annual Defense bill, the National Defense Authorization  Act.   I served 23 years in military uniform, as both a company commander in  Iraq and Kuwait during Operation Iraqi Freedom and as a logistics  battalion commander with the Iowa National Guard. It is because of that  experience that I understand that the work we do here on this  bipartisan Defense bill matters immensely to our troops.   When the COVID-19 pandemic hit us, 50,000 National Guard and Active- Duty troops answered the call without hesitation and are out there  today running test sites, delivering medical supplies by ground and by  air, and even running  [[Page S3990]]  food banks to ensure no one goes without during this trying time.   During a recent confirmation hearing for Lieutenant General Hokanson  to be the head of the National Guard Bureau, I asked what the Governors  would do without the National Guard. He said he shuddered to think what  they would do because they are America's first response in communities  across the Nation.   Just a few weeks ago, on June 7, we had over 120,000 National Guard  deployed, and that includes not only those within the United States but  those that are deployed overseas.   As a former National Guardsman, I can tell you these are some of our  best and brightest. They are ready to go at a moment's notice, to  respond to anything, whether it is civil unrest, pandemics, or natural  disasters.   That is why I am extremely pleased that this Defense bill includes my  provision to provide hazardous duty pay for our National Guard and  other troops who are deployed to fight COVID-19.   Now, being a woman in the military has many challenges, and some of  these obstacles are preventable and ones we here in the Senate can take  action on--for example, ensuring our female servicemembers are properly  equipped for the battlefield. Through my efforts and that of my fellow  Army veteran, Senator Tammy Duckworth of Illinois, this Defense bill  ensures female troops will have body armor that fits them properly, and  DOD will be forced to report to us on their progress in finally getting  this done.   It is not just the body armor. We are protecting troops in other  areas as well. One issue I have worked on for quite some time is  treating and preventing traumatic brain injury--or TBI. This year's  NDAA funds effective treatments for TBI, such as noninvasive  neurostimulation therapy that has been proven to work in clinical  trials.   Through my provisions in the bill, we are also improving safety for  military vehicles and ensuring our troops have the best weapons and  ammunition. Our soldiers have been carrying the same weapons and ammo  for decades, and they are about to jump to the next generation of  weapons with a new and better ammunition package.   By bolstering funding for our Army's small arms rifles and automatic  weapons, our infantry will finally be carrying the most effective  assault weapons on the planet in a few short months.   Now, when we look at waste in our Federal Government, folks know that  I call it as I see it. As a former member of our military, I am not  proud to say it, but the Department of Defense oftentimes is  responsible for some of our most egregious spending.   So to protect Iowa's taxpayers, I made sure in this NDAA that we  require all DOD grant recipients who get Federal dollars to include a  pricetag disclosing the cost to taxpayers for their projects if they  put out a press release for their work.   The Comptroller General will also investigate the most expensive cost  overruns in weapons systems, and the Pentagon will tell Congress their  top 10 most expensive weapons to fix and maintain.   On duplication and waste, I was proud that my subcommittee--the  Subcommittee on Intelligence and Emerging Threats and Capabilities--cut  $300 million in research and development programs that were wasteful,  duplicative, or simply not a priority; and we redirected this funding  toward urgent research needs, such as getting a deployable coronavirus  vaccine for our troops and for funding TBI programs.   The NDAA also requires the most senior science and technology leaders  to meet and discuss their research to ensure that it is coordinated and  that the Pentagon doesn't continue to pay for the same research twice.   Finally, and very importantly, this Defense bill starts the long and  hard work to fix our overdependence on China, a near-peer adversary  that we should always keep our guard up against. In the defense realm,  the United States has grown too reliant on the Chinese Communist Party  for components and materials and for our most advanced weapons systems.   Through my efforts in the bill, we are helping secure the U.S. supply  chain for rare earth metals and battery components so that we don't  rely on China for our weapons.   We are also working to deploy counterdrone weapons to stop unmanned  aerial attacks on troops and invest in the latest technology for heads- up displays and wearable tech for our soldiers, sailors, airmen, and  marines.   Before I close, I want to remind everyone of something. The National  Defense Authorization Act is largely bipartisan. It is through the work  we did in our Armed Services Committee, led by Senator Jim Inhofe and  Ranking Member Jack Reed, that we were able to move quickly and debate  it on the floor this week.   In what seems like a never-ending polarization of politics, important  work like the NDAA often goes unnoticed or is only highlighted because  of the newsworthy provisions in the bill. I wish that were not the  case.   As I have said many times over, America does not have a perfect  history, and many of our heroes were flawed, but, folks, we still live  in the greatest country on the face of this planet. That is because of  men and women who have fought and died to protect our freedoms,  liberties, and rights, and our troops continuing to serve on the  frontlines to protect our homeland. Ensuring our troops are ready for  the threats we face now and well into the future is something we should  all celebrate.   I yield the floor.   