 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the  amendment because I am opposed to the amendment.    Mr. Speaker, frankly, the amendment  offered by Representative Levin is a perfect distillation of the  problems with the underlying legislation.   The amendment limits the grant program in the bill so that only  entities partnering with unions would be eligible to receive funding,  notwithstanding what he has said.   My colleagues across the aisle may claim that this is not the case  because they require union partnership only ``to the extent  practicable.'' However, ``to the extent practicable'' is in the eye of  the beholder. We have checked with CRS, and CRS has said it is  purposefully ambiguous.   Whatever their intent, this is not how this provision would be  implemented. Even if the ``as practicable'' is implemented as not being  a requirement, it is certainly suggesting Congress has a strong  preference for unions and organizations partnering with them to receive  grant funds.   This would block countless potential participants from accessing  these funds and would further cement the program in the way it has been  since the 1930s.   Unfortunately, Democrats are doubling down on the problems with their  program and once again are choosing to provide benefits to politically  favored unions rather than addressing the underlying problems.   If we want to reach 1 million apprenticeships in this country, I fail  to see how limiting access by creating earmarks and kickbacks will  achieve that goal.   The majority has said over and over again that this bill would create  1 million new apprenticeships. That isn't true without this amendment,  and it will be even less accurate if this amendment is adopted.   It isn't true because they misunderstand the reason that growth in  the registered apprenticeship program has been limited in the past.  Businesses choose not to participate in registered apprenticeships  because the government already makes it too complicated. Despite my  colleagues' hopes, simply authorizing more money cannot solve that  issue.   A number of groups have recognized the problems inherent with this  amendment and have spoken in opposition, including the Chamber of  Commerce, Associated Builders and Contractors, Associated General  Contractors of America, and Independent Electrical Contractors. They  understand that reaching 1 million apprenticeships is not going to  happen by turning the grant program in the underlying bill into a union  slush fund.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my colleagues to vote against this  amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, you know what is so sad to  me is that I am out every week in my district talking to job creators  and businesses who are desperate for workers and who want to create  apprenticeship programs but will not go through the onerous process of  the registered apprenticeship program.   Yet, these are the people who are paying the taxes, and hardworking  Americans in those jobs are paying the taxes. What the Democrats want  to do is to transfer hardworking taxpayer dollars over to their friends  in the unions, keeping them solvent.   We know union membership is down. This is a way to boost their  membership, by forcing business and industry to go into the registered  apprenticeship program.   This is wrong. They are not representing hardworking Americans who  want to develop skills for the in-demand jobs. This is the wrong way  for our country to be going.   We need to support all types of business and industry that wants to  help people gain the skills that they need for the in-demand jobs.   This amendment is wrong. This bill is wrong. We should vote against  the amendment, and we should vote against the bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas  and nays.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from  Pennsylvania for his work on the committee, which has been excellent,  and for his work on this bill and this amendment, in particular.   Mr. Speaker, the National Apprenticeship Act has remained untouched  for the last 80 years, until today. The legislation we put forward now  should modernize the registered apprenticeship system and create  forward-thinking solutions for the American workforce.   This amendment makes real reforms to the registered apprenticeship  system, sparks innovation, expands opportunities, and encourages  alternate pathways for apprentices and employers.   Who knows better what the workforce needs than employers?   Washington bureaucrats have run the one-size-fits-all system for  decades, and far too many businesses still choose not to participate  because it simply isn't workable for them. This means job opportunities  are left on the table because the current system isn't built for  success, opportunities we cannot afford to close the door on if our  workforce is going to recover from the damage done by the pandemic.   If we want the registered apprenticeship system to adapt to the ever- changing needs of the economy and workforce, we need to provide  employers a seat at the table in making a model that actually addresses  the skills gap.   This amendment eliminates the barriers that have developed over time  in the current system, creates parity between union and nonunion- sponsored programs, and makes it easier for everyone to participate,  particularly the small businesses and sponsors who have been shut out  before.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas  and nays.   