 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this  resolution disapproving the Administration's new ``Borrowers Defense to  Repayment'' rule. This proposed rule would make it more difficult for  defrauded students in my district to seek relief from their student  loan obligations.   Over the past few years, we have seen large for-profit colleges close  shop, leaving students with significant amounts of student debt and  useless degrees. These closures included multiple campuses in North  Texas, thus impacting thousands of students across the state. These  students were falsely promised a better life if they obtained a degree  from these institutions. However, because of these closures, students  were worse off financially.   The Obama Administration proposed rules that would streamline the  process for students to get discharged from their student loan  obligations and be able to move on with their lives. Unfortunately,  these rules were unable to go into effect due to Secretary DeVos's  unlawful refusal to implement the Obama-era rule. Instead, Secretary  DeVos has worked tirelessly to make the process for students seeking  relief more burdensome.   The new Borrower's Defense rule makes it harder for borrowers to seek  the relief they desperately need so that they can move on with their  lives. The new rule drastically shortens the application period for  borrowers to apply for relief, raises the bar that borrowers have to  prove that an institution defrauded them, and allows instructions to  access the evidence provided the borrower so that they have an  advantage when attempting to undermine these claims.   Simply put, Secretary DeVos' Borrowers Defense rule rigs the game in  favor of fraudulent institutions while making life much more difficult  for those students that were ripped off. Mr. Speaker, I urge my  colleagues to vote in favor of this resolution so that we may use our  Congressional Review Act authority to stop this rule before it ruins  the livelihood of any more students.   