 Mr. President, I rise today to be joined by my  colleagues as well. I am very grateful to see the Senator from Ohio  here.   Thank you so much for being on the floor.   Other colleagues will join to speak this evening on behalf of  millions of American families who are struggling to make ends meet and  feed their families at this incredibly challenging time.   The COVID-19 crisis is taking a profound toll on our economy and the  quality of life of millions of families. As businesses have closed and  millions have lost their jobs, the number of people in need of food  assistance has soared. Food banks have seen a 70-percent increase in  demand--70 percent increase in demand. We have all seen the photos of  lines of families in cars stretching on and on for miles, waiting in  parking lots with moms and dads, trying to get food for their children.  And even though donations have gone up--we are a generous people in  this country--donations have gone up, but the need has far outpaced the  funds that are available.   As the pandemic swept across our Nation, one in five adults  experienced food insecurity--one in five. More than 3 months later,  even more Americans in every State are struggling to put food on the  table. These are laid-off workers who lost their jobs due to the  pandemic and aren't sure they will be able to find employment. Many of  them need food assistance, and it is for the first time in their life  that they need to ask for that help.   These are single moms and dads who are worried about getting their  kids fed before they even think about themselves.   These are veterans who are willing to put their lives on the line for  the country. Now they are struggling to find work and make rent and  just need a little extra help getting the food they need to survive.   These are senior citizens who are at high risk of COVID-19 and have  had to make drastic changes to their day-to-day life just to stay safe.   These are children who relied on school meals for breakfast and  lunch, possibly after school as well, who have gotten used to the pain  of an empty stomach since their school closed.   To these people, hunger is not a partisan issue. It is not a  political issue. For them, it is a daily reality that they face. For  many of them, SNAP is the vital lifeline that keeps them fed in times  of need, and today that need is even greater. If we are looking at the  direction of COVID-19 and what is happening across the country, I am  concerned, but I think it is realistic to say that the need is going to  go even higher.   In any crisis, it is just common sense to make sure affected families  have their basic needs met. When I think of my friend from Ohio, who is  our champion on housing--we talked about housing as being a basic need.  I don't know anything more basic than a roof over your head and food on  the table. Food and housing are pretty basic. We would all suggest that  those are things that you start with and that you want for yourself and  your family.   When people's lives are turned upside down through no fault of their  own, Americans come together to provide a temporary safety net to help  them get back on their feet. That is what the Supplemental Nutrition  Assistance Program is, SNAP. It is not there for when folks don't need  it; it is there for when they do need it.   During every past disaster, we have acted to make sure, as Americans,  that people don't go hungry. On a bipartisan basis, we have increased  SNAP benefits when families are in need and in cases of natural and  economic disasters, like after the 2008 financial crisis.   I do note that my dear friend, the chairman of the Ag Committee--who  I  [[Page S4122]]  think is on a different side of what we are going to be asking for  tonight--he and I have come together over and over again on a  bipartisan basis and will continue to do that to work together on these  issues.   We provide additional help to people in need. That is the first thing  we do. Yet we know that increasing SNAP benefits, in addition to  helping people in need, should be No. 1. Put people first--that should  be No. 1.   The great news with SNAP is that it also boosts the economy. This is  a twofer. According to the USDA, SNAP is one of the best investments we  can make. For every dollar we put into SNAP benefits, when somebody  walks into the grocery store and buys food, we see roughly $1.70 more  in the economy. It is the most efficient way to help farmers and to  help the food industry, is to allow people to have money to buy food  for themselves and their kids and for their parents.   We know that every additional billion dollars in SNAP supports nearly  14,000 jobs.   Usually families spend their benefits immediately, so it is very  quick. I mean, you don't spend a lot of time--if you are hungry, you  are not going to be waiting a couple of weeks before you use your SNAP  benefits; you are going to immediately go to the store. That is an  immediate economic impact.   When families buy food at grocery stores and markets, as I said, they  are strengthening their local economies and the supply chain as a  whole, from the farmers to the truckdrivers, to the stockers, to the  cashiers, to the folks who invest in the stock markets.   In fact, farmers understand better than anybody that families are  their customers. That is why, when we write a bipartisan farm bill,  which I am proud that we have been able to do, we make sure it helps  both farmers and families.   Farm bills are about a farmer safety net. Farmers need additional  help right now. It is also about a family's safety net, and families  need help right now. Families across the country need help right now,  and this time is no different. Nearly 2,500 farm and food advocates  agree with that. In a letter to Senate leadership, these groups,  including the National Council of Farmer Cooperatives, the National  Milk Producers Federation, the National Farmers Union--thousands of  organizations--have urged us to increase SNAP benefits for families in  need right now with what is happening right now in this crisis.   We are asking for something very simple and very reasonable, a 15- percent boost in SNAP benefits. This increase means an additional $25 a  month per person. That may not seem like much, unless you don't have  any food, unless you can't feed your children, unless you are a senior,  and you can't get food.   The fact is, it may mean that a mom can actually give her children  some fruits and vegetables so they can stay healthy while they are  staying at home through this crisis. It means maybe one less skipped  meal at the end of the month. One less skipped meal, that is what we  are talking about.   This modest increase will help ensure that families most affected by  the pandemic will be able to cover the cost of food while they stay  safe, while they look for work, and while they rebuild their lives,  which many families are needing to do.   We also need to increase the minimum amount of SNAP from $16 to $30  per day. Again, for all of us, that doesn't seem like a lot. The  reality is, this may be lifesaving--lifesaving--this difference,  especially for our seniors who live alone.   We must also waive the Trump administration's harmful regulations  that will take food assistance away from hungry Americans when they  need it the most. At a time when our neighbors and our economy are  struggling, it is unconscionable to move forward with rules that would  cut and deny benefits to millions of Americans, rules that would take  away school meals from up to 1 million children.   The Senate has the power to provide quick help to millions of people  in every State across the country right now, right now. What a great  way to spend a Wednesday evening to be able to help millions of  families during this crisis.   This is urgently needed. This is urgently needed help for the  millions of families who are wondering where their next meal is going  to come from. This is urgently needed help for the millions of people  who have lost their jobs through no fault of their own in this crisis.   When an unprecedented emergency has put American lives and  livelihoods in danger, we have an obligation to act. It is not only our  sworn duty; it is the right thing to do. It is just, plainly, the right  thing to do.   Boosting SNAP benefits is a tried-and-true, effective way to  strengthen the economy and help Americans put food on the table. The  U.S. Senate should not look away in the face of so much need.   Therefore, Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of my bill to make temporary  modifications to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, which  is at the desk. I further ask that the bill be considered read three  times and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered made  and laid upon the table.    Mr. President.    Mr. President, I agree with my friend from Kansas that  we work together in many ways and have been able to get a lot of good  things together by working across the aisle. I want to focus on just a  couple of things to expound on what he said, though.   While we, in fact, did add dollars for some emergency SNAP in the  original Families First Response Act, unfortunately, about 40 percent  of the households didn't get any extra help at all. These were our  poorest citizens. These were those who were already getting--because  their income was so low--the maximum benefit, and they got no help at  all. So 40 percent of the folks didn't see anything that was just  described, and, for others, we are very concerned about the temporary  nature of this and the fact that it was not enough to sustain what is  happening for families.   The 15 percent that we are talking about, which is something that was  done back during the economic recession and has been done in various  ways in the past, is an important response to make sure that every  single family and  [[Page S4123]]  individual who needs food assistance--not just some but that every  single one can get the help they need at this time.   What has been done up to this point was a start. It is surely not  enough--surely not enough. At the very beginning of this process, it  was not clear how long this was going to go or how deep this was going  to go.   The U.S. Senate needs to respond to what we are seeing now and how  families are being affected across the country.   I am going to now yield to Senator Brown and then Senator Klobuchar.  I believe I saw her on the floor as well. Yes, Senator Klobuchar and  then Senator Wyden as well--three tremendous advocates.   Thank you so much.   Senator Brown    Mr. President, I want to thank Senator Brown for his  eloquence and advocacy, and I want to thank him also for being an  incredibly effective member of the Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry  Committee, as is our next speaker, the senior Senator from Minnesota-- two Members that I am so proud to have as partners of mine on the  Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry Committee.   I yield time to Senator Klobuchar.    Mr. President, I want to thank my friend from Minnesota  for her wonderful words. Again, we think about all the need that is  there, and we are here just trying to make sure that people can get  their basics, such as food on the table for the kids.   We are very fortunate, and I feel very fortunate to have both  Senators from Oregon here on the floor this evening. I am going to  first yield now to Senator Wyden, but I want to say first: Senator  Wyden is the ranking member of the Finance Committee, as we know. I  think that is a pretty powerful committee, and we are grateful for his  leadership.   I am particularly grateful for the work the Senator is doing and has  done on unemployment compensation and what needs to be done and the  importance of tying all of this together--for somebody having enough  income to be able to pay the rent and then getting enough help to put  food on the table.   I am proud to be his partner and very much appreciate all that he is  doing to put people first--Senator Wyden    I am going to yield to Senator Merkley in a second.  First, I want to say to the senior Senator from Oregon, when you talk  about the Oregon Way, this needs to be the American way. This is the  American way.   Right now, the average food benefit under SNAP is $4.17 a day for a  person.  [[Page S4126]]  Think about going to the grocery store--$4.17 a day. We are asking for  a 15-percent increase during this pandemic. We ought to all be looking  at these numbers and going: Come on, the America way ought to be to  make sure somebody can put food on the table for the children and that  they are not eating a Milky Way until they can get to school.   I am going to now turn to Senator Merkley. I want to give a shout-out  to Senator Merkley, who is the ranking Democrat on the Agriculture  Subcommittee of Appropriations, extremely important. He is such a  wonderful partner and advocate on all of the food access issues and  healthy food issues and so on. We are so lucky to have Senator Merkley  in the position that he is in. I will turn to Senator Merkley.   I yield time to Senator Merkley.    My guess would be that everyone is like me, and, no, I  have not experienced a sense of it.    We are all extremely fortunate; we don't have to  experience that.    Absolutely--at least doubled, absolutely.    I don't think hunger ever takes a vacation, if it is in  the middle of the night, early in the morning, all the way through the  week. I mean, the reality is, when we are here, there are people around  this country who are hungry. When Senator McConnell adjourns the Senate  for the week and we are not here for the next 2 weeks, people are going  to continue to be hungry and probably getting more and more hungry as  the economic situation gets worse.    Absolutely.    Mr. President, I want to thank my friend from Oregon  for his comments and his ongoing leadership on the Appropriations  Committee. It is incredibly important.   Now, I am going to turn to the Senator from Pennsylvania, Mr. Casey,  and thank him on so many different issues, which range from children  and what they need, in terms of healthcare and being able to have the  support they need to be able to grow and be successful, all the way up  to our older citizens and those in nursing homes, where he is providing  such advocacy now as we look at what needs to be done to support our  seniors and those in nursing homes.   Thank you for always putting people first and for joining us tonight.    Mr. President, first, I thank my friend from  Pennsylvania for his passion and for his being such a wonderful partner  on these issues. I very much appreciate his speaking about the fact  that there is an economic benefit.   If nothing else, if someone wants to look at how we can help our  farmers, how we can help our grocery stores, how we can help those in  the food chain--all of whom we want to help as well--you do that in the  most efficient way possible, which is by giving people the funds to go  buy food directly in the grocery stores so that they are able, when  they have a need like this, to support their families.   The great thing about SNAP is that it is set up so that when the  economy gets better, the food assistance goes down. When the economy  gets worse, the food assistance goes up. The challenge for us right now  is that there is such a crisis and there are so many more people  needing help--people who never in their lives thought they would need  help--that we are in a situation in which we are called upon to meet  that need and to be able to increase what we are doing.   There was a small effort at the beginning to provide some additional  help, but it nowhere near met the need we have now--nowhere near. When  I think about negotiating the CARES Act and the fact that, again, the  average benefit for food assistance in this country per person is $4.17  a day, the White House said no to any increase to the $4.17 a day.  Leader McConnell said no to any increase in the CARES Act--to the $4.17  a day for people.   There is something wrong with that, so we are here on the floor to  say we have to do better. The Senate has to do better. The House did  better when it passed the Heroes Act. It gave some additional support  and help. The Senate needs to do the same. The Senate could have done  the same tonight rather than to now wait 2 weeks, as we will not be in  session. We haven't really started negotiating what comes next, and it  will take weeks after that.   Every single day, there are people going hungry. The pain that  Senator Casey talked about is something being experienced by people  tonight and being experienced by people in the morning and every single  day going forward. That is the reality for too many families in  America--in the United States of America--and it doesn't have to be  that way.   We can at least give some help. I wish we could do more. We couldn't  get a 15-percent increase in the CARES Act. I would love to be able to  do more than that, but at a minimum, we should be doing that. That is  what the House did. That is what has been done in other economic  downturns, and that is what we should be doing to help families in  America who, frankly, just want to know somebody has their backs right  now when everything is coming at them and when they are trying to  figure out how they are going to keep their heads above water and care  for their children and make sure that the older adults in their lives  have the help and support they need as well.   We are going to keep working on this until we get it. There is just  no excuse not to be able to meet the need that so many millions of  families are feeling right now.   This is a moral moment for the Senate. It could have been a moral  Wednesday. If there had not been an objection, we could have gotten it  done tonight. Wouldn't that have been a great way to go into the Fourth  of July weekend--being able to provide some small, additional food  assistance for millions of Americans who are in need right now? This is  not going to happen now because of the objection, but we are going to  keep going until we can get families the help they need.   I yield the floor.   