 Mr. Speaker, every 22 hours, a Delaware family  loses a loved one to an overdose. Unfortunately, that figure may  increase due to the proliferation of synthetic opioids like fentanyl.  Fentanyl has made this national public health emergency increasingly  deadly and increasingly difficult to address. My home state of Delaware  continues to see an unacceptably high loss of life due to the  increasing prevalence of synthetic opioids like fentanyl and despite  the work Congress has done to address this crisis. With the passage of  the bipartisan SUPPORT Act, we took significant steps forward to truly  address the opioid epidemic. But it is clear that we must do more.   We need a comprehensive response to combat the opioid epidemic and  the proliferation of fentanyl. I call on my colleagues to provide the  funding needed to effectively treat substance use disorder, funding I  proudly champion as a supporter of the Respond NOW Act, which would  provide $5 billion dollars a year to treatment services. And I hope to  work with my colleagues in the near future to advocate for the kind of  policies we need to effectively respond to fentanyl and finally bring  the relief our communities deserve.   We cannot arrest our way out of this crisis and this bill gives me  serious concern. Sadly, our criminal justice system is not able to  solve this problem. Too often the proposed solution has been to take  away judicial discretion in favor of mandatory minimums,  disproportionately affecting the poor and people of color. Worse, this  drive to incarcerate coupled with the lack of effective treatment for  substance use disorder behind the walls of our correctional  institutions threatens to make a national crisis into a national  disaster. While controlling the flow of illicit fentanyl can help  mitigate this crisis, it can only do so temporarily. And that is why I  support S. 3201 today because while it is far from perfect, we need to  try and curb the increase of addiction and death by fentanyl because  too often, these tragic deaths disproportionately impact people of  color. This bill will only extend the DEA's scheduling order for 15  months and require an important study to give us the information we  need to truly solve this calamity. It will give us time to create the  long-term solution the country needs.   