 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the NO BAN Act.   Today is about our commitment to the most sacred of American ideals:  to celebrate our diversity. But this administration has embarked on a  crusade to demonize immigrants and our Muslim-American community.   Americans and their families have been targeted because of their  religious beliefs, their race, and their ethnicity. Because of this  bigotry, families and loved ones have been separated, unable to  celebrate milestones or face hardships together.   Madam Speaker, I stand here today because one of the greatest and  most beautiful things about our country is the diversity of people,  views, and perspectives. We cannot allow an administration to upend our  immigration system and upend our ideals. We must always stand up and  speak out.    Madam Speaker, I remember my grandparents' and parents' stories about  World War II, when they were ostracized and ultimately removed to  internment camps. Let's not forget this past xenophobic history.   Madam Speaker, I am proud to support this bill, and I urge my  colleagues to do the same.    Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in honor of a beloved  colleague and wonderful friend, John Lewis.   I first met John when my husband, Bob Matsui, was a Member of  Congress. Bob loved John. He loved him for his humanity, his  conviction, and the fact that he was a total human being.   I had heard so much about John because he was a historic figure, but  I saw another side of him, too, when Bob brought him to Sacramento. He  met many people. And I remember his walking across a university campus  with the president of the university when he ran across, Bob and he and  John, a bunch of chickens that the students were advocating to keep on  campus. The president was saying: No. We have got to get the chickens  out.   The president said: Excuse me, Mr. Lewis, but we are going to get rid  of those chickens.   And John said: No way are you going to get rid of those chickens. I  learned to preach by preaching to chickens.   That is the part of John that I really loved, too, that humorous  part, the part you can laugh with.   But this gentle giant lived also every single day to overcome  injustice, eradicate racism, and give hope to all who  [[Page H3679]]  walked beside him. He is a total person.   At this moment in our history when speaking truth to power is so  vital, it is more important than ever to follow John's words, to  ``stand up, speak out, and keep your eyes on the prize.''   John taught us all that America is greater than the sum of its parts.  When you weave a rich, colorful tapestry, the weaving itself makes it  strong. His impact will be forever felt in our Nation's conscience, and  we are all better for it.   At this difficult time, my prayers are with the Lewis family and all  his friends. He will be sorely missed.   I love you, John.   