 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the House  amendment to H.R. 925, the updated version of the Heroes Act.   Mr. Speaker, Democrats have been working every single day to respond  to this pandemic and provide much-needed relief and protection for  families across the country. 139 days ago, House Democrats voted to  pass the Heroes Act. Unfortunately, President Trump, Mitch McConnell,  and Senate Republicans have blocked the bill and prevented the  essential relief the legislation provides from reaching our  neighborhoods and our communities.   Meanwhile, the Nation continues to suffer during this crisis. Even  before this pandemic, over half a million people in the United States  were experiencing homelessness, including more than 50,000 families  with children. It is likely that this number has grown significantly  due to the pandemic.   We also continue to head toward a catastrophic eviction crisis as  families struggle to pay rent and months of unpaid back rent pile up.  Today, the rent is due, but an estimated 14.2 million renter households  cannot pay it and are at risk of eviction and homelessness.   In my State of California, there are 1.7 million renter households  who are behind on rent and facing eviction. At the same time, more than  8 million homeowners, including almost 780,000 homeowners in  California, have already fallen behind on their mortgage payments.  Making matters worse, over 1 million small businesses have closed.   To address the ongoing crisis, the updated Heroes Act creates a $50  billion emergency rental assistance fund and a $21 billion homeowner  assistance fund, and it provides $5 billion in funding for homeless  services providers.   Through no fault of their own, millions of people are also unable to  make payments on credit cards, car loans, and their mortgages or rent.  By suspending negative credit reporting during the COVID-19 period, the  Heroes Act ensures that these innocent consumers do not suffer further  damage.   The Heroes Act also suspends debt collection for consumers, small  businesses, and nonprofits during this pandemic. Additionally, private  student loan borrowers in economic distress, who are disproportionately  people of color, will get up to $10,000 in debt relief under the bill.   The Nation continues to face shortages of essential medical supplies  and equipment. For example, our heroic healthcare workers are still  reusing N95 respirator masks at a time when cases of COVID-19 continue  to rise. The Heroes Act strengthens the Defense Production Act to  supercharge the production of these supplies and works to ensure that  funds are directed to alleviate those shortages.    The updated Heroes Act also builds upon my efforts and those of  members of my committee to remove barriers for Community Development  Financial Institutions--that is, the CDFIs--and the minority depository  institutions, better known as MDIs, trying to serve low-and moderate- income communities during the pandemic.   For example, the bill provides $15 billion in capital and other  assistance for CDFIs and MDIs to bolster financing activity in minority  communities, which have been hardest hit by this pandemic.   Mr. Speaker, I am so pleased that the bill provides another round of  stimulus payments for families and additional funding for small  business, including $120 billion for restaurants and airport  concessionaires.   Importantly, the bill directs the Treasury Secretary to work with the  global community to immediately provide $2 trillion in relief through  the International Monetary Fund, which will immediately support  developing countries that are experiencing some of the worst effects of  COVID-19.   Mr. Speaker, this bill isn't everything that is needed, but it is a  good faith effort to bridge the gap in negotiations with our Republican  colleagues. It is time for Republicans to stop blocking coronavirus  relief and support this legislation.   