 Madam Speaker, today, I rise in support of H.R.  1425, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Enhancement Act. This  bill will make critical improvements to our current health care system  by ensuring affordable access to medical services and lifesaving  prescriptions. By expanding the insurance affordability subsidies,  establishing a federal negotiating authority for lower drug prices, and  extending Medicaid coverage to crucial populations, this legislation  will ensure that our communities can better withstand and recover from  the seismic impact of this COVID-19 pandemic.   It is inacceptable that during this public health emergency, our  federal government should act in any manner except to strengthen and  protect our health system. The current administration's request last  week to the Supreme Court to overturn the Affordable Care Act threatens  the very protections and medical services that our constituents and  communities are relying on for life saving care during this pandemic.   As the first registered nurse elected to Congress, I can attest to  the importance of the Affordable Care Act in improving our country's  health care, especially through the protections for the 133 million  Americans living with pre-existing conditions--of which 11.5 million  live in my home state of Texas. If our country were to lose the gains  of the Affordable Care Act, all these individuals will have to face  uncertain insurance markets without critical protections. It is more  abhorrent for any efforts to be made to destabilize our health system  during a time of crisis, especially since our communities of color are  already facing disproportionate impacts of this virus through higher  rates of comorbidities and higher reported rates of hospitalizations  and deaths. To further jeopardize access to existing health care  services amidst these compounding factors would prove devastating for  the health and wellbeing of our minority communities.   Therefore, I am proud to support the Patient Protection and  Affordable Care Enhancement Act, and I am committed to fighting for the  preservation of accessible and quality health care services for the  families throughout North Texas.    Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in support of H.R.  7301, the Emergency Housing Protections and Relief Act of 2020. This  bill directly addresses the needs of renters and homeowners who have  been severely impacted by this novel corona virus pandemic. As the  provisions of this bill were also included in the Heroes Act which  passed the House last month, I am dedicated to continuing pushing for  these critically needed federal resources to reach our hard-hit  communities.   As founder and co-chair of the Congressional Homelessness Caucus, I  am proud of this effort to ensure that our most vulnerable constituents  and families dealing with housing insecurity during COVID-19 are not  forgotten. It is of utmost urgency that our communities are provided  the resources needed to ensure that no individual faces homelessness  due to the unprecedented societal and economic upheaval caused by this  pandemic, as homelessness will only exacerbate the health-related  dangers of this public health crisis.   Specifically, I am pleased that the three funding requests made by  the Congressional Homelessness Caucus during the stimulus discussions  have also been included in H.R. 7301. This bill will authorize an  additional $11.5 billion in Emergency Solutions Grants for assistance  to the homelessness services providers serving our communities.  Additionally, $1 billion will be directed into emergency housing  vouchers to provide permanent housing for individuals experiencing  homelessness. Finally, this bill includes $100 billion to establish an  Emergency Rental Assistance program to counter any rise in housing  insecurity linked to the economic turmoil of this public health crisis.   The National Alliance to End Homelessness determined that during  COVID-19, individuals experiencing homelessness are twice as likely to  be hospitalized, two to four times as likely to require critical care,  and two to three times as likely to die than the general population. It  is our duty as representatives from each corner of this nation to  prevent mounting housing instability and to care for our most  vulnerable constituents. Therefore, I am proud to support the Emergency  Housing Protections and Relief Act for the advancement of resources  needed to address housing insecurity in our communities during this  public health crisis.   