 Madam President, we are at war. Unlike the enemies I  fought against in uniform, this enemy is invisible, but it is just as  deadly. Earlier today, the World Health Organization cautioned that the  United States could be the next epicenter of this coronavirus pandemic.  The Surgeon General sounded the alarm that things would get drastically  worse this week. Economists are warning of a prolonged economic  downturn that will devastate the country financially in ways unseen  since the Great Depression.   As of right now, more than 600 Americans have died from the  coronavirus. In Arizona, our Governor announced this morning that the  death toll from the outbreak is up to five. In the past 4 days, we have  seen more than a 200-percent increase in the number of cases in my  State. It is going to go up. These aren't just numbers; they are  people. Our hearts and our prayers are with the grieving families who  lost their loved ones and those fighting for their lives right now   The Nation has embarked on a massive effort to flatten the curve of  the coronavirus to protect the vulnerable, buy time, and ensure our  healthcare system doesn't get overwhelmed. These aggressive steps will  save lives, but this path creates another calamity of massive economic  hardship unlike anything we have experienced. We are telling people to  stay home and not work. The financial devastation is wide and deep.   Arizonans are stepping up to do their part to save the vulnerable.  Working people deserve relief, and their needs are urgent.   I was home in Arizona a week ago Sunday and saw a neighbor, a single  mom with three kids. She owns a food truck. She told me that her income  just went to zero, with all events canceled. ``What am I supposed to  do?'' she asked me, with her son by her side at the grocery store. I  told her I was heading back to DC to pass legislation to get her cash  fast for her rent and food, plus additional support for her small  [[Page S1995]]  business. She was scared. I can't imagine the fear that must be  gripping all Arizona parents just like her who must provide for their  families in the face of this open-ended economic lockdown.   That same day, I ordered takeout at my favorite local restaurant.  There was hardly anyone there when it is usually packed, and this was  before the Governor's order to shut down eating in dining rooms. This  is a family-owned, small restaurant where they poured their savings,  their hearts, and their lives into building this local success story. I  asked how they were coping, and they said they were deeply concerned.  ``What are we supposed to do?'' they asked. I told them to hang in  there and that relief was on the way.   More fear in the eyes of people whose only sin is to have worked hard  and played by the rules in pursuit of their American dream.   On Monday morning, I walked to the gate in the airport terminal where  I usually hug a woman who shines shoes. We kept our distance, but I  asked how the virus impacted her. She said that she had only one client  that day and that things were grinding to a halt. ``What am I supposed  to do?'' I heard again. I took her phone number, and I told her relief  was on the way soon. This morning, she is waking up to no relief bill  and a news story that airlines have plans to shut down altogether. It  is a nightmare with no end in sight for so many like her.   On the plane back to Washington, DC, I texted the woman who grooms my  dog Boomer to ask how the virus was impacting her business. She told me  that it was slowing down but that she wasn't feeling well. I urged her  to go home immediately and stay away from people. She said she couldn't  because she had to pay her bills. What is she supposed to do? I pleaded  with her on text to go home and said relief was on the way soon.   Later that day, I heard from a doctor who asked me to send a message  of encouragement to the healthcare workers serving on the frontlines of  the VA. ``We're gonna need it,'' he texted. ``It's coming.'' He shared  with me their concerns about their patients and families. ``We want to  do the best we can against an unknown enemy in darkness,'' he said. He  went on to share that he was most impressed by the nurses and the  support staff, like the housekeepers who do their jobs in a petri dish,  still smiling but terrified inside. I put a short video together to  thank these heroes, and I told him that relief was on the way soon.   Over the past 8 days, I have heard countless stories similar to these  from Arizonans across the State. The situation is dire, and it is  urgent. These are real people who are suffering real harm from this  pandemic. Relief must be delivered posthaste, bold and swift.   Time and again, every Senator in this Chamber has promised a  constituent that relief is on the way soon, but the actions by some  Members in this Chamber have resulted in broken promises to the  American people. By blocking advancement of this urgent relief package  that was drafted by Senators of both parties, Democratic leadership has  ushered in one of the saddest chapters in American history.   Although I have only been in the Senate for a little over a year, I  can say it has lived up so far to its reputation as a place where  nothing happens fast, but with a sense of urgency, Republicans and  Democrats came together and have been working around the clock to build  this comprehensive relief package. We worked on this with the goal of  keeping employees connected to employers to the max extent possible,  and we strengthened unemployment benefits for those laid off. Working  Arizonans need cash now to pay rent and buy food. Small businesses need  to be rescued from closing forever. Our economy needs to be stopped  from collapsing. Our hospitals need resources now to meet the coming  tsunami.   If passed on Sunday, this package would send $3,400 in cash to every  family of four in Arizona making $150,000 a year or less. It would give  small businesses money they don't have to pay back to keep their  employees on the payroll and pay other overhead costs like rent. Those  businesses are in danger of closing down in the next week or so, and  they won't be around to provide jobs when the virus is defeated. We  must urgently--urgently--act to keep them afloat.   The legislation also allows larger employers that provide jobs for  people in each of our States to take out loans to keep people on the  payroll as their revenues plummet. Take PetSmart and Best Western  Hotels, both headquartered in Arizona--these businesses and others like  them provide jobs for our neighbors, and those are at risk too.   For our frontline warriors in this pandemic fight, our initial  bipartisan framework provides $75 billion to hospitals, more than $1  billion to the Indian Health Service, $20 billion for veterans' health  services, $11 billion to develop treatments and vaccines, and $1.7  billion for the Strategic National Stockpile for essential equipment  like masks, test kits, and ventilators.   If you want to plus it up, we could have done it Sunday afternoon. We  could have had that conversation and swiftly passed this bill.   We also significantly increased unemployment benefits. Currently in  Arizona, unemployment is $250 a week. We increased that to $850, while  expanding eligibility for those who are self-employed, independent  contractors, part-time workers, and gig economy workers, like Uber and  Lyft drivers.   All of that--that is what the Democrats blocked on Sunday and then  again on Monday. And for what? So they could throw money at liberal pet  projects that have absolutely nothing to do with treating the health  and economic fallouts of the coronavirus--nothing whatsoever.   Relief was on the way. It was all but a done deal. And then Nancy  Pelosi landed in DC, and she and Chuck Schumer decided to blow it all  up for their unrelated, ideological wish list. People are dying, people  are running out of money, and they are looking for us to provide strong  relief now, but that doesn't seem to matter to them. We said relief was  on the way, and now it isn't.   I was presiding over this Chamber on Sunday night after the first  failed vote when Chuck Schumer waltzed in that door and objected to  opening up the Senate early on Monday, instead forcing us to wait until  noon. He gave a theatrical speech from over there, filled with flat-out  lies, saying that we had set ``an artificial deadline'' to pass this  bill. An artificial deadline for whom?   The following day was the deadliest day in the U.S. fight against  COVID-19, with more than 100 new deaths reported, and people in Arizona  are losing their jobs every single day. While the Senator from New York  may not worry about where his next meal is coming from, the people I  talk to every day in Arizona do. In fact, they are more than worried.  They are afraid.    People are dying, and the Democratic leaders think this is an  opportunity to score political points and grab power. It is despicable.  It is infuriating. It is immoral, and it must stop.   This is an unprecedented challenge for our country, but I am  confident we will prevail. Just like other severe crises in our  history, this pandemic is bringing out the best of America and the best  of Arizona. I am inspired every day by stories of Arizonans who are  stepping up to serve others and putting their own concerns and fears  aside.   During this crisis, our country is not divided. Our States are not  divided. Our communities are not divided. Instead, Arizonans are being  selfless and serving others. Young people are delivering groceries to  the elderly. Healthy people are volunteering at food banks and donating  blood. Neighbors are pitching in to provide childcare for essential  healthcare workers. Faith communities are delivering care packages to  the vulnerable and first responders. They are rising to the occasion  because that is what we do.   So here in the Senate, what are we supposed to do? Follow their  example. Rise to the occasion. Put selfish motives aside. Stop with the  opportunism. Stop with the ideological wish list, and start voting yes  immediately to get relief to Americans and Arizonans now.   I yield the floor   