 Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman Nadler for  yielding and for his tremendous leadership. Also, I want to thank  Congresswomen Chu and Jayapal for their tremendous and steady  leadership and strong support of H.R. 2214, the NO BAN Act.   This important legislation would end the Muslim ban and prohibit  discrimination and migration on the basis of religion and national  origin.   Let me be clear. This is a landmark piece of civil rights legislation  not only for Muslims but for our country's values. Our Nation was  founded by, shaped by, and continues to be influenced by our immigrant  communities who contribute so much to this country. Equating Muslims  with terrorists is against our values as a nation. It is despicable.   Make no mistake, the NO BAN Act would help ensure that this kind of  discrimination ceases, prevents future such discrimination, and  promotes our core values of religious freedom.   Madam Speaker, we cannot allow President Trump's White nationalist  agenda to continue. We must ensure that our country is open to  everyone, not just those whom Trump deems acceptable. I urge my  colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this bill.    Mr. Speaker, let me first thank the gentleman  for yielding and for his tremendous leadership and constantly reminding  us of the accurate accounting of the United States' history.   Also, I thank our Speaker; our majority leader; our whip, Mr.  Clyburn; Chairwoman Bass; Chairman Bennie Thompson; and, of course,  Congressman Butterfield for moving this legislation forward with the  urgency that it requires.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 7573, which would  remove shameful reminders of slavery and segregation from the United  States Capitol.   Now, in 2017, in the wake of the white nationalist rally in  Charlottesville, I introduced the Confederate Monument Removal Act to  remove all statues of people who voluntarily served the Confederacy  from the Capitol building. So, thank you for including this in this  current bill.   Venerating those who took up arms against the United States to  preserve slavery is an affront to the human dignity of all Americans.  These painful symbols of bigotry and racism have no place in public  places--certainly should not be enshrined in the United States Capitol.   It is past time for Congress to stop glorifying the men who were  traitors and committed treason against the United States in a concerted  effort to keep African Americans in chains.   The movement to honor Confederate soldiers was a deliberate act to  rewrite the very history of the United States and humanize acts  designed to dehumanize African Americans. They are symbols of hatred  and defiance of Federal authority and should not be held in a place of  honor in the United States Capitol.    Mr. Speaker, I conclude by saying this: In  this moment, the horrors of systemic racism are front and center, and  the manifestations are before the public each and every day. The  removal of the Confederate statues from the United States Capitol is an  important step in dismantling the systems that hold us back.   As a descendant of enslaved Americans from Galveston, Texas, and  enslaved human beings, I thank you for this bill, and I ask for an  ``aye'' vote.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   What a void we feel tonight. I rise to honor the life and legacy of a  great warrior for peace and justice, a kind and gentle human being, the  conscience of the Congress, Congressman John Lewis.   As a giant of, as our whip indicated, a civil rights movement, John's  leadership and his courage continued as an extraordinary congressional  leader. Every year, I joined John on his annual pilgrimage to Selma,  Montgomery, and Birmingham, Alabama. I brought young people from the  Martin Luther King Jr. Freedom Center in my district and my  grandchildren each year to learn about and give thanks to the foot  soldiers of the civil rights movement.   John always took time to meet with these young people. Even this  year, with his failing health, he pulled them aside. He met with them.  He always wanted to, and he did, inspire them to take that baton and to  run the next lap of the race for justice and equality. And, yes, like  with so many, he blessed my community by coming to my district to  continue these efforts with my young people.   Last year, Speaker Pelosi and Chairwoman Bass led a delegation to  Ghana, West Africa, to observe the 400th anniversary of the first  enslaved Africans brought to America. John said that Ghana was one of  the most moving trips of his life. He said: ``To see and behold the  inhumanity during another period of our history, it tells each and  every one of us to never let this evil happen again.''   Now, John was welcomed in Ghana as royalty, which he was. He was  honored as a son of Africa who had come home.   John and I would compare notes on tough votes, such as on matters of  war and peace and defense spending. I will miss his wise counsel and  admonition--and, really, admonition--to do the right thing as he told  all of us to keep our eyes on the prize.   Now, Members know how we get agitated when our colleagues poach our  staff members. Well, John poached a brilliant and wonderful young woman  from my office Jamila Thompson. When he told me about it, believe it or  not, for the first time, I was thrilled that one of my staff members  had been poached by John Lewis. What an honor.   John's presence in the people's House will be deeply missed, but one  of the greatest tributes to Congressman John Lewis would be to restore  the Voting Rights Act.   I would not be standing here as the 100th Black Member of Congress  had it not been for the Honorable John Robert Lewis.   My deepest condolences and love and gratitude to John's family,  Michael Collins, Jamila Thompson, his entire phenomenal staff, and his  constituents, and to all those whose lives he touched. Let us continue  to build the beloved community that he so eloquently spoke of.   In closing, I am reminded of a Scripture, 2 Timothy 4:7: I have  fought the good fight, I have finished the race, I have kept the faith.   As John Lewis' soul returns to his Creator, may he rest in peace, may  he rest in power.   