 Madam Speaker, I take this opportunity to  commend Congressman Soto, Congresswoman Demings, and the gentlewoman  from Florida (Congresswoman Murphy), who is in the Chair, on this  incredibly important legislation.   I traveled to attend a memorial service in the aftermath of the  tragedy at Orlando's Pulse gay nightclub to mourn with the stunned  community how the confluence of bigotry and weapons of war conspired to  steal 49 innocent lives.   I remember the feeling of numbness and agony. It was so hard to grasp  that in 2016, visitors to Pulse that night suffered a violence that far  too often plagues LGBTQ-plus communities and communities of color, but  this time on a mass scale. They were targeted for who they were.   Out for the evening, they assumed it was safe to be themselves, to  live their truths, and yet their precious lives were snuffed out.   But in this darkest of moments, Floridians opened their arms to  embrace and heal one another. They vocally denounced bigotry, whether  it was aimed at our LGBTQ-plus or Hispanic communities, or too often  both. They would not stay silent.   Even public figures who were not always clear LGBTQ-plus allies stood  up and made a commitment to equality.   It was an encouraging moment of solidarity amidst such tragedy. Most  Floridians responded by drawing closer than ever before.   Two years later, my community endured similar heartache and anger  when 17 students and educators were killed at Marjory Stoneman Douglas  High School. Days after that horrific school shooting, I was in Orlando  and visited Pulse, where spontaneous messages of love and sadness were  left behind.   As I added my message to the thousands hanging on banners there, I  saw Pulse was not simply a site of tragedy and pain. It was a hallowed  place to remember and honor all the individuals who were lost. But it  was also now a public space affirming that equality, justice, and love  are worth rallying to and fighting for.   Making Pulse a national memorial would, most importantly, properly  honor those we lost way too soon.    Madam Speaker, but it would also elevate that  site so that millions of Americans might turn our collective pain into  collective action.   In passing this bill, I hope visitors the world over will be inspired  by a community that emphatically declared that love and hope will  always triumph over prejudice and violence.   