 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Great  American Outdoors Act.   Protecting wilderness reflects the best values of Oregon:  environmental protection, stewardship of our land, and community  partnership.   The Land and Water Conservation Fund represents a bipartisan  commitment to safeguarding natural areas and providing recreation  opportunities in the prized outdoor areas that make places in northwest  Oregon, like Ecola State Park and the Tualatin National Wildlife  Refuge, so special. Unfortunately, the program has faced significant  instability in recent years, limiting the long-term planning needed for  meaningful conservation efforts.   Last month, I joined my colleagues on the Select Committee on the  Climate Crisis in releasing a bold, comprehensive, science-based  climate action plan. Our plan for solving the climate crisis recognizes  the value of public lands and healthy ecosystems in sequestering carbon  dioxide and promoting biodiversity, and it calls for a full and  permanent funding for the Land and Water Conservation Fund.   The Great American Outdoors Act will help mitigate the climate crisis  and protect the natural beauty and robust habitats that fish and  wildlife depend on for survival.   At a time when our communities are struggling to recover from the  economic consequences of the coronavirus pandemic, a time when there is  heightened awareness about the inequities and injustices in our  society, including inequitable access to our wild places, this bill  will boost rural economies and expand access to public lands for future  generations.   I am also pleased that this bill takes steps to tackle our national  park maintenance backlog to support treasured places like the Lewis and  Clark National Historical Park. Oregonians care deeply about protecting  our parks, forests, scenic areas, and wildlife refuges, and this bill  takes important steps to safeguard them for future generations.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Grijalva for his leadership, and I urge  all of my colleagues to support this bill.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   I rise today with a heavy heart to honor the life of Representative  John Lewis, whose passing is a tremendous loss for Congress and for the  entire country.   I will always remember walking across the Edmund Pettus Bridge with  him on the 50th anniversary of Bloody Sunday. I took my son with me on  that trip, and when John passed last weekend, my son said this: ``He is  the most memorable person I have ever met. I will never forget what it  feels like to be in the same room as him.''   We will never forget what it felt like to serve in the same Chamber  as him.   And as the Nation reckons with centuries of systemic racism, we owe a  great debt to John Lewis and the ``good trouble'' he made in the civil  rights movement, past and present. If we only had half his courage.   We as a Congress and we as a country would be better if we all  exemplify his kindness, his passion, and his stoic ability to remain  calm in any kind of storm. I can hear his voice urging us: Never give  up, never give in, and always keep the faith.  [[Page H3687]]    Rest in peace, rest in power, John Lewis.   