 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I rise  to support this override.   Predatory for-profit colleges scam students and taxpayers out of  millions of dollars. Predatory for-profit colleges account for 9  percent of students in postsecondary education but 33 percent of  defaults.   To help students, the Department of Education under the Obama  administration created a streamlined resolution process under the  borrower defense to repayment provision of the Higher Education Act.  Now, Secretary DeVos is breaking the process.   I will tell you what her goal is. It is to aid the perpetrators, not  to help the victims. Under her new rule, borrowers lose out. They lose  out if they cannot prove the school intentionally defrauded them, if  they cannot file their claim fast enough, or if they cannot document  their exact financial harm.   As a result, as little as 3 percent of eligible debt will be forgiven  now. What little relief there is now will likely be shouldered by  taxpayers, not the schools committing the fraud.   Stopping the Secretary as we are pushing to do has wide support: 20  State attorneys general and nearly 60 advocacy groups for students,  civil rights, and education. The American Legion has said: ``Deception  against our veterans and servicemembers has been a lucrative scam for  unscrupulous actors.''   So I say to my Republican colleagues who want to support the  military: Support this override.   And to those of us who want to fight for racial and economic justice:  Support this override.   In 2018, we wrote to the Secretary, alarmed about how this rule could  hurt students of color: ``Ninety-five percent of Black students  attending a for-profit college took out student loans, and a staggering  75 percent of Black students who did not complete their programs  defaulted.''   We must act now for veterans, for students of color, for borrowers  across this country. In Connecticut, 1,100 defrauded students are  waiting to be made whole. They need this override, not that cruel  policy. Vote to override.   