 Mr. President, I thank the senior Senator from Nevada for  joining me today for this colloquy. The Senator correctly notes that  these two sections of the National Defense Authorization Act raise  profound historical public policy questions about how to protect our  public lands, recognize the voices and issues raised by Native American  Tribes, local governments and concerned citizens, and maintain Nevada's  proud role in support of our Nation's Armed Forces and our national  security. These public policy questions are amongst the most  consequential natural resource issues facing the Silver State and have  prompted Nevadans from every corner of our State to engage on the best  path forward.    Mr. President, to best answer the Senator's question, it  is important to start with the history of the Desert National Wildlife  Refuge. The establishment of the Desert National Wildlife Refuge  predates the Nevada Test and Training Range and was created by  President Franklin Roosevelt on May 20, 1936, via Executive Order 7373.   FDR created the Desert Game Range, as it was known then, to provide  habitat and protection for desert bighorn sheep, Nevada's State animal.  Originally the Range totaled more than 2.25 million acres, including  lands both north and south of U.S. Highway 95.   We know even more today about the value of this area. The Desert  National Wildlife Refuge contains six mountain ranges and seven  distinct life zones, with elevations ranging from 2,200 feet to nearly  10,000 feet. The variations in elevation and rainfall have created  diverse habitats, necessary for its hundreds of species of native flora  and fauna to live and flourish. There are currently two species listed  as endangered or threatened: notably the Pahrump Poolfish and the  Desert Tortoise. This area was under the joint administration of the  Bureau of Fisheries, the predecessor to the Fish and Wildlife Service-- USFWS--which was not created until 1940, and the Bureau of Land  Management--BLM.   Today, the Desert National Wildlife Refuge is the largest wildlife  refuge outside Alaska. The Refuge has gone through various legislative  boundary adjustments and currently encompasses 1.615 million acres of  the Mojave Desert. Public Land Order 4079, issued on August 26, 1966,  and corrected on September 23, 1966, revoked EO 7373. This PLO changed  the name to the Desert National Wildlife Range, reduced its size to  1.588 million acres, and transferred sole administration to the USFWS.  Lands withdrawn in PLO 4079 were set aside specifically for the  protection, enhancement, and maintenance of wildlife resources,  including bighorn sheep. Then, in 1974, as part of a Wilderness review  required by the Wilderness Act of 1964, 1.3 million acres of the Desert  National Wildlife Refuge were proposed as Wilderness by USFWS. This  history is important, but these lands also remain central to Native  American Tribes in Nevada.   Could the senior Senator from Nevada expand upon their importance?    Mr. President, the history of NTTR begins in the 1940s  when it was known as the Las Vegas Bombing and Gunnery Range, later  changed to the Nellis Air Force Range in October 1987, and finally to  NTTR in August 2003.   The NTTR is a military training area consisting of approximately 2.9  million acres of Federal land used by the U.S. Air Force Warfare Center  at Nellis Air Force Base in southern Nevada. The NTTR includes a  ``simulated Integrated Air Defense System'' and several individual  ranges with 12,000 targets. The NTTR area has been used for aerial  gunnery and bombing, nuclear tests, as a proving ground and flight test  area, and for aircraft control and warning exercises.   These 2.9 million acres have been withdrawn from public use and  reserved for military use, including the approximately 842,254 acres of  the Desert National Wildlife Refuge land that overlaps with the NTTR.  The legislative history surrounding this history begins in 1940, with  Executive Order 8578 giving the military joint administration with  USFWS of the western half of the Desert National Wildlife Refuge, for  war purposes and restricting public access. The NTTR land withdrawals  were extended in 1962, with the issuance of PLO 2613, and in 1986, the  withdrawals were extended for another 15 years with P.L. 99-606. Most  recently, the withdrawals, were again extended through 2021, with P.L.  106-65 signed in 1999.   This law in 1999, included as part of the National Defense  Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2000--P.L. 106-65--transferred  primary jurisdiction of 110,000 acres of bombing impact areas on the  Desert National Wildlife Refuge from the USFWS to the Department of  Defense. These lands were reserved for use by the Secretary of the Air  Force as an armament and high hazard testing area; for training for  aerial gunnery, rocketry, electronic warfare, and tactical maneuvering  and air support; and for equipment and tactics development and testing.   More recently, in 2014, the House of Representatives considered  legislation, H.R. 4253, which proposed repealing the existing  withdrawals found in section  [[Page S5861]]  3015 in P.L. 106-65. Furthermore, the legislation would have  permanently transferred administrative jurisdiction of the withdrawn  lands in Nevada and put them under control of the Air Force. This same  provision was again included in the 2015 NDAA, H.R. 1735, which was  ultimately vetoed by President Obama. In 2018, the House of  Representatives included provisions which would have again attempted to  repeal the existing withdrawals found in Section 3015 in P.L. 106-65  and permanently transferred administrative jurisdiction of the  withdrawn lands to the Air Force.   With that history established, can Senator Cortez Masto provide the  history behind the legislation that is still under consideration by the  Congress?    Mr. President, I thank the senior Senator for her  comprehensive answer. As I have previously stated, I am hopeful this  bipartisan compromise legislation will help resolve land management  conflicts, preserve public access to the Desert National Wildlife  Refuge, and serve to strengthen our national security. I have met with  environmental advocates, Tribal leaders, and Air Force senior  leadership on this issue. I will continue working with our local  stakeholders--including military leaders, environmental and wildlife  advocates, and members of Nevada's Tribal communities--to make sure all  voices are heard.    Mr. President, I thank the Senator. As previously noted,  section 2861 provides for a 20-year extension of the public land  withdrawals specific to the Fallon Range Training Complex which is  utilized by the U.S. Navy. Just like with section 2862, while this  provision of the bill before us seems relatively simple, the underlying  issues presented by the Fallon Range Training Complex present a range  of complicated issues centered upon public lands, sovereign Tribal  governments in Nevada and environmental justice, public access and  recreation, energy and transportation infrastructure, and the ability  for future economic development.   Could the senior Senator from Nevada provide more detail on some of  this underlying history which helps make section 2861 so important to  our constituents?    Mr. President, I thank the Senator for her leadership on  this matter and share her commitment to working together with our  constituents in Nevada to reach a consensus proposal. While critical  concerns remain, Nevada's congressional delegation has a long history  of finding pragmatic solutions to public land challenges, and I look  forward to working with Senator Cortez Masto, Congressman Amodei, and  the rest of the delegation to continue this tradition.   