 Mr. President, I rise to speak about the Fiscal Year 2020  National Defense Authorization Act. For the 60th consecutive year, the  Senate stands poised to pass legislation that authorizes funding for  national defense and sets the course for the Department of Defense's  policies.   This year, we consider this legislation during a moment of deep  reflection and anguish, as Americans reckon with our ugly history of  systemic racism and the original sin of chattel slavery. For weeks, all  across this Nation, Americans have taken to the streets to call for  justice and call for an end to the racist violence that has stolen far  too many Black lives. We say the names of George Floyd, Breonna Taylor,  Ahmaud Arbery, Atatiana Jefferson, and so many other Black men and  women to reaffirm the simple but powerful truth that they mattered.  Their lives mattered. Black lives matter.   This moment is about ending police brutality once and for all. It is  also about ending systemic racism and dismantling White supremacy in  every aspect of our economy and our society. It is about building an  America that lives up to its highest ideals.   The Defense bill we are debating today takes an important step in  this direction by addressing the honors that our Nation continues to  bestow on Confederate officers, who took up arms against the United  States in defense of chattel slavery. This bill denies those honors to  military leaders who killed U.S. soldiers in defense of the idea that  Black people are not people, but instead, are property to be bought and  sold.   It has been more than 150 years since the end of the Civil War, but  10 U.S. Army posts around this country currently bear the names of  officers of the Confederate States of America. Think about that. These  bases were named to honor individuals who took up arms against our  Nation in a war that killed more than half a million Americans. They  took up arms to defend an institution that reduced Black people to  property.   The Defense bill now before us includes language I wrote that would  require the Secretary of Defense to remove Confederate names from all  military assets. The Senate Armed Services Committee, which has a long  history of bipartisan leadership within this body, adopted this  language with the support of Senators from both parties, recognizing  that this is an opportunity to correct longstanding historic injustice.   This bill covers more than military bases. It also requires name  changes for Federal buildings and streets on those military bases and  at other installations that celebrate the traitors who took up arms  against the United States to defend slavery.   The USS Chancellorsville, for example, is named for a Confederate  battle victory, a defeat for the United States of America. The ship's  crest pays homage to Confederate Generals Robert E. Lee and Stonewall  Jackson.   Defenders of these symbols of oppression speak often in generalities,  glossing over the details of the Confederacy, the Civil War, and the  specifics about the individuals whose names are attached to American  military installations.   Let's begin with the truth about the men for whom some of these bases  are named. Fort Benning, GA, ``Home of the Infantry,'' is named for  Brigadier General Henry L. Benning. Benning led Georgia's secession  from the Union and commanded the Confederate soldiers at Gettysburg. He  was a leader of the secessionist movement. Why? Because, according to  Benning's own words, he had a ``deep conviction that a separation from  the North was the only thing that could prevent the abolition of  [Georgia's] slavery.''   He was fearful that the end of slavery would lead to ``Black  Governors, Black legislatures, Black juries, Black everything. Is it to  be supposed that the White race will stand for that?''   Fort Gordon, GA, is named for Major General John Brown Gordon.  Historians believe he led the Georgia chapter of the Ku Klux Klan's  murderous terrorists in years after the Civil War.   Fort Pickett in Virginia is named for Major General George Pickett.  During the war, Pickett ordered the execution of 22 former Confederate  soldiers, men whose crime was declaring their allegiance to the Union,  the United States of America. For this despicable act, he was later  investigated for war crimes and forced to flee to Canada after the war.  [[Page S3632]]    Fort Bragg, NC, is named for Major General Braxton Bragg. Bragg was a  slave owner and, like the others, Bragg chose to take up arms against  the United States and kill U.S. soldiers. But with an infamously poor  record as a military commander, he wasn't very good at it. Widely  regarded as the most disliked man in the Confederate Army, Bragg  commanded forces that were so badly defeated at the Battle of  Chattanooga in 1863 that he ultimately resigned. Those are just a few  examples, as are Fort Hood, Fort Lee, Fort A.P. Hill, Fort Polk, Camp  Beauregard, Fort Rucker.    American military bases that carry the names of Confederate generals  are not named for heroes, and they are not named for men who risked  their lives defending the United States and its soldiers. They are  named for men who took up arms against the United States of America and  killed American soldiers in the defense of slavery. They are the names  of men who were directly responsible for the deaths of hundreds of  thousands of Americans in the defense of slavery.   Those who complain that removing the names of traitors from these  bases ignores history ought to learn some history themselves. These  bases were not named in the years following the Civil War. No. They  were named decades and decades later--during the Jim Crow era--to  strengthen a movement that tried to glorify the Confederacy and  reinforce White supremacy.   As the Nation prepared to fight in World War I, the Army needed more  bases to train new draftees. The military decided to establish half of  the new bases across the Southern States. Only 40 years had passed  since the end of Reconstruction, and putting Federal troops back into  the South was a sensitive matter. Choosing Confederate commander names  for these bases curried favor with the same local politicians who were  devoted to maintaining the brutal regime of White supremacy.   The strategy was successful. In August 1917, the magazine Confederate  Veteran noted: ``For the first time since the War between the States,  the United States government officially paid tribute to the `military  genius' of noted Confederate war chieftains in naming four of the  training camps.''   Naming these bases after Confederate rebels was wrong. After years of  resistance and denial, the Department of Defense is finally recognizing  that it is time for our military to stop paying homage to individuals  who betrayed the United States and who took up arms against it to  defend slavery.   Secretaries Esper and McCarthy have both said they are ``open to a  bipartisan discussion on the topic.''   Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Mark Milley also ``fully  supports the discussion and Secretary McCarthy's efforts . . . to  explore this issue.''   GEN Robert Abrams, commander of U.S. Forces Korea, announced on June  15 that he is prohibiting the Confederate flag in all U.S.  installations in that country.   Commandant of the Marine Corps Gen. David Berger has banned the  Confederate battle flag from Marine bases worldwide because ``this  symbol has shown it has power to inflame the feelings of division.''   The Chief of Naval Operations, ADM Michael Gilday, also issued an  order last month prohibiting the Confederate flag from all public  spaces and work areas aboard Navy installation ships, aircraft, and  submarines, saying that the step was necessary ``to ensure unit  cohesion, preserve good order and discipline, and uphold the Navy's  core values of honor, courage, and commitment.''   It is time to follow the example of these military leaders and to  take steps to remove all forms of commemoration of the Confederate  States of America from all of our military assets.   Senate Republicans have suggested that Congress should simply study  the issue. They suggest forming a commission that prioritizes the  wishes of State and local officials but that doesn't make any  decisions. Let me be completely clear. The current bill already  includes a commission charged with thoughtfully executing the  requirement to remove these names from U.S. military installations, and  it requires consultation with local officials. The intent of the  Republican amendment is simply to erase the requirement currently in  the bill that requires the Confederate names to be eliminated--not  studied, eliminated.   It has been 150 years since Lee surrendered at Appomattox and the  rebellion against the United States in defense of owning human beings  was finally put down. We know whom these bases were named for. We know  why they were named. There is nothing left to study. We are long past  the time for action.   The Senate Committee on Armed Services has declared that the time for  honoring the legacy of men who championed the cause of slavery and  White supremacy on military installations is now over. The committee  voted to rename the installations where millions of servicemembers of  color have lived, trained, and deployed abroad in defense of our  country. Now the entire Senate has an opportunity to add its voice to  the chorus, and I am certain that the House will join us soon.   President Trump has already declared his opposition to this  provision. He has, instead, chosen the well-worn path of hatred and  division. So, despite the fact that the Department of Defense already  has the statutory authority it needs to change those names, it has  hesitated to take action in defiance of the Commander in Chief.   Congress has the power and the responsibility to end decades of  injustice. Servicemembers of color have been pledging to support and  defend the Constitution of the United States for a long time. They have  done so knowing they might be called upon to give what Lincoln called  the last full measure of devotion, and they have done so despite being  surrounded by these visceral reminders that the military in which they  serve honors men who fought to kill fellow Americans and to keep their  ancestors enslaved. We can tear those visceral reminders down, and we  will.   The Confederate soldiers who betrayed the United States to fight for  the Confederacy were fighting for the institution of slavery--plain,  simple, ugly. It is time to put the names of those leaders who fought  and killed U.S. soldiers in defense of a perverted version of America  where they belong--as footnotes in our history books, not plastered on  our Nation's most significant military installations.   The tens of thousands of Americans protesting the appalling killings  of Black men and women are calling upon us--on all of us--not just to  say the words ``Black lives matter'' but to take a tangible step toward  making it true by breaking apart the systems that have stolen countless  Black lives and denied Black Americans opportunity and equal treatment.   Being race-conscious is not enough. It never was. We must be anti- racists. Removing the names, symbols, displays, monuments, and  paraphernalia that honor or commemorate the Confederacy and anyone who  voluntary served it from military property is, in the broader scheme,  only one step toward addressing systemic racism in our society, but it  is an important step. It will bring us closer to acknowledging the  truth of that ugly past, and it will give us a firmer foundation on  which to build a better future for everyone.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   