 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   I rise today in support of the National Museum of the American Latino  Act.   The National Mall is the most-visited national park, with over 25  million visitors each year. It is nicknamed ``America's front yard.''  It is a testament to the accomplishments, history, and diversity of the  people that make up these United States of America.   However, there are almost 60 million Americans whose stories,  contributions, and traditions do not have a platform or a spotlight  here. Millions of us, both Mexican Americans like me, and people of  other heritages, value those contributions to our Union and want to see  that platform become part of our country's message.    Let me say, I so believe this spotlight needs to happen, in part,  because my generation of Hispanics, we didn't have the Spanish language  passed on to us, in part, because it wasn't popular to tout that. Now,  more than ever, most of us have had to learn it through things like  wonderful products, or in college, or in high school, which is awesome;  but I want to see that pride of passing that language down and  preserving the culture, as it is an American culture; and what better  opportunity would we have than to highlight it here in America's front  yard.   The story of the American Latino is woven into the fabric of this  Nation. Latinos have fought in every U.S. war since the American  Revolution and settled in parts of the United States before the arrival  of Pilgrims at Plymouth Rock.   Latinos are a crucial part of the American identity. There are those  of us who have explored space, like astronaut Ellen Ochoa. We've  brought innovation to the world, like inventor Elena Medo. We have done  things that few other athletes in the world could do, like baseball  legend Edgar Martinez of my home State in Washington, the Seattle  Mariners. And I am proud to note personally that we have helped shape  our Nation's laws by serving in Congress.   I have had the amazing opportunity to be the first and only Hispanic  Member of Congress, House or Senate, to have served from Washington  State. I would like to highlight that it was my predominantly White,  smaller corner of what I will call the best part of the Pacific  Northwest that bestowed upon me this amazing honor.   Hispanic Americans represent the heart of the American Dream: Strong  family values, amazing work ethic, strong faith in community and in  civics. My first or second term here I remember walking down the  National Mall and seeing a protest, and it was a very peaceful protest,  unlike some that I have seen. It was families, and they were walking  side-by-side, and they  [[Page H3869]]  were wrapping themselves in the American flag. To me, they represent  the best of us.   I look forward to visiting the National Museum of the American Latino  and sharing these stories with my children, these American stories.   Madam Speaker, I urge adoption of this legislation.   