 Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, it is an honor to fight alongside  Representatives Dingell and Kildee in protecting our water and  environment. I also appreciate Chairman Pallone for working with us on  this critical issue to Michigan and the Nation.   The amendment ensures frontline communities like mine who have been  directly harmed by the lack of urgency to address the public health  impacts due to environmental injustices have a true seat at the table  when it comes to addressing this crisis.   I grew up in southwest Detroit which houses the most polluted ZIP  Code in the State; where the smell isn't normal; where our kids go to  schools that don't have clean drinking water, where our parks are  closed down, literally, barred away from residents having access to it  because the soil is too contaminated; and where so many of our  residents live in fear that the polluting industry nearby is killing  them.   Two communities I represent within Wayne County, Michigan, found PFAS  contamination. In the recent Metro Times publication, there was a  powerful, yet tragic, statement on what residents in 48217 are forced  to live with. ``Gone are the fruit trees and vegetable gardens.  Residents no longer grow produce because the air and the ground are too  contaminated with hazardous substances.''   The amendment before us clearly defines disadvantaged, exposed  communities and ensures that priority for infrastructure funding to  combat PFAS go to these frontline communities like our own 48217 and  other neighborhoods.   If we are not intentional about where we put our resources to address  this crisis, then we are not serious about universal clean air and  water. This amendment will ensure that we have equitable funding that  goes to neighborhoods that have been ignored for far too long.   I urge you to support the frontline communities amendment and  safeguard the health and environmental justice of the neighborhoods  that have historically been victim of structural racism and  disinvestment.   Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute the gentlewoman from California (Ms.  Barragan), my good colleague and partner in this fight who is the  cosponsor of this amendment.    Mr. Chair, again, I support this amendment and thank my  colleagues for working on this.   Growing up in southwest Detroit, the stories of the smell, but not  only the fact that we didn't understand why parks and certain chemicals  and so forth were exposed to us, is so important. That is why this  amendment is so critically important; not only for 48217, but the  cities of Melvindale, as well as the Delray neighborhood within  southwest Detroit, again, have been exposed to PFAS contamination.   These are two communities, literally, steps away from the Detroit  riverfront, and that is why it is critically important for us to push  forward on addressing the PFAS contamination across this Nation.   I want to thank my colleagues in understanding why it is important  for the Great Lakes State of Michigan that we need to be able to take  care of our frontline communities first to really be able to ensure  that we have access to clean water universally.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Pallone).    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time.   