 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3682, the  Land Grant-Mercedes Traditional Use Recognition and Consultation Act.   I would like to begin by congratulating the author of the bill, my  good friend and colleague, Representative Ben Ray Lujan, and thank him  for having me as an original cosponsor.   His hard work and dedication to moving this bill forward are what got  it to the House floor today. And the testimony from Representative  Lujan from beside an acequia during our virtual hearing on the bill  helped our colleagues to understand how important this legislation is  to our constituents.   We will absolutely miss Representative Lujan when he begins service  on the other side of the Capitol in the Senate, but we look forward to  continuing to work with him on these and other issues that are  important for New Mexico and our country.   In our home State of New Mexico, land grants and acequias have long  played a critical role in our traditional way of life, practicing  traditional methods of stewardship over our land and water.   But for more than a century, these communities have fought for  recognition, consultation, and access to their historic communal lands,  which are necessary to sustain their land-based heritage and  agricultural economies.   At the hearing I chaired on this bill, we heard from Arturo Archuleta  of the New Mexico Land Grant Council about the unique connection  between traditional communities and the lands they manage, and the  challenges they face because some of the lands that formerly belonged  to them are now Federal lands.   He noted that as the climate change continues to impact watersheds  and forested uplands, the protection of traditional uses must be  included in the conversations about the management of public lands for  land grant communities to survive.   These are the same messages I have heard when I have visited land  grant communities in my district.   The bill we consider today will provide enhanced access and  consultation between Federal land management agencies and land grants  and acequias, which is an essential part for maintaining their way of  life, and I am proud to support it.   