 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairwoman from Michigan for  yielding, as well the gentleman from North Carolina.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4981, which would  designate the U.S. Post Office facility at 2505 Derita Avenue in  Charlotte, North Carolina, as the Julius L. Chambers Civil Rights  Memorial Post Office.   Julius LeVonne Chambers was born in Mount Gilead, North Carolina, in  1935. When he was young, a White man stole from his father, an auto  mechanic, by refusing to pay a substantial bill. When attorneys in  Mount Gilead refused to hear his father's case because his father was  Black, Julius Chambers vowed to become a lawyer himself.   At North Carolina Central University--then the North Carolina College  at Durham--for his undergraduate education, Chambers served as student  body president. While attending UNC-Chapel Hill for law school, Julius  Chambers was the first African American editor in chief of that  school's prestigious law review.   Upon graduating and moving to Charlotte in 1964, Julius Chambers  began a prolific legal career that would see him fight for justice and  equality. He founded his own law firm and immediately began to litigate  key discrimination cases after White firms would not hire him. Mr.  Chambers' firm would later become North Carolina's first integrated law  firm, Ferguson Chambers & and Sumter, P.A. It is still in operation  today.   Notably, in 1970, Chambers argued successfully before the U.S.  Supreme Court in the landmark Swann v. Charlotte-Mecklenburg Board of  Education that resulted in the desegregation of the Charlotte- Mecklenburg school system.   As he fought for equality, there were many who fought to stop him. In  January 1965, his car was burned. In November 1965, his home was  bombed. And in February 1971, his office was firebombed.   According to The New York Times: ``His response was defiant; he said  he would `keep fighting.' It was also measured. `We must accept this  type of practice,' he said, `from those less in control of their  faculties.'''   Though he endured hardships, he did not grow weary of his mission. As  he grew into one of the Nation's most accomplished civil rights  lawyers, Julius Chambers would go on to lead the NAACP Legal Defense  and Educational Fund for over 9 years, where he continued to fight for  social justice and equality.  [[Page H830]]    He would later return to North Carolina Central University to serve  as chancellor, where he proudly cultivated young minds from 1993 until  2001.   After a lifetime of service to others, Julius L. Chambers passed away  at the age of 76 in 2013.   Mr. Speaker, my State and our Nation are undoubtedly better because  of the life of Julius L. Chambers. I admired this man, and I was  pleased to know him and had many conversations with him during his  lifetime.   During this Black History Month, I hope that my colleagues will join  me in voting in favor of this legislation and help me honor this civil  rights legend in a community that he worked so hard to improve.   I thank my colleague, Mr. Meadows, and all of my colleagues from  North Carolina and that delegation for supporting this legislation.   