 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, 4 years ago, Jill Larsen opened Crayons 2  Pencils Early Learning Center in Norwalk, IA. This state of the art  childcare center offers full day, before and after school care, and  preschool-only programs for children from 6 weeks old to school age.  They have even expanded to include a learning center and recreation  center. It truly is topnotch. But when COVID-19 hit, Crayons 2 Pencils'  enrollment dropped from 150 children to 32. And it was only through the  Paycheck Protection Program that this childcare center was able to stay  afloat and keep their workers paid.   Jill Larsen's story is not unique. Without the help of the Paycheck  Protection Program, so many of our small businesses and childcare  programs across the country would have gone under. Ninety-nine percent  of Iowa's businesses are small businesses, and the Paycheck Protection  Program has been a critical lifeline for so many of them.   I hear it time and again on my 99-county tour--most recently on a  Main Street tour in Albia with some outstanding female small business  owners. Nearly 60,000 small businesses in Iowa have received PPP loans,  saving hundreds of thousands of jobs. But, folks, there are more funds  left in the program, and many of these folks need additional help. That  is why we should allow our most distressed businesses to receive a  second PPP loan--so they can continue to keep workers paid and their  doors open. The HEALS Act would make that possible.   While the Paycheck Protection Program helped the Crayons 2 Pencils  daycare center keep their employees paid, as folks are getting back to  work, these critical facilities are facing new challenges--making up  for losses from decreased enrollment, trying to expand to accommodate  more kiddos due to school closures, or acquiring critical medical  supplies or PPE to create a safe and clean environment for these  families.   Just recently, I held a telephone townhall, and I was joined by  Iowa's director of health and human services, Kelly Garcia. We heard  the concerns of Iowa parents and talked about the solutions we are  working on at the State and Federal levels when it comes to childcare  access and affordability.   Our working parents are anxious and concerned about what lies ahead.  Do they have to quit their jobs to stay at home with the kids? How much  will childcare cost? What happens if childcare providers can't open  back up?   This is the reality for so many. That is why I made it a top priority  to provide additional resources for our childcare programs and our  families. Included in the HEALS Act is my bill to create back-to-work  childcare grants, which would give providers the resources they need to  make it through this crisis. It would also help them access PPE and  other medical supplies so they can adhere to the safety guidelines and  provide a clean and safe environment.   But it doesn't stop there. I am also working to assist our lower  income families, those who rely on the child care and development block  grants and those who simply need access to clean diapers.   Just a couple of weeks ago, I was in Davenport, IA, where I got to  take part in a diaper distribution with the Hiney Heroes of the Quad  Cities--yes, Hiney Heroes. As a result of this visit, the folks over at  Huggies and the National Diaper Bank donated 25,000 diapers to this  important diaper bank. We know that during this pandemic, the diaper  supply has run short. I have teamed up with Democratic Senator Chris  Murphy on this effort to include additional assistance for our diaper  banks.   COVID-19 has also created challenges for our farmers. These hard- working folks are facing new challenges while working around the clock  to make sure Americans have adequate access to food and fuel. I was  visiting with some farmers at the Bloomfield Livestock Market in Davis  County not long ago, and they described these hardships firsthand. I  hear the same from our ethanol and biodiesel producers. That is why I  helped ensure more aid for our farmers and producers, including our  ethanol producers and so many other important commodities in Iowa.   In our rural communities--like Montgomery County, where I live-- COVID-19 has only amplified existing financial pressures on our  healthcare centers. Most rural hospitals rely on services such as  elective surgery to keep them financially afloat, but because of the  pandemic and the response to it, many hospitals have had to cancel  these elective surgeries as protective measures due to the pandemic.   Additionally, the need for PPE and other equipment has significantly  increased.   Lower revenue combined with higher expenses has made it incredibly  difficult for these rural hospitals to stay afloat. We absolutely can't  leave these folks behind. We need our hospitals to keep their doors  open so that quality healthcare is accessible to all Iowans, whether  they live in the big cities like Des Moines and Polk County or small  communities like Red Oak, where I live, in Montgomery County.   As I have toured Iowa over the last several weeks, I have also  visited with many of our essential workers. Our nurses, grocery store  clerks, truckdrivers, childcare providers, and so many more have been  working on the frontlines of this pandemic, rising to the challenge to  care for and protect Iowans. That is why I am pushing hard to allow  these essential workers to keep more of their hard-earned dollars by  suspending Federal income and payroll taxes. These folks deserve a  reward for their tireless efforts.   No amount of financial relief will make this virus go away, but  Congress has a role to play in helping families get back on their feet,  but it is also every single one of us doing our part--wearing our  masks, washing our hands, and social distancing as much as possible.  Together, with the help of every individual and all levels of  government, we will get through this.   I yield the floor   