 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I come to the floor today to urge my  colleagues to vote against the nomination of Nathan Simington to be a  member of the Federal Communications Commission.   We definitely want the FCC to focus on commonsense consumer  protections, universal broadband, and the survival of our news and  local journalism industry as it faces unbelievable and unfair  competition and practices by the tech sector, and we also want to make  sure that the next President of the United States also gets to choose  their member and representation to the FCC.   The Senate has a tradition of confirming Commission nominees in pairs  to ensure equality on both sides of the aisle. I think moving this  nominee without that democratic paring is contrary to what we have  usually operated under in good governance.   Every Member of this body should be concerned about setting a  precedent and what it will mean in the future if we don't have  essential consumer protections and oversight in this important  institution.   We need high-quality, affordable broadband for the underserved and  the unserved. That includes Tribal country.   We need to make sure that we are working hard as a result of the  pandemic and for people to understand that broadband is now essential  to our healthcare, to being able to work, and certainly to the  education of our children. According to the AP, 16 percent of families  with children have no access to broadband, and we need to make sure  that all students have the tools for distance learning.   We need to make sure that Washingtonians have access to broadband for  healthcare centers and clinics and to make sure that their initial  contacts can be done online, just to help us in fighting the pandemic.   Especially, we need to preserve a free and open internet that is not  divided into haves and have-nots.   The innovation economy is so important to my State, but it is  important to the entire United States, and we need to have nominees who  will fight for these policies, to get them implemented. That is why it  is important that we look at FCC Commissioners.   Mr. Simington was before our Commerce Committee. We had another  nominee whom the White House abruptly, unexpectedly pulled from its  renomination--Commissioner O'Rielly--just days after the committee  reported that nomination to the Senate, allegedly because he spoke his  mind and because he did not agree with the President of the United  States. Mr. Simington was nominated instead just a few weeks later,  coming from NTIA, which asks the FCC to issue rules.   It raises questions in my mind about the White House's choice in Mr.  Simington, particularly given these issues as it relates to the FCC and  key responsibilities. I have questions about his neutrality and  independence on issues before the Commission and about whether he  aggressively and actively sought the media attention to personally and  explicitly direct pressure onto the FCC. This involvement might sound  insignificant or just partisan to some, but it is so important for the  FCC to continue to play an important and independent role from the  President of the United States.   So I hope we will not pass the Simington nomination. But I am  emphasizing to my colleagues that the President will deserve his  nominee as well, and I hope our colleagues will move quickly to confirm  them once they are nominated.   