 Madam President, this morning, I let Minnesotans know that  I will vote to remove President Donald Trump from office. I rise today  because, on this historic vote, I want Minnesotans to understand why  and where I think we go from here.   I was reluctant to go down the path of impeachment. While I strongly  disagree with the President on many issues, I see impeachment as a last  resort, and I feared that leaping to impeachment would only serve to  drive us even further into our political corners. This changed when I  read the whistleblower report, which alleged nothing less than the  President's corrupt abuse of power, an abuse that had the potential to  undermine our election in 2020. For me, this left no choice but for the  House to fully investigate these allegations.   When the House sent the two Articles of Impeachment to the Senate, it  became my job to ``do impartial justice according to the Constitution  and the laws,'' and I take that oath as seriously as anything I have  ever done.   This impeachment trial has been about whether the President's corrupt  abuse of power--power that he used for his own personal, political  benefit while betraying the public trust--is a high crime and  misdemeanor as defined by the Founders of our Constitution.   I believe that it is, and I also believe that to condone corrupt  behavior such as this undermines the core values we stand for as a  nation that no one is above the law, including and most especially the  President.   Over the past several weeks, I have listened carefully to hundreds of  hours of presentations, questions and answers, and read thousands of  pages of documents. Through it all, the facts underlying the case  against the President were never really refuted.   The President, working through his personal lawyer, Rudy Giuliani,  withheld Ukrainian security assistance and a prestigious meeting in the  White House in an effort to persuade President Zelensky to announce he  was investigating Joe Biden and the theory that Ukraine interfered in  our 2016 elections. In order to improve his prospects for reelection,  Trump directed that vital assistance be withheld until Ukraine  announced investigations into a baseless conspiracy theory that  originated as Russian propaganda, and he only released the aid when he  was found out.   Then, when the House sought to investigate these actions, the Trump  White House categorically blocked any and all subpoenas for documents  and witnesses. No U.S. President has ever categorically rejected the  power of Congress to investigate and do oversight of the executive  branch--not Nixon, not Clinton. This obstruction fractures the balance  of power between the legislative and executive branches.   How can our constitutional system work if we allow the President to  decide if and how Congress can investigate the President's misconduct?  It can't. If we say that the President can decide when he cooperates  with a congressional investigation, we are saying that he is above the  law.   While evidence of the President's wrongdoing is substantial, I  advocated every way I could for a trial that would be fair for both  sides, which means hearing from witnesses with direct knowledge of the  President's actions. I am greatly disappointed that almost all of my  Republican colleagues in the Senate abandoned the historical,  bipartisan precedent of hearing from witnesses in every Senate  impeachment trial.   Ultimately, when so many people know the truth of what happened, the  complete truth will come out. Yet the Senate abandoned its  responsibilities when it blocked efforts to get the complete truth here  in this Chamber. As a result, there will be a permanent cloud over  these proceedings. The President may be acquitted, but without a fair  trial he cannot claim to be exonerated.   The core question of this impeachment trial is this: Do we say that  it is OK for the President to use his office to advance his personal  political interests while ignoring or damaging the public good? My  answer is no.   Corruptly soliciting a foreign government to interfere in our  elections and to announce an investigation to damage a political rival  and an American citizen at the expense of free and fair elections and  our national security--that is the definition of an abuse of power.  This is what Alexander Hamilton was talking about when he wrote that  impeachment proceedings should concern ``the abuse or violation of some  public trust.''   Some have argued that what the President did was wrong, but his  conduct does not rise to the level of impeachment. They agree that the  President used his power to secure an unfair advantage in our elections  but think that this abuse of power isn't that bad. It isn't bad enough  to remove him from office.   It is that bad. Trump's abuses of power are grave offenses that  threaten the constitutional balance of power and the core value that no  one, especially the President, is above the law. The President's abuse  of power undermines the integrity of our next election and calls into  question whether our elections will be free and fair. His abuses of  power damage national security by undermining the moral stature of the  United States as a trusted ally and as a fighter against corruption.   For me, one of the saddest moments of this trial was the testimony  from American diplomats who urged Ukrainian leaders not to engage in  political investigations. According to the testimony, the Ukrainians  responded by saying, in effect: Do you mean like the investigations you  are asking us to do with the Bidens and the Clintons?   Some have said that we should wait and let the American people decide  in the next election, only months away. But when the President has  solicited foreign nations to influence our elections with  disinformation and has prevented the American people from hearing a  full and fair accounting of that effort, our duty to defend the  Constitution requires that we act now. A vote to remove the President  from office protects our next election.   When Leader McConnell refuses to allow the Senate to consider  election  [[Page S824]]  security legislation and when the President shows no remorse and says  publicly that he is ready to do it again, we have no choice but to act.  When the President says that the Constitution allows him to do whatever  he wants, Congress must act.   The President's conduct is a threat to our elections and our national  security. What is more, if we fail to check this President, future  Presidents may be emboldened to pursue even more shameless schemes.   Lots of countries have high-minded constitutions full of powerful  words and strong enunciations of rights that don't really mean  anything. As House manager Adam Schiff pointed out, Russia has a  Constitution like this. Our Constitution is different. It is not some  dry, historic document that we keep behind glass in a museum. It is the  big idea of our system of government that no one is above the law, and  people, not Monarchs, are the source of power. Everything--everything-- flows from this great idea realized in the lives of Minnesotans who,  every day, seek the freedom and the opportunities they need to build  the lives they want.   There is nothing inevitable about democracy. It is not a natural  state. It is a state that we have to fight for. The fight for democracy  and our Constitution has chosen us in this moment, and it is our job to  rise to this moment.   After the Senate vote, the work of reinforcing the American values of  fairness and justice will continue. We have a lot of work to do.  Democracy is hard work, and I know that Minnesotans are up to it. The  truth is that I see more signs of common ground, hope, and  determination in Minnesota than I do the fractures of division,  distrust, and partisanship, and that is a foundation for us all to  build on going forward.   I yield the floor.   