 Mr. President, I want to also join in commending  Senators Murray, Schumer, and Hassan. I am proud to be a part of this  effort to make sure that children, from early childhood education to  lifelong learning, are able to continue and not fall behind. It is  critical that we act on this legislation.   I rise to speak to another measure that has gone undebated in this  body. It underlies the reopening of our economy, including K-12  education and many other activities. In fact, I started working on this  legislation with Senator Duckworth when it was only essential workers  who were reporting to work every day, but now, as we reopen, it is so  required.   As our Nation battles an ongoing and deadly pandemic, thousands of  American workers have been on the job from the start, keeping our  economy running and keeping people safe. They are healthcare workers,  food service and grocery store workers, warehouse workers,  transportation workers, and all those working on the frontlines every  day to confront this pandemic.   Today, even as coronavirus cases continue to rise, many States have  already reopened businesses and restaurants, calling more and more  people back to work to serve their community. More than 125,000  Americans, including tens of thousands of frontline workers, have died,  and these numbers are rising every single day. Yet there is no Federal  enforceable standard in place to protect American workers from getting  infected with or spreading COVID-19.   I have heard from a nurse in Wisconsin who is having to ration  personal protective equipment, or PPE, and wear the same mask for 3  weeks or longer.   I have heard from a grocery store worker in Racine who says their  store still lacks basic protections like protective plexiglass  partitions.   I have heard from a meatpacking plant worker in Green Bay, WI, who  still has to stand shoulder to shoulder with colleagues on the plant  floor rather than standing 6 feet apart.   The lack of basic protections are putting Wisconsin workers at risk.   I have repeatedly called on the Trump administration to take action.  The Department of Labor and OSHA, the agency in charge of protecting  workplace safety and health, need to establish protections that aren't  voluntary guidance but are mandatory standards.   OSHA has the authority to issue an emergency temporary standard if  employees are exposed to grave danger from new hazards, but this  administration has done nothing but recommend voluntary guidelines to  workplaces. Voluntary recommendations are not binding, and OSHA  currently has no enforceable standard to protect workers from airborne  infectious diseases, leaving the Nation's workers at an elevated risk  of exposure to the coronavirus. Voluntary compliance is not enough when  hundreds of thousands of American lives are on the line.   Now, some businesses are voluntarily making the necessary investments  to keep their workers safe, but without a mandatory Federal  requirement, businesses doing the right thing are left at a comparative  disadvantage.   We cannot combat this pandemic if we do not take immediate action to  protect workers.   Months ago, as I said, I introduced legislation with Senator  Duckworth to protect U.S. workers from COVID-19 in response to  disturbing and widespread reports of unsafe workplaces leading to  preventable illnesses and deaths.   The COVID-19 Every Worker Protection Act would require the  Occupational Safety and Health Administration to issue emergency  temporary standards that establish a legal obligation for all  workplaces to implement comprehensive infectious disease exposure  control plans and keep workers safe during the COVID-19 pandemic.   This legislation passed the House of Representatives more than 6  weeks ago as part of the HEROES Act, but Leader McConnell has buried  this bill in his legislative graveyard.   This legislation is the single best way to require all workplaces to  protect the health and safety of their workers and to prevent  additional outbreaks and further spread of the coronavirus. It is not  enough just to say ``thank you'' and label our frontline workers  heroes. We need to create a safe workplace so that these heroes can  continue to do their heroic work.   Congress can take immediate action right now to require workplaces  and employers to put enforceable standards in place to protect their  workers. We can and we should do more in this country to do right by  our workers. That is why I am asking right now for unanimous consent to  pass my COVID-19 Every Worker Protection Act.   I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Health, Education,  Labor, and Pensions be discharged from further consideration of S.  3677, the COVID-19 Every Worker Protection Act of 2020; that the bill  be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I am very disappointed. I think this is  one of the most critical actions that our country could take in the  face of this pandemic that has created so much havoc in our economy and  has also has taken too many precious souls from us.   I would state this on examination of this bill: It is not, in fact, a  one-size-fits-all. If there is any agency anywhere that has the  wherewithal to promulgate an emergency temporary standard, and,  ultimately, after 24 months a permanent standard, it is the Department  of Labor and its Occupational Safety and Health Administration.   The failure of leadership that this administration--as in OSHA--is  not doing its job is unfathomable to me. But I believe that it sits in  the best position to issue an emergency temporary standard and protect  our workers and customers and students and patients who necessarily  interact with these workers. I am disappointed. But, again, we will  continue to press this issue until every worker does have these  protections.   I yield the floor.   