 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman  from Pennsylvania for the time to speak as colead on this important  resolution, to establish a thorough investigation. I know that we have  colleagues across the aisle who want this investigation, and I ask them  to join us today.    Before having the privilege to serve in Congress, I was an adoption  attorney for 25 years. I sat with 300 birth mothers as they make the  most profound, private, and consequential decision of their lifetime.   In America, the government should not interfere in this most personal  and intimate decision. Any type of sterilization, without consent, is a  shocking and wrong interference.   I ask my colleagues: How many hysterectomies would be sufficient for  a resolution? Would a partial hysterectomy without consent, for those  who hold themselves out to be pro-life? These are women who want to  have children. We can find common ground.   In America, the government should not interfere, and that is why I  and so many Members of this Congress were shocked and horrified, first,  to read about the whistleblower complaint; then the expose in The New  York Times, with even more detail; and, finally, to speak with our  colleagues, the codel that took the time to go to Irwin, Georgia, over  the weekend and to sit and speak with the women who have had  unspeakable surgery on them without their consent or understanding.   This chilling report outlines invasive gynecological procedures,  ranging from full abdominal hysterectomy to the removal of ovaries and  fallopian tubes.   We will acknowledge, not every surgery was a full hysterectomy, but  that should not keep us from helping these women who have come forward  detailing the pain and the trauma that these procedures have inflicted  with life-changing consequences.   These procedures, performed without consent, in some cases result in  the woman's inability to ever have a child, to ever bear a life. We  have removed that life choice without her consent. And women who want  to bear a child should have that right.   In America, the decision of whether to have a child rests squarely  with women and is protected by the United States Constitution and 50  years of precedent under the law; yet we find ourselves amidst a  renewed national conversation about whether women can make healthcare  decisions about their own bodies and whether they can have the choice  to bear a child.    Madam Speaker, these are the most  difficult and private decisions that women will make, and the  government should never have a role in that decision.  [[Page H5132]]    So make no mistake about it: Women's reproductive health and well- being is under attack in America, and whether that battleground may be  a detention facility in Georgia or the highest court in the land, we  must speak out, in unequivocal terms, to condemn efforts that take away  a woman's ability to make her own healthcare decisions, including when  and whether to bear a child.   