 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Senate proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business,  with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Mr. President, I rise, along with my good friend  and colleague, the senior Senator from Illinois, to stress the  importance of what is happening in this country right now and who is on  the frontline during this healthcare crisis and why we need to support  them. There is no doubt.   I just came from Nevada. There are so many essential workers who are  risking their lives, as well as their loved ones, to provide essential  care and help for individuals, not just in Nevada but across the  country. We are talking about healthcare workers. We are talking about  transit drivers, sanitation workers, first responders. We are talking  about those who are working with the grocery stores, showing up every  day to make sure that individuals in need can have the groceries they  so require during this healthcare crisis.   So much is at stake right now. I do not want to forget all of those  State and local government workers. Right now in my State, there are so  many  [[Page S2268]]  State workers who are showing up to ensure that individuals get the  essential paycheck or the expanded unemployment insurance that we  fought to make sure they can receive, and they are showing up, as well.   I, too, stand with my colleague because I think it is important that  we recognize not only our healthcare workers but some of those who need  extra help from this legislature. We have spent, unfortunately, the  last 3 years of this administration attacking them. These are our  immigrants in Nevada and across this country who are actually going out  every day and risking their lives to help others in need, and they are  working in our healthcare.   One of them I rise to talk about today is Anna Ledesma. She is a DACA  recipient in Nevada, and she works in a pediatric ICU in Nevada as a  nurse, in Las Vegas. Anna has been in the United States since she was 7  years old. She got interested in medicine because an aunt who was a  nurse thought it would be the perfect career for her. Her aunt was  right. Anna loves biology and she loves learning how disease process  works. But, most of all, Anna loves her patients. She said: ``I love  connecting with them over Disney stuff.'' Anna will tell you: ``I think  I'm a good pediatric nurse because at heart, I'm still a kid too.''   All across Nevada, immigrants like Anna are working on the frontlines  to help others in need during this healthcare crisis. They are working  as teachers for children learning from home. They are staffing  retirement homes, taking care of at-risk seniors in the middle of a  pandemic that targets our elders. They are harvesting, they are  shelving, and they are cooking food for all of us.   More than 200,000 DACA recipients in the United States are on the  frontlines of healthcare, education, agriculture, and other essential  jobs. There are almost 5,000 of them in Nevada alone among the 12,000  Nevada DACA recipients. These are our friends, and they are our  neighbors.   Yet this administration continues to demonize them with anti- immigrant rhetoric and has turned their lives upside down by trying to  end DACA. These are the young professionals at risk if the Supreme  Court upholds President Trump's decision to terminate DACA.   These young men and women have grown up in our communities, and they  are giving back. Even in the face of their uncertain futures, they are  still showing up to work each shift and still demonstrating by their  everyday heroism that they belong here.   Now, more than ever, we need to understand that those who come to  America in search of a better life don't diminish us. They enrich us.  You can see how cruel and twisted the immigration debate in this  country has become if you just think about this: In the middle of a  worldwide health crisis, when they should be focused on keeping their  patients alive and limiting their own exposure, the 27,000 DACA  recipients in healthcare have to worry about their own legal status.   Anna says that the health crisis her hospital is facing has almost  managed to push out the fear that is always in the back of her mind  about attacks on DACA and attacks on her future--almost, because it  never really goes away. A few weeks ago, Anna was transferred to other  parts of the hospital to help adult patients with COVID-19. She told me  about the utter isolation of these patients who are fighting for their  lives far from their loved ones. She told me about former University  Medical Center friends and colleagues, now in New York and in Seattle,  who are witnessing the same scenes.   Lately, the number of children suffering from COVID-19 has increased  in Nevada. Anna is back in the pediatric ICU, where patients are mostly  asymptomatic. With these healthier patients, it is easier to do what  she does best, which is to teach kids the things they need to know  about a procedure or an operation they are facing, distracting them and  making them laugh.   We need to let Anna do her job. We need to let the thousands of  immigrants who are on the frontline right now continue to do their  jobs. We must allow her to keep serving the only community she has ever  known. We need to create a pathway for citizenship for so many like  Anna. We need to give them all the tools they need to keep themselves  and the rest of us healthy.   Anna's story is an American story--one of struggle, courage, and  sacrifice for your community in order to build a brighter future for  those who come after.   I am going to continue to fight for DACA recipients and immigrants  like Anna and everyone else who has contributed, not just in my State  but in this country, to not only enrich all of our lives but to  continue to contribute to our economy and to make our lives better. The  least we can do is to give them peace of mind and let them know that  the only country they have ever known is one they can stay in forever.  That is my fight. I hope that is the Presiding Officer's fight and of  many of my colleagues. This is something that must be done. We have to  pass legislation to make sure Dreamers in this country and their  parents have every opportunity to stay and find that pathway to  citizenship. They are already contributing.   I yield the floor.   