 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 35.   Today, the House will pass the Emmett Till Antilynching Act and  designate lynching as a hate crime under Federal law. But we must  admit, it is a travesty that it has taken 120 years for the U.S.  Government to address this crime. In fact, the first bill to outlaw  lynching was introduced in 1900.   Make no mistake, lynching is terrorism. It is terrorism directed at  African Americans. Lynching was commonly used for 256 years during the  period of enslavement and for almost 100 years after slavery, well into  the 1950s.   And, frankly, even today, periodically you will hear news stories of  nooses being left on college campuses, in work locker rooms to threaten  and terrorize African Americans, a vicious reminder that the past is  never that far away. In fact, the last known victim of lynching was  just 25 years ago, and for the first time in history, the perpetrator  was actually convicted and executed.   We often like to only talk about the glorious parts of our history,  and it is difficult for us to hear some of the ugly parts, but it is  important that we do hear and understand our history in full. This form  of terrorism was used to kill Black people and terrorize and terrify  those who were not murdered into understanding they were not considered  as humans.   Today, in Montgomery, Alabama, there is the National Memorial for  Peace and Justice, and I hope that everyone has an opportunity to see  that because it is the only place in our country that actually  documents in every State where known lynchings were taken place and in  every county.   Lynchings were advertised in newspapers as recreational events that  families would attend. They would have picnics while they watched  brutal murders take place.    Madam Speaker, I want to leave with a 1930 editorial in the  Raleigh News and Observer that noted the elation of the audience  witnessing a lynching as follows: ``Men joked loudly at the sight of  the bleeding body. . . . Girls giggled as the flies fed on the blood  that dripped from the Negro's nose.''   Lynchings were brutal, violent, and savage public spectacles. As I  said, they were advertised in newspapers, and postcards were sold.  Souvenirs were made from victims' remains.    Madam Speaker, I do not need additional time.   