 Mr. President, I am honored to pay tribute to my  colleague, Senator Lamar Alexander. When speaking about the Senate,  Senator Alexander often says, ``It's hard to get here, it's hard to  stay here, and while you're here, you might as well try to accomplish  something good for the country.'' Over his 18 years in this  institution, he has embodied those words and has served as a guiding  force of principle and bipartisanship.   Under his 6 years of leadership as chair, the Senate Health,  Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee reported 45 bills that became  law. It is a shining example of his commitment to working together and  finding resolution on issues that directly impact Americans' lives. As  a member of the HELP Committee, I am thankful to have had the  opportunity to work with Senator Alexander on some of these bills, such  as the Opioid Crisis Response Act of 2018 and the reauthorization of  the Perkins Career and Technical Education law, among others. I am also  thankful for Chair Alexander's, as well as Ranking Member Patty  Murray's, support for my work to lower the cost of prescription drugs  and improve access to mental health services.   When I came to the Senate in 2018, Senator Alexander welcomed me as a  colleague and friend, for which I will always be grateful. While I will  miss his esteemed, bipartisan leadership, both on the HELP Committee  and in the Senate, I am grateful for his service to our country and  wish him and Honey the best in their next chapter.    Mr. President, Doug Jones and I came to the Senate at the  same time--a class of just the two of us arriving in an off-year to  fill partial terms. We were sworn in together on January 3, 2018, with  each of us accompanied by a former Vice President--Walter Mondale in my  case, Joe Biden in Doug's. We shared the unique experience of arriving  during an unprecedented period in the Senate's history, and I am  fortunate to have spent the first 3 years of my Senate journey with a  partner like Doug by my side.   Doug and I both joined the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions  Committee, and we quickly found common cause in rural healthcare.  Within months, Doug had introduced the Rural Health Liaison Act, which  helped to unify Federal resources to better support the health of rural  communities. This act, which became law through our collaboration on  the 2018 farm bill, put the government in a better position to respond  to crises like the one we are experiencing today. The foresight and  compassion Doug displayed in leading this initiative were hallmarks of  his time in the Senate. Whether he was working to lower the costs of  higher education, helping me bring high-speed internet to rural areas,  or passing legislation to support military spouses, I could always  count on Doug to be a voice for rural communities on the HELP  Committee.   Doug and I also sat next to each other on the Banking Committee,  where I have appreciated his thoughtful focus on rectifying racial  disparities in income and wealth, particularly those caused by Federal  policies of the past. In addition, Doug played a key role in leading a  bipartisan effort to  [[Page S7709]]  update Federal anti-money laundering laws, which I am hopeful will  become law as part of the NDAA later this month. Thanks to his work, we  are on the verge of finally putting a stop to the use of anonymous  shell companies by traffickers, terrorists, and tax dodgers, and making  numerous other reforms that will cut off funding for criminal actors  and make Americans safer.   I have been proud to call Doug a colleague and friend. I know that  Americans in Alabama, Minnesota, and everywhere in between join me in  thanking him for his service and wishing him a fond farewell.   