 Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Chair, I rise to offer an amendment that protects  union elections by ensuring timely notices of union representation  elections. This amendment overturns a recent National Labor Relations  Board regulation that undermines workers' rights to organize in their  workplace.   I would like to begin by thanking Chairman Scott and his exceptional  staff for working with me on this amendment, and for their tireless  efforts to strengthen unions and protect our country's workers.   The PRO Act strengthens workers' rights to a free and fair union  representation election. It does so by fostering transparency in the  workplace about the right to organize and removing barriers that were  solely created to undercut labor organizing at the workplace.   In 2014, Madam Chair, the Board updated its union election procedures  by streamlining the union representation process. The PRO Act codifies  many of the 2004 requirements, including the timelines for pre- and  post-election hearings.   The 2014 Election Rule protected the integrity of the union  representation process, which is critical, and it was upheld in every  court where it was challenged.   You see, corporate greed is what is driving this administration's  attack on workers. In December of 2019, the Board rescinded many parts  of that 2014 rule, burdening our workers with unnecessary delays and  giving corporations more opportunity to stall workplace rights and  organizing with frivolous litigation.   The Republican Chairman of the Board, John Ring, pushed these changes  without providing any notice to the public, ambushing workers with new  procedures, solely designed to undermine the rights for our folks, for  our neighbors and workers to organize.   One important change in that 2014 Election Rule required corporations  to post a notice when workers file a petition for an election. This  notice is critical to informing workers about the details of the  petition, and their rights, while the board processes their petition.   Notably, the 2014 rule required corporations to post this notice  within two business days, 2 business days after the board issues notice  of a pre-election hearing. This requirement was fair, and it was just.   However, once again, the agents of corporate greed are trying to  cheat us out of our rights. Chairman Ring and the other Republican  members of the board nearly tripled the amount of time corporations  have to post that notice to 5 days after being notified about the pre- election hearing. This delay enables the corporations to take advantage  of a crucial time period where workers may not know their rights or the  details of the board process governing their petition for a fair  election.   We should be doing all we can do, Madam Chair, to ensure workers'  collective bargaining rights are protected. Enough of the antiworker  mentality driven by those who want to avoid paying fair wages and  offering strong workplace protections for our neighbors.   This amendment restores fairness and democracy into our process,  Madam Chair, and it brings back the 2014 election rule by requiring the  corporations to post the notice of petition for election within 2 days  after the board notifies the corporations and the union about the pre- election hearing.   It is pretty simple. In doing so, this amendment will foster more  transparency, and will prevent unnecessary delays that undermine the  right to organize in our country.   Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Look, unnecessary delays in union representation elections provide  corporations with more time to wage anti-union campaigns using illegal  and legal tactics. That is why folks are going to be against this.   When workers file a petition for union representation elections,  corporations must properly notify them of their rights under the law.  It is pretty clear. It is pretty transparent, and allows, again,  information to get to workers, our neighbors that are there that want  to organize for better wages, for protection at the workplace.   I urge my colleagues to please vote ``yes'' on this amendment.   Madam Chair, I yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from  Florida (Ms. Frankel).    Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   