 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the coronavirus  economic recovery package being considered today.   Never in our lifetimes have we experienced a public health crisis  such as the one we are experiencing right now.   From the employees who are losing their jobs, to the small business  owners who are being forced to shut down, every facet of our society  has been impacted by this pandemic.   With millions of American families struggling to make ends meet,  Congress must take immediate action to bring them relief. The  legislation before us today puts us on the path to do just that.   Most importantly, this package puts workers and their families first.   The bill would provide direct payments to most American workers to  help them get by while much of our economy is shut down. This extra  money is critical to many of my constituents that have had hours  slashed or income lost as result of this crisis.   The bill also dramatically expands unemployment insurance, including  for workers with non-traditional employment. This is vitally important  for many of my constituents who work in the gig-economy or are self- employed.   Under this package, these workers, along with those that work for  traditional businesses, would be eligible for unemployment insurance  that would, on average, ensure they receive their full pay for four  months.   And for those that were already on the edge of housing insecurity,  this bill would provide billions of dollars in support for affordable  housing and homelessness assistance programs.   The bill also provides essential support to the small businesses that  fuel our local economies and contribute to our communities.  [[Page H1855]]    If we don't take bold action right now, many of these businesses may  not survive. We cannot let that happen.   This package includes billions of dollars in much-needed assistance  for small businesses, that will incentivize them to maintain payroll  and avoid laying off workers. And it will help these small businesses  afford rent or mortgages as they work tirelessly to navigate this  crisis.   Our students are also hurting from this crisis. This bill would  provide billions in emergency education funding and eliminate income  tax on a large chunk of student loan repayment assistance paid for by  an employer.   Finally, this package would direct billions of dollars toward  hospitals and other health care providers on the frontlines of this  pandemic. It will continue our efforts to provide our health care  workers with the life-saving protective equipment they need to do their  jobs safely and effectively.   It is no question that this relief package would provide critical  assistance to American workers and their families. But it's also no  question that there's more work to be done.   We still must do more to protect our immigrant communities,  incarcerated individuals, undocumented people, and many more.   We also must do more to protect reproductive rights. The inclusion of  Hyde restrictions on yet another federal funding stream is absolutely  unacceptable and should never have been allowed.   Exploiting the urgent need to pass this emergency funding bill by  adding unnecessary abortion coverage restrictions only further harms  the health of our communities and shows just how far the Administration  and anti-abortion politicians will go to push their agenda.   Furthermore, I am strongly disappointed that the Small Business  Administration has been given broad discretion to exclude critical  businesses, such as Planned Parenthood and YMCA, from participating in  the new small business loan program.   This move will only take away imperative resources, particularly  essential health services, that our communities need to respond to this  public health crisis.   Despite these concerns, I urge my colleagues to come together and  pass this critical package to bring immediate relief to our families,  workers, and small businesses.   But tomorrow, we must continue our work on the next major piece of  legislation to protect the health and well-being of all.   