 Madam Speaker, I rise today to say: Enough. In a  blatant attempt to suppress the vote, the occupant has continued to  attack the legitimacy of our elections, denouncing the very method of  voting he and his family have repeatedly used: mail-in ballots.   Hypocrisy: It should look familiar to my colleagues across the aisle.   How dare you refer to this as a sham bill. The only sham here is the  patriotism that you allege to espouse while you stand idly by and are  complicit in the dismantling of the United States Postal Service, which  is impacting the lives of all of our constituents, disrupting services.   Patriotism: They hire more veterans than anyone else. Veterans rely  on them to receive lifesaving medication. The only sham here is the  patriotism which you espouse.   Enough of the criminal and corrupt mismanagement of the Postmaster  General. The changes he has brought to our Postal Service during this  pandemic are brazen acts of sabotage intended to slow down operations  and to delay mail delivery.   This is a hell of a way to repay 600,000 dedicated letter carriers  and postal workers who have put themselves in harm's way in the midst  of this pandemic, who find dignity in their work and are worried about  the impact on services and fear for their very livelihoods and  retribution for the calls that they have made to all of our offices.   How dare you.   While the Trump administration and its allies continue to gaslight  the American people, we actually listen to our constituents and their  lived experiences and how this has disrupted their lives, what you are  referring to as fakes news, constituents like Cassandra, a freelancer  from Somerville who waited for 2 weeks for a check from a client to  arrive.   ``Freelancing is already unstable,'' she told me, ``and post office  delays mean I have even less assurance that the money I have worked for  will reach me in a timely fashion.''   Or Brendan in Charlestown, who requested an absentee ballot more than  3 weeks ago so he and his pregnant wife could vote without risking  their health but has yet to receive it because, in the Massachusetts  Seventh Congressional District, nine mail sorting machines have been  removed.   There must be accountability. It is time to pass the Delivering for  America Act.   