 Mr, Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R.  748, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act.  Our country is suffering from a pandemic on an unimaginable scale, and  this legislation will provide critical support to workers and families,  small businesses, healthcare providers, student loan borrowers, and  people struggling to make ends meet.   During the global COVID-19 pandemic, it is clear that we need direct  payments to individuals to strengthen and rebuild our economy and to  assist everyone with basics needs, such as rent and groceries. The  pandemic has caused businesses to shutter without clarity about if or  when they will be able to reopen, and it has left workers with the  uncertainty of whether they will have a job to return to when this  crisis ends. I'm pleased that this bill provides a direct cash payment  of up to $1200 for individuals making up to $75,000, and at least $2400  for families making up to $150,000. This is a good start, but Congress  will need to extend this assistance if the pandemic continues as  expected. Last week more than 3 million people applied for Unemployment  Insurance benefits, including more than 76,500 claims in Oregon. This  is the highest number in our country's recorded history. The bill we  are passing today will expand Unemployment Insurance to part-time,  self-employed, and gig economy workers and it bolsters the weekly  benefit by an additional $600. Incentives for states to eliminate  waiting periods for enrollment of UI and an additional 13 weeks of  federal funded unemployment benefits are also included. Additionally,  the bill includes rent assistance and additional funding for SNAP.   In addition to providing for cash payments and enhanced UI benefits,  the bill greatly increases wraparound services that families across the  country need. The bill includes an increase in Low Income Home Energy  Assistance Program funding to help people heat and cool their homes, a  moratorium on many evictions and foreclosures, more than $30 billion to  help school districts and higher education institutions, and a six- month pause on payment and interest accrual of federal student loans.  Furthermore, I advocated for the Treasury Department to temporarily  halt wage garnishment and collection programs for certain unpaid debts,  and this bill incorporates provisions to suspend involuntary  collections of student loans, including garnishing wages, tax refunds,  and essential benefits like Social Security. We also know that now,  more than ever, we need to be taking care of our seniors and the most  vulnerable. My legislation, the Advocating for Older Americans During  Coronavirus Crisis Act, was included in the bill. These provisions will  make sure that seniors in long-term care facilities have access to  support advocates during the crisis. I also led my colleagues in  advocating for funding for workforce development programs for workers  displaced or dislocated by the COVID-19 pandemic.   Although I am pleased that this bill includes some funding for  employment services, much more is needed to support our nation's  economic recovery and the success of workers. As a leader on the  Education and Labor Committee, I will continue to fight to protect  workers, families, students, and seniors throughout this crisis.   Additionally, many small business owners have had to close because of  the pandemic. Their owners have told me that they do not know if or  when they'll be able to return to normal operations. This legislation  provides $377 billion for small businesses, including $350 billion in  loans for small businesses and non-profits to use to cover their  expenses. Importantly, these loans may be forgiven if the proceeds are  used to retain employees and keep the businesses open. I also advocated  on behalf of the arts and humanities community to make sure that relief  for non-profits was included in this bill.   Small and medium sized farms in Northwest Oregon are continuing to  supply our food chain, but this pandemic is disrupting the livelihoods  of farmers, their families, and their employees. I advocated for  additional funding to send directly to farmers, and I'm pleased that  this package includes $9.5 billion in emergency funding for  agriculture, including growers of our prized specialty crops.   Our health care workers and hospitals have been on the front lines of  fighting this pandemic, and this legislation secures $150 billion in  funding to support those efforts. The bill makes sure those critical  care providers have the resources they need to respond to the crisis by  making additional investments in public health infrastructure,  community health systems, vaccine development, and funds for the  purchase of critical medical supplies. Importantly, that funding will  be used to acquire urgently needed personal protective equipment (PPE)  and testing supplies, as well as new facility construction to meet the  demand. There is more we need do to get PPE into the hands of our  health care providers and first responders, and I'll be focusing my  efforts on increasing production of domestic manufacturing in the days  and weeks ahead.   Our frontline workers would not be able to do their lifesaving work  without robust child care support. This bill provides an additional  $3.5 billion in Child Care Development Block  [[Page H1859]]  Grant funding to make sure that nurses, firefighters, doctors, and  others who are still working are able to access child care, and that  our child care providers have the financial support necessary to keep  their doors open and safely care for children. There is also additional  funding for Head Start programs.   For weeks, states have been shouldering the burden of combating the  pandemic, and this bill provides critical funding to support their  ongoing efforts. The legislation creates a Coronavirus Relief Fund for  states, and Oregon will receive more than $1.6 billion to help pay for  the costs associated with fighting coronavirus. The bill also contains  funding for Community Development Block Grants, which will help our  local communities rebuild.   As we continue to battle this pandemic, I am so grateful for  manufacturers across Oregon and around the country are stepping up and  working on innovative ways to provide assistance. The bill will make it  easier for manufacturers to make personal protective equipment and get  it into the hands of those who need it most. I championed a provision  in the bill that increases federal funding for Manufacturing USA  Institutes and our local manufacturing extension partnerships, and a  cost share waiver so that partnerships like the Oregon Manufacturing  Extension Partnership can begin their work without delay. I also  advocated for strengthening of the Defense Production Act to support  our manufacturers in meeting the PPE shortage, and I am pleased that  this bill includes $1. billion in DPA funding to strengthen the  domestic supply chain.   Finally, this bill includes $500 billion in loans to companies to  provide security to our economy. We fought tirelessly to make sure that  these loans are subject to strong oversight and robust guardrails to  provide accountability and protect the American workforce. Companies  that participate in the bill's loan program must not engage in stock  buyback for the life of the loan plus one year, there are restrictions  on executive compensation increases, and collective bargaining  agreements are protected. The bill creates a Treasury Department  Special Inspector General for Pandemic Recovery and a Pandemic Response  Accountability Committee, as well as a Congressional Oversight  Committee to make sure that the loan program is fully transparent and  accountable to the American people. Importantly, the bill prohibits  businesses controlled by the President, his family, and members of  Congress from receiving loans under the program. We will continue to  provide vigorous oversight over these companies and further advance the  needs of workers in future legislation to promote economic recovery.   I thank Speaker Pelosi for her leadership in negotiating this  critical package. There is much more work we must do on behalf of  Oregonians and people around the country, and I will continue to work  with my colleagues to enact policies to help working families.   