 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the bipartisan  agreement reached on the Senate Amendment to H.R. 748, the Coronavirus  Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act.   This bill will provide immediate relief to my constituents in  California's 19th District by providing direct cash payments to  families, expanding unemployment, infusing $150 billion investment in  our healthcare system, and supporting small businesses with hundreds of  billions that will also ensure continued employment for America's  workers.   As one of the hardest hit communities in the country, we know that  Santa Clara County cannot afford to wait any longer. Our hospitals,  health centers, and county health officials specifically need the  healthcare investment immediately to add capacity, work toward  universal testing, and procure more masks, gloves, and gowns to  guarantee our healthcare workers have the appropriate protections to do  their jobs safely and effectively.   Families in our community and around the country need immediate  assistance in the form of direct cash payments and expanded  unemployment insurance (UI). This week a record number of Americans  filed unemployment claims. They need this substantial expansion and  reform of UI benefits, which includes a $600 increase in the weekly  maximum benefit and coverage for self-employed and gig economy workers,  like the thousands of tech industry workers in Silicon Valley.   California small businesses need the $350 billion lifeline to help  cover rent, mortgage, and utility payments and keep workers employed so  that they can pick up where they left off when this crisis is over. In  addition, the $10 billion for small business emergency grants will  provide entrepreneurs and family-sustaining employers in Santa Clara  County with more immediate assistance.   The CARES Act also includes $25 billion for public transit agencies,  like the Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority, to keep service  running while keeping employees and passengers safe. An additional $3  billion dollars in grants will keep contracted workers employed at our  nation's airports, including at San Jose Mineta International Airport.   This bill will provide much needed and awaited relief for American  workers, families, small businesses, and healthcare systems, but it is  apparent that more will need to be done. I will continue to work with  my colleagues in the House and Senate to address specific community  needs in future legislation.    Mr. Speaker, Americans have voted during times of great  strife in the past. They voted during the Civil War, and in the shadow  of World War II. Americans stand united to vote this year, as well.  Coronavirus must not impede our elections.   Some states are postponing primaries and planning for a large  increase in absentee voting this November. State and local officials  need time and adequate resources to ensure an orderly election.   The Senate Amendment to H.R. 748, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and  Economic Security (CARES) Act, provides $400 million to the Election  Assistance Commission to make grants that prevent, prepare for, and  respond to the pandemic and the 2020 elections. The money will be  provided as ``Election Security Grants.'' Although this is an important  down payment and a first step, I am concerned that it falls short of  what is necessary.   By contrast, the House's Take Responsibility for Workers and Families  Act (H.R. 6379), which I coauthored, would have provided $4 billion in  funding to states to carry out this year's elections. It would require  officials to mail an absentee ballot to all registered voters during an  emergency, including COVID-19. The ballot would be provided with  prepaid return postage and a self-sealing envelope. It would set a  minimum nationwide standard of 15 consecutive days of early voting and  no-excuse absentee voting. The House bill would also require online  voter registration and same-day registration--important solutions to  cover voters who may have been wrongfully purged or otherwise  unregistered.   There is more to do to protect our democracy and bolster its  resilience. The House's package provides those milestones. I will  continue to work with my House and Senate colleagues to address  election preparedness in future legislation to respond to this  pandemic.   