 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R.  748, the CARES Act. This bill is far from perfect, nor do I think this  bill contains all that I think is important at this time. We will  continue to work.   However, this landmark piece of legislation will take a step in  providing economic relief for the thousands of Texans in my district  that are either at home or on the front lines as essential workers, as  we fight to bend the curve of this pandemic that is sweeping across our  country. Again, this is the best we can do at this time, but we will  continue to work to ensure the needs of the American people are met.   This bipartisan bill that we are debating here today provides  economic protection to Americans during this crisis by providing  expanded unemployment benefits for those that have been laid off,  direct cash assistance to our constituents so that they can use this  relief to continue meeting their everyday expenses, and much needed  funding to our Small Businesses so that they can meet payroll and  overhead costs.   Furthermore, this bill provides critically needed funding and  resources to our hospitals, community health centers, and local and  state governments. We must ensure that when our communities are faced  with this public health emergency, our systems can provide the urgent  medical attention they need. We have also successfully agreed to the  requirement for health insurance companies to pay for coronavirus  testing, thus eliminating a significant barrier to ensuring that each  and every person that needs to be tested can access testing.   Mr. Speaker, this is a public health crisis that has vast economic  consequences. Our job in congress should be to ensure the safety and  prosperity of our constituents as we fight this pandemic, This bill  takes a step in doing exactly that. It will not be the only step we  take in addressing both the public health and economic issues that this  we will face throughout this fight, but it is a step in the right  direction. I urge my colleagues to come together and support this  monumental legislation.   