 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Senate amendment to  H.R. 748, now referred to as the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic  Security Act, or CARES Act.   Congress must take action to provide relief and assistance to the  millions of people across the Nation who are struggling in the midst of  this national public health and economic emergency.   With 3.3 million Americans filing for unemployment last week, 1  million Californians filing for unemployment in the last 2 weeks, and  many families struggling to make ends meet, it is our duty as elected  officials to step up and help them.   Several weeks ago, as the chair of the Financial Services Committee,  I led the Democratic members on the Financial Services Committee in  devising a comprehensive plan to address the financial services aspects  of the coronavirus crisis. I am pleased that today's bill includes some  elements of this plan.   The legislation before us takes important steps to protect and  provide relief for consumers, renters, homeowners, and people  experiencing homelessness.   The bill will address the shortage of key medical supplies and  equipment by providing a $1 billion appropriation to the Defense  Production Act Fund.   It will support small businesses and local, territory, and State  governments and ensure that any Federal aid to corporations has  conditions and independent oversight.   The bill provides $4 billion to help combat the outbreak of this  disease among the homeless community.   Most importantly, building upon my proposal, most individuals and  families across the country will receive a check or direct deposit for  $1,200 for each adult and $500 for each child to help our families who  are struggling during this unprecedented crisis.   While I am pleased that the legislation includes these provisions  that Democrats fought for, while I support the bill's passage, I must  make it clear that the legislation is far from comprehensive and that  there are issues that it leaves unaddressed and areas where it falls  short.   H.R. 748 does not prohibit negative credit reporting during the  crisis, forgive student loan debt, or suspend all consumer credit  payments, among other concerns. However, despite these shortcomings,  this bill is the most consequential piece of legislation that many of  us will ever vote on.   The American people need help, and they need it now. This bill  represents a down payment on that relief. I look forward to working  with the Speaker, my committee colleagues, the Senate, and others on  the next phase of relief.   While it is clear that Congress must pass a fourth package to address  these and other shortcomings, the passage of today's bill is critical  for all families and communities.    Mr. Speaker, it is absolutely critical for Congress to  take action to provide relief and assistance to the millions of people  across the nation who are struggling in the midst of this national  public health and economic emergency. I rise today to support the  Senate Amendment to H.R. 748, now referred to as the Coronavirus Aid,  Relief, and Economic Security Act or CARES Act, and to address several  key issues. The legislation before us takes important steps to support  consumers, renters, homeowners and people experiencing homelessness, to  address the shortage of key medical supplies and equipment, to assist  small businesses and local, territory and state governments, and to  ensure that any federal aid to corporations has conditions and  independent oversight. While it is clear that Congress must continue to  take action to respond to and address this crisis, the passage of this  bill is much needed for families and communities in the United States.   The first draft of the Senate Republican bill failed to include  important relief for consumers, homeowners, renters, and people  experiencing homelessness. Thankfully, after I, and other Democrats  spoke out about the lack of homeless assistance in the first package  for Coronavirus relief, this bill now includes $4 billion for homeless  assistance. There are over half a million people experiencing  homelessness in America and the limited accommodation they have access  to is often in emergency shelter facilities that have several beds in a  single room. These cramped facilities are prime conditions for the  spread of a virus, and people experiencing homelessness are also more  vulnerable in that they often have limited access to health care  services. Congress expects that the Department of Housing and Urban  Development (HUD) will prioritize this vulnerable population in  delivering assistance.   This bill also includes a temporary moratorium on eviction filings  for renters who are living in properties with federal backing or  subsidies, as well as targeted rent relief for federally assisted  renters. I continue to have concerns about other renters, particularly  lower income renters who will not benefit from these provisions. The  House bill, H.R. 6379, the Take Responsibility for Workers and Families  Act, provided a $100 billion emergency rental assistance fund to help  renters in paying their rent and utilities. Congress needs provide such  assistance in a future package.   Homeowners with federally backed loans will also get relief under  this bill through a foreclosure moratorium and mortgage forbearance.  Multifamily rental property owners with federally backed mortgages will  also receive forbearance. I continue to have concerns about homeowners  and rental property owners with mortgages that do not have federal  backing and therefore will be excluded from this relief. I'm also  concerned that the bill provides no funding for rural housing programs.  Congress expects financial institutions, mortgage servicers, and  landlords to ensure they are in compliance with the law and promptly  provide clear and accessible notices to tenants and homeowners about  their eligibility for relief under the law.   While mortgage servicers have expressed concerns that they will not  be eligible to access a Federal Reserve facility to ensure that  businesses have access to financing, I believe that H.R. 748 is clear  that mortgage servicers, like other businesses, are eligible for this  financing. Indeed, the Federal Reserve already has sufficient authority  to create a facility to ensure that mortgage servicers have liquidity.  H.R. 748 builds on those authorities to ensure the Federal Reserve is  responsive to this crisis and its actions complement other provisions  in the bill, so Congress expects the Fed will act promptly to establish  and implement this facility. Congress also expects that the Secretaries  of Treasury and HUD, as well as the Director of the Federal Housing  Finance Agency will use their robust authorities provided in the  legislation and current law to ensure that the time periods allotted  for foreclosure moratorium and forbearance are long enough to provide  sufficient relief. We do not want homeowners to be forced to resume  making payments when the worst economic impacts of the crisis have yet  to subside.   This bill also includes $4 billion in Community Development Block  Grant funding to provide states and localities with flexible funding to  address various community needs associated with COVID-19, including the  provision of mobile health clinics. There is also $10 million to ensure  that elderly households living in HUD-assisted housing have access to  service coordinators and $2.5 million for fair housing enforcement and  education. Congress has seen that in the aftermath of disasters,  federal relief funding has often been spent in ways that discriminate  against minorities and other protected classes of people. These  additional funds are provided to focus the Federal response on ensuring  that the funding in this bill is spent in ways that are not  discriminatory.   Democrats pushed to ensure the bill helps struggling student loan  borrowers. The final bill pauses payments and suspends debt collection  on most federal student loans until September 30th. It prohibits  garnishment, tax seizure, benefits reduction, and interest accrual on  most federal student loans, allowing borrowers to remain current for  credit reporting and loan forgiveness program purposes. However, the  bill does not provide similar relief for private student loan  borrowers. It also does not provide any forgiveness of student loan  debt. H.R. 6379 provided payment relief, debt forgiveness, and student  loan forgiveness for federal and private student loan borrowers. Debt  forgiveness and parity for private student loan borrowers should be  addressed in any subsequent bill.   I also believe we need to ensure that all Americans have access to  the medical supplies they need. The bill includes $1,000,000,000 in  additional funding for the Defense Production Act (DPA). The DPA  provides emergency authority to prioritize contracts for essential  materials, allocate scarce items to key industries, and provide  incentives to companies to change production lines to provide items  that are in need. In times of crisis, this authority ensures that U.S.  production fulfills the crucial needs of the moment.   We are in such a crisis where this authority is needed. There are  countless reports of shortages of personal protection equipment, such  as masks and gowns, and other life-saving items, such as ventilators.  As we begin to ramp up critical diagnostic testing for larger and  larger parts of our population, our medical personnel are facing  shortages of this critical equipment. Without additional supplies, we  cannot safely protect our frontline medical professionals so that they  can administer the very tests that can make a key difference in  combatting this deadly virus.    Congress is providing the increase of funding to carry out the  Defense Production Act with the understanding that these funds are to  be used to help expand our domestic productive capacity for critically  needed medical supplies or equipment, to purchase such supplies or  equipment where necessary and to address other needs that directly  relate to meeting the emergency medical needs arising directly from the  COVID-19 pandemic. The Administration should use the funding provided  in the bill to increase domestic productive capacity for such supplies  and equipment by, for example, expanding a company's manufacturing  capability through the purchase, retrofit, or installation of  equipment; developing a producer's ability to be able to surge  production as needed; making purchasing agreements to ensure that a  company's manufacturing capacity will be economically sustainable; and/ or making various financial instruments available (such as direct  investments, loans, and loan guarantees) to enable any of these uses.  If there are other critical needs that come out of this crisis where  DPA funding would be necessary, the Committee on Financial Services,  which has jurisdiction over this authority, should be consulted prior  entering into any commitment to grants, loans, or purchases using this  funding.   As the Chairwoman of the Committee with jurisdiction over the Defense  Production Act, I will be reviewing both FEMA and HHS's efforts to use  the authorities of the Defense Production Act, and I will be closely  examining how this new $1,000,000,000 is going to be used to ensure the  health and safety of people living in the United States.   States, territories, and municipalities are on the frontlines of  responding to this pandemic. Hospitals are already experiencing severe  supply shortages, and there aren't enough  [[Page H1851]]  hospital beds or health care workers to get patients suffering from  this virus what they need. It is absolutely critical that we support  our local governments as they respond to the crisis and other  unanticipated expenses--especially in the face of sharply rising  interest rates on municipal bonds and declining local government sales  tax revenue. In addition to $150 billion in grants to states and cities  in this bill, H.R. 748 authorizes the Treasury Department to provide  financing to a Federal Reserve facility that would support states and  municipal government financing, including through the purchase of  longer dated maturity bonds. The bill also instructs the Treasury  Secretary to endeavor to lend through the Federal Reserve's facility to  states and cities to help them meet the huge needs they will see in the  months ahead. Given how urgent the needs are, Congress expects this  program to be stood up quickly, and for the support that it provides  for state and local borrowing to be robust, including through the  direct purchase of new debt issuances and long-dated municipal  securities.   The small businesses in this country form the backbone of our  nation's economy. This bill provides major funding to ensure small  businesses are able to continue to serve their local communities during  these difficult times. The final bill includes loan forgiveness to  small businesses for expenses related to utilities, rent, interest on  mortgages, and payroll, which should help struggling small businesses  will have access to funds to cover their immediate costs. There are  also funds available that Treasury and the Federal Reserve can and  should immediately deploy to support small businesses, and we will be  examining closely how these provisions are implemented.   The financial crisis of 2008 left millions of Americans stretched  financially, especially women, minorities, and diverse-owned  businesses. Unfortunately, many of them are still recovering from the  last crisis and will be vulnerable to any negative impacts as a result  of the COVID-19 pandemic. I am pleased that this legislation includes  $10 million for the Minority Business Development Administration. MBDA  will be able to direct funding to its minority business development  centers, which provide local support directly to minority businesses  within the communities they serve. These funds should be quickly  deployed. Congress should be mindful that $10 million is only a down  payment, and more funding is needed for grants and other assistance to  provide access to capital for minority businesses to ensure they do not  continue to be left out and further behind.   Community banks and credit unions are playing a vital role as we  endure and eventually move past this pandemic. This bill reauthorizes  the Transaction Account Guarantee (TAG) Program, a successful financial  crisis era program established to maintain confidence in our nation's  banking system, including minority depository institutions (MDIs),  community banks, and credit unions. The bill gives the Federal Deposit  Insurance Corporation (FDIC) and the National Credit Union  Administration (NCUA) authority to guarantee that noninterest-bearing  customer accounts, along with the debt owned by depository institutions  is covered even beyond the current $250,000 limit.   Fortunately, there are a few limited deregulatory proposals included  in the bill. Deregulation is not the answer to this crisis. Congress  will be overseeing the financial regulators in the weeks and months to  come to ensure that they do not advance harmful rollbacks that will  harm consumers during this time of national crisis. Financial  regulators should focus all of their energy on the current crisis. They  should immediately suspend any rulemaking or other efforts that have  nothing to do with this crisis.   The $500 billion Congress is authorizing for the Treasury Department  and the Federal Reserve to prudently extend emergency assistance  directly and indirectly to corporations, non-profits, states,  territories, and municipalities in this turbulent moment for our  economy must be used to protect workers, families, and the national  economy. These funds should not be used to line the pockets of  corporate executives or arrange for a taxpayer-funded slush fund that  enriches President Trump or his family.   That is why this bill expressly prohibits the President, members of  the President's Cabinet, and Members of Congress and their families  from receiving any of these funds. The bill also expressly limits  executive compensation and bonuses for corporations receiving  assistance, and requires certain businesses receiving aid to uphold  their collective bargaining agreements, maintain their workforce to at  least 90 percent of what it was before the pandemic, and preserve  worker pay and benefits. Furthermore, the bill prohibits companies  receiving federal aid from engaging in stock buybacks and issuing  dividends until taxpayers are fully paid back.   However, the bill allows the Treasury Secretary to waive some of  these conditions if the Secretary deems it in the federal government's  interests. This waiver is overly broad and thus should only be used in  only the most exceptional cases. The bill requires the Secretary to  make himself available to testify before the House Financial Services  Committee if he decides to exercise this waiver authority. Companies  should not ask for waivers simply because they are available. It is the  expectation of Congress that every business receiving government  assistance fully complies with all of the aforementioned conditions.  There is no reason that a business receiving taxpayer aid should focus  on anything other than supporting and retaining its workforce.  Furthermore, a business receiving taxpayer funds should not be engaging  in stock buybacks or issuing dividends, and its CEO should go beyond  the bill's conditions and restrain excessive compensation practices.   Furthermore, the final bill includes a number of oversight and  transparency measures to ensure the program is administered fairly and  that the use of these emergency funds truly helps workers and all  communities. Specifically, the bill requires public reporting of  transactions in plain language on Treasury's website within 72 hours.  The bill also requires weekly and monthly reports by Treasury to  Congress summarizing new transactions and outstanding obligations. The  Federal Reserve must, similar to reporting requirements for emergency  lending mandated in the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer  Protection Act, also submit weekly and monthly reports to Congress on  any new facility they stand up as well as outstanding loans or  financial assistance provided by the Fed. The Secretary of the Treasury  and the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve  System will be required to testify before the House Financial Services  Committee every single quarter regarding how the Treasury Department  and the Federal Reserve System are implementing the law.   Moreover, the bill creates a Special Inspector General for Pandemic  Recovery to combat waste, fraud and abuse and scrutinize every dollar  spent in the administration of this $500 billion Treasury program.  Therefore, the Secretary must prioritize the establishment of this  Inspector General and have it open its doors as soon as possible. The  Senate should confirm a qualified nominee for Inspector General  quickly. Because the bill does not use an existing Inspector General,  such as the Special Inspector General for TARP in H.R. 6379, there will  be little executive branch oversight of these funds until the IG is up  and running.   Lastly, the bill creates a Congressional Oversight Commission,  authorized to hold hearings, gather evidence, and publish monthly  reports until 2025. The bill also authorizes the Government  Accountability Office to provide an annual oversight report to  Congress. Additionally, the bill creates a Pandemic Response  Accountability Committee within the Council of the Inspectors General  on Integrity and Efficiency to ensure government-wide oversight through  a number of Inspectors General to scrutinize the use of all Federal  funds intended to address the coronavirus pandemic.   Since taxpayers are footing the bill, all Americans deserve to  examine any and all information related to the administration,  disbursement and utilization of these funds. Therefore, I fully expect  Treasury and the Federal Reserve to comply with the bill's transparency  requirements and fully cooperate with these oversight entities, as well  as the oversight conducted by Congress, including the Committee on  Financial Services. Furthermore, I expect the oversight authorities  established by the bill to immediately make Congress aware of any  potential misuse of funds, conflicts of interest, or criminal or civil  violations and refer any such matters, as appropriate, to the  Department of Justice.   I am pleased that this legislation includes important provisions that  Democrats fought for to support individuals, families, workers, small  business and communities, and support the bill's passage. But, the  legislation is far from sufficient to fully support our nation through  this crisis. And so, I will be voting ``yes'' on the bill, and urge my  colleagues to immediately begin working on additional legislation to  help American families to endure and overcome this pandemic.   