 Mr. President, I rise to pay tribute to someone who has  been more than a colleague, who has been more than just a friend. In  fact, he has been a true partner in this Senate, and that has paid huge  dividends for farmers and families and communities across our country.   Senator Pat Roberts has been here in the Senate for a long time. Some  might even call him an institution. In fact, at a recent Ag Committee  event, I joked that, as a young man, he advised George Washington on  farm policy. That might be a bit of an exaggeration, but his legacy can  hardly be overstated. He has left a lasting imprint on farm and food  policy in this country. As has been said, he is the only person to have  written a farm bill as both the chairs of the House and Senate  Agriculture Committees.   Those of us who have had the honor of working alongside Pat on the  Senate Agriculture Committee know there is no other place like it. It  is a place where we leave politics at the door and focus on ways we can  improve people's lives and livelihoods in rural America. We do that  because we know agriculture isn't a red issue or a blue issue.  Agriculture and food policy affect all of us--everyone--and nobody  knows that better than Senator Roberts.   Senator Roberts and I have never given up on farm bills, and we never  gave up on passing the 2018 farm bill even when it got tough. At the  beginning of the negotiations, we made a commitment to work together.  We visited each other's home States. In fact, twice we visited. I  arrived in the Little Apple of Manhattan, KS, wearing K-State purple,  which, again on his behalf, I am wearing today. Then, a few weeks  later, Pat came to Frankenmuth, MI, and wore an MSU green tie.   Around this time, we also made a commitment to each other to write a  bipartisan farm bill. Throughout the entire process, I never doubted  that Pat had my back, even when negotiations got tough, and he knew I  had his back as well. Thanks to this partnership, we achieved the most  bipartisan bill in history. As he said, the first time around, it was  86 votes, and then the final bill was 87 votes. That was the most  ``yes'' votes on a farm bill ever. We were able to do that because we  had a unique partnership built on trust and mutual respect, and the  outcome was a strong, bipartisan bill that provided certainty for  farmers--from wheat farmers in Kansas to cherry growers in Michigan.  Part of that certainty was with special crop insurance, and nobody  deserves more credit for the foundation of that important safety net  than Senator Pat Roberts.   Pat is also a champion for food security and agriculture exports and  agriculture research, which is why he and I worked together to  establish the Foundation for Food and Agriculture Research in the 2014  farm bill. He also understands the importance of protecting food  assistance for children and for families. I was honored to share the  Food Research and Action Center Distinguished Service Award with  Senator Roberts last year for our teamwork   Above all, it has been an honor working with Pat because he is truly  one of a kind. From the moment I met him, it became abundantly clear  that he was not the run-of-the-mill politician. Some say it is his  unflappable nature. Others say it is his unique sense of humor. Yet, to  me, Pat Roberts is defined by his loyalty, his integrity, and his  dedication to the people of Kansas.  [[Page S7387]]    He started his career as a first lieutenant in the Marine Corps. It  is clear he has carried that courage and conviction with him throughout  his entire life. As he said, he was also a newspaper reporter, which  makes sense when you think about his dogged determination and, for  better or worse, his ability to be exceptionally quotable. As a public  servant, he is so beloved in his home State of Kansas that he has never  lost an election--a record 24 and 0. If only his K-State Wildcats could  be so lucky.   (Laughter.)   Senator Pat Roberts, it has been an honor to be your partner and an  even bigger honor to be your friend. So, while your retirement is well- deserved, you will be deeply missed on the Agriculture Committee and in  the Senate. Thank you for all you have done for farmers and families  and for the American people. I wish you only continued happiness and  success as you and Franki and the family move to this next piece of  your life.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to remind all of my  colleagues about the urgent, urgent need to pass coronavirus  legislation. People need help, and they need it right now.   I am glad that bipartisan discussions are continuing. I think it is  very positive, and I know that many of us are involved in those  negotiations. I commend all of my colleagues who are working very hard  to get this done.   It is critical that we come to an agreement that will help families  and that will help businesses and communities get through this rough  time, but time is running out, as we know. Our Nation is facing a  crisis. Our States and local governments are facing a crisis as they  are trying to gear up for an effective and rapid distribution of  vaccines. Our local police officers, firefighters, public health  workers, and other essential workers face layoffs.   The only real possibility that I see of defunding the police is the  unwillingness, so far, by the majority leader to support funding local  law enforcement in the COVID-19 emergency package that we are trying to  get done. We all know that businesses and workers and families are  facing a crisis.   We simply can't wrap up this session, we can't end this session and  go home without responding to the urgent needs of the American people.   It has now been 1 week since the last time I was on the floor  speaking about the need for more help. In the past week, more than 1  million additional people in the United States have become infected,  and an additional 13,000 people in the United States have died because  of COVID-19--13,000 moms and dads, grandpas and grandmas and friends  and neighbors. We have now seen nearly 290,000 of our family members  and friends and neighbors die of this horrible disease. That is like if  the entire population of Grand Rapids and Flint, MI, simply  disappeared.   Meanwhile, millions of families at risk of eviction are 1 week closer  to finding themselves without a home in the winter in the middle of a  health pandemic. Millions of small business owners have spent 1 more  week scrambling to keep their workers on the payroll. Families don't  have enough to eat, and they have spent 1 more week wondering where  their next meal is going to come from for themselves and for their  children.   A week is a long time to wait when you are in danger of being  homeless or losing your job or being hungry or watching your child who  is hungry. We are running out of time. We are running out of time, and  so many American businesses, workers, and families are running out of  time.   On December 26, only 16 days from now--16 days from now, the day  after Christmas--vital unemployment programs will end, cutting off  benefits that millions of workers need to provide for their families.  Somebody who is self-employed, a contract worker, a gig worker, they  will receive zero help after that to feed their families and put a roof  over their head and pay the bills through this pandemic.   Five days after that, on December 31, the Federal Reserves' emergency  lending program ends. That will cut off crucial credit that is keeping  businesses open and helping State and local governments provide  necessary services. Also on December 31, the Centers for Disease  Control and Prevention's eviction moratorium ends, putting more people  on the street. The Federal foreclosure moratorium and some  opportunities for forbearance expire.   It is cold in Michigan right now, and it is going to get colder.  Imagine how frightening it would be to know that your family is losing  their home in the middle of a pandemic in the middle of the winter.   The truth is, our Nation is not facing just a health crisis; we are  facing an economic crisis; we are facing a housing crisis; we are  facing a hunger crisis all at the same time.   These expiring programs have been a lifeline for families, for  communities, and for businesses during the pandemic. That lifeline is  now fraying, and a lack of action here in Washington could cause it to  completely snap.   There is a lot of talk about numbers right now, and numbers are  important, but much more important are the people who need help. They  are not numbers. I am thinking of a Michigan mom of two growing boys  who has been waiting hours in a line of cars, week after week, to bring  home a box of food. I am thinking of a Michigan dad who has been  looking so hard for a new job, but nobody wants to be hiring right now,  and his unemployment help is almost out. I am thinking of the owner of  a Michigan business who had no choice but to lay off half of their  workers right before the holidays. I am thinking of a Michigan retiree  who is behind on her rent. She could move in with her daughter's  family, but their home is already crowded, and she doesn't want to be a  burden, and we are in the middle of a pandemic where we are telling  people to socially distance to be safe.   While we are debating, people are suffering and panicking because  they are not sure what they are going to do. People can't wait another  week, and we cannot either.   This is the United States of America. It is not like we don't have  the capacity to fix this right now. It is all about political will. It  is about, do we get it? Do we care about people? Do we understand what  is happening to people? And  [[Page S7401]]  are we willing to support the bipartisan effort going on right now that  can do something--at least provide a bridge for a few months, through  the winter months, into the new year?   There is an opportunity going on. There is a lot of hard work going  on. There is no excuse not to take this moment and to come together and  provide help in what is a COVID survival package for people in Michigan  and across the country. That is what this is.   We are at a moment where it is up to us to make sure that we get this  done, and if not, we should not end this session until we do.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   