 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2,  the Moving Forward Act.   This sweeping legislation brings together some of the best policy  ideas in transportation, infrastructure, water, energy, housing, and  education. This House can be proud of supporting these priorities which  deliver a positive vision for the future of our great country.   I would like to focus on this bill's incorporation of two important  factors in the decision-making process for infrastructure projects:  equity and environmental justice.   Equity is part of social justice. It means communities have  opportunity to make the decisions about projects built in their  neighborhoods. For far too long, marginalized communities, like those  in my Los Angeles district, have been shut out of decisions that  directly impact their health and safety. This legislation would  prioritize projects that are built with community input.   Environmental justice and the impact of climate change are key  factors that must be considered when determining how to invest in our  infrastructure. Every decision must be aimed at reducing greenhouse  gasses and our carbon footprint for the future of every child in every  community.   H.R. 2, would require the Secretary of Transportation to consider  equity and environmental justice in its grant making decisions,  including those under the Community Climate Investment grant program  and the Active Transportation Connectivity grant program.   H.R. 2 would invest 105 billion dollars in transit programs. It  doubles the money designated for urban areas and specifically directs  transit agencies to serve areas with low income populations. This  directive will help ensure places like Los Angeles and other urban  areas, will build transit systems that serve every community.   I'm very pleased my local transit partners at LA Metro have endorsed  this legislation, stating that ``this much needed federal legislation  is a bold, thoughtful and visionary proposal that will undeniably  bolster the expansive work we are doing here in Los Angeles County to  enhance the mobility of our ten million residents.'' I am glad to have  their endorsement on this legislation.   Equity also means equal access. Our experience during the COVID-19  shutdown demonstrates that businesses and schools can operate remotely,  only when there is a reliable access to the internet. The Moving  Forward Act will invest 100 billion dollars to expand and deliver high- speed broadband internet access to all regions of the country,  especially in communities which are unserved, underserved or  experiencing persistent poverty.   This expansion of access to broadband will help ensure students and  businesses can reach resources, regardless of their zip code. This  includes urban centers like those in my Congressional district.   I am proud to support H.R. 2, The Moving Forward Act, and I urge my  colleagues in the Senate to work with us to pass this important  legislation for the American people and our American economy.   