 Mr. President, you know, as I sit and listen to my  colleague from Virginia, I can't agree more. Now is the time, really,  for us to come together to do what the Senate traditionally does best,  and that is working on the best interests of the people across this  country who are struggling right now.   Compromise is not a bad word. It is time for us to get in a room and  really do the job that the American public expects us to do, and that  is looking out for their best interests at a time when we have a  healthcare pandemic. Now, keep in mind that this is a once-in-a- lifetime pandemic--once in a lifetime. So that requires us to come  together and really focus on how we help Americans across this country  who are struggling right now. They shouldn't be penalized.   We have asked them to stay home and shelter in place because we are  trying to address how we do the research that is necessary for a  vaccine. Hopefully, one day, we will have that vaccine. We need to ramp  up the testing that is needed so everybody can feel safe and  comfortable knowing whether they have this virus or not or the  antibody, but we are not there yet because more work needs to be done,  particularly by this Congress.   The American public has heard us, and they are sheltering in place,  they are staying home, and they have shuttered their businesses. Now,  more than ever, this country needs the Senate to act.   The House has done its job 2 months ago. They worked a comprehensive  package, and I say ``comprehensive'' because we can't just pick and  choose winners and losers here. This isn't what this is about. This is  about making sure we are bringing relief and helping those across this  country. Everybody is impacted. We have promised them: If you do what  we say and we help stem the spread of this virus, we are going to have  your backs, and we are going to take care of you.   I will say that we have failed at that. This administration has  failed. We have failed at that promise. I know when we all go to our  offices or we go home to our States, we are hearing from our  constituents. We get emails, we get calls, and we get letters. I know  you all feel the same as I do, and we read them and we listen to them.  I don't know of one State in this country right now where somebody is  not suffering from this pandemic who needs our help.   I know that is why I am here, because we all took the oath. We said  we are going to be here to work in the best interests of our States and  this country and to make sure that those individuals across this  country who pay our salaries--those taxpayers--expect us to do our jobs  and work. And that is what I am asking for right now.   You know, I have been to the floor of the Senate this week to talk  about the struggles that I see in my State. We all get letters, and I  do want to focus today on one. There are so many, and that is why a  comprehensive package is necessary. Right now, I would love to talk to  you about what I am seeing in my home State when it comes to our  seniors and those who are in need right now with funding to help  nursing homes.   Let me just start with letters because I think this is how it starts  with all of us--calls into our offices and letters coming from our  constituents. There are two calls that I received. One of them was from  a daughter who called in for her father, who is in a VA nursing home in  Boulder City, NV, and because he isn't showing symptoms, he isn't  getting tested. With so many cases there, how is this possible? Where  are the tests? This is a daughter who is concerned for her father,  knowing that if we just get people tested, there is that comfort in  knowing whether or not you have this virus and whether you should be  quarantined or how we protect you, particularly those in nursing homes.   Then, another call I received was from a mother. She is also a  certified nursing assistant at a nursing home, and she is telling me  that many there quit because they don't have the proper PPE. They want  to work, but they don't want to expose themselves. So what are we doing  right now to address all of these needs?   And, listen, there is so much. It is overwhelming. I know it. That is  why we were sent here for the hard decisions, not the easy ones, to  make sure we are all working in the best interests of the people in our  States. I know you all feel the same way.   I have to tell you this. There are thousands of Nevadans that know  the anxiety that comes because there is a spouse, a parent, or a  grandparent in a nursing home, and they are unable to visit with them  or hug their loved ones for fear of giving COVID-19. You have seen it.  You have heard it, and I have heard it. Too many loved ones have lost  their loved ones because of this virus, and they were not able to be  there.   Do you know who was there with them in the nursing home? Those  incredible heroes on the frontlines, who are sacrificing their own  health to be with them, for those who passed away because of COVID-19.  There are so many factors that raise a coronavirus risk for nursing  home residents. The majority of the residents, as we all know, are  seniors. Many have underlying conditions. They live in closed quarters,  and they share common spaces. And we also know this: Residents and  staff of these facilities shouldn't be an afterthought. They are a core  part of our communities and our healthcare system. They are the elders,  and they are the keepers of our stories. We have to do more to protect  them.   We need to protect the workers in these homes, too, many of whom  belong to communities of color and who are struggling to provide care  to a population with unique needs.   The reason why I bring this up is because there is legislation out  there to  [[Page S5396]]  do just what I am talking about and what we need in our communities. It  is not something new. It has already been introduced. My colleague Bob  Casey introduced the Nursing Home COVID-19 Protection and Prevention  Act to get nursing and long-care facilities in Nevada and across this  country more PPE, the testing that they need, and the staffing to help  the staff and those who are in those communities.   These homes need support to slow the spread of the virus and to  respond rapidly when it crops up, using all we have learned from  combating this virus so far. The bill funds teams of nurses and other  critical staff to lend emergency help at nursing homes with outbreaks  and to bring the best practices to bear in helping sick residents.   This bill ensures folks in my home State and across the country are  being taken care of and that families have peace of mind that there is  accountability for providers and protections in place for workers.   I am hearing from family members and loved ones with those in nursing  homes in my State. I am hearing from caregivers and healthcare workers.  I know all of you are as well, and one thing that comes from all these  people is a feeling of being forgotten. No one--no one--in America  should feel forgotten right now. It is time for us to come together.   We need to make sure nursing homes follow guidelines and that, if  they fail to do so, they will be held accountable. We also must arm  them with the tools they need to face a virus that has been relentless  in attacking seniors. We should make sure that the next coronavirus  package that we should be negotiating and working on right now does  everything it can to support the most fragile in our communities  because they are also some of our most precious   I yield the floor.   