 Mr. Speaker, as the Republican leader of the  Appropriations Committee, I oppose H.R. 7617, the second package of  fiscal year 2021 appropriations bills to be considered by the House.   My concerns today will sound very familiar. I had many of the same  objections when I spoke on the House floor last week about the first  package of appropriations bills.   I regret that I again oppose a very important piece of legislation.   This bill supports:   The servicemembers who risk it all for our freedoms;   The law enforcement officers that keep us safe;   The small business owners who want to achieve the American dream;   The researchers seeking groundbreaking cures for diseases;   The ports and waterways that are so critical for commerce; and   Our transit systems that millions of Americans rely on every day.   Unfortunately, like the bill we considered last week, H.R. 7617 has  some fatal flaws that make it unacceptable.   First, many of the policy provisions are similar to the partisan  legislation the majority has pushed through the house the last few  months; and second, the spending levels exceed the amounts the Congress  and the President agreed to just last year.   Instead of policy and funding proposals being developed from the  bottom up within the Appropriations Committee, many of these decisions  appear to have been dictated from the top down.   This is disappointing because the committee has held more than 100  hearings and briefings in the last six months--even in the middle of a  global pandemic.   For example, the bill jeopardizes our safety and security by:   Repealing both the 2001 and 2002 authorizations for the use of  military force, which would limit our ability to conduct  counterterrorism operations worldwide;   Allowing terrorists detained at Guantanamo Bay to be brought to U.S.  soil; and   Preventing the United States from exercising the right to defend  ourselves and our allies, such as Israel.   Our path toward renewed American prominence in space is undermined,  giving China the opportunity to dominate the next frontier.   The bill gives in to the voices calling for de-funding the police by  failing to provide adequate funding for our federal law enforcement  agencies.   In addition, state and local law enforcement agencies are prohibited  from receiving excess equipment from the Department of Defense.   Officers should have what they need to protect and serve our  communities. Provisions in this bill will halt critical funds used for  training and equipment, including active shooter training, body  cameras, and bullet-proof vests.   The bill also:   Blocks the administration's rule protecting health care providers  from performing actions that violate their religious beliefs;   Forces faith-based providers to discuss abortion, even if they have a  personal objection; and   Perhaps worst of all, makes changes to family planning grants which  will require funds to go to Planned Parenthood clinics.   I am also disappointed to see that several long-standing, bipartisan  second amendment protections were eliminated.   The bill also contains billions of dollars in emergency spending on  top of the caps that were agreed to last year.   $186 billion is included in this bill for infrastructure without any  bipartisan discussions or agreement.   Another $24 billion is included to address coronavirus, even though a  three trillion-dollar bill passed the House in May and the Senate is  moving quickly on its response.   We must work together on appropriations bills that avoid  controversial legislative language and meet agreed-upon spending  levels.   This is the only way to get bills through the House and the Senate  and signed into law.   For these reasons, I oppose this package.   