 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  thank him for his leadership in bringing this important opportunity for  us to express our concern about the President's actions. I salute him  and the support on the other side of the aisle for this legislation.   As we know, last week, the Trump administration conducted a  provocative and disproportionate military airstrike targeting high- level Iranian military officials, and he did so without consulting  Congress.   When I first heard from the administration, the Secretary of Defense  and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, I said: Why did you not consult  Congress in this change in approach?   They said: Because we had to keep this close. We had to keep this  close.   You had to keep it close from the Gang of 8, the leadership of the  Congress?   We had to keep it close because we didn't want the word get out.   Well, we deserve the respect from the administration, and the  Congress deserves, by dint of the Constitution, the requirement of the  administration to consult with Congress.   We know full well, better than many in the administration, the  importance of classified information. We know that we are supposed to  support sources and methods. We also know that the consultation that  they would give to us does not enable us to divulge any information.   So who are they keeping it close from? They admitted, this  administration, they were keeping it close from the Congress of the  United States, and they did so.   Now, they did a classified presentation yesterday, which their own  party members, Republican Senators, said it was the most demeaning and  worst classified briefing that they had had. I, myself, think there is  stiff competition for that designation of ``worst presentation'' by  this administration in a classified briefing.   But all that is to say that the Constitution of the United States  calls for there to be cooperation when we decide about initiating  hostilities. Congress has the right to declare war. When do you decide  that it is war? When do you decide it is just hostilities? When does  that end? What line do you cross?   But, with the President's actions last week, he endangered our  servicemen and -women, our diplomats and others by taking a serious  risk of escalation of tensions with Iran.   This does not come with any respect for Iran. We know what bad actors  they are in the world. I, from my intelligence background, know that  Soleimani was somebody whom we do not mourn the loss of. He did very  evil things in the world. But we also know that when we take an action,  we have to understand the ramifications of it.   Others could have taken Soleimani out. Israel could have taken  Soleimani out, but they didn't. They didn't.   So, that has happened. That is where it is. As we go forward, it is  really important for us to address the parameters of the War Powers  Act, and that is what we are doing here today.   The Members of Congress have serious and urgent concerns about the  administration's decision to engage--I use the term ``decision''  loosely--to engage in hostilities against Iran, and it is about a lack  of strategy. What is the strategy to move forward?   Again, they did not consult with Congress. They gave a presentation  that, by their own side of the aisle, has been described as demeaning  and the worst. And then they tell Members to go read the classified  documents.   Classified? Why are these documents classified? Why can't the  American people know?   We understand redactions of sources and methods and the rest, but, if  you read that document, you would know there is no reason for it to be  classified; and without going into any substantive matters of what  happened yesterday in the classified briefing, it is fair to say that  Members were told to go read other documents which are redacted and, in  many cases, classified unnecessarily.   Our concerns were not addressed by the President's insufficient War  Powers authorization, which was classified in its entirety, leaving the  Congress and the public in the dark about our national security, and  our concerns were not addressed by the administration's briefing  yesterday.   Today, to honor our duty to keep the American people safe--that is  our first responsibility, to protect and defend; we must keep the  American people safe--the House will pass a War Powers Resolution to  limit the President's military actions regarding Iran.   Congress is reasserting our long-established oversight  responsibilities as we mandate that, if no further Congressional action  is taken, the administration's military hostilities with regard to Iran  must end.   We salute Congresswoman Slotkin for her leadership in this  resolution. She is a former CIA and Department of Defense analyst  specializing in Shiite militias, who served multiple tours in the  region under both Democratic and Republican Presidents.   It is important to know, because I heard the distinguished whip on  the other side of the aisle ask: How come it is just a concurrent  resolution? It is because, under the War Powers Act, that is one of the  options that is provided. You can do a joint resolution, House  resolution, or you can do a concurrent resolution.    The value and the beauty and the exquisite nature of a concurrent  resolution is that it does not have to be signed by the President of  the United States. The Congress of the United States, in its full power  and full voice, can speak in a united way about what the War Powers Act  should look like, and that should count for something to our colleagues  who serve in the Congress of the United States. So, under the authority  of the War Powers Act that gives us this option, we take this  opportunity to do so.   I implore the administration to work with Congress to advance  immediate, effective, deescalatory strategy that prevents further  violence.   I also salute this resolution because it does give opportunity for  the administration to act under certain circumstances which are part of  the War Powers Act.   Madam Speaker, in December, a group of us, in a bipartisan way,  traveled to Belgium and Luxembourg to observe the 75th anniversary of  the Battle of the Bulge and who served in that battle. One of our  Members, Annie Kuster, her father served in that, and she has letters  from him at that time.   Other Members, on both sides of the aisle--Mr. Seth Moulton, his  grandfather served in the Battle of the Bulge--also on the Republican  side of the aisle, the House and in the Senate.   And why I bring it up is this. That Battle of the Bulge was a  decisive battle in World War II. It was a surprise attack, really, by  the Germans. It was a bloody battle. We lost 19,000 Americans--19,000  Americans--in that Battle of the Bulge.   On the days that we were there, when I was listening to the  description of it from the veterans who served, it sounded almost like  Washington crossing the Delaware, because it was December, as it was in  the United States in the beginning of our fight for independence.  Supplies were insufficient. The camouflage for snow was not adequate.  Our veterans, our then men in uniform were exposed--nurses, too. And it  was a triumph that was very decisive in World War II.   And why I bring it up is because, when there was the observance of  it--it was parts of 3 days we were there for it. But at the close of  it, there was a ceremony that included a speech by the King of Belgium,  the Grand Duke of Luxembourg--two of the places where this all took  place--and the President of Germany, who spoke beautifully about  Germany now, saying: When you freed Luxembourg and Belgium, you also  freed the Germans.   What a beautiful statement.   But the close of it was from a veteran who served in the Battle of  the Bulge, in his nineties. He was a teenager in the war. We saw the  foxholes in which they fought, they lost their comrades in arms. He  talked about the brotherhood, and he talked about allies, and he talked  about the fight. At the end of the speech, the veteran said: I don't  [[Page H105]]  know if I should say this, but I will. My message to all of you is pray  for peace.   Pray for peace.   That is what we should be doing is moving toward peace, not  escalation of hostilities where that can be avoided. Not because we  believe that the other side has good motivations or that Soleimani was  not a bad person.   It is not because of what they are; it is because of who we are as  Americans: a country that is committed to peace and security and  prepared to protect and defend, as President Kennedy said, fight any  fight, fight any foe, pay any price to keep the American people safe,  but to not be frivolous and cavalier about how we decide to show  strength when it really is more of an escalation than a deescalation.   So it is sad because you would think that, any time we would engage  in such an important change in approach, we would be working together,  consulting together, respecting the approach that each side takes to  all of this and, hopefully, just be on one side of it all.   So I think this is very important. It doesn't do everything, and it  is said: Well, it doesn't do this; it doesn't do that.   We should never be judging legislation, necessarily, for what it  doesn't do, but respecting it for what it does do, and what this does  is very important for the security of our country.   Madam Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote.   