 I thank my colleague from Ohio and others here from  Florida and Iowa for coming together to talk about this important  American issue and national security issue.   I served 26 years in the military. In my last years in service and  since then, we have seen the threat of the rise of China. It is a  threat to America's security, our jobs, and our role as a leader in the  world. They are on a deliberate path to try to dominate the world and  shape it into their vision. They need to be stopped.   When I was a cadet at the Air Force Academy, we had an honor code  that said: ``I will not lie, cheat, or steal, or tolerate among us  anyone who does.'' China has been lying, cheating, and stealing for far  too long. Americans are now waking up to this threat and are resolved  to change the trajectory and hold China accountable, but this can't be  done by us alone. Our European partners and others in the Pacific and  elsewhere need to join with us and also wake up to China's dangerous  path and work with us to stop them.   We have been calling this geostrategic shift a return to ``Great  Power Competition,'' as if to assume that we are all playing by the  same rules. We aren't. China is playing by their own rules and cheating  the system for their own gain and power. The Chinese Communist Party is  a reckless, predatory adversary that is dedicated to subverting U.S.  interests and supplanting our Nation as the world's dominant leader.   Over the past 10 years, China has increased their military spending  by 85 percent. Their investment in defense has been used to build their  navy, expand their missile stockpile, and emerge as a leader in  technologies like hypersonics, cyber warfare, and artificial  intelligence.  [[Page S4378]]    This buildup has been far from defensive alone. From their illegal  maritime claims among several sovereign states, then building  artificial islands where they didn't exist before to militarize them in  the South China Sea with their maneuvers and exercises that are  aggressive and belligerent, to their covert attempts to infiltrate the  United States through our universities and stealing our technology,  Chinese forces are expanding their tentacles far beyond our borders, to  the detriment of American national security interests.   Congress must do our part to respond to this threat. For these  reasons, I introduced several pieces of legislation that immediately  stopped China from taking advantage of government funds and taxpayer  dollars to purchase products and services from Chinese companies with  ties to Chinese military.   To end our reliance on China's control and manufacturing of PPE, I  introduced legislation to authorize the President to incentivize  American companies to produce medical devices, equipment, and drugs.   We saw at the onset of the coronavirus that it was clear that  outsourcing the production of PPE to an adversary was wrong and risky.  I witnessed firsthand the ingenuity of Arizona companies that stepped  up to help fill the gap. That is no excuse for ignoring the fact that  we have to bring manufacturing home of vital medical equipment and PPE  so that, once again, it is made in America.   Finally, the coronavirus outbreak has taken a catastrophic toll on  our country and the world. Make no mistake. The virus began in China  and spread globally because the Chinese Government lied about what they  knew about it, and they destroyed evidence and silenced doctors and  whistleblowers.   Like the rest of the Nation, Arizona has suffered devastating  consequences due to this pandemic. Already, we have lost over 2,900  Arizonans, plus the economic toll.   Communist China unleashed this virus on the world, and it should face  severe repercussions for their coverups and lies about the origins and  spread. China's actions cost lives and devastated the world economy,  and it must be held accountable.   I moved to do just that this week by introducing the Civil Justice  for Victims of COVID Act. Americans who have been victimized by the  lies and deceit of the Communist Party--to include those who lost loved  ones, suffered business losses, or personally harmed--deserve the  opportunity to hold China accountable and demand just compensation.   I appreciate many of my colleagues joining with me on this  legislation. It is due time that we hold China accountable for their  malevolent behavior--not just over the past several months but over  several decades.   The United States must take immediate action and, with strength,  demonstrate that the greatest country in the world will not be taken  for a fool. Our Republic and our freedoms that it stands for will allow  our country to prevail over China's Communist and rogue agenda. With  American will, American innovation, and the American spirit, we will  prevail.   I appreciate my colleague from Florida joining as well.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I want to thank Chairman Grassley for his  tireless leadership on lowering the cost of prescription drugs for  Americans. I am proud to join with him on the floor today and join him  in his legislation that we must pass to help Americans and to help  Arizonans.   Everywhere I go--and when I am hearing from Arizonans--I am  constantly hearing about the rising costs of prescription drugs. It is  among one of their top and most pressing concerns. From seniors who  can't afford their medications to parents struggling to care for a  child who suffers from chronic conditions, out-of-pocket drug costs are  too high. Far too many seniors and hard-working individuals in our  State either can't afford both their groceries and their medications or  they have been forced to ration their prescriptions because of  skyrocketing drug costs.   In 2017, AARP Arizona reported that a whopping 26 percent of our  residents stopped taking their medications as prescribed due to cost.   Last fall, I heard from a constituent in her midsixties from Green  Valley, AZ, who was diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis and taking  several medications to treat her condition. When she transitioned to  Medicare Part D from her employer's health plan, her out-of-pocket  costs for one of the drugs she was taking--Enbrel--went from $10 per  month to nearly $6,000 per month. This is a 600-percent increase in her  monthly out-of-pocket costs just for this drug alone. I don't know  anybody who can afford $6,000 a month for one drug as a senior--as  anyone. This is insane. She had to switch to another medication twice,  but because they were infusions, she now has to travel 84 miles round  trip to get treated. The significant jump in drug costs have affected  both her pocketbook even her quality of life.   This is unacceptable, and I have worked with my Senate colleagues on  both sides of the aisle, with Chairman Grassley's leadership, over the  past year and a half since I have been in the Senate to bring down the  costs of drugs and help Americans save more of their money.   Senator Grassley's bill, of which I am proud to be an original  cosponsor, does just that by holding Big Pharma companies accountable  for exploiting loopholes and keeping pricing high for seniors,  families, and taxpayers. Our bill pulls back the curtain on drug  pricing and negotiations. It ends the sticker shock at the pharmacy  counter, and it caps out-of-pocket costs for seniors so that Arizonans  can afford the medicines they need.   According to the Congressional Budget Office, our Prescription Drug  Pricing Reduction Act would save taxpayers close to $95 billion, reduce  out-of-pocket spending by $72 billion, and reduce premiums by $1  billion.   This bill is even more important now that we are navigating a global  pandemic and its subsequent economic challenges that are squeezing  family and fixed-income senior budgets even more than in normal times.  With over 17 million Americans unemployed--including many Arizonans-- along with the ever-looming threat of the coronavirus, affording  prescription medicine should be the least of their concerns. Our bill  would give Americans and Arizonans one less thing to worry about during  these extraordinarily difficult and unprecedented times.   Unfortunately, despite this bill receiving strong bipartisan support  until just a few months ago, Democrats recently chose to walk away at  the direction of their party's leadership, and they refused to join in  on the reintroduction of this legislation that they coauthored. This  happens only in DC.   Just to be clear: They were for it before they were against it. This  is maddening. This is why people all over my State are so frustrated  with the dysfunction in this place, where people are willing to put  looking for power and electoral politics ahead of what people need  right now. Right now they need relief. They need relief to lower their  out-of-pocket costs for all of the issues that they are facing as  seniors, as families--any of the diagnoses, any of the conditions.  These lifesaving and quality-of-life-improving medicines--we have to  lower the costs, and now is the time to do it. Arizona patients and  taxpayers and families and seniors need Washington to act now.   I want to urge our Democratic colleagues to put politics aside. I  know it is hard to do in an election year, but put it aside. Service  before self--that is one of the core values I learned in the Air Force.  I bring it here with me today.   Serving others first--that is why you are here. Put those politics  aside. Let's act to lower the out-of-pocket costs of prescription drugs  in our upcoming coronavirus relief bill.   This is a pivotal moment for action. We have to come together as a  Congress to ensure hard-working Americans, their families, and seniors  can access the treatments they need at an affordable cost.   Let's pass this bill now.   I yield the floor.   