 Madam President, I come to the floor today because it  is time to end systemic racism with systemic change. So I am calling on  my colleagues to work with us to immediately bring the Justice in  Policing Act to the floor.   I thank Senator Booker, who is here with us today, and Senator Harris  for their work on this bill, as well as the House Members who are  leading in the other Chamber. We must pass this bill, and we should do  it immediately with bipartisan support.   George Floyd should be alive today, but he isn't. He was murdered in  my State. He was murdered in my city. He was murdered on videotape so  the whole world could see it. The whole world saw as his life  evaporated before our eyes.   Our Nation has been left in pain, grieving, marching, and demanding  justice. His murder has galvanized a nationwide movement for justice,  both for George Floyd and for the Black community and communities of  color across America that have experienced injustice for far too long-- not just injustice at the hands of the police, but also economic  injustice, educational injustice. And, if anything, these last few  months of this pandemic have shed a big magnifying glass and put it on  top of what has been happening for way too long.   As we grieve this loss, we have work to do in our own States, and  that is justice in this particular case, including accountability for  the officers involved. Minnesota Attorney General Keith Ellison, whom I  have known for many, many years--I am very sure that he will have full  faith and has forever in his conviction for justice, and he is pursuing  this case against the officers.   But as lawmakers, we must also make systemic change. We cannot answer  our Nation's calls for justice with silence. That would make us  complicit. We cannot answer with what the President called domination.  That would make us monsters. We must answer with action. That is what  makes us lawmakers.   Since I have come to the Senate 13 years ago, I have watched as  change has come inch by inch. I see Senator Durbin with us today, who  led the effort on changing the disparity on crack cocaine. I was a new  member of the Judiciary Committee when he led that work. I see Senator  Booker here. Both of them, as well as a number of us, worked on the  FIRST STEP Act. That was really important to reduce sentencing for  nonviolent offenders. But, again, it is inch by inch. We must move by  miles.   There is systemic racism at every level of our justice system, and it  has  [[Page S2992]]  taken far too long to right these wrongs. And it is on us in Congress,  especially on those of us who have worked in this system--mayors,  prosecutors, attorneys general. Those of us who have seen what is  happening have a special obligation to make this change.   We took an oath as Senators. We didn't wave a Bible in the air for a  photo op. We placed our hand on that Bible and swore to support and  defend the Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic. That  enemy we face right now is racism; it is injustice.   This is not a time for half measures and equivocation. It is a time  for real change and swift action, including holding police officers  accountable for misconduct and violence, changing police practices, and  making our justice system more transparent.   There are a lot of good police officers out there--a lot of good  police officers--but they are brought down, just as our entire  community is, when you have someone like Derek Chauvin commit the  murder that he did. When they watch the videotape, they feel like we  feel. And that is why this bill is so important--the Justice in  Policing Act.   This comprehensive legislation changes Federal law so that officers  can be held accountable for misconduct and increases that transparency  and improves police training.   First, on accountability, the Justice in Policing Act will hold  officers accountable for misconduct and violence by changing the  Federal use-of-force standard from reasonable to necessary so that  force is only used when necessary to prevent death or serious injury,  and it requires States to adopt similar stands if they want to receive  certain Federal funding.   Changing the standard is not just some little legalese word that  makes a change. It will save lives.   When these changes have been adopted at the local level, there has  been a significant drop in the use of force. These words can be the  difference between whether a prosecutor can prove a case against a  police officer or not.   People ask what has happened around the country with some of these  cases--some of these blatant things that people recently have seen on  videotape.   In my State, Philando Castile, who was in a neighboring jurisdiction  to Minneapolis--look at what these standards are. Lawmakers have  control over these standards. Even when a case like that was prosecuted  with excellent prosecutors, who did their all, they were not able to  get a guilty verdict. Look at the standards.   In addition to improving the way that individual officers are held  accountable for misconduct, the bill holds police departments  accountable, because we know that there are systematic changes that are  needed at police departments.   I have called on the Department of Justice, along with 26 of my  colleagues, to conduct a full-scale investigation into the patterns and  practices of the Minneapolis Police Department. We have waited weeks  for a response.   Under the Obama administration, 25 of these pattern and practice  investigations were brought. Under the Trump Justice Department, just  one unit of one department in Springfield, MA, was examined.   Now, just as I headed to the floor here, we got a letter from the  Justice Department, but they did not commit to this investigation. They  said they were going to continue to look at the evidence   Meanwhile, the Governor of Minnesota and the State human rights  department has had to fill in. They are conducting their own  investigation, and I have faith that they will do the right thing. But,  again, this should be coming from the Justice Department.   We know that Minnesota is not the only State whose recent events have  shown us misconduct from the police and that have experienced a pattern  and practice that need to be examined. But, again, we wait that  investigation from the Department of Justice.   After what we saw on the video, is it not warranted in this case to  have such an investigation? I would ask the Justice Department under  Donald Trump and under William Barr: What facts would warrant an  investigation if not these?   In addition to improving the tools to hold police accountable, we  also need to ensure that there is transparency so we can once again  build trust with our communities. What does this mean? Well, it means  that we have officers that actually get in trouble in one department  and then they go to another department and no one even knows what  happens. It means that the public does not have access to information  about serious issues of misconduct that are held tightly within city  departments and city archives in some place, when in fact it is a  matter of life and death for the people of this country.   And, of course, we need wholesale changes to the way policing  happens. I worked with Senators Smith and Gillibrand to include  provisions in the bill to require States to ban the use of choke holds  in policing to receive certain Federal funding and to ban them overall.   This would be an important change that actually would help with  prosecutions across the country, if this practice was actually banned.   George Floyd's murder, at the hands of police officers, was horrific  and inhumane and, sadly, as we know, not the first or last time a Black  man was taken too soon by those in uniform. We must stop this cycle of  violence to get something done.   We have an opportunity to make real change here, and if Leader  McConnell refuses to bring this bill to the floor, he and his  colleagues who support him are on the wrong side of history.   In the words of George Floyd's family, whom I had the honor to speak  with, ``We will demand and ultimately force lasting change by shining a  light on this and by winning justice.''   I will conclude with this. A few years ago, like so many of my  colleagues, I went to Selma, AL, with Representative   John Lewis. I  stood there on the bridge where he had his head beaten in. I was in awe  of his persistence, his resilience, and his faith that this country  could always do better.   That weekend, after 48 years, the White police chief of Montgomery  handed his police badge to Congressman Lewis, and he publicly  apologized on behalf of police for not protecting Congressman Lewis and  the Freedom Marchers 48 years before.   I don't want it to take another 48 years for my city to heal. I don't  want it to take another 48 years for my State to heal or for this  country to heal or for our Nation to fix a justice system that has been  broken since it was built. I want justice now. The voices you hear from  across the country--they want justice now.   It is time we delivered, and not just in platitudes. It is time we  acted, and not just talk about acting. This is our moment. This is  history. So let's make history.   I yield the floor.   