 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 8294, the  National Apprenticeship Act.   In my home state of Oregon and around the country, Registered  Apprenticeships, pre-apprenticeships, and youth apprenticeships are  helping workers, particularly those with barriers to employment, access  meaningful employment. This is even more important at a time when  hundreds of thousands of people are out of a job because of the  economic consequences of the coronavirus pandemic. Additionally,  significant sectors of our economy are on the brink of transformation  as the future of work evolves.   Recently I held a virtual roundtable discussion with apprentices,  pre-apprentices, and union leaders from across Northwest Oregon. I  heard from apprentices like Melissa who said that joining the  Boilermakers Local 242 apprenticeship was a ``life-changing decision.''  And Lacy who said, ``I don't know where I would be or what I would be  doing'' without her apprenticeship with Laborers Local 737, because it  ``made it possible to pay my bills and feed my kid.'' By supporting the  National Apprenticeship Act, we can strengthen investments in  Registered Apprenticeships and help workers like Melissa and Lacy gain  the skills and support services they need to be able to provide for  themselves and their families.   Last month, I visited with apprentices at IBEW Local 48 in Portland,  Oregon. Through a partnership with the National Electrical Contractors  Association, IBEW's electrical apprenticeship program demonstrates how  our transition to a clean energy economy provides an extraordinary  opportunity to create good-paying jobs. Earlier this year, I joined my  colleagues on the Select Committee on the Climate Crisis in releasing a  bold, comprehensive, science-based Climate Action Plan, which  emphasizes the need to reauthorize the National Apprenticeship Act as  part of supporting the increasing demand for skilled workers in the  clean energy sector. Efforts at the NECA/IBEW Local 48 Electrical  Apprenticeship Training Program provide an excellent example of the  need to protect and strengthen our Registered Apprenticeship system.   Industry partnerships can be one helpful tool in scaling up  Registered Apprenticeships. For example, the Oregon Manufacturing  Innovation Center, or OMIC, is bringing together industry leaders with  educational institutions such as Oregon Institute of Technology, Oregon  State University, Portland State University, and Portland Community  College to develop a Registered Apprenticeship program in advanced  manufacturing. My bipartisan Promoting Apprenticeships through Regional  Training Networks for Employers' Required Skills Act is modeled on the  efforts at OMIC to help small and medium sized businesses develop  Registered Apprenticeships. The bill supports industry partnerships  that bring together employers, education, training, labor, and  community-based organizations to create paid, on-the-job training  programs that meet the needs of employers and provide workers with  important support services, like access to tools, work attire,  transportation, child care, and mentorship support. I am grateful that  Chair Davis incorporated many of our PARTNERS Act provisions in the  National Apprenticeship Act.   Registered Apprenticeships provide meaningful upskilling and  reskilling opportunities and supportive services for displaced and  dislocated workers. I am pleased to be co-leading this important bill  with Chair Davis to create nearly one million new Registered  Apprenticeship, youth apprenticeship, and preapprenticeship positions  over the next five years. I thank Chairman Scott and Chair Davis for  their leadership, and I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill.   