 Mr. Speaker, I strongly support the bipartisan Great  American Outdoors Act, which, among other things, would address the  National Park Service's (NPS) deferred maintenance backlog, a problem  that disproportionately affects the National Capital Region and,  especially, the District of Columbia. Twenty percent of the District  consists of parkland, almost 90 percent of which is under the  jurisdiction of NPS.   National parks are some of America's greatest treasures, yet NPS, the  agency that maintains our federal parks, has a $12 billion maintenance  backlog. One-sixth of all projects in the backlog are in the National  Capital Region, with $1.3 billion in D.C. itself. The National Mall and  Memorial Parks have the highest number of deferred maintenance projects  in the nation, with more than $840 million in needed repairs still  outstanding, according to Pew Charitable Trusts. The most significant  deferred maintenance projects involve refurbishing memorials and making  necessary repairs for supporting infrastructure. Although these parks  are located in D.C., they are of national significance. The National  Mall and Memorial Parks accommodate more than 36 million visits each  year and roughly 30,000 people use their 15 softball fields, eight  volleyball courts, two rugby fields and the Washington Monument grounds  for sporting events nearly year-round. This heavy use has caused a $13  million repair backlog for the Mall grounds.   In addition to the National Mall and Memorial Parks, NPS owns most of  D.C.'s neighborhood parks, including 156 small green spaces and many  circles, squares and fountains throughout D.C. Also included in the  backlog are historic sites such as Ford's Theatre, the FDR Memorial,  East and West Potomac Parks, the Carter Barron Amphitheatre and the  Belmont-Paul Women's Equality National Monument. I support passage of  the Great American Outdoors Act so that NPS can properly maintain all  of our incredible national parks.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from California,  Karen Bass, for leading this Special Order to our good colleague and  friend, John Lewis.   John and I were elected to the House of Representatives about the  same time. Actually, he was elected a couple years before I was. But we  were colleagues before either of us could have hoped to become Members  of Congress. We were kids together in the Student Nonviolent  Coordinating Committee, the youth arm of the Southern Civil Rights  Movement.   The difference between John and me is I was in law school so I went  in the summer, and John was a full-time member, who left school in  order to join SNCC. SNCC came out of lunch counter sit-ins. Ella Baker  called us all together because it was clear that the Civil Rights  Movement was developing a youth arm. And Ella Baker, the great elder of  the Civil Rights Movement, decided all of us really should become an  organization.   John was not the first head of SNCC. Marion Barry was, because he was  a lot more political than John, and he is remembered more today for his  politics than for his civil rights acumen. When John was elected chair  of SNCC, there was nothing political about it. His qualification was  not that he was the strongest. His qualification was that he was the  bravest.   It is almost impossible to describe the risks John took in the more  than 40 times he was arrested, because today, we are so used to civil  disobedience. People right now are lying down on Pennsylvania Avenue  after the George Floyd killing. I really want to call to your attention  what it meant when John led young people to be arrested.   Everybody has seen the film of his being knocked down as he marched  in the front of the line; he had a concussion as a result of that. He  never knew, as he led these marches, whether he would come out alive.   Let me tell you about these marches when SNCC would kneel down and  assume other nonviolent postures. On the other side, were not counter- demonstrators. On the other side were not other people who were  confronting us nonviolently. On the other side were the police leading  white mobs. They were befuddled by the tactics of SNCC and the Civil  Rights Movement. Because when you kneel down and are nonviolent, they  didn't quite know what to do with you or about you.   John, of course, will always be remembered as a Member of the House  of Representatives, but as I close, I must say, it will be difficult,  even for John to have done more in the House than he did in the Civil  Rights Movement, to do more in Congress than he did for his country.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   