 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from  North Carolina. I agree with my colleague from North Carolina, let us  not confuse what we are talking about here today.   I very much appreciate the postal employees who deliver the mail to  my house. When I go into a post office and need to mail things, they  are wonderful people and give great service. That is not the issue  here. The issue is: Are we going to fund, properly, the retirement and  healthcare services?   I am not necessarily opposed to addressing the United States Postal  Service's requirement to prefund its retiree health benefits. Doing so,  though, in this manner would be disastrous for the American taxpayer.  This bill's elimination of the prefunding requirement without  instituting any reforms to tackle its fiscal status, as my colleague  has said, would simply mean that Congress continues to play the game of  kicking the can down the road.   The fact is that there is already a long history of public retirement  accounts that have either dramatically cut retiree benefits or had to  rely on a taxpayer bailout as a result of not fully prefunding their  plans.   This is a snowball going down the hill that is going to pick up  steam.   The only way to pay off the unfunded liabilities created by the U.S.  post office retiree health benefits--without enacting cost-saving  reform to the U.S. Postal Service, which this bill does not--would be a  taxpayer bailout.   That is why President Trump's Task Force on the United States Postal  System issued formal opposition to removing the prefunding requirement.  To quote the task force: ``The task force does not believe that this  general policy should change or that the liability for USPS retiree  health benefits should be shifted to the taxpayers.''   Mr. Speaker, I agree, to be clear, this bill moves taxpayers one step  closer to a bailout of the USPS, and we should oppose this change on  the taxpayers' behalf.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas  and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   