 Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, for over 200 years, Presidents have had the authority to  send the military into American communities at times of unrest.   The Insurrection Act is a power many Americans are unaware of  primarily because it has historically rarely been invoked. It has, at  times, been used by Presidents at the request of State Governors, but  during our Nation's tumultuous civil rights era, it was an authority  used by Presidents Eisenhower, Kennedy, and Johnson against the wishes  of Southern Governors.   Their use of the military in American communities helped protect the  civil rights of African Americans at a time of deep national unrest. In  fact, the Insurrection Act was used to protect Selma to Montgomery  marchers in 1965, protection needed by the marchers after Bloody  Sunday, where our beloved late colleague,   John Lewis, was beaten and  bloodied. This is an important Presidential power intended to restore  peace and protect Americans.   My amendment does not seek to undermine or eliminate this authority.  Instead, it is intended to bring about transparency and close a  loophole.   America is founded in a Constitution that enshrines a system of  separate but coequal branches of government. As such, Congress has a  duty to evaluate for any Presidential power where consultation may be  necessary and to provide oversight.   Today, if the President of the United States chooses to use military  force abroad, the President would have to consult with Congress. Yet  that same consultation is not required for use of military force on  American soil. My amendment closes that loophole providing for  consultation and oversight similar to what is currently required when  the military is called on to engage overseas.   The NDAA is our annual opportunity and responsibility to evaluate and  authorize defense activities. With this amendment to a centuries-old  law, Congress and future Presidents can ensure that Insurrection Act  authority, when used, is consistent with our history of preserving  peace and civil rights in America.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Will the gentleman yield?    Mr. Speaker, this is not about when or whether a  President utilizes the Insurrection Act. This is simply about  consulting with Congress in the same way that we expect a President to  consult with Congress.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the  gentlewoman from New Jersey (Ms. Sherrill).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Minnesota (Ms. Omar).    Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining.    Mr. Speaker, I just want to frame this very simply. We  are asking for the same transparency and  [[Page H3331]]  consultation when a President decides to use troops on American soil as  when he decides to send troops abroad.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   