 Mr. President, while I come to the floor this  afternoon, I am kind of questioning whether the heat of Washington, DC,  has gotten to people. Clearly, it has been a record July here, with 90- plus degree temperatures every day. But the notion that we should  somehow cancel the election in the fall, I think, is either the heat of  the moment or just clear wrongheadedness.   I have been waiting for some time to come to floor to talk about our  voting system and why it is so important to protect it and why now we  should recognize that Americans, in having to deal with the  coronavirus, have had the ability to vote and the ability to get there  and the ability to be protected while they are voting. It has occurred  in several elections that we need to be doing more.   That is why I continue to support the efforts of our colleagues to  make sure that we are doing everything we can to protect elections.   I know that Leader McConnell has proposed the HEALS Act, but it  doesn't contain any money for helping safe and secure elections in  November. I know that the House bill, the Heroes Act, does help put  money in place to keep polling workers safe during the pandemic. I know  that we have other legislation, whether it is Senator Wyden's bill,  which I am on, the Vote By Mail  [[Page S4624]]  Act, which would help eligible U.S. voters vote by mail, or whether it  is other legislation, like that of my colleague Senator Klobuchar, to  help back up paper ballots and create election security grants to help  States improve their cybersecurity.   I have talked many times at many hearings about our challenges with  cybersecurity, and I know that all this legislation--my colleagues have  been out here on the floor, and they have tried to bring them up, but  to no avail.   Well, I think instead of suggesting that the election be canceled,  the President should be advocating that Congress pass aid and  assistance to States to make sure that, during the COVID pandemic,  things are in place so that poll workers can get to their jobs on time,  that they can work effectively in doing that and protect their health  and security and protect the health and security of the public. What I  don't think he should do is to diminish the very important role that  mail-in ballot voting has had in the United States of America.   I say that coming from a State where we have mail-in ballots. The  mail-in ballot system has grown over time to be the primary way in  which we vote in the State of Washington. I say it is the primary way  because I am sure there are ways that people can show up and vote at  particular election offices, and there are probably other things. But,  no, we don't have an election site. For those who love going to the  polling places as a way to exercise their democracy and their rights, I  appreciate that too. There is nothing better than participating in the  democracy of an election by going there and casting a vote. But you  also can increase the participation of the American public to vote by  mail if you give them that opportunity.   So it just happened to occur that on my way in today, I was actually  trying to cast my own ballot; that is, I have my mail-in ballot for the  August 4 election that is going to happen next week, and I want to make  sure I fulfill my constitutional duty to vote in the next election. So  I think it is a great opportunity to come to the Senate floor and put  stock really to the myth that I think the President is continuing to  create that you cannot vote by mail.   Here is my mail-in ballot. Here is the ballot that is sent to my home  address in Edmonds, WA. It basically has the date of the election on it  and requires me to fill it out and return it. What is great about this  ballot is this. First of all, I love mail-in voting.   Even if I liked going to the polling place, what you now get  enclosed, in addition to your ballot, is a voters' guide, which is sent  by the secretary of State. It is pretty thick because candidates also  give a statement about why they are running. Literally, the citizens of  Washington, weeks in advance before getting this ballot, can sit and  leaf through the various positions of candidates, and they also include  websites. If you want to go to the candidate's website and look up more  information about a candidate or see where they stand on an issue, it  is a guide that helps you understand what your ballot is and who is on  it.   Who doesn't think that is a great way to inform the American people  about voting? We have one of the highest voting rates in the Nation. As  I say that, I know that there are States that are not mail-in ballot  States that also have high numbers in Presidential election years, but  the great thing about our vote-by-mail system is we have a pretty good  participation by our public in off-year elections. The school board  election or local county election or even a regional election gets the  attention that I believe is important for democracy and for voter  participation.   I actually happened to start filling out my ballot this morning. I am  not going to show everybody whom I voted for, but I will just show you  what the front of the ballot looks like.   I did vote already in the Governor's race. No doubt I voted for a  Democrat. I am a Democrat.   At the top of this ballot, once I am done, I get to tear off this  device right here. It says: I voted. So there I go. I got a little  boost to my democracy gene. I am so glad I participated.   Here is the actual number of this ballot and an ID, and I tear that  off. I tear that off and keep it. I keep this, and this is proof that I  mailed this ballot. That is the great part of our system.   Just for those who are really curious about this, I now have a  privacy envelope. Now that I am done filling out my ballot, I stick it  in this privacy envelope. Why do I do that? If somebody thinks that my  privacy is violated because on the outside of this envelope I sign this  signature, they separate these two things. This privacy envelope  separates this and throws the ballots that are legitimate to be  counted, and now no one knows exactly how I voted.   I take this privacy envelope, and I stick it in the official document  envelope that I am going to mail back. So I stick it in there, and  guess what I have to do? I have to sign and date it. That signature is  the validation of this system. It is the validation by my signature,  the same as when I went into a voting booth, as we used to do, and  signed my name. It is a validation against someone who is trying to  create mischief with this system. It is what makes the vote-by-mail  system work effectively in our State. I say that because our State has  had many close elections, and yet no one has ever contested the outcome  of the final election because we go through this system.   Yes, we have had some very interesting incidents. We had a very close  Governor's race once, where as they were recounting the ballots and  counting through the official system, a gentleman owned up that he had  voted for his wife who had died. He was so worried that he was going to  get caught in this system that he owned up in advance and said: I am  sorry. I might be one of the seven final votes in this decision, and I  want to tell people I made a mistake. I know that she was so  enthusiastic, but she passed away, and it was just a few days ago. So I  went ahead and voted for her.   So, no, that is not allowed under this system. This system works  because we know who people are, and we have a validation of this  system. This system allows us to participate and understand the  election process.   So I don't know why the President will not let America vote, only if  they vote in a way that he thinks is--well, I am not sure, because now  he is saying we should delay the election. He is saying it should be  delayed. I am saying what the President should be doing to help the  constitutional rights of American citizens is protecting their right to  vote by helping to secure our election sites with enough workers,  people working at the polls if they choose to go and do that, and also  protecting our mail-in ballot system by allowing those States that want  to pursue a mail-in ballot to make sure that those ballots work and are  delivered on time so that they can be counted.    I don't expect every State in the Union to adopt the same philosophy  as the State of Washington, but clearly our State allows enough time  for those ballots to get there. They allow so many days after the  election. Why? Because we have a lot of military. We have 10 military  bases, and we have a lot of people from Washington who are stationed  overseas, and their ballots should not be made invalid just because  they mailed them before the election but somehow, because of the travel  time, they didn't get there in a timely fashion. So our State considers  7 days, the postmark after 7 days if it is delivered.   I know that for some people this is all new. They don't want to move  to this. I guarantee you, in 25 years we will all be voting by mail.  This system will be in place, and we will be asking ourselves: Why did  we drag our feet?   I am at least heartened to hear that my Republican colleagues in the  Senate have squashed the President's idea of canceling the election.  Now what I want to hear is, Are they going to help us get the dollars  and the systems in place to allow America to vote, to allow them to  vote with confidence, not to constantly hear an undermining of that  process but a support of that process, and not to undermine vote-by- mail, because it has worked in Washington? It has worked.   I was elected in the year 2000 and only won by 2,229 votes--not a  lot--cast out of the huge number of voters in our State. Yet people had  confidence in that system. It is not as if the numbers didn't change in  a recount here or there or somebody found a mistake here or there. It  was that we had a system where you can find a mistake.  [[Page S4625]]    So stop trying to cancel the election based on the success of what  has empowered more Americans to vote and be involved and be educated in  our democracy. Let America vote, and let's get on with putting the  securities in place that will help America get to the polling places in  a secure fashion and get their ballots to the election officials in a  timely manner.   I yield the floor.   