 Madam President, for more than 200 years after our  Constitution was adopted, only one President faced an impeachment trial  before the Senate. That was Andrew Johnson in 1868. But now we are  concluding our second impeachment trial in just 21 years.   While each case must stand on its own facts, this trend reflects the  increasingly acrimonious partisanship facing our Nation. The Founders  warned against excessive partisanship, fearing that it would lead to  ``instability, injustice, and confusion,'' ultimately posing a mortal  threat to our free government.   To protect against this, the Founders constructed an elaborate system  of checks and balances to prevent ``factions'' from sacrificing ``both  the public good and the rights of other citizens.'' Impeachment is part  of that elaborate system. The Founders set a very high bar for its use,  requiring that the President may only be removed by a two-thirds vote  of the Senate.   The Framers recognized that in removing a sitting President, we would  be acting against not only the officeholder but also the voters who  entrusted him with that position. Thus, the Senate must consider  whether misconduct occurred, its nature, and the traumatic and  disruptive impact that removing a duly elected President would have on  our Nation.   In the trial of President Clinton, I argued that in order to convict,  ``we must conclude from the evidence presented to us with no room for  doubt that our Constitution will be injured and our democracy suffer  should the President remain in office one moment more.'' The House  managers adopted a similar threshold when they argued that President  Trump's conduct is so dangerous that he ``must not remain in power one  moment longer.''   The point is, impeachment of a President should be reserved for  conduct that poses such a serious threat to our governmental  institutions as to warrant the extreme step of immediate removal from  office. I voted to acquit President Clinton, even though the House  managers proved to my satisfaction that he did commit a crime, because  his conduct did not meet that threshold.   I will now discuss each of the articles.   In its first Article of Impeachment against President Trump, the  House asserts that the President abused the power of his Presidency.  While there are gaps in the record, some key facts are not disputed.   It is clear from the July 25, 2019, phone call between President  Trump and Ukrainian President Zelensky that the investigation into the  Bidens' activities requested by President Trump was improper and  demonstrated very poor judgment.   There is conflicting evidence in the record about the President's  motivation for this improper request. The House managers stated  repeatedly that President Trump's actions were motivated ``solely'' for  his own political gain in the 2020 campaign. Yet the President's  attorneys argued that the President had sound public policy  motivations, including a concern about widespread corruption in  Ukraine.   Regardless, it was wrong for President Trump to mention former Vice  [[Page S842]]  President Biden on that phone call, and it was wrong for him to ask a  foreign country to investigate a political rival.   The House Judiciary Committee identified in its report crimes that it  believed the President committed. Article I, however, does not even  attempt to assert that the President committed a crime. I sought to  reconcile this contradiction between the report and the articles in a  question I posed to the House managers, but they failed to address that  point in their response.   While I do not believe that the conviction of a President requires a  criminal act, the high bar for removal from office is perhaps even  higher when the impeachment is for a difficult-to-define, noncriminal  act.   In any event, the House did little to support its assertion in  article I that the President ``will remain a threat to national  security and the Constitution if allowed to remain in office.''   As I concluded in the impeachment trial of President Clinton, I do  not believe that the House has met its burden of showing that the  President's conduct, however flawed, warrants the extreme step of  immediate removal from office, nor does the record support the  assertion by the House managers that the President must not remain in  office one moment longer. The fact that the House delayed transmitting  the Articles of Impeachment to the Senate for 33 days undercuts this  argument.   For all of the reasons I have discussed, I will vote to acquit on  article I.   Article II seeks to have the Senate convict the President based on a  dispute over witnesses and documents between the legislative and  executive branches. As a general principle, an objection or privilege  asserted by one party cannot be deemed invalid, let alone impeachable,  simply because the opposing party disagrees with it.   Before the House even authorized its impeachment inquiry, it issued  23 subpoenas to current and former administration officials. When the  House and the President could not reach an accommodation, the House  failed to compel testimony and document production. The House actually  withdrew a subpoena seeking testimony from Dr. Charles Kupperman, a  national security aide, once he went to court for guidance. And the  House chose not to issue a subpoena to John Bolton, the National  Security Advisor, whom the House has identified as the key witness.   At a minimum, the House should have pursued the full extent of its  own remedies before bringing impeachment charges, including by seeking  the assistance of a neutral third party--the judicial branch.   In making these choices, the House substituted its own political  preference for speed over finality. The House managers described  impeachment as a ``last resort'' for the Congress. In this case,  however, the House chose to skip the basic steps of judicial  adjudication and instead leapt straight to impeachment as the first  resort. Therefore, I will vote to acquit on article II.   This decision is not about whether you like or dislike this  President, or agree with or oppose his policies, or approve or  disapprove of his conduct in other circumstances. Rather, it is about  whether the charges meet the very high constitutional standard of  ``Treason, Bribery, or other High Crimes or Misdemeanors.''   It has been 230 years since George Washington first took the oath of  office, and there are good reasons why during that entire time the  Senate has never removed a President. Such a move would not only affect  the sitting President but could have unpredictable and potentially  adverse consequences for public confidence in our electoral process.   It is my judgment that, except when extraordinary circumstances  require a different result, we should entrust to the people the most  fundamental decision of a democracy; namely, who should lead their  country.   