 Mr. Speaker, I rise to support the combined  fiscal year 2021 government spending and coronavirus relief package.   The package before us today does not have everything the American  people need. It shortchanges key relief programs, like aid to our first  responders and State and local governments.   But the American people are suffering and need immediate relief.  Support from Congress is long overdue.   The package includes critical Democratic priorities we fought for,  like money for small businesses, extended unemployment benefits,  individual stimulus checks, and public health funding to eradicate the  coronavirus.   It contains legislation I authored to reauthorize the EARLY Act,  which educates young and at-risk women with breast cancer.   The appropriations bills in this package advance key priorities, like  $250 million for Everglades restoration, fighting child exploitation on  the internet, and protecting migrants and holding DHS accountable.   As chair of the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs  Subcommittee, we fund improved healthcare for veterans, modernize the  VA electronic health record system, and improve military infrastructure  to ensure readiness.   And we did not include funding to reimburse the President for his  theft of military funds for the racist border wall.   The Democratic House passed our coronavirus relief bill in May and  our appropriations bills in July. Republicans failed to do their job.  They have showcased unprecedented incompetence and cruelty this year.   Why did Republicans block this relief package until now?   They thought we were too generous with the American people, and they  wanted to protect corporations who put workers in harm's way, and then  tried to shackle the Federal Reserve in a last-minute effort to make it  harder for the Biden administration to help struggling small  businesses.   Democrats will keep fighting for additional aid once President-elect  Biden takes office. That cannot come soon enough.  [[Page H7305]]        