 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of  H.R. 3798, the Equal Access to Contraception for Veterans Act, my bill  to ensure  [[Page H4771]]  that women veterans have access to the same contraception coverage as  women currently serving in the military and on the same basis of women  who receive private healthcare.   I thank the chairman for working with me to advance this legislation,  and I am proud that my bill passed the committee with broad bipartisan  support.   As you may know, because of the Affordable Care Act, all women using  civilian health insurance may access basic contraceptive services, like  the pill or an IUD, without a copay.   Last year, the Access to Contraception for Servicemembers and  Dependents Act passed with overwhelming bipartisan support as part of  the annual National Defense Authorization Act to ensure that TRICARE  also provides this basic health benefit to servicemembers and their  dependents. While this was an important step, women veterans currently  do not receive this benefit from the VA.   Clearly, we need to make sure all women who have served our country  receive the same care. My bill will fix this inequity.   The benefits of contraception are widely recognized. Choosing when or  if to have a family is essential to women's health and to their  economic security.   Today, there are 2 million women veterans living in the United  States, and women comprise the fastest growing subpopulation of both  the military and veteran populations. Yet, many of their health needs  go unaddressed in a VA system that has not evolved to equitably serve a  rapidly changing population.    As the chairwoman of the Women's Veterans Task Force and chair of the  House Veterans' Affairs' Subcommittee on Health, members of the task  force and I have worked to identify disparities in healthcare for women  veterans and, where necessary, introduce, advocate for, and pass  legislation that eliminates those gaps.   Mr. Speaker, our veterans have sacrificed so much for us and our  country. It is way past time that we address this inequity and fix this  glaring gap in care of our women veterans. I urge my colleagues to  support our women veterans and vote ``yes'' on H.R. 3798.   Mr. Speaker, before I conclude, I, too, would just like to publicly  acknowledge my gratitude to Dr. Roe. When the Speaker says the  ``gentleman from Tennessee,'' I believe he truly is a gentleman in the  eyes, I think, of all Members of Congress and, certainly, particularly  mine.   He is a great storyteller that underscores the point that he is  making at all times. There is no question that his leadership and his  advocacy for our veterans, both men and women, are untouchable and  unwavering. I would say how much I have enjoyed working with him on the  Committee of Veterans' Affairs, and I know that he will be missed by  the entire House, but sorely missed within the Committee of Veterans'  Affairs and our daily work there.   I thank him for all that he has done. Whatever his next chapter is in  his life, I hope that he and his new bride enjoy every minute of it.   