 Mr. Speaker, first of all, let me thank  Congresswoman Omar for introducing this amendment and for her  tremendous leadership; also, to Chairman McGovern, who offered this  amendment several years ago when it passed the House with the support  of, as Congresswoman Omar said, over 300 Members.   Our war in Afghanistan began almost two decades ago. At that time, we  drafted, debated, and passed an authorization for Use of Military Force  in 3 days. Congress applied no time limit. It gave authority for a  mission so broad and vaguely defined that it has essentially created a  blank check for 20 years of war.   Yes, I was opposed then to that resolution. But, quite frankly, I  gain no satisfaction that my fears have been fully justified. But I do  think there is a lesson here, and that is that Congress that needs to  play a more active role in defining the scope and the timing of how  America makes war.   Some of my friends will argue against this amendment by saying we  cannot tie the hands of the military. I would ask them to look at where  we are. When Congress fails to insist on limits and guidelines for our  military, the mission gets confused and lost.   We have now negotiated an agreement to bring our role in Afghanistan  to an end. The President himself has said that he intends to bring our  troops home. This amendment will provide the accountability for doing  so.   It is far past time to bring almost two decades--mind you, two  decades--of nonstop war to an end. These forever wars have spanned  wider and wider.    These wars, I remind you, have cost us $5  trillion and claimed hundreds of thousands of lives.   The war in Afghanistan is the longest war in American history, with  troops now fighting a war that was launched before they were even born.   Enough is enough. This is a thoughtful and deliberative way for us to  untangle our military from Afghanistan and bring this long war to an  end.   So I want to thank the gentlewoman from Minnesota for her tremendous  leadership in bringing this important amendment to the floor, and I ask  for an ``aye'' vote.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Pocan for  yielding and for his tremendous, bold, and visionary leadership.   As we stand here today, 142,000 people in America are dead from COVID  and millions have suffered from the disease or the economic dislocation  which it has caused.   The Federal response has been weak, it has been late, and it has been  confused. Meanwhile, this House stands poised to pour three-quarters of  a trillion dollars into a defense establishment that is unauditable,  unaccountable, and does little to answer the basic threats to the  safety and welfare of our people.   The Pentagon is the only Federal department that has never passed an  audit, despite this requirement being on the books for 30 years.   It is not hard to find places to cut this budget. The Pentagon could  save almost $58 billion just by eliminating obsolete weapons, weapons  like Cold War-era bombers and missiles designed and built in the last  century that are totally unsuitable for the challenges of this century.   We could find another $18 billion simply by preventing the end-of- year spending sprees that lead to contract money being shoveled out the  door in September. Congressional Research Service documented these  spending spikes occurring each September as offices at the Pentagon go  on a last-minute spending spree to justify their next-year budget  increases.   We see the tremendous costs of this runaway spending not only in  missing priorities like public health that are left underfunded, but in  a way of thinking that militarizes every problem in our society and  turns peaceful protestors into targets for weapons of war.   Enough. It is time for us to stand up against this madness.    Mr. Speaker, let me just close by saying these  are modest cuts. They won't compromise our national security and won't  take dollars from our troops, but it will allow us to reinvest in  healthcare, schools, and infrastructure. This amendment will be a first  step in rebalancing our priorities to build a safe, peaceful,  prosperous world at home and abroad.    Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote.   