 Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I would like to begin by thanking our chairman,  Chairman  Bobby Scott, and his staff for working with me on this and  for their bipartisan leadership on this bill. I appreciate the  chairman's help in allowing me to better serve what I lovingly call  Michigan's 13th District strong.   Before us is an amendment that requires, within 5 years, the United  States Commission on Civil Rights to submit a comprehensive analysis  and review of Federal mixed-motive age discrimination in employment  claims made against Federal agencies.   Unfortunately, the Supreme Court has made it harder for older workers  to prove that they were discriminated against at their job based on  age.   This bill will strengthen protections against age discrimination for  our residents by placing greater accountability on the hiring practices  of large corporations rather than placing it on the shoulders of our  older working-class residents.   We know that when an older resident and worker loses their job, they  are far more likely to join the ranks of the long-term unemployed  community and that their age plays a significant role in this. I heard  countless stories back in my district of older residents who had  significant struggles landing other jobs after they were laid off  during the auto bailout in Michigan.   One of my residents, Lena, was laid off at 55 years old after 22  years with Ford Motor Company. She tried for 6 months to get a similar  position, to no avail. She told me: ``When they see 22 years with a  company, they know how old you are.'' Since then, she had to relocate  her family after her 9 months of severance pay ran out.   Passing this bill means that we will be safeguarding our older  Federal workers from having to go through similar challenges.   My amendment is a protection measure that requires the U.S.  Commission on Civil Rights to submit an analysis  [[Page H270]]  of mixed-motive age discrimination in Federal employment claims. We  have to fight back against these motivating factors that have nothing  to do with a person's experience or ability.   It is important that when we pass legislation, we ensure that it has  public data on the outcome in order to be transparent and accountable  to the residents who we serve back home.   For the sake of our residents and to protect our older workforce,  Congress must ensure that age is not again a motivating factor in  employment decisions.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chairman, I think it is really important to note that  this came about because the last report that we could find on age  discrimination in this particular area is from the 1970s. It is about  time that we bring this forward.   We could not find anything anywhere that specifically looked at this  particular Federal mixed-motive age discrimination kind of study,  again, since the 1970s.   The burden of proof is just too high on Federal employees. We need to  go back and be very centered around making sure that there is equal  access to proving a discrimination case of this type.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I am very proud to represent the  Congressional Progressive Caucus where we have close to 100 members all  across the country that are pushing forward our progressive values that  I think are extremely important, especially in a district like mine,  frontline communities and many communities of color that are suffering  from issues around poverty, jobs, environment, education,  disinvestment, and so forth. So I am very honored to be representing  our caucus today with the Special Order.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. Watson  Coleman), who is my good colleague from New Jersey.    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Rhode Island  (Mr. Cicilline), my colleague and good friend.    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms.  Schakowsky).    Mr. Speaker, I yield to my colleague from California (Ms.  Lee), my mentor. The original squad member is what I like to call her.  I so appreciate the leadership role that she plays in the Congressional  Progressive Caucus, especially in trying to suspend and stop all war  efforts by our country.     Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr.  Blumenauer).    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his incredible  leadership. It is a blessing here.   This administration's rogue attempt to start a war with Iran has  endangered countless lives around the world. We are farther away from  global peace and bringing our troops home.   Just as the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan have been disastrous,  resulting in deaths of millions of people and costing trillions of  dollars, a war with Iran and Iraqi Shia militias would destabilize the  region and cause untold human suffering.   Congress must act swiftly to reclaim our authority over declarations  of war and uphold the will of the American people who loudly say no to  war with Iran.   Our residents want us focused on ensuring everyone in America has the  opportunity to thrive. Trillions of dollars have been spent on death  and destruction instead of on education and healthcare that communities  like Michigan's 13th District Strong so desperately need. Instead we  have wars now that have become political campaign moves.   I represent the third poorest congressional district in the country.  My residents don't want more endless wars in the Middle East. They want  good jobs, affordable healthcare, and good schools for their children.   We must reclaim our government from those who pushed the war, and we  must dismantle the military industrial complex once and for all.   From day one this administration has antagonized Iran, tearing up the  successful nuclear deal, imposing crippling unilateral sanctions that  hurt everyday people a lot more than they hurt the Iran leadership.   Our foreign policy has been driven by warmongers obsessed with regime  change, despite a long and bloody American track record of failed  regime changes across the globe. Fueled by a military industrial  complex that demands new targets for its weapons, we have roamed from  continent to continent destabilizing governments and learning no  lessons. We have made it actually so much worse.   The American people have seen what happens when we in Congress fail  to live up to our duty as their representatives. When we don't ask the  tough questions of those hungry for war, our soldiers, our men and  women are sent to fight and die in Iraq for weapons of mass destruction  that do not exist. Families from Vietnam to Libya are torn apart by  bombs and bullets, and children across Southeast Asia are born without  arms and legs because weapons like Agent Orange poison innocent  civilians to this day.   Let us finally, mercifully learn our lesson now. We must solve our  differences with diplomacy, not missiles. No war with Iran not now, not  ever. We live in a country where endless wars have been normalized, but  it is not normal. It shouldn't be normal.   When we demand a debt-free college education or healthcare for all,  the establishment, folks in this Chamber ask how much will it cost and  who will pay for it? However, we throw billions of dollars away on  broken weapons systems. We spend trillions on sending our Armed Forces  to die in rich people's wars.   When we demand basic dignity and opportunity to thrive, that is when  the establishment starts pretending to care about deficits and debt.   We are awake to this game, and we are not playing it anymore. We must  dismantle our war economy and reinvest in the people's economy.   Last week's vote on the War Powers Resolution is a great first step  toward reigning in the war machine, but we must go further. We need to  pass Representative Lee's bill to repeal the 2002 Authorization for Use  of Military Force, which this administration is pretending authorizes  their military maneuvers. And we need to pass Representative Khanna's  bill to prohibit military spending on a war with Iran, right now,  before another attack is ordered.   We must all keep up the pressure and ask those tough questions and  keep up the fight for the American people who are still to this day  saying: Stop lying to us before you go to war. Stop using our men and  women as campaign moves, rather than trying to keep our Nation safe.   We can stop this march to war, but it is going to take all of us and  take courage in this Chamber.   I thank my good colleagues from the Congressional Progressive Caucus  for their amazing and incredible courage to stand up and tell the truth  that is sometimes lacking in this Chamber. We must do that. And  sometimes staying silent or not asking those tough questions is the  same as lying.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the 13th District for their faith and support in  the work that I am doing in this Chamber. I yield back the balance of  my time.   