 Mr. President, as we finally begin negotiations on the  next COVID bill, I note that Democrats were ready to come to the table  with a sense of urgency at least 2 months ago, when the House passed  the Heroes Act.   Before I begin my remarks on education today, I want to pay tribute  to the life and work of an extraordinary public servant, my friend  Congressman John Lewis.   John was a remarkable man, whose deep convictions and concerted  actions made an indelible mark on American history, and we could  certainly spend hours chronicling his contributions to public life,  from his speech at the March on Washington and the march across the  Edmund Pettus Bridge on Bloody Sunday to his leadership on gun safety,  civil rights, and voting rights during his time in Congress.   John meant so much to our country, but he also meant a lot to each of  us  [[Page S4457]]  who had the privilege to call him a friend and colleague. Almost  everyone who served with John in his three-plus decades in the House  has a story or two to tell. I certainly do.   I fondly remember traveling with John to Ireland as part of a peace  and reconciliation summit organized by the Faith and Politics Institute  in 2014. During our trip, I remember how young Irish activists  connected with John's powerful work as a civil rights leader committed  to nonviolent resistance to oppression and peaceful reconciliation.   The following year, I proudly marched across the Edmund Pettus Bridge  with John to mark the 50th anniversary of Bloody Sunday. One of the  most cherished pictures in my office is one of John, me, and the late  Hawaii Congressman Mark Takai from that day, and we were all wearing  lei flown in from Hawaii.   Mark, whom we also lost too soon to pancreatic cancer 4 years ago,  and I organized the delivery of hundreds of lei that day to commemorate  the gift from Hawaii's Rev. Abraham Akaka to Dr. Martin Luther King,  Jr., 50 years ago for the third march in Selma. News footage from that  time showed Dr. King and other leaders wearing the white carnation lei  sent by Reverend Akaka, the brother of the late Senator Dan Akaka.   Over the years, that photo of the three of us in our fresh lei has  always brought a smile to my face.   I know many of my colleagues have similar stories to share, and it  has been meaningful to hear so many people on both sides of the aisle  recognize John's life and work in statements and speeches.   It is certainly appropriate to honor John with our words, but it  would be better if we honored John through our actions, because while  John was certainly a gifted orator, he was also a man of action--of  ``good trouble.''   The best way for us to honor John's extraordinary life's work would  be for the Senate to vote on and pass the Voting Rights Advancement  Act, now renamed in John's honor. Action, not just words.   