 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding. I  appreciate this time to speak on behalf of my congressional district,  which I lovingly call the ``13th District Strong.''   Mr. Speaker, instead of working on behalf of students, Secretary  DeVos is enriching predatory for-profit colleges that leave students  with crushing debt  [[Page H220]]  and useless degrees, and I rise today because we have to stop it.   If you want to see harm caused by the legacy of the DeVos-led  policies, look no further than my district. In fact, students in  Michigan will suffer for years to come because of Secretary DeVos'  consistent record of putting for-profit interests first. And who are  Secretary DeVos' latest targets, student borrowers who were defrauded  by large for-profit colleges. Scams, Mr. Speaker.   I heard from one constituent in my district who was deceived by a  for-profit college that suddenly, with no notice closed its doors 6  months into her 1-year program. Now she is burdened with thousands of  dollars in loans and nothing to show for them, not even a certificate  or a diploma. She did apply for the forgiveness program through the  Department of Education but was denied.   If we don't stop this latest DeVos rule, we will guarantee that my  constituent will bear the burden of unfairly paying for a diploma she  has never received.   It is outrageous that our residents are the ones being punished  instead of protected from this type of fraud and abuse. Sometimes I  think these words ``fraud and abuse'' are just not strong enough. These  are scams, criminal activity by these corporations coming in and  targeting communities like mine that the majority are people of color.   Look at the advertisement, they are targeting specific communities  where I have a number of single mothers who want to go back to school  and better their lives or other folks who are nontraditional students  are who they target. Again, these are the most vulnerable communities  that we all represent.   We need to stop Secretary DeVos from this relentless effort to  protect the bottom line for corporations at the expense of our  residents, the students.   