 I thank our hardworking chair, Nita Lowey, for yielding  me this time.   Madam Chair, I rise in support of H.R. 5687, the Puerto Rico  earthquake supplemental funding.   This $4.67 billion in funding is a vital lifeline for our fellow  citizens in Puerto Rico reeling most recently from a series of  devastating earthquakes, but also still recovering from the  consequential damage of 2017's massive Hurricanes Irma and Maria.   Since late December, a series of quakes rattled Puerto Rico,  including another magnitude 5 earthquake just this last Tuesday. Today,  this body sends a powerful message to the island community: This House  will not let you suffer from inaction by this administration.   Following the most powerful quake in early January, millions were  left without power and running water for days. The electric grid  struggled to keep up with demand. Anxiety remains high as more than 30  category 5 or higher earthquakes have hit this month. 30. Unbelievable.   As we learned from Hurricane Maria, the aftermath can prove to be  even more dangerous and deadly if there is not speedy and effective  action. And I want to thank the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, and also  the Ohio National Guard that has made journeys there, and other defense  units that have risen to duty to protect and serve the people of our  country in Puerto Rico.   This emergency supplemental will provide these hard-hit, anxiety- ridden fellow Americans and communities with strength, hope, and  support to begin moving forward again. A failure to act now is not just  unacceptable, it is immoral.   This bill provides the means to address current challenges inflicted  on the human condition. It also includes funds to strengthen  infrastructure for future mitigation.    Within my subcommittee's Energy and Water accounts, the  bill provides over $21 million for the Department of Energy to provide  technical assistance help restore and rebuild the electric grid in  Puerto Rico and other U.S. territories. These funds will allow the  Department and our National Labs to provide the expertise necessary to  begin the repair.   Equally important is the significant financial support to meet the  educational needs of island children for disaster nutrition assistance  and repair all of the infrastructure.   This Nation must help destroyed communities of our fellow citizens to  help them recover from these historic disasters. We never know when it  will hit our own backyard.   I urge my colleagues to support this important emergency  supplemental.   