 Mr. President, Judge Amy Coney Barrett is a wise,  experienced, compassionate, and strong woman. This past week, Iowans  and all Americans had the chance to see that.   No matter the question or the topic, she was calm, cool, and  collected. She invoked the rule set by the late Justice Ginsburg in  providing no hints, previews, or forecasts as to how she would decide  any given case. That is how judges should act, because, as Judge  Barrett points out, judges aren't legal pundits; their role is to rule  on the law.   Certainly, that seemed to frustrate some folks. It is like they  wanted that big TV moment to score just one more point on the political  scoreboard this election cycle. They weren't focused on understanding  Judge Barrett's judicial philosophy and temperament.   What has become crystal clear to me throughout this process is that  Judge Barrett's academic and professional qualifications are above  reproach. As a law professor at Notre Dame, her alma mater, she offered  numerous academic articles on the topic of constitutional law.   As a Seventh Circuit Court judge, she has authored 79 majority  opinions. Of those majority opinions, they have been unanimous 95  percent of the time.   Judge Barrett has shown a commitment to the law and Constitution and  has an even hand in applying the sacred tenets of our democracy. Like  most Iowans, I firmly believe in the role of our Supreme Court. It is  the defender of our Constitution.   At the end of the day, that is my test for a Supreme Court Justice:  Will she defend the Constitution?   Why is this so important? Because far too often, politicians in  Washington want the Supreme Court to be a superlegislature to push  policy that can't make it through Congress. But that is not the job of  the Supreme Court. We must resist with all effort the push to make this  happen now and in the future.   Last week, Judge Barrett demonstrated that she would be a defender of  the Constitution--a soon-to-be Justice who will rule based on the  Constitution, who will leave the policy decisions to Congress and  decide the cases at hand, not the political winds of the moment.   This week, the Senate will consider adding another woman to the  highest Court in the land. This is something all women of every  political party or persuasion should be applauding. But it seems like  the left can't bring themselves to see this nomination as a great story  for women.   I am struck by the irony of how demeaning to women some of the left's  accusations really are--that Judge Barrett, a working mother of seven  with a strong record of professional and academic accomplishment,  couldn't possibly respect the goals and desires of today's women.   The great freedom of being an American woman is that we can decide  how  [[Page S6348]]  to live our lives, whom to marry, what kind of person we are, and where  we want to go. I served in the military--something not exactly popular  at various points in America's history. We don't have to fit into the  narrow definition of womanhood. We create our own path.   So, folks, I implore you to recognize this nominee for who she is.  Judge Barrett has shown that she has the utmost qualifications and the  character to serve on our Nation's highest Court. She is a role model  for young women in Iowa and all around this Nation--a wife, a mom of  seven, a woman of faith, a midwesterner.   She did not receive her law degree from an Ivy League school. Some  folks may not like that, but I appreciate someone, like myself, who has  lived and learned beyond America's upper crust and coastlines and has  seen America through the eyes of a farmer and the soul of a railman--an  accomplished jurist and truly a wonderful and decent person.   Amy Coney Barrett has demonstrated to the world that this--becoming a  Supreme Court Justice--is what a mom can do.   I look forward to supporting her nomination, and I urge my colleagues  to do the same.   I yield the floor.   