 Mr. Speaker, first, let me just thank the  gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. Fudge) for yielding and for her tremendous  leadership on behalf of our children, but also for demonstrating what  strength in diversity means throughout her life's work. I thank her for  bringing this Strength in Diversity bill to the floor, H.R. 2639.   Let me just say a couple of things. First of all, this bill takes  action where Secretary DeVos and the administration have failed to act  to make sure that all of our children, no matter what color they are,  get the same opportunities to get an education and pursue their dreams.  We have had this discussion over and over and over again in the  Appropriations Committee with the Secretary.   Sixty years ago, Ruby Bridges was the first African-American student  to attend an integrated school in the South. Yes, as has been said by  our chair and also the gentlewoman authoring this bill, this is 66  years after Brown v. Board of Education.   We still have segregation in our school districts, and it is leading  to measurably unjust outcomes for Black and Brown students, robbing  them of their future.   Now, when I started school, mind you, schools were segregated. My  family in El Paso, Texas, fought to desegregate schools, especially my  beloved mother, Mildred Parish Massey, who was one of the first  students to integrate the University of Texas at El Paso.   In addition to the GAO report, a 2019 report out of Stanford  University also reviewed hundreds of millions of test scores from  students across the Nation. Their findings show that racial segregation  leaves Black and Brown students concentrated in high-poverty schools,  leading to a huge opportunity deficit even for high-performing  students.   In fact, they found large achievement gaps in every single school  district with just moderately high segregation. This fact remains. This  data is the same. Also, these schools have fewer resources, and the  students experience more disciplinary actions than in more diverse  schools.   The Strength in Diversity Act would help reverse this segregation by  promoting diversity, increasing student achievement and readiness, and  investing in our children.   The bill would authorize Federal funding to provide grants to support  new and existing local efforts to increase racial and socioeconomic  diversity in our schools.   It would further document segregation in our public schools,  implement programs to recruit and hire diverse teachers, and work to  ensure our students have equitable access to resources.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Fudge for  yielding the additional time.   Let me conclude by saying, in doing this, Congresswoman Fudge and  Chairman Scott have documented this, that by having equitable access to  resources, we actually found that racial prejudice is reduced by making  sure that our children are in diverse schools and classrooms.   All of our students should receive the best education regardless of  their race and ethnicity. That is what this bill is about.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Fudge, the gentlewoman from Ohio,  for putting forth this bill, because she more than most knows the  importance of diversity.   