 Madam Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Speaker, I rise today to offer this amendment with  my cosponsors, Representatives Tlaib and Ocasio-Cortez, in order to  speed us along the path to a renewable energy future.   Our amendment increases the authorization levels for solar, wind,  geothermal and water-based energy research and development programs by  50 percent over the levels currently in the bill for each of the 5  years the bill covers.   The amendment also adds an overall authorization level for research,  development, deployment, and commercial application activities within  DOE's Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy. For each of the  5 years in the bill, those authorization levels are 110 percent of the  funding levels for the carbon pollution reduction R&D activities in the  bill.   Technological innovation has long been seen as an important part of  our efforts to take on climate change, increase access to energy, and  reduce air pollution. Increasing the efficiency of solar cells of wind  turbines, developing new marine hydrokinetic generation technologies  and lighter electric motors, and improving the storage capacity and  lifetime of batteries are just some of the innovations that will help  us get to a 100 percent clean energy system.   But according to the International Energy Agency's Global Status of  Clean Energy Innovation Report for 2020, research and development  spending on clean energy by its member countries has been relatively  flat since 2012, after a doubling spurt between 2000 and 2012. Despite  that doubling, IEA member country public spending on R&D remains below  the levels it was in the 1980s.   Private sector spending has fluctuated with economic cycles--while  there have been some growth years, the 2007-2008 financial crisis and  the 2014 oil price crash led to slowdowns in corporate clean energy  R&D, and the share of global early stage venture capital investment  going into clean energy has halved since 2012.   And now, the COVID-19 pandemic has had a dramatic negative impact on  private sector funding for clean energy innovation, which is likely to  cause setbacks in the timeline for developing and improving clean  energy technologies.   The pandemic will also hurt demonstration projects and early adoption  of technologies that provide essential opportunities for us to ``learn  by doing'' and figure out how to overcome practical obstacles to  widespread deployment of new technologies.   The timing is extremely unfortunate because, as the IEA report makes  clear, we need to be accelerating clean energy innovation to give the  world the best chance to achieve our climate goals, and without strong  sustained investment, our chances of success are dwindling.   Madam Speaker, that is why our amendment is so important. With  climate change accelerating, we can't afford to wait. We need to  develop and deploy renewable energy widely soon, and to do that, the  Federal Government needs to invest in R&D and in deployment and the  technology maturation needed to enable widespread adoption of  renewables and their integration into our energy system.   This clean energy investment will be good for our planet and good for  taxpayers. Public renewable energy R&D in the United States has  delivered a 27 percent return on investment since 1975, with the  benefit-to-cost ratio of 33-1. By making these investments, we are  sending the message that renewable energy is our future, and we are  committing to making that a reality.  [[Page H4939]]    Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join us in sending that  message by voting for our amendment, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, in closing, I would just like to say it  again: Technological innovation has long been seen as an important part  of our efforts to take on climate change and increase access to energy,  and my amendment will strengthen our investment in innovation.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   