 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 7608, the first  package of fiscal year 2021 appropriations bills to be considered by  the House. I wish the circumstances were different and I could support  this very important piece of legislation that funds many key programs.   This bill supports the veterans who have honorably served our  country, the diplomats who promote American businesses and our values  around the world, the farmers and ranchers who put food on our tables,  and the custodians of our parks and public lands who protect our  national treasures.   Unfortunately, I am not able to support this bill before us because  it has some fatal flaws.   First, there are many policy provisions similar to the partisan  legislation the majority has pushed through the House the last few  months.   Second, the spending levels exceed the amounts the Congress and the  President agreed to just last year.   While I acknowledge the hard work Chairwoman Lowey and her staff have  done under very difficult circumstances, these bills do not reflect the  way our committee typically does its business.   Instead of building consensus with Members on our side of the aisle,  these bills contain policy and funding proposals that appear to have  been dictated from the top down. For example, the bill jeopardizes our  security by prohibiting funds from being used to address the crisis on  our southern border and by restricting the President's ability to  respond to a national emergency.   Provisions are included that would permanently prevent any  administration from implementing reforms to programs that help lift  many Americans out of poverty.   The bill reverses course on nearly all of the language that was  negotiated last year in the State, Foreign Operations bill to protect  life. It does away with current policies that stop foreign  organizations from receiving funds if they provide abortions.   I am also disappointed to see that longstanding provisions aimed at  enhancing transparency at the United Nations were removed. These  conditions have made an impact on these agencies, and they should be  continued.   There are also new directives added that would jeopardize America's  energy independence, and instead of rolling back burdensome  environmental regulations to help America's businesses, this bill  prevents many commonsense policies from being put in place and takes  out key provisions from prior years.   The bill also contains billions of dollars in emergency spending. $15  billion is included for infrastructure.   Even though the Appropriations Committee has held more than 100  hearings and briefings this year, these proposals were never formally  considered, and there were no discussions with Members on our side of  the aisle. This is disappointing.   Another $10 billion is included to address coronavirus, even though a  $3 trillion bill passed the House in May and the Senate is planning to  consider that bill in the next few weeks.   In addition, $12.5 billion of veterans funding is unnecessarily  designated as emergency, even though it was known that this spending  would be needed when the budget agreement was enacted last year.   We must work together on appropriations bills that avoid  controversial legislative language and meet agreed-upon spending  levels. This is the only way to get bills through the House and the  Senate and signed into law.   Mr. Speaker, for these reasons, I urge my colleagues to vote against  this package, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 6 minutes to the gentleman from  Kentucky (Mr. Rogers), the former chairman of the full committee, and  ranking member of the State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs  Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Carter), who is the ranking member of the Military  Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 6 minutes to the gentleman from  Nebraska (Mr. Fortenberry), who is the ranking member of the  Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and  Related Agencies Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from  Ohio (Mr. Joyce), the ranking member of Subcommittee on Interior,  Environment, and Related Agencies.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Rodney Davis).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from South Dakota (Mr. Johnson).    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Utah  (Mr. Stewart).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from Washington (Mr. Newhouse).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from Michigan (Mr. Bergman).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Alaska (Mr. Young), the dean of the House.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Kentucky (Mr. Barr).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  North Carolina (Mr. Hudson).    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman  from Washington (Mr. Newhouse).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Perry).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote on this en bloc  package, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  South Carolina (Mr. Wilson).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Arizona (Mr. Gosar).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  South Carolina (Mr. Duncan).   (Mr. DUNCAN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his  remarks.)    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentlewoman  from West Virginia (Mrs. Miller).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  North Dakota (Mr. Armstrong).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Perry).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Missouri (Mr. Smith).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Iowa (Mr. King).    Madam Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote, and I yield back  the balance of my time.   