 Madam Speaker, ten years ago, this March, I  proudly cast my vote in support of the Patient Protection and  Affordable Care Act. The ACA built on the promise that was begun with  the passage of Medicare in 1965, which represented a milestone in our  nation's history by framing healthcare as a universal right for all  Americans.   Like many of my colleagues at that time, I would have preferred to  see the bill go much further towards granting universal access to  health care for every man, woman, and child in this country.  Nevertheless, it was an important first step to improving the quality  and affordability of health services, prioritizing prevention and the  reduction of health disparities, and taking the necessary albeit  difficult steps to rein in the escalating costs of health care in this  country.  [[Page H2642]]    The intent of the Democrat Majority in the 111th Congress was always  to build on the ACA and modify and improve its programs and policies.  Instead, what followed was at least 70 Republican led attempts over the  next 8 years to defund benefits, dismantle programs, and repeal parts,  or all, of the Affordable Care Act, with no serious effort to fix  problems or replace the critical law with a viable alternative.   For the last three years, Democrats have watched in frustration as a  series of misguided and meanspirited Presidential executive orders have  slashed funding, delayed implementation of programs, and limited  benefits for consumers. And when President Trump's ``Repeal and  Replace'' efforts failed, his administration turned to the courts to  declare unconstitutional all, or parts, of the ACA.   Today, with the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Enhancement  Act, we say ENOUGH IS ENOUGH. This important legislation will  strengthen and expand the Affordable Care Act by including provisions  to reduce the cost of prescription drugs, reduce the number of  uninsured Americans, expand access to quality and affordable health  coverage, and protect people with pre-existing conditions.   The bill expands Marketplace tax credits to lower health insurance  premiums and allows more middle-class individuals and families to  qualify for subsidies. It expands Medicaid coverage for states who have  not taken advantage of this provision and reverses the Trump  Administration's expansion of junk health insurance plans that  discriminate against people with pre-existing conditions. The bill also  requires the federal government to negotiate certain drug prices to  ensure consumers have access to affordable and fair prices for drugs  they depend upon to live healthy and productive lives.   According to the Congressional Budget Office (CBO), this bill would  reduce the number of uninsured by 4 million below the current law, and  it would lower individual market premiums by 10 percent and drug prices  by up to 55 percent.   Americans have overwhelmingly told us their number one concern is  access to high quality and affordable health care. H.R. 1425 builds on  the ACA and takes the next critical step towards reducing health  disparities and providing more families with affordable and  comprehensive health insurance. I am proud to vote YES for the Patient  Protection and Affordable Care Enhancement Act.   