 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise this evening to address the  trial of Donald John Trump. The Founders gave this body the sole power  to try all impeachments, and exercising that power--we all know--is a  weighty, weighty responsibility. This was only the third time in the  history of our country that the Senate convened to handle a  Presidential impeachment and only the second in the past 150 years.   I was part of a small group that worked to secure a fair, an honest,  and a transparent structure for the trial, and we based it on how this  Chamber handled the trial of President Clinton some 20 years ago. So  there were 24 hours of arguments for each side, 16 hours of questions  from Members, with the full House record admitted as evidence.   That should have been more than enough to answer the questions: Do we  need to hear more? Should there be additional process? Mr. President,  the structure we built should have been sufficient, but the foundation  upon which it rested was rotten. The House rushed through what should  have been one of the most serious, consequential undertakings of the  legislative branch, simply to meet an artificial, self-imposed  deadline.   Prior Presidential impeachments resulted from years of investigation,  where subpoenas were issued and they were litigated, where there were  massive amounts of documents that were produced and witnesses deposed,  where resistance from the Executive was overcome through court  proceedings and through accommodations.   The House failed in its responsibilities. The House failed in its  responsibilities. The Senate should be ashamed by the rank partisanship  that has been on display here. We cannot be the greatest deliberative  body when we kick things off by issuing letters to the media instead of  coming together to set the parameters of the trial and negotiate in  good faith on how we should proceed.   For all the talk of impartiality, it is clear to me that few in this  Chamber approached this with a genuinely open mind. Some have been  calling for the President to be impeached for years. Indeed, we saw  just today clips that indicate headlines 19 minutes after the President  was sworn into office calling for his impeachment. Others in this  Chamber saw little need to even consider the arguments from the House  before stating their intentions to acquit.   Over the course of the past few weeks, we have all seen the videos  from 20 years ago where Members who were present during the Clinton  trial took the exact opposite stance than they take today. That level  of hypocrisy is astounding, even for a place like Washington, DC.   The President's behavior was shameful and wrong. His personal  interests do not take precedence over those of this great Nation. The  President has the responsibility to uphold the integrity and the honor  of the office, not just for himself but for all future Presidents.  Degrading the office by actions or even name-calling weakens it for  future Presidents, and it weakens our country.   All of this rotted foundation of the process--all of this--led to the  conclusion that I reached several days ago that there would be no fair  trial. While this trial was held here in this Senate, it was really  litigated in the court of public opinion. For half the country, they  had already decided there had been far too much process; they  considered the entire impeachment inquiry to be baseless, and they  thought that the Senate should have just dismissed the case as soon as  it reached us.   Then, for the other half, no matter how many witnesses were summoned  or deposed, no matter how many documents were produced, the only way-- the only way--the trial could have been considered fair was if it  resulted in the President's removal from office.   During the month that the House declined to transmit the articles to  the Senate, the demon of faction extended his scepter, the outcome  became clear, and a careless media cheerfully tried to put out the  fires with gasoline. We debated witnesses instead of the case before  the Senate. Rather than the President's conduct, the focus turned to  how a lack of additional witnesses could be used to undermine any final  conclusion. What started with political initiatives that degraded the  Office of the President and left the Congress wallowing in partisan mud  threatened to drag the last remaining branch of government down along  with us.   Mr. President, I have taken tough votes before to uphold the  integrity of our courts, and when it became clear that a tie vote here  in the Senate would simply be used to burn down our third branch of  government for partisan political purposes, I said ``enough''--just  ``enough.''   The response to the President's behavior is not to disenfranchise  nearly 63 million Americans and remove him from the ballot. The House  could have pursued censure and not immediately jumped to the remedy of  last resort. I cannot vote to convict. The Constitution provides for  impeachment but does not demand it in all instances. An incremental  first step: to remind the President that, as Montesquieu said,  ``Political virtue is a renunciation of oneself,'' and this requires  ``a continuous preference of the public interest over one's own.''   Removal from office and being barred from ever holding another office  of honor, trust, or profit under the United States is the political  death penalty. The President's name is on ballots that have already  been cast. The voters will pronounce a verdict in 9 months, and we must  trust their judgment.   This process has been the apotheosis of the problem of congressional  abdication. Through the refusal to exercise war powers or relinquishing  the power of the purse, selective oversight, and an unwillingness to  check emergency declarations designed to skirt Congress, we have  failed. We have failed time and again. We, as a legislative branch,  cannot continue to cede authority to the Executive.   The question that we must answer, given the intense polarization in  our country, is, Where do we go from here? Where do we go from here? I  wish that I had that magic wand. Sadly, I have no definitive answers,  but I do have hope because we must have hope.   As I tried to build consensus over the past few weeks, I had many  private conversations with colleagues, and so many--so many--in this  Chamber share my sadness for the present state of our institutions. It  is my hope that we have finally found bottom here, that both sides can  look inward and reflect on the apparent willingness that each has to  destroy not just each other but all of the institutions of our  government. And for what? Because it may help win an election? At some  point, Mr. President--at some point--for our country, winning has to be  about more than just winning, or we will all lose.   Mr. President, I yield the floor.   