 Mr. President, I want to thank Senator Cornyn for his  partnership and support his call. I urge my colleagues to support our  legislation, the Jenna Quinn Law, and I, too, look forward to its being  passed as part of wrapup this evening.   Every child has the fundamental right to be safe, to be treated with  dignity, to be cared for, and to have the opportunity to seize their  vast potential. Sexual abuse robs children of those rights. Too often,  these horrific crimes go unrecognized or unreported, and children are  left in dangerous situations without access to safety and justice.   During my time as Governor of New Hampshire, I worked with  Republicans and Democrats to sign into law a bill that mandated that  child abuse prevention be taught as a part of the health education  curriculum, and I am proud to work with Senator Cornyn to strengthen  these efforts on a national level.   The Jenna Quinn Law would better protect children from sexual assault  by helping ensure that teachers, caregivers, and other adults working  with children are equipped with the tools and knowledge to prevent,  recognize, and report sexual abuse and exploitation. It would also  ensure that children receive age-appropriate education on how to  recognize and report these heinous acts.   By encouraging States to provide training and education on child  sexual abuse recognition and prevention, we can help keep our young  people safe. But we know that there is much more work ahead of us.   The COVID-19 pandemic is exacerbating challenges that many vulnerable  people face, including children who are abused, and as reporting of  abuse has gone down during this pandemic, experts have made clear that  it is because many children have been out of view of the people who  often provide support and make reports, including teachers and school  officials.   So as we work to pass the Jenna Quinn Law today, we also have to  focus on passing a broader bipartisan reauthorization of the Child  Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act to provide  [[Page S5689]]  even more tools to support children and families who are struggling. It  is our duty to nurture and protect all of our country's children, and  the Jenna Quinn Law is a strong step to help move us forward in meeting  that responsibility.   I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation and to work  together on additional bipartisan measures to protect the safety and  well-being of children across the country. Again, I thank my friend  from Texas for his leadership in moving this important bill forward,  and I look forward continuing to work with him on these issues.   I yield the floor.   