 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise to support the underlying bill, which was made  much safer to save lives and to provide economic opportunity. But, as  well, I rise to support the bipartisan, as it should be, oversight bill  created by the vision of our Speaker, and I ask my colleagues to  understand what oversight  [[Page H1917]]  is in COVID-19. It is to save lives and to make sure that we focus on  the needs of those like the elderly in nursing homes who need to be  tested or essential workers.   Or we find out the underlying incompetence, if you will, of large  companies getting money from the mom-and-pop businesses. That needs  oversight.   Or we promote more testing, like the $25 billion that is in the  underlying bill, and contact tracing. That is what oversight is.   Oversight is to maintain the idea that we have responsibility for the  budget of this Nation, but we have the responsibility for the lives of  this Nation.   I served as a staffer for the Select Committee on Assassinations when  people were in dismay about the assassinations of Dr. King and John F.  Kennedy. I will tell you that even that small committee in the House  gave some comfort that Congress was caring about lives and about our  budget.   I support enthusiastically the rule and, as well, the bipartisan  Oversight Committee. Wise people will know that Congress must continue  to do its work in a way that saves lives and strengthens our economy.   I ask support for this bill and the rule.    Madam Speaker, let me acknowledge that people are  dying. That sometime in the future, we may have one-sixth of the number  of people that died in World War II in the battles on behalf of the  United States.   I rise because I support this legislation because it has universal  testing for COVID-19. It is a matter of life and death. And I call upon  using this $25 billion for testing nursing homes and all essential  workers. They must be assured that they are safe.   I join with the Congressional Black Caucus to make sure that we have  concentrated voluntary testing in areas where there have been high  deaths, contact tracing to identify the people, which has been  included, antibody tests, working with our communities and faith-based.  And, yes, The Nickel in the Fifth Ward, where Mickey Leland and Barbara  Jordan work; that is a restaurant. I want them to be part of those who  will get now the new dollars, the $60 billion that is going to help the  very, very small. And I want to stand in the way of the Ruth's Chris  and the Shake Shacks, the large corporations, to make sure that they  understand that we are sharing with each other. So small businesses now  with minority banks and CDFIs can do this.  [[Page H1933]]    Finally, our hospitals that have been on the front lines. They need  to be reimbursed and those who are Medicare focused, not just Medicaid  focused, not just Medicare focused.   And, yes, I want hero pay for our transit workers and hero pay for  our professionals.   Madam Speaker, I support this legislation now to save lives.   Madam Speaker, as a senior member of the Committees on the Judiciary  and on Homeland Security, and founder and Co-Chair of the Congressional  Coronavirus Taskforce, I rise in strong support of the ``Paycheck  Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act,'' an interim  measure that supplements the CARES Act, the assistance and relief  package passed by Congress providing more than $2 trillion to address  the adverse health and economic impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic.   But more must be done, and it is our obligation to ensure that the  necessary assistance is provided, and that our decisions are informed  by science, based on evidence, and put the physical safety and economic  security and livelihoods of the American people foremost.   Every day, we see the need for further action to combat the  coronavirus crisis.   To date, there are more than 800,000 confirmed cases, over 43,000  dead, including 20,196 cases and 547 deaths in my home state of Texas.   On top of that, by taking the necessary measures to slow the pandemic  and `flatten the curve' so as not to overwhelm the nation's health care  system, economic activity in the United States has experienced a severe  shock to the system.   More than 22 million initial unemployment claims in the past month  alone.   In addition, on March 23, 2020, the Dow Jones Industrial Average  (DJIA) dipped to 18,321.62, which is even lower than it was on Election  Night 2016, and far below the 19,827 mark where it stood on January 20,  2017.   In other words, Madam Speaker, all the gains that were made to the  stock market and heralded by this Administration as evidence of its  genius have been wiped out, depleting the retirement savings and 401ks  of millions of ordinary Americans.   Democrats dramatically changed the package originally proposed by the  Senate from an insufficient Republican plan that left behind hospitals  and health workers but did nothing to aid the survival of the most  vulnerable small businesses on Main Street.   That is why Democrats in Congress insisted on, fought for, and  succeeded in shepherding into law the CARES Act, established the  Paycheck Protection Program (PPP), a new guaranteed loan program at the  Small Business Administration (SBA) to help small businesses cover  payroll and other expenses during the crisis, with 100 percent of the  amount eligible for forgiveness if employers retain employees.   The CARES Act also created the Economic Injury Disaster Loan Program,  a new $10 billion grant program, leveraging SBA's Office of Disaster  Assistance to provide small businesses with much needed capital in a  timely manner.   Congress intended that these programs would provide immediate  financial support to secure the survival of the small business  community, which is the backbone of the national economy.   As the economic impact of the coronavirus pandemic becomes clearer  and more far-reaching, it will be necessary to replenish the Paycheck  Protection Program (PPP) and Economic Injury Disaster Loan program  (EIDL) funding made available under the CARES Act.   The legislation before us replenishes these funds, and importantly,  sets aside a portion of those funds be deposited in Community  Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs), minority depository  institutions (MDIs), certified development companies, microloan  intermediaries, and State or Federal Credit Unions to ensure that  economically distressed or disadvantaged communities have access to the  capital needed to revive and regenerate their local economies.   Specifically, the legislation before us strengthens the Paycheck  Protection Program with $310 billion in additional funding and $50  billion for SBA disaster lending, translating into more than $350  billion in loans, and $10 billion in SBA disaster grants.   Additionally, and importantly, this legislation directs that $30  billion be deposited in banks and credit unions with less than $10  billion in assets, as well as all Community Development Financial  Institutions (CDFIs), MDIs, certified development companies (CDCs), and  microlenders that are PPP lenders.   Madam Speaker, another reason I strongly support this legislation is  because it provides $75 billion to provide hospitals and health care  workers on the frontlines the necessary resources, especially personal  protective equipment (PPE) to battle the coronavirus pandemic and care  for its victims.   We have all seen the heart-wrenching stories of courageous doctors,  nurses, ambulance drivers, orderlies, and others selflessly striving to  save others while putting themselves in harm's way because of the  severe shortage of PPE.   Madam Speaker, the current president fancies calling himself a ``War  President.''   For anyone who needs reminding, the nation's greatest wartime  presidents made sure that American troops on the frontlines were  trained, equipped, and protected in battle.   I also support this legislation because it provides as I requested  $25 billion for diagnostic testing and contact tracing promised at no  charge to the person.   This funding will help states and local jurisdiction conduct  necessary COVID-19 testing in local jails, juvenile detention centers,  and elsewhere in the criminal justice system.   Testing is the key to reopening the economy and resuming our lives,  and to prevent, prepare for, and respond to coronavirus, domestically  or internationally, for necessary expenses to research, develop,  validate, manufacture, purchase, administer, and expand capacity for  COVID-19 tests to effectively monitor and suppress COVID-19, including  tests for both active infection and 19 prior exposure.   If we cannot see where COVID-19 is within a community, there is no  reliable way to prevent its spread other than quarantine.   If we do not dramatically increase testing, we will remain prisoners  of COVID-19 until we have a vaccine widely available, which is not  expected to occur until early 2021.   Universal testing for COVID-19 is a matter of life and death for  millions of Americans, but it is also a salvation for millions of  others who are living desperate lives behind locked doors.   The liberation of millions hinges on getting testing in every  community so that we can shine a light on where COVID-19 is and where  it is not present.   The lack of testing early on and the continued lack of testing is  costing trillions in lost economic output and it will continue to cost  much more as we struggle to save lives through social distancing and  providing adequate universal access to COVID-19 needed medicines,  equipment, and PPE to protect medical personnel.   Madam Speaker, based on the limited data available to date, it is  clear that African Americans are at higher risk of contracting COVID-19  and experiencing the worst outcomes.   An April 2020 analysis by the Washington Post of available data and  census demographics shows that counties that are majority-black have  three times the rate of infections and almost six times the rate of  deaths as counties where white residents are in the majority.   Madam Speaker, African Americans are 26 percent of the population in  Milwaukee County, Wisconsin but account for 73 percent of COVID-19  related deaths; comparable numbers in Chicago, Illinois and Washington,  D.C. are 32 percent and 46 percent of the population but 67 percent and  58 percent of COVID-19 deaths respectively.   Faced with this grim reality, I am particularly pleased that the  legislation before us directs the Secretary of Health and Human  Services to collect, publicly release, and report to Congress racial  and demographic data on COVID-19 in order to identify and address  racial disparities in the response.   But Madam Speaker, we all recognize the legislation before us is only  an interim measure and more must and will be done to protect our nation  and make our people whole.   In the next supplement to the CARES Act, I look forward to working  with my colleagues to include the following priorities:   1. Hero pay for mass transit workers;   2. Increased childcare direct payment assistance to essential  workers;   3. Additional funding for CDC data collection and research regarding  disparate impact of COVID-19 on African Americans and Latinos;   4. Expanded Medicaid payments to local counties in states that have  not accepted the expanded Medicaid;   5. Medical shelters creating extra COVID-19 hospital beds to be  funded at 100 percent so counties like Harris County in my home state  of Texas is not subsidizing all of its neighboring counties; and   6. Funding for an additional cash distribution of $2,000 per adult  and $500 per child.   Madam Speaker, the occasion demands that we rise, and I urge all  Members to join me in voting to pass the Senate Amendment to H.R. 266,  the Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act.   