 Mr. President, I stand here to honor the life and legacy  of Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg.   In everything Justice Ginsburg did--from her pivotal role in the  fight for gender equality, to her storied legal career, to her serving  on the DC Court of Appeals and, ultimately, as a member of the U.S.  Supreme Court--throughout her life's journey, she used every ounce of  her ability to give voice to the voiceless and build a more just and  equitable world.   Justice Ginsburg was a lion on the bench. She ruled on monumental and  historic cases, and the decisions she made--and even the dissents she  wrote--have shaped this country and set us on a better path.   This remarkable woman inspired countless Americans to fight for the  best of us even when it was hard, even when it was inconvenient. I know  I wouldn't be here without Ruth Bader Ginsburg's leading the way. We  have a responsibility to honor her legacy, her work, and the ethos of  Justice Ginsburg. Part of her legacy was her decision to uphold the  constitutionality of the Affordable Care Act, and we have seen too many  attempts to dismantle this key cornerstone of her legacy.   In my time as Senator, I have met countless Nevadans, and I have had  the chance to speak with Americans from all across the country. I can  say with certainty that there is no issue that matters more to the  American people than their health, especially now.   This administration has worked since day one to take healthcare  coverage and critical protections away from millions of Americans. It  has failed time and again to dismantle the ACA through legislation, and  it has also attempted to destroy and dismantle the ACA through the  courts.   In one of my first actions as a Senator, I co-led and helped to  introduce a resolution to defend the Affordable Care Act's  constitutionality against this administration's assault. In my first  speech on the Senate floor, I called on the Senate to take it up and  pass it. I cannot even begin to count the number of Nevadans who have  shared how they would be affected by the ACA's demise. Everything is at  stake if these individuals and these families are denied access to  care.   Justice Ginsburg's replacement will help to decide whether  individuals with preexisting conditions can be denied coverage and,  thus, be left behind. Let me be clear: What this potentially means is  that any of us with a preexisting condition could no longer obtain  health insurance.   This next Justice will decide if we see an end to the tax credits  that make healthcare coverage affordable for middle-income families.   This next Justice will decide if we see an end to preventive care  without copays.   This next Justice will decide if we see an end to the ability of  young adults, until the age of 26, to stay on their parents' insurance.    This next Justice will decide if we see an end to expanded Medicaid  benefits, which have helped over 200,000 Nevadans get coverage.   This next Justice is going to decide who has healthcare during an  unprecedented and deadly pandemic that has already, tragically, taken  the lives of over 200,000 Americans.   This next Justice will also decide if the nearly 7 million Americans  who have already tested positive for COVID can be denied healthcare  coverage because they contracted a disease that this administration  initially ignored and has been unable or unwilling to combat with a  national plan.   So much hangs in the balance for the American people. Millions could  lose healthcare because of this Supreme Court pick. We could go back to  a world in which people with preexisting conditions could not afford to  pay for lifesaving medicine or treatment. Using the courts to take away  the American people's healthcare, especially at this moment in our  Nation's history, is not only cruel--it is dangerous.   Amid a global pandemic and the worst economy in generations, our top  priority right now should be the needs of the American people--the  relief and care that matches the urgency of this crisis. We cannot  afford to play political games or to threaten the American people's  health coverage when they need it the most. The American people deserve  better. They deserve the stability and security of healthcare coverage  for themselves and their loved ones.   I ask that my colleagues truly listen to the American people, who  need us now more than ever.   I had hoped that my Republican colleagues would have honored their  own precedent in this process--the McConnell rule--and ensured that the  American people would have their say at the ballot box before filling  any vacancy. Instead of political gamesmanship, I ask that my  colleagues honor the dignity of our democratic institutions and the  health of the American people.   In 2015, when asked how she would like to be remembered, Justice  Ginsburg responded: ``As someone who . . . [helped] repair tears in her  society, to make things a little better through the use of whatever  ability she has.''   That is how she wanted to be remembered.   We, too, have the ability to repair tears in our democracy, and we,  too, have the ability to make sure things are better for all Americans  by ensuring that their health remains protected.   I urge my colleagues to follow Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg's example  and honor her life and her life's work.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   