 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for arranging this  Special Order hour.   I stand before you today frustrated by the lack of Federal relief as  COVID-19 surges across the country. With each day that we don't have  relief for families, businesses, our frontline workers, and the State  and local governments that have borne the brunt of the pandemic  response, its impact grows that much more disastrous--and  disproportionately so for our communities of color.   More than a quarter of my constituents are Black, and we now know  that Black individuals are almost three times as likely to become  infected with COVID-19 as White individuals and twice as likely to die  of the virus. So over the past 9 months my district has seen families  and neighborhoods devastated by this virus.    My district is also home to our Nation's poorest and hungriest major  city. When you live paycheck to paycheck, one missed shift or even  missing an hour's worth of work forces families to make impossible  decisions between putting food on the table or keeping a roof overhead,  and it makes quarantining impossible.   For the most part these are not new challenges caused by COVID-19,  these are challenges that have been plaguing our most marginalized  communities and communities of color for decades. But the pandemic has  exacerbated and laid bare these inequities for all who care enough to  see. It is why we must provide relief to help our communities survive  the pandemic and commit to closing the gaps preexisting the pandemic  that have been holding families back for far too long.   Our families are in crisis. They need stimulus checks to pay their  rent and mortgages. They need access to free testing to protect  themselves and their families. They also need food and childcare and  access to equitable education, housing, healthcare, and wages.   This pandemic has shown us there is a roadmap to improving the lives  of millions of Americans, especially our communities of color, but we  must have the courage to follow it.   