 Mr. President, will the Senator from South Dakota  yield for a question?    Mr. President, I want to just start by saying amen to  everything the Senator has said.   I listened to his words carefully, and I hear a great deal of caution  in his words about actions that the Senate may take as a body that  would be in response to perhaps short-term gain or immediate political  gain--but a gain that could be finite.   Over the course of the years that I have been in the Senate, I, too,  have shared the same frustration about legislation that I cared deeply  about that I believe had been blocked. Our parliamentarian rules have  actually worked to delay things unnecessarily or oftentimes delayed  things to the point where they never came to fruition. I have seen the  frustration. I also see the benefit of being more methodical, of being  that cooling saucer in the process of governance and particularly good  governance.   But the words that you used are very, very cautionary. It is as if  you are suggesting that if we change the filibuster rules, we will, in  effect, have changed the institution of the Senate going forward and  have changed the institution so that it is, perhaps, just a smaller  body than the House but subject to the same rules, where those who have  the most votes on one side win.   My question to the Senator from South Dakota is, Do you believe that  a change in the filibuster rules here in the U.S. Senate would be  permanently detrimental to the institution of the Senate going forward?    I thank the Senator from South Dakota.   I would hope that on a matter as significant as what we are talking  about, which is effectively the operational integrity of this  institution, there would be good, thorough open discussion and debate  on this floor and amongst floor Members.   But the concerns we are hearing that there are efforts on the outside  of this body that would push us to change our rules and do so in a way  that could permanently erode and undercut the ability of the U.S.  Senate to operate as intended would be, I believe, a travesty.   Thank you.    Mr. President, will the Senator yield for one last  question?    Mr. President, to follow the Senator from South  Dakota's comments about using the tool that would effectively blow up  the Senate, if you will--these are not words that we use freely, but I  think it is fair to suggest that utilizing this tool that would  eliminate the filibuster, that would eliminate, really, the strongest  tool for a minority party, is akin to the nuclear option. We use that  term around here in legislative prose.   I would agree with much of what you have said. You and I have served  on the Appropriations Committee now for years. We have had an  opportunity to be engaged in good, substantive debates that have  yielded good, substantive, enduring laws.   As I think about our role around here, it is not just to engage in  the partisan message of the day; it is actually to enact laws. But when  we enact laws that are good for just one party, that are wholly  partisan, you can kind of predict the direction that will be taken when  that minority party that voted against that particular policy then  regains power and takes the majority and then attempts to overturn  whatever that policy may be.   When we think about ways that we can help an economy that is  struggling right now, one of the things that I am hearing from  businesses is this: The one thing we would really like out of  Washington, DC, the one thing we would really like is some level of  certainty with policies, that it is not kind of this whiplash, back and  forth from one administration to the next.   Well, the way you do that is through a level of consensus. As we  know, on this floor right now, where it is still pretty quiet,  consensus has been harder and harder to achieve on a bipartisan basis.  Maybe this is a place in time where we are, and it is just dark. As our  friend John McCain would say: It is always darkest before it goes  pitch-black. Well, maybe we are getting close to the pitch-black. One  can only hope.   But I do hear your words that the status quo is not acceptable. I  agree with you, my friend. It is not acceptable. It is not acceptable  that we are in that place where we can't get votes on amendments that  are legitimate and pertinent to the legislation that we have.   I am trying to advance an energy bill right now, to get to final  passage, and we are going through the procedural hurdles. I will work  through those. But we are at a point where, as an institution, I  believe we are failing. We are failing the American public. We are  failing our constituents. We are failing in our role in governing.   I do think that when people look to the anxiety that is at play right  now with our national elections, with a Presidential election that is  as volatile as we have seen, if there is some level of comfort and  security that they might have, they might think that just maybe the  Congress, maybe the Senate, can get its act together and be working  together.   So I hear you. The status quo is not acceptable. I am not one who is  going to say we can't change any of the rules, but we have to do  better. Whether it is behavioral attitudes that need to change or  whether we need to work together to change the rules, that is where we  should be, not unilaterally bomb-throwing, not unilaterally making the  decision that is going to benefit our party today, and then when we  lose the majority, we will deal with it later. We owe it to the Senate  and we owe it to the country to do better.   I appreciate this back-and-forth today. I would welcome other  colleagues to join us. I would hope that we look very, very closely at  where we are right now because we are using our own rules to do damage  to the institution of the Senate.   So let's not take the last tool that holds us in check--this  filibuster--and throw it away as well because we will regret it. In the  meantime, let's figure out what we can be doing as Democrats and  Republicans to do better for the institution of the Senate and do  better for the American people.   I apologize. That wasn't by way of a question; it was occupying the  time of the Senator from Illinois. But I think we have a lot of work to  do here, and I hope we are able to do it together.   I yield the floor.   