 Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my amendment No. 6 to  H.R. 2639, the Strength in Diversity Act. This amendment would allow  State education agencies to apply for the grants provided under this  bill and would require these agencies to have procedures in place to  assess and to prevent the redrawing of school district lines in a  manner that increases racial or socioeconomic isolation.   Specifically, agencies applying for grants will have to demonstrate  procedures to, number one, assess and prevent redrawing of school  district lines that increase isolation; number two, assess segregation  impacts of new school construction proposals and prioritize  construction funding that will increase integration; and, number three,  identify progress toward reduction of racial and economic isolation in  their State plans.   Mr. Speaker, diversity is our strength, and ensuring equity in our  education systems will benefit all students and school districts across  this Nation.   I am a parent, a grandparent, and a former teacher. I know that  access to a good education is the key to determining one's future, and  each child deserves equal opportunity to that promise. Yet, we are  reminded every day that we have a racial and economic divide in this  country that leaves too many children behind.   This amendment is about good government and about equitable  education, giving all children the opportunities they deserve while  also ensuring the prevention of school secessions, which usually create  wealthy White enclaves separated from more diverse communities.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I am a little puzzled by those remarks. After  all, the Allen amendment sought some rather drastic changes to ESEA,  but that didn't seem to generate that same comment.   We all know that equal educational opportunities enrich us all, and  they are the right of all and lead to better financial outcomes later  in life.   Though we need to collectively do better across this Nation in  increasing diversity in our educational systems, my home State of  Pennsylvania, in particular, demonstrates the need for greater action.   According to a 2015 report by the UCLA Civil Rights Project, the  amount of majority-minority and intensely segregated schools statewide  more than doubled, 21 percent and 11 percent, respectively, over two  decades.   In fact, 17 percent of Philadelphia schools have a student body that  is 99 percent to 100 percent minority students. Also, in the  Philadelphia metro area, a typical Black and Latino student attended a  school with, respectively, 71 percent or 68 percent low-income  students, while a typical White student attended a school with only 21  percent low-income students.   This is a problem. These inequities isolate and segregate students,  which in turn separate our communities, limit student growth, and hurt  the educational resources in highly segregated schools.   Our schools are meant to serve all students equally, no matter their  race, ethnicity, or socioeconomic status. Without adequate educational  resources, students do not have the necessary tools to perform to the  best of their abilities and to further their education. This not only  hurts students who are racially or socioeconomically isolated; it hurts  us all because America works best when we all succeed.   Despite Pennsylvania's need for further action to combat these  problems, there is promise and hope in the fact that my State has shown  real change can happen. From the early sixties to the late nineties,  there were intentional desegregation efforts that resulted in evidence- based decreases in segregation. New, competitive grants to State  agencies would direct resources to States looking to advance and  support these efforts moving forward.   Mr. Speaker, I want to close by saying that I thank Chairman Scott  and Representative Fudge for their leadership.   I urge Members to support this amendment.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   