 Mr. President, first, let me recognize and thank Senator  Grassley for his extraordinary leadership on an issue that matters so  greatly to the American people, and that is the high cost of  prescription drugs. His persistence has produced the Prescription Drug  Pricing Reduction Act, a far-reaching set of bold proposals that I  strongly endorse and that build on the work I have done as the chairman  of the Senate Aging Committee.   More than half of all Americans and 90 percent of our seniors take at  least one prescription drug each month. We should be able to work  together to help the American people--particularly our seniors--on an  issue that affects their health and their finances. No senior should be  faced with the choice of buying food they need, paying a bill for the  oil to heat their home, or buying their prescription drug.   I remember very well being in line at the pharmacy in Bangor, ME, and  the couple in front of me found out that their copay was $113. The  husband looked at his wife and he said: Honey, we just can't afford  that. They left the prescription that one of them needed that was  prescribed by their doctor there on the pharmacy counter. When I asked  the pharmacist how often this happens, he said: Each and every day.  Every day.   That is why we should be working together to pass Senator Grassley's  bill, as well as many of the other bipartisan bills that you have heard  described today, including legislation that I have advocated to improve  the lives of millions of Americans. This goal surely should be beyond  partisan politics.   In just the last year, three Senate committees advanced legislation  to reform our flawed drug-pricing system. I can't think of anything  else that we buy where the price is less transparent and is more opaque  than prescription drugs.   The Finance Committee's bill, the Prescription Drug Pricing Reduction  Act, which I am proud to cosponsor, would make crucial improvements. As  Senator Cassidy just ably explained, one of the most important  improvements is to Medicare Part D. It would protect our seniors with  an out-of-pocket spending limit. It would also include cost-control  measures, such as an inflationary cap to limit price hikes. We have  made some progress in this area.   I have authored legislation that is making a difference for patients.  One of the laws I authored bans gag clauses that had prohibited  pharmacists from informing their customers if there were a less  expensive way to purchase their prescription drug. Amazingly enough,  sometimes it is cheaper to pay out-of-pocket than to use your insurance  card--not something that most consumers would ever realize unless the  pharmacist informed him or her.   My bill also updates a 2003 law requiring drug manufacturers to  notify the Federal Trade Commission of patent settlement agreements,  giving the agency greater visibility into whether they include tactics  such as anti-competitive reverse payments that slow or defeat the  introduction of lower cost drugs. Another law I authored is helping to  bring lower cost generics to the marketplace more quickly by expediting  their approval by the FDA.   But clearly there is more that we must do. At a time when economic  and health security are more linked than ever, Congress has an  opportunity to deliver a decisive victory in lowering costs for  patients.   In addition to the Finance Committee package, the HELP Committee  bill--I serve on the HELP Committee, which is chaired by Senator  Alexander--incorporated more than 14 bipartisan measures to increase  price competition, including portions of a bill that I introduced with  Senator Tim Kaine, the Biologic Patent Transparency Act, which is  intended to prevent drug manufacturers from gaming the patent system.   Patents are important to encourage the development of earth-breaking,  groundbreaking new pharmaceuticals, but the system should not be gamed  so that when the patent is about to expire, a host of new patents are  filed on the medication in order to block a lower cost generic from  coming to market.   In October, the Institute for Clinical and Economic Review published  its first annual report on unjustified price increases of prescription  drugs in our country. It should surprise no one that HUMIRA, the poster  child for patent gaming, led the list. HUMIRA's price increased by  nearly 16 percent from 2017 to 2018, costing American patients and  insureds an extra $1.86 billion. Why do we want to wait any longer, and  how did HUMIRA do it? It once again put up  [[Page S4395]]  this patent thicket--its manufacturer did--in order to block the lower  price biosimilar.   The Judiciary Committee has advanced bills that empower the Federal  Trade Commission to take more aggressive action on drug pricing. This  year, the FTC charged the infamous Martin Shkreli with a scheme to  increase the price of the lifesaving drug Daraprim by more than 4,000  percent overnight, which was the focus of an Aging Committee  investigation that I led with former Senator Claire McCaskill in 2016.   Floor consideration should also allow for action on other important  prescription drug bills, such as legislation that Senator Jeanne  Shaheen and I have authored to eliminate incentives that create price  hikes, distorting the insulin market. Insulin has been around for 100  years. I realize there is fast-acting and slow-acting insulin, but  there is no excuse for the skyrocketing price of insulin.   There is another bill that I cosponsored, introduced by Senators  Klobuchar and Grassley, that would end pay-for-delay schemes.   We must come together on prescription drug legislation without  further delay. Three committees have produced strong bipartisan bills,  and we should proceed to act and pass this legislation.   