 Mr. President, it is always wonderful to work with my  friend and colleague from Ohio, and certainly we share a tremendous  partnership and passion about our Great Lakes.   For us in Michigan, we are a peninsula. We are surrounded by the  Great Lakes, and we really believe it is about our way of life. My  friend has talked about the fishing industry and the boating industry.  There are 40 million people who get their drinking water from the Great  Lakes Basin. We have more lighthouses all around Michigan, actually,  than any other shoreline has in the country. We say we have the ocean  without the salt, and it is very much in our DNA for us in Michigan.   As the Senator from Ohio indicated, the Great Lakes Restoration  Initiative focuses on a number of things that deal with water quality,  stopping the spread of Asian carp and other invasive species, and  restoring the shoreline from any future contaminations.   I have to say, as a personal point of pride, in 2010, I authored the  Great Lakes Restoration Initiative as a member of the Senate Committee  on the Budget, and since that time, we have funded 5,449 different  projects throughout the entire region of the Great Lakes, including 880  projects in Michigan. And we have seen tangible results.    As Senator Portman has indicated, this is a partnership, public- private. It is with local communities. It is with State governments. It  is the Federal Government.   We, in Michigan, have passed four areas of concern that have been  labeled because of the seriousness of what was happening to the water  and the water quality. They have now been removed from those areas of  concern, where the communities worked together using Great Lakes  Restoration funding and working with the communities, and they have  been delisted, which is a good thing. That means things have improved.  You can fish again. You can swim again. You can enjoy the water again.  And so we are seeing tremendous, tangible results from what we have  been able to do together.   And it is also important to note that for every $1 we put into  investment through this important program, it produces $3 in economic  return.   So it is fiscally responsible. It is responsible stewardship for all  of us in protecting the fresh waters of our country. What we are doing  in this legislation, basically, would allow us, over the next 5 years,  to raise the authorization level back up to where it started in 2010.  It has been up and down, and up and down, and up and down, and this  would allow us to be able, within the next 5 years, to get that  authorization back up to where it was. So we do have the support of the  body.   Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Committee on Environment and Public Works be discharged from  further consideration of H.R. 4031 and the Senate proceed to its  immediate consideration.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, thank you very much. Let me say again  what a pleasure it is to work with my friend from Ohio.   