 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to talk a little bit  about what is happening in Nevada. Last week, I had the opportunity to  be home, and I went to one of our mobile food banks in East Las Vegas  just before Thanksgiving. The mobile food bank is one of our food  pantries throughout the State of Nevada, and this particular one is run  by Three Square. I arrived around 8 a.m. in the morning to a line of  cars waiting at the site. That line sometimes gets so long, police have  to direct traffic around it. Literally, they lined up at 3 a.m. The  food pantry doesn't even open until 7 or 8 in the morning, but they  were there at 3 a.m., around the block, in their cars to stay safe from  the COVID-19 pandemic. There were over 350 of them throughout that  morning. That is not unusual with what is happening in Nevada right  now. That is not unusual, and it should be, but because this pandemic  has hit Nevada and so many States so hard, we are seeing the  consequences of inaction by this body in the Senate.   As I got there that morning, I imagined those people in the middle of  the night with their lights and power off in their cars to save fuel in  the cold desert night. And they waited patiently. They were quiet  because they knew assistance would be there when morning came. And  sometimes that food runs out for those many people who are waiting, and  then they have to come the next day. But because of the inaction in  this Chamber, most Nevadans who are hurting don't have that reassurance  that there will be immediate, swift relief for them because they don't  know when Federal help will come. Lifeline organizations like Three  Square, which are working tirelessly to help families fill the gaps,  are running out of resources.   It has been 223 days since the Senate last approved funds to help all  Americans endure this once-in-a-lifetime catastrophe. Meanwhile, too  many people in Nevada are languishing in the dark, hoping for economic  assistance that still hasn't arrived   In Nevada, we continue to have the second highest unemployment rate  in the country at 12 percent. That is almost twice the national rate.  Unemployment is so high in Nevada because of the coronavirus pandemic.  It has stopped conventions, entertainment, hospitality, and travel  operations in the Silver State and across the country. In August, in  Nevada, employment in travel and tourism was down 25 percent over last  year. Nationwide, spending on travel has declined by 42 percent  compared to 2019. As a result, there are 60 percent fewer travelers to  McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas and 50 percent fewer  travelers to Las Vegas itself. The American Hotel and Lodging  Association estimates that without more funding, nearly 70 percent of  hotels may close by the end of this year.   Because of the devastation to what had been a thriving hospitality  industry in Nevada, many of the jobs aren't there right now, and too  many workers in Nevada can't pay their bills. More than 175,000 people  in the Silver State continue to claim unemployment insurance. People  without jobs are struggling right now to pay rent or mortgages or  healthcare.   Let me tell you, housing assistance from the CARES Act helped tens of  thousands of Nevadans and millions of Americans keep a roof over their  heads. That was legislation we passed immediately in a bipartisan way-- one of four. But those funds have run out. They are gone, and they need  to be replaced. When the limited CDC eviction moratorium expires on  January 1, Nevada is bracing for 250,000 to 400,000 possible evictions.  That is more than 20 times the national number of evictions in 2019.   Families and seniors can't get enough to eat. In August and  September, 234,000 Nevadans said their households were experiencing  food insecurity. That is 11 percent of Nevada households going hungry-- the second largest share in the country. One hundred and twenty-nine  thousand said that the children in their homes didn't have enough food.   The longer we delay passing additional economic relief, the more  jeopardy we create for our entire economy, nationwide. Don't take my  word for it; just listen to Chairman Powell of the Federal Reserve, who  has been saying this over and over again--most recently in a hearing in  the Banking Committee, which I am a member of.   The Senate must do more to help people not just in my home State but  across the country, especially now, as case counts are climbing. We are  only months away from being able to give the population at large  immunity to this deadly virus. We have to do everything we can to help  people get to that time, to ensure that for the coming months, Nevadans  can stay in their homes, they can take care of their kids, they can  keep their businesses running, knowing that they will have an  opportunity to open them in the future, and they can protect themselves  from this virus. The only way to do that is to get them the relief they  need now.   That relief simply has to include more money for State, local, and  Tribal governments, which have had to cut back on critical services in  the middle of a pandemic.   It should include extended unemployment benefits and pandemic  unemployment assistance, as well as more loans for our small businesses  and for PPP.   It must have housing assistance to prevent a wave of homelessness and  illness.   It should do more to protect workers, fund education, and stave off  hunger for families.   It also needs to include billions that States have asked for to help  with vaccine distribution. We are going to be rolling out millions of  doses of vaccines, all of which will need to be stored, handled, and  tracked across 50 States. Healthcare workers not just in Nevada but  across the country will  [[Page S7194]]  need training to administer the vaccine, and the public needs education  about vaccine safety and access.   We have witnessed an amazing feat of human ingenuity in developing a  vaccine faster than we have ever done it before, but the Federal  Government and this Chamber still haven't set money aside to make sure  that vaccines get to those who need it.   It also has to include money for testing and tracing so that we can  contain spread of this virus and get more people back to work.   Nobody should be standing in the way of a comprehensive, bipartisan  relief package to help Americans hold out until they can get the  vaccines we know are coming. They need relief now. That is why I  support the bipartisan proposal that our colleagues in the Senate put  together just recently.   That proposal, which they look at in a comprehensive way for all of  our States, includes money for State, local, and Tribal governments. It  includes additional unemployment insurance. It supports funding for  small businesses, including the Paycheck Protection Program, EIDL  disaster loans, restaurants, stages, and deductibility. What I mean by  stages are the live events in the hospitality industry that have been  so devastated and have not received any relief during the time we have  appropriated funds to address the pandemic. It includes CDFI, community  lender support. It includes transportation--our airlines, our airports,  our buses, our transit, Amtrak--and our workers there. It includes  vaccine development and distribution and testing and tracing. It  includes money for healthcare provider relief. It includes money for  education, for student loans, and, yes, housing assistance and rental  assistance that is needed now. It also includes money for nutrition,  for the food insecurity that I just talked about that I witnessed that  morning in Las Vegas and that we hear about constantly, not just in  Nevada but across this country. It includes money for childcare, for  broadband, for the U.S. Postal Service--so many things.   It was well reasoned and compromised and thought out, and it was our  colleagues coming together--Republicans and Democrats coming together-- for the best interests of this country.   I will tell you, we do not need unanimous support for this proposal.  What we need is a vote on the floor of the Senate. That is why I am  asking Mitch McConnell to allow this proposal to come to the floor of  the Senate for a vote. If some of my colleagues don't want to support  any more relief, then they don't have to vote for it. But I would  guarantee and I would suspect that there are more than enough of my  colleagues on both sides of aisle who want to pass relief for the many  Americans across this country in our States who are suffering right  now, but they have to be given the opportunity.   I get that right now, there is only one person who gets to decide  what goes on the floor of the Senate. I don't agree with that, but that  is the way the rules are set. Mitch McConnell decides every single day  what legislation comes to the floor of the Senate, what can be debated,  what amendments can come. I have watched this for years as Mitch  McConnell, instead of including the Democrats in bipartisan negotiation  on some of these important bills, puts them together behind closed  doors, with only Republicans and maybe the current administration, and  then puts them on the floor of the Senate for the first time; bypasses  our committee hearings, where there is bipartisan support, usually, for  bills; bypasses that and puts it on the floor of the Senate without any  compromise, without any of the Democrats' involvement, and expects us  to vote for it, and then holds the Democrats accountable--accountable-- because we didn't have the opportunity to fight for our States and put  important funding in there for State and local government, for  broadband, for our healthcare workers, for our hospitality industry-- you name it. That is not the way the Senate should be operating. You  know that, and I know that.   We have to get back to a time when we compromise, when we all come  representing our States. We all have equal votes. There are two of us  from each State. We are fighting for our constituents and our States,  and we should be able to have that debate, that conversation, on the  floor of the Senate in a fair manner. That is why I ask Mitch McConnell  to allow a vote on this proposal.    I had the opportunity to watch one of my colleagues talk about this.  I absolutely agree with him, Senator Angus King. He said: I sit in  these committees, in these bipartisan committees, and I vote for relief  for disasters, hurricane disasters, fire disasters--fires in the  Western States where I come from and where you know so well that the  fires are devastating our Western States. But for the hurricanes that  happen in Texas, Florida--you name it--I vote for relief because I know  those constituents in those States are suffering. I don't look at them  as blue States or red States. I look at them as Americans who are in  need right now, and I am going to support that relief.   Why are we doing that with this coronavirus relief package? I do not  understand. It is not what the American people expect of us. It is not  what they want, and it is not what they deserve. I cannot stress this  enough: It is time for the Senate to get back to work on behalf of the  American public. That means that we are willing to compromise. That  means we are willing to do what is right and what is needed in our  communities because I can guarantee you, any one of us who goes home to  our State--we are all suffering; we all see it. That is what the  American people expect of us.   I hope Mitch McConnell allows a vote on the floor for this bipartisan  compromise that the Senators have worked on.   I yield the floor.   