 Madam President, I am here today to support my  colleagues and our cause to keep Americans in their homes. It is very  simple. The House has already passed a number of bills to do just that,  and the Senate needs to do the same thing.   In this pandemic, housing is healthcare. I know that a lot of  Americans have had their lives upended by this coronavirus pandemic,  but I would like you to imagine for a moment how much more chaotic your  life would feel if you found out that tomorrow you are going to be  evicted. Imagine trying to make sure you are washing your hands while  you are living in your car.   We are in the middle of a public health crisis where we need people  to be socially distancing, and that means they simply must have a safe,  stable place to be at the end of the day.   We realized this months ago in my State, and that is why Governor  Sisolak put a hold on evicting residents through August 31 of this  year.   And Congress? Well, we passed the CARES Act to provide unemployment  benefits and one-time relief. Those funds, plus the ban on evictions,  were intended to help keep families in their homes.   We are 60 days away from resuming evictions in Nevada. In my State  and across the country, the wave of evictions we have been holding off  for a month is going to come crashing down if we do not act now.   Nevada has the highest unemployment rate in the entire country. In  May, it was over 25 percent--as high as the national rate during the  worst of the Great Depression. On top of that, some Nevadans haven't  yet received their unemployment benefits or their pandemic unemployment  benefits.   Across the country, almost half of workers earning under $40,000 a  year have lost income. Some people just don't have the ability to fully  pay for the rent or mortgage, particularly when we are asking them to  shelter in place.   The thing is, in Nevada, we were already in the midst of a housing  crisis even before this pandemic hit us. Almost half of Nevadans are  renters. That is 45 percent. Of those renters, half are cost-burdened  in some way, meaning that they pay more than 30 percent of their income  in rent.   Now, the Silver State has the biggest shortage in the country of  affordable housing for the very lowest income Nevadans. We have just 19  units for every 100 that we need.   Eviction isn't just a matter of spending a few days scrambling to  find a new place. The financial consequences can follow families for  years, and as for the effects on children's physical and mental health,  well, there is no way to undo that.   Believe me. I know. The foreclosure crisis hit Nevada in 2008, and I  saw up close the pain that caused throughout my State when people were  evicted from their homes. Lenders took the homes of more than 219,000  Nevada families during that period of time. That is why it is so vital  that we pass legislation now to help Nevadans and people all across the  country pay their rent and utility bills when they cannot safely go to  work.   I support Senator Brown's Emergency Rental Assistance and Rental  Market Stabilization Act, as well as other bills introduced by my  colleagues to keep homeowners in their homes. These bills provide  essential stability to the rental and mortgage market.   We can't expect landlords to keep shouldering the burden of missed  payments. Landlords have bills to pay, as well--mortgages, taxes,  insurance, and staff. Without assistance from us, many of them may go  bankrupt or can be forced to sell their properties.   Experts estimate that Nevada is going to need nearly $1 billion in  rental assistance to keep families housed this year. Landlords can't  lift the load and neither can State budgets that are already stretched  too thin.   So let's focus here on the essentials, the basic need for things like  shelter. Let's keep people safe and off the streets. Let's pass Senator  Brown's rental assistance bill, Senator Reed's housing assistance fund  bill to help homeowners avoid foreclosure, and Senator Menendez's  housing counseling bill, and the others we need to prevent an epidemic  of homelessness.   Across the Nation people are responding to the pandemic by staying at  home because we asked them to do so. Now the Senate needs to do its  part by making sure those homes are safe and stable so that Nevadans  can continue to teach their children, care for loved ones who are ill,  and avoid spreading coronavirus to others. In the midst of a global  pandemic, housing is healthcare, and we owe this to each other. So  let's act now on behalf of the American public and American families.   I yield the floor.   