 Mr. President, I want to commend the Senator from  Maryland, the ranking member on the Senate Small Business and  Entrepreneurship Committee, for bringing this legislation forward this  evening.   I also want to commend my neighbor from New England, Senator Shaheen.  Senator Cardin and Senator Shaheen, along with the chairman of the  committee, Senator Rubio, and I crafted the Paycheck Protection Program  that has literally been a lifeline to small businesses and their  employees throughout this country.   More than 4.8 million loans have been made under this program. These  are forgivable loans. As long as the small business, the employer, uses  the percentage that is established now at 60 percent in order to pay  for his or her employees, then the loan, at the end of the day, is  forgiven.   This has made the difference between a small business shuttering its  doors forever, laying off its employees permanently, and surviving this  pandemic. Small businesses do not want to lay off their employees.  Their employees are their family members, their friends, their  neighbors. They are committed to them. They are committed to their  communities.   Through no fault of their own, the pandemic has led to government- issued orders that have closed businesses down or their customer base  has simply dried up. As a result, these small businesses were facing  extreme cashflow problems, with no liquidity, and were unable to keep  their businesses going without the assistance from the PPP.   I am proud of what we have been able to do. I know the difference  that it has made in the State of Maine, where more than 26,000 small  businesses--that is almost 75 percent of small businesses in our  State--have received more than $2.2 billion worth of forgivable loans.  That is equal to nearly half of the entire State budget for the State  of Maine.   Those forgivable loans have sustained paychecks for nearly 200,000  employees in my State. It has allowed small businesses to retain  employees; it has allowed them to recall employees; and it has allowed  them to send paychecks to employees who have been furloughed due to a  lack of work.   Most of all, it has kept that bond between the small business  employer and his or her employees intact so that, as restrictions are  lifted and as the economy reopens, the small business and its workforce  can be quickly reunited. That benefits every community in this country.   So I am very pleased that the legislation that we brought to the  Senate floor under the leadership of Senator Cardin tonight has been  approved so that we don't see an interruption in this program.   I, too, understand the concerns raised by Senator Scott. In our  negotiations on a phase 2 program of the PPP, we are looking at having  a revenue test, and I think that is likely to be a provision included  in the next stage of this program.   But in the meantime, let us make sure that we continue our efforts to  keep our small businesses alive and paychecks flowing to their  employees.   I look forward to continuing the negotiations with my colleagues. I  want  [[Page S4026]]  to thank Senator Cardin, Senator Shaheen, and Senator Rubio for their  extraordinary leadership, and it has been a great pleasure to work with  them on such a concrete program that has made literally the difference  between going out of business and surviving this terrible pandemic.   Let me end, as Senator Shaheen did, with a story of a small business  in the tourism industry in my State. This is an innkeeper who has run  an inn that has been in her husband's family for generations.   In the month of June, usually--and last year--her occupancy rate is  94 percent. This June, it was 6 percent--6 percent. When I saw her, she  told me that but for the Paycheck Protection Program, her business  would not be in operation. She was able to keep all of her year-round  staff employed because of the PPP. I think it is obvious that this  business, like so many others, is going to need additional help to  survive this pandemic. And that is what we must do.   I yield the floor.   