 Mr. Speaker, America is grateful for Mrs. Lowey's years  of honorable, dedicated, and enlightened service. We will so miss her  leadership, bright smile, and affable nature.   I would also like to thank Ranking Member Simpson, who has been a  constant and truly valued partner, as well as our wonderful  subcommittee staff: Jaime Shimek, Scott McKee, Mark Arnone, Farouk  Ophaso, and Mike Brain, who have labored tirelessly to produce this  bill.   The Energy and Water division of this bill captures the American  spirit of ingenuity and national energy independence. It provides the  foundation of critical investments to meet the challenge of climate  change, to which $12 billion, or 24 percent of our overall bill, is  dedicated. Without question, our Energy and Water bill is this year's  most important climate change legislation, with our overall bill  dedicated to sustaining life on Earth.   Instead of the President's shortsighted and devastating cuts, our  bill invests in the future to meet serious national priorities: real  jobs, as we achieve building back better by providing $7.8 billion for  the tremendous Army Corps of Engineers, $145 million above 2020; real  innovation to invest into the future in partnership with our  universities and private-sector innovators; providing $39.6 billion for  the Department of Energy, $1 billion above 2020; real security within  the Department of Energy, as we responsibly fund a nuclear deterrent  while boosting nonproliferation.    Mr. Speaker, we achieve real impact, as our bill  increases the Department's Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy  program, ARPA-E, Advanced Energy Research, and the Office of Science.   In sum, the Energy and Water division of this bill invests in  innovative programs to yield future opportunities for new-age jobs.   I don't support the cuts in the ATVM program related to advanced  technology for vehicles, but I will say that I support the legislation  overall and believe that our bill is needed more than ever to heal our  Nation and advance our leadership globally.   