 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R.  7327, the Child Care for Economic Recovery Act.   In my State of Alabama, 52 percent of the supply of childcare is  projected to be lost as a result of this pandemic. This is a crisis  that is not only dire today but may hold lasting damage in our  communities without bold actions.   We know, Madam Speaker, that the pandemic has disproportionately  affected African-American communities and that so often Black workers  are on the front lines of being essential workers, especially Black  women. They are in greater need of safe, affordable childcare.   At the same time, there are many more that are likely to live in  underserved and rural communities that simply do not have childcare  options.   I am proud that this bill will make important investments in our  childcare system, including making the child care tax credit fully  refundable, expanding funds for the Child Care Entitlement to States  program, and expanding childcare tax incentives. These bold investments  are critical for the well-being of working parents and their children,  especially in underserved communities that I represent.   I urge the passage of this bill. Let's protect our children by making  sure they have adequate childcare.    Madam Speaker, I rise again to honor the life  and legacy of John Robert Lewis, a civil rights hero, mentor, and dear  friend.   It is rare that you grow up to meet your hero and rarer still that  you get to befriend them.   Growing up in Selma, Alabama, and a lifelong member of Brown Chapel  AME Church, year after year, I would sit and marvel at those foot  soldiers coming to my church to reenact that Bloody Sunday. There was  Coretta Scott King and Joseph Lowery. There was Amelia Boynton  Robinson, but, of course, there was John Lewis.   Never in my wildest dreams did I think that I would grow up and  become Alabama's first Black congresswoman and not only walk the halls  with John Lewis but get to sit on the same committee with John Lewis.   John was a slice of home for me in Congress. You see, looking into  his eyes, I would see home, and all I would want to do is emulate home.  John was a chief deputy whip, so I wanted to be a chief deputy whip.  John was on the Ways and Means Committee. Sounded good to me.   John was always allowing people to radiate in his smile and in his  light. He could never talk about voting rights--if I were within  earshot, he would say: ``And Terri Sewell represents Selma. Where is  Terri?'' And we would laugh. Those private moments were so precious to  me. Those are the moments that I will cherish.   When I would call him the boy from Troy, he would call me the girl  from Selma. We would laugh at how far our State had come, how far our  Nation had come. I would say: ``But, John, we have so much more to  do.'' He would remind me that the better days of our Nation were ahead  of it.   I don't know how I will continue to fight for the right to vote and  restore the Voting Rights Act that he shed a little blood on a bridge  in my hometown for, but I know that I am not alone, that John has sowed  seeds of hope and inspiration into so many of us.   We are all disciples of John, and we all owe it to him to pick up  that mantle and to continue the march, the march toward a more perfect  Union.   For, you see, John has sowed seeds in all of us. Can't you hear him?  Just close your eyes. If you see something that is unjust, unfair, you  have a moral obligation to do something about it, to get in the way.   Never give up. Never give in. Keep the faith. Keep your eyes on the  prize.   Rest in peace, my friend. Know that we all will pick up that mantle  and continue your march.   