 Mr. Speaker, as chair of the  Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus, I am here to say that we  have reached another terrible milestone. Just yesterday, the number of  COVID-19 cases in our country surpassed 11 million. One million of  those cases came in just the last week alone.   The coronavirus is spreading at a rapid rate, and while hospitals and  healthcare providers in all 50 States are overwhelmed, there is still  no plan to contain it. The failure to contain the coronavirus has let  it spread within every State and community.   Almost one-third of Americans know someone who has died from COVID- 19, and yet we are still hearing false claims, including from some of  my colleagues on the other side of this Chamber, that masks don't work  and that gathering in large groups indoors is safe.   The message that we can or should live with this virus is a denial of  the hundreds of thousands of Americans who are sick or who have died  from this virus already, and it is condemning thousands more to die as  well.   But not everyone is impacted equally. While all of us are susceptible  to the virus, communities of color have been disproportionately  impacted by the Trump administration's inaction. Now that we know more  about this virus, we can see who is paying more for it.   Native Hawaiians and Pacific Islanders have seen cases surge in their  communities and continue to face some of the highest COVID-19 infection  and mortality rates out of any of the racial groups in several States,  including in my own State of California.   And new data shows that Asian Americans are also dying from COVID-19  at a disproportionate rate, with deaths in the Asian-American community  nationwide increasing by 35 percent this year compared with the average  over the last 5 years. This is compared to a 9 percent increase in  deaths for White Americans.   For other communities of color, there are equally high rates: for  [[Page H5753]]  Blacks, a 31 percent increase compared to 5 years ago; 44 percent for  Hispanics; and a 22 percent increase for Native Americans.   Downplaying this virus is also downplaying the reality of healthcare  inequality and minority health disparities in this country. That is why  we crafted an urgently needed COVID-19 response bill: to make us sure  we can combat the disproportionate effects of coronavirus on  communities of color.   That is precisely what the House did in May, with the passage of The  Heroes Act, and again in October, with the updated Heroes Act, which  ensured that we collect disaggregated race and ethnicity data related  to COVID-19 and that we restore Medicaid coverage for citizens of the  Freely Associated States of the Pacific islands and include provisions  like Congressmember Barbara Lee's COVID-19 Community Care Act.   It is so important because it would provide targeted COVID-19  testing, treatment, and contact tracing for communities of color that  have been devastated by the pandemic. What is so crucial is that it  would include culturally and linguistically competent outreach for  contact tracing that is so critical to the AAPI community.   Communities of color cannot wait any longer. Americans cannot wait  any longer. We need the outgoing President and Republicans in Congress  to stop playing games with American lives. We can't ignore the fact  that Americans are dying and the economy is struggling because of a  refusal to take this virus seriously. It is time to face facts and work  together to pass a coronavirus relief package now.   