 Mr. President, since the early days of the COVID-19  pandemic, it has been clear that we would need a sustained response to  mitigate the damaging health and economic impact facing the American  people.   When Republicans and Democrats came together to pass the CARES Act in  March, I, along with my Democratic colleagues, made clear that we would  need to stand ready to provide additional, robust support as the  situation demanded.   This afternoon we have been hearing from our colleagues. I thank  Senator Stabenow for gathering us here. I thank Senator Coons for the  way he just illustrated in such personal, direct terms the way this  pandemic and all of its ripple effects are impacting his constituents,  as they are impacting my constituents and constituents of every single  Member of the U.S. Senate.   Unfortunately, the Trump administration and Washington Republicans  have not met the challenges facing the American people today with any  sense of urgency, and the cost of that inaction has been seen all  across the country. But, today, Senate majority Leader McConnell  decided to act as if this were just any other Thursday--just any other  Thursday for the Republicans in the Senate.   Well, it is not just any other Thursday for our constituents. Back in  May, House Democrats passed a substantial relief bill called the Heroes  Act, but for months, Republicans refused to even acknowledge the  necessity of providing more relief. In the 3 months since the House  acted, the pain that our citizens are experiencing has only grown.  Cases have skyrocketed. The United States of America is approaching  160,000 Americans killed by this virus. Small businesses have  shuttered, and millions of people have lost their jobs.   Meanwhile, President Trump continues to downplay the significant toll  that this virus has taken. Earlier this week he said this of the COVID- 19 death toll: ``It is what it is.''   Just yesterday, he again claimed that the virus would simply go away.  Not recognizing the gravity of this threat has significantly harmed  Americans and America. While Congress can't undo the damage that has  been done, I am urging my colleagues to come together on a response  that will lead us forward. Throughout this week, I have joined with my  colleagues to come to the floor and to lay out some of the priorities  that we are focused on and to share what we are hearing from people all  across our States.   The cost of inaction grows every single day. Millions of Americans  lost enhanced unemployment benefits and with it the ability to feed  their families and pay their rent. People will lose their homes now to  evictions. By the way, their landlords will feel the ripple effect when  they can't pay their rent. Their grocers will feel the ripple effect  when they can't buy groceries. The economic pain will spread and spread  and spread.   Lack of supplies and testing capacity--a national disgrace months  into this pandemic--is hindering the ability to slow the spread of the  virus and, of course, hindering the ability of people to get back to  work and school safely.   Schools are struggling to open without the adequate guidance that the  Federal Government could provide and without resources that they need  to keep teachers, staff, students, and families safe.   States and local communities are accelerating cuts and, with it,  adding to job losses and lost economic activity.   Americans are hurting. They are hurting in red States, and they are  hurting in blue States. They are crying out for help.   One of the great privileges of this job is that people come forward  with their ideas, with their hopes, with their fears. They share  incredibly personal details about the challenges that they face and  then are also so willing to share with us their successes too. We get  to witness our constituents and work with them in difficult times and  in good times, and they are willing to share that with us. They  demonstrate to us day in and day out what it means to be a member of a  community, what it means to come together and solve a problem. They do  it in their businesses. They do it on school boards. They do it without  regard to political party or walk of life.   The least we could do in the U.S. Senate on this Thursday, over this  weekend, over the next week, is follow their example, represent them at  their best, display that American ingenuity, innovation, pragmatism,  compromise, can-do spirit. In the process we could save lives; we could  begin to rebuild our economy; and we could demonstrate to the rest of  the world that we know how to come together and work for what is best  for all of us.   We must help our constituents. We must act. Our country cannot wait  any longer   I yield the floor.   