 Madam Speaker, I thank my colleagues, and while I am  happy to support measures to improve resiliency in the Committee on  Transportation and Infrastructure, a committee on which I serve, I am  disappointed that this bill is not inclusive of U.S. territories other  than Puerto Rico in the normal operation of this new resiliency  program.   Under the Stafford Act, the Virgin Islands and all other U.S.  territories and the District of Columbia are defined and treated as  States. This legislative amendment to the Stafford Act should be no  different. That is why the House version of this bill was amended in  committee, so that this new program is equally inclusive of all  jurisdictions that are already treated as States by the Stafford Act.  That was not what was approved by the committee but passed by this  House in H.R. 2, the Moving Forward Act.    Madam Speaker, the Virgin Islands and the other smaller territories  have been devastated by unprecedented natural disasters in recent  years. All of these American jurisdictions have tremendous need for  hazard mitigation projects that reduce risks for homeowners,  businesses, nonprofits, the cost of insurance claims, and Federal  relief payments from extreme weather-related disasters.   I believe it is unfair to have a program that first makes grants to  Indian Tribes, Puerto Rico, and the District of Columbia to improve  resiliency, and then tells the four remaining smaller jurisdictions,  defined as States already, that they get to have what amounts to  pennies maybe left over from the 2 percent set aside of funding that  first is going to be spent on administrative costs and technical  assistance to give the resiliency program to everyone else.   Madam Speaker, as a practical matter, of course, that will amount to  nothing left for the people of my district, American Samoa, Guam, the  Northern Marianas, and the smaller territories.   Madam Speaker, I understand and have been told that the committee is  willing to work and try to find a technical fix to this both in the  House and the Senate. I urge that that occurs. While I support this  measure, once again, you cannot continue to forget the smaller  territories.  [[Page H7268]]        