 Mr. President, I first met Lamar Alexander when he was a  candidate for President 25 years ago. He was campaigning in the State  of Maine, and after giving an articulate speech outlining his  priorities and his policies, he proceeded to charm everyone by playing  the piano. Little did I know then that we would one day serve as  colleagues and friends in the U.S. Senate.   Lamar, as you heard already today, is an extraordinary legislator. He  has the ability to bring people together even on very contentious  issues and hammer out a compromise. He is extremely effective because  he is always well informed, focuses on the issue at hand, never gives  up, and is willing to work across the aisle. He gets things done that  matter not only to his constituents and his beloved Tennessee but also  to citizens across this great country.   He has been an extraordinary leader on important issues that many of  us care deeply about, such as biomedical research, education, and  combating the opioid crisis. He is that rare individual who is far less  interested in who gets the credit than in getting the job done. But, in  fact, each of us who has had the privilege of working with Lamar knows  that he is the one who deserves the credit.   I have served for years with Lamar on the Health, Education, Labor,  and Pensions Committee, which he chairs. On one challenging issue after  another, when others would throw up their hands and say ``This is  impossible; it simply cannot be done,'' Lamar never gives up the search  for a solution and for common ground.   Lamar has been so prolific as a legislator that it is difficult to  single out one accomplishment among so many, but if forced to do so, I  would say that the 21st Century Cures Act is his signature achievement.  As the name implies, this law is a lasting legacy for him, and it is  already providing lasting benefits for our country. Whether it is the  BRAIN Initiative that will finally help us to make progress on diseases  like Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, and other neurological illnesses, or the  Cancer Moonshot that was done in honor of Beau Biden, or the funding  that was included to look at the impact of lifestyles on our health,  all of the provisions of this landmark law will improve the health of  the American people far into the future, and it will be Lamar Alexander  who deserves the credit.   As a close second, I would cite the educational reforms he drafted to  replace and improve No Child Left Behind to give more autonomy back to  the States and local school districts. That law--Every Student Succeeds  Act--was a momentous bipartisan achievement, and Lamar has already  explained what it took to get the job done. It is not surprising that  in 2016, the Nation's Governors named Lamar the first recipient of the  James Madison Award to recognize Members of Congress who support  Federalism. As we have heard today, the Wall Street Journal called ESSA  the ``largest devolution of federal control to the states in a quarter- century.''   In addition to being a skillful legislator, Lamar is also a  wonderfully talented musician, as both a pianist and a singer. His  hilarious performance at the annual Alfalfa Club dinner back in 2011 is  legendary, and thanks to YouTube, it is also immortal.   Lamar was a great friend, as he mentioned today, of the writer Alex  Haley, the author of ``Roots.'' Mr. Haley's personal motto was ``Find  the good and praise it.'' Lamar quotes that often, and he lives by it.  Optimism and gratitude, effectiveness and skill are his defining  characteristics. To Lamar, ``the good'' isn't simply what is pleasant;  it is what is worthwhile, what makes us better people, better citizens,  a better nation. If we follow the advice he gave us today, we will be a  better Senate.   Not long ago, I was interviewed by a journalist for a retrospective  on Lamar's service in the Senate. She said that she happened to be in  the Senate Dining Room on December 17, 2018--the day that Lamar  announced his intention to retire--and that a room usually alive with  chatter was unusually quiet and tinged with sadness. That somber  atmosphere was genuine and bipartisan.   Lamar, I can't tell you how much personally I will miss serving with  you. You are not only a great Senator and extraordinary legislator but  a wonderful friend. Thank you so much for your many years of public  service. I feel very honored to have served with you, to have learned  from you, and I wish you and Honey all the best.    Mr. President, Mike Enzi and I were both sworn in to do  our first terms in the U.S. Senate on January 7, 1997. I immediately  saw in the gentleman from Wyoming a quiet, effective, and ethical  leader who was focused not on partisan advantage but, rather, on  results--results that would benefit the people who had sent him to  Washington and results that would benefit the American people as a  whole.   The nearly 24 years since then have only confirmed my initial  impression. For the first 14 of those years, Mike was the sole  accountant in the Senate. That discipline, combined with his experience  as a small business owner, have served him so well in his role as  chairman of the Senate Committee on the Budget. He knows how important  it is to set a budget, to follow it, and to control spending. His  priority has always been the American taxpayer. As chairman of the  Committee on the Budget and as a member of the Senate Committee on  Finance, he has been a leader on tax issues as well. He helped to shape  the 2017 tax reform act, which has helped to boost economic growth and  the creation of more jobs.   Mike's leadership style is characterized by his willingness to always  search for common ground. He described in great depth today what he  calls his 80-20 rule, and anyone who has ever worked with Mike Enzi on  any issue quickly learns about the 80-20 rule. Through it, he forges  solutions where many others see only impasse. The key to success in  moving legislation, as he told us today, is to focus on the 80 percent  of issues on which agreement can be found and not waste time on the 20  percent on which the disagreements are insurmountable.   That rule served him well when he, along with the late Senator Ted  Kennedy, sat at the helm of the Senate Committee on Health, Education,  Labor, and Pensions. Well, as Mike has described today, it would be  difficult to think of two individuals serving in the Senate who had  more different political philosophies than he and Ted Kennedy. You  could probably say that this is true with his current ranking member of  the Budget Committee. Yet, together, he and Senator Kennedy crafted  dozens of laws. Neither side got 100 percent of what it wanted. They  put aside the areas of disagreement. For them, it was far more  important that progress was made for the American people.   In serving with Mike on the HELP Committee, I have seen him employ  this rule over and over again to bring about real progress. He has led  efforts to help to ensure that everyone can receive a quality  education. He has helped to provide Americans with access to  affordable, quality healthcare. He has helped to protect workers and  foster job training opportunities. As the leader of the committee, he  has worked to oversee the biggest revision in pension laws in 30  years--to strengthen funding rules to enhance retirement security for  millions of Americans.   Mike comes from a small business background, and as Senator Durbin  just described, he was passionate about the Marketplace Fairness Act-- to enable States to collect sales and use taxes from out-of-State  online retailers. He recognized that the brick-and-mortar Main Street  businesses that provide local jobs should not be penalized. Mike and I  also worked together on successful legislation to improve workplace  safety for postal employees and to better protect the American people  from deceptive mailings that mimic official government documents.   Senator Mike Enzi has compiled a long record of selfless service as a  business leader, as a member of the Wyoming Air National Guard, as a  mayor, as a State legislator, and as an involved citizen. When he  announced his intention early last year to leave the Senate, he said  that he had no definite plans other than to find other ways to serve. I  am 100 percent certain that the author of the 80-20 rule will continue  to contribute to his community, his State, and our Nation. I wish him  and his beloved wife Diana all the best in the years to come.   I thank the Presiding Officer.   