 Thank you, Senator Hoeven and Senator Fischer, as well. We  have so many of our great ag State friends here on the floor today to  join in this colloquy.   I did grow up on a small family farm in Southwest Iowa and grew up  around hogs. We have row crops, of course, coming out of Iowa--soybeans  and corn, which are very, very important.   This is an important discussion today because our farmers need  certainty--I hear it time and again from Iowa's ag community--whether  it is trade, biofuels, or the supports that are coming from USDA.   Just yesterday, I heard the message loud and clear as I was on a  phone call with our farmers from the Iowa Farm Bureau. They said we  need to make sure the CCC is fully funded. This isn't just because of  COVID-19 aid payments. That is something different. Those have been  helpful to most of our farmers. This is because our farm bill programs  depend on the CCC being funded. The important supports out there for  dairy, for conservation, for young and beginning farmers--you name it;  it is the CCC.   Just a couple of weeks ago, USDA Secretary Perdue was in Iowa, and we  toured one of the many conservation sites across the State and saw  firsthand the good work that is being done with our farmers through  USDA's conservation programs. They are working to improve their  operations while also cleaning Iowa's water, air, and keeping our soil  healthy. Without these conservation programs funded through the CCC,  this work simply would not be happening.   Folks, since 1987, Congress has replenished the CCC back to $30  billion every year. This is not the year to stop.   Iowa farmers in particular have been suffering through COVID-19; plus  we had a derecho and a drought. The last thing we need is to take away  something they have come to depend on.   Madam President, 2020 has been hard on everyone, and there is no time  to play games with our farmers' futures. I hope our friends on the  other side of the aisle join us in supporting the replenishment of the  CCC in the upcoming funding bill.   I yield back to Senator Hoeven, the great Senator from North Dakota.  Again, my thanks to the Senator and all of our farm State participants  today for joining in the colloquy.   