 Mr. President, Granite Staters are known for our all- hands-on-deck spirit--coming together in difficult times to support our  friends and neighbors.   The COVID-19 pandemic has forced us all to change our daily routines  and adjust to new challenges; however, one thing that has not changed  throughout this public health emergency is the compassion and empathy  we are seeing from people all across our State.   Every month, I recognize a person or a group of people in New  Hampshire who have gone above and beyond to help their community. I  recognize them as the Granite Stater of the Month. But this month, I  couldn't choose just one person and, instead, wish to recognize all  Granite Staters for coming together to try to slow the spread of this  virus and to help those in need.   All across New Hampshire, people are taking commonsense steps, both  to keep themselves healthy and to avoid unknowingly passing along the  virus to others, particularly those who are at high risk. This includes  washing your hands thoroughly and for at least 20 seconds and wiping  down frequently touched surfaces, like cell phones and door handles. It  also means practicing social distancing by going out in public only  when absolutely necessary and keeping at least 6 feet between you and  another person.   We have also seen that events people look forward to all year, like  the Boston Marathon or St. Patrick's Day festivities, have been  canceled or postponed. People are following public health officials'  guidelines by staying at home and canceling long-awaited travel plans.   Taking these necessary measures is hard and unpleasant, but it has  been inspiring to see how many people are willing to make these  sacrifices to protect the public health.   Additionally, many people might contract only mild symptoms from  COVID-19, especially those who are younger and in good health; however,  it is heartening that so many of those individuals recognize how  important it is to protect others who might be at higher risk, like  those over 60 or people living with chronic health conditions.   As many Americans know, it is also crucial that we don't overwhelm  our healthcare system and prevent an influx of patients from crowding  hospitals, which could lead to a shortage of critical medical equipment  and personal protective gear. Collective actions, like staying home and  minimizing interactions with others, will be crucial in combating this  public health emergency.   As people's lives continue to experience disruption, I have been  inspired to see such a tremendous outpouring of support from people all  across New Hampshire in an effort to help one another during this very  difficult time. For instance, nonprofits, food pantries, and volunteers  are partnering with local schools in New Hampshire to combat food  insecurity in their communities. One school district held a food drive  over the weekend with a local nonprofit. They were concerned that given  the last-minute nature of the event, there would be low participation.  To their surprise, the school reported that the community came out in  droves to donate goods.   Stories like this are abundant in communities across my State, and I  am immensely proud of how people across New Hampshire have come  together to respond to this public health emergency.   In the coming weeks and months, it will be even more important that  Granite Staters and all Americans lean on one another for support. I  encourage everyone to reach out to your neighbors, especially those at  higher risk, to see what you can do to help. If you have an older  neighbor, see if they need help picking up their groceries. If you know  someone who is a medical professional with young kids at home, ask if  you can babysit.   Right now, it is important for people to remember what we can all do  to help contain the spread of this virus and that we all have a role to  play in doing so. In New Hampshire, we pull together, and we help one  another to get through challenging times, and I know we can come  together to slow the spread of this virus.   I yield the floor.   