 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding. I also  thank Chairman DeFazio for his ongoing efforts to help us bring this  important bill to the floor today.   As the co-chair of the House Oceans Caucus, I rise in strong support  of Save Our Seas 2.0, a bill to clean up marine debris.   Every minute, the equivalent of a garbage truck full of plastic is  dumped into our ocean. According to the United Nations, that is more  than 8 million tons a year. Plastic bottles, straws, grocery bags,  cigarette butts, fishing gear, and abandoned vessels litter the ocean.   After the tsunami hit the coast of Japan in 2011, large materials,  like docks and boats that carried invasive species, ended up on the  shores of northwest Oregon.   Tiny pieces of plastic also make their way into marine life, blocking  digestive tracts, altering growth, and in some cases killing marine  mammals and fisheries.   We still don't know how long it takes for plastic to completely  biodegrade. Estimates range from 450 years to never. A recent study  from the Pew Charitable Trusts found that without action, by 2040, the  annual flow of plastic into the ocean could nearly triple to 29 million  metric tons.   Let me be clear: We need to fundamentally change our reliance on  plastics. Plastics pollute our ocean and exacerbate the climate crisis.  The fossil fuel and plastics industries are deeply connected, and  plastics contribute a significant share of industrial emissions in the  United States.   A problem this pervasive, a global problem of this magnitude, cannot  be solved with a single bill. We cannot limit our action to removing  existing plastic from the ocean, and we can also not recycle our way  out of plastic waste that ends up on our shores.   We need comprehensive action, but today we have the opportunity to  build on our foundation, a bipartisan, bicameral effort to strengthen  the NOAA Marine Debris Program.   Save Our Seas 2.0 will improve the domestic response to marine debris  by creating a Marine Debris Foundation to support NOAA's work, advance  the removal and prevention of plastic waste, and establish a pilot  program to provide incentives for the proper disposal of marine debris  collected at sea.   The bill will incentivize international engagement to address marine  debris by raising awareness about the sources of plastic waste and the  effects of mismanaged waste and assess the potential for a new  international agreement to address marine debris.   Save Our Seas 2.0 will strengthen domestic infrastructure to prevent  the creation of new marine debris by establishing grant programs to  assist States and localities in improving local waste management  systems and review opportunities to minimize the production of new  plastic waste.   The ocean is resilient, and we can help it heal, but we cannot afford  to wait. We have significant work ahead to prevent marine debris and  Save Our Seas 2.0 continues to build on our bipartisan foundation to  protect the ocean.   Mr. Speaker, I want to close by thanking my colleague and co-chair of  the House Oceans Caucus, Representative   Don Young from Alaska, for  his partnership on this bill, and to our Senate colleagues, Senator Dan  Sullivan and Senator Sheldon Whitehouse.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill to  strengthen the Federal response to marine debris.   