 Madam Speaker, I rise to celebrate the life of a man I  loved, our colleague, John Robert Lewis.   To John-Miles, his son, to Michael Collins, his remarkable and  devoted chief of staff, to his entire staff, we grieve with you.   When I think about John Lewis, and to describe him:   A commitment to God? Immovable.   A commitment to believe that we are all equal before God? Immutable.   Belief that the law must support the biblical belief in the equality  of all mankind? Unyielding.   Because his great-grandfather was the victim of grave injustice, he  didn't have to watch a movie to hear the call of a slave master's voice  in the wind. He rebelled against that voice to deliver justice during  his life.   In the 1960s, he was deemed a radical, a radical with a passionate  belief in peaceful civil disobedience, so much so that he was arrested  40 times and beaten multiple times.   John knew that the televised images of police beatings and cracked  skulls animated the just souls of 1965 to build a chariot of liberty in  the Civil Rights Act of that era.   John wept at the sight of George Floyd being murdered, but also saw  that another moment to create a more just and perfect Union was upon  us.   In the coming days, when the streets are filled with those who mourn  John, we will see people in fine suits and people in rags. We will see  laborers and professionals. We will see faces pained by disease or  poverty. But all of them will rejoice that John Lewis lived.   There will never be another John Lewis. In fact, I believe no Member  of Congress is greater than the John Lewis that has walked across the  threshold of this Chamber.   God rest, good man. You changed our country. You were a purveyor of  good trouble. You taught us what was non-  [[Page H3690]]  negotiable. You changed this country forever more.   I will end with his quote, and he said: ``I say to people today, you  must be prepared if you believe in something. If you believe in  something, you have to go for it. As individuals, we may not live to  see the end.''   Well, my dear friend, you may not see the end, but before this year  is over, the John Lewis Voting Rights Act of 2020 will be delivered;  and I hope someday a statue of you will be in Statuary Hall so we can  all pass by it and touch your shoes and have your spirit fill  our hearts.    God rest your soul. Rest in power.   