 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. McCaul for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, the measures that we are voting on and debating today  are unconstitutional, they are partisan, and they are dangerous for  America's national security.   The House already debated and voted on both of these bills during the  NDAA process last year. Both were rejected, rightly, and stripped from  the final NDAA for a reason.   Now Speaker Pelosi is choosing to put this legislation on the floor  once again in order to weaken the President just as the Democrats did  with their unconstitutional War Powers Resolution earlier this month.   Speaker Pelosi and the House Democrats are so unsure of their own  substantive case that they are hiding behind House rules to make sure  that Republicans can't even bring any amendment to this legislation.   I wish this were a surprise, but it is, unfortunately, more of the  same abuse of power we have become accustomed to under the Democratic  majority in this House. Speaker Pelosi and the Democrats continue to  demonstrate they hate the President so much that they will not even  stand with him when he kills the world's deadliest terrorist.  Representative Khanna's measure today would tie the President's hands  at a time when he needs flexibility most.   Earlier this month, Mr. Speaker, the President took action to protect  American troops, to defend our national security, when he killed the  terrorist Qasem Soleimani. His decisive strike against Soleimani made  the world a safer place.   In carrying out this action, President Trump relied on several  authorities, including his Article II powers and the 2002 AUMF, the  measure my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are attempting to  repeal today.   The bills before us will undermine the deterrence established by  President Trump. They will embolden Iran. They will make conflict more,  not less, likely.   Weakness, Mr. Speaker, is provocative, and both of these measures  convey weakness.   Representative Khanna's bill is a serious constitutional  transgression:   It would call into question whether the President could defend our  closest ally in the Middle East, Israel, without first getting approval  from 535 Members of the House and the Senate;    It would call into question whether he could protect our diplomats in  Iraq, who have just, in recent months, faced attacks from Iranian- backed militias;   It would call into question whether he could uphold the basic  principle of freedom of navigation and defend against Iran's attacks on  international shipping.   Our troops are fighting today, Mr. Speaker, to protect the freedom of  every person in this Chamber and every person across this country. They  should never have to question whether they can defend themselves  against America's enemies, but Representative Khanna's measure would  sow exactly this kind of doubt.   This bill ignores a key historical reality: Iran has been at war with  the United States for four decades. The regime has been designated the  world's leading state sponsor of terrorism for years on end. Hundreds  of troops have died at the hands of Iranian-backed militias.   As the U.S. faces these adversaries, it is absolutely critical that  the President retain the flexibility to act swiftly and decisively when  our interests or forces are threatened.   It is time for my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to stop  playing politics with the security of our Nation. I urge my colleagues  to vote against these measures today.   