 Mr. President, let me begin by thanking my two  colleagues, Senator Moran and Senator Blumenthal, for their tremendous  leadership on the Empowering Olympic, Paralympic, and Amateur Athletics  Act. I am very proud to be a cosponsor of their bill. This shows what  the Senate can do when we work together to accomplish such a critical  goal. I salute both of them.   This bill takes effective action to end the negligent behavior by  some members of the U.S. Olympic Committee and the amateur athletic  organizations that oversee Olympic sports that have, on far too many  occasions, failed to protect young athletes from truly horrific  instances of abuse.   Right after the Larry Nassar scandal broke, Senator Feinstein and I  introduced the Protecting Young Victims from Sexual Assault and Abuse  Act. Members of the USA Gymnastics team gave powerful and compelling  testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee about the abuses they  had suffered and endured. We learned more about the horrific acts, the  crimes committed by Larry Nassar against the members of the USA  Gymnastics team.   Our bill, which became law in 2018, required prompt reporting of  every allegation of sexual abuse to the proper authorities, and it is  helping survivors obtain justice and protect our young athletes.   Senator Moran and Senator Blumenthal then launched an 18-month  bipartisan investigation into the failures of the U.S. Olympic  organization. They found that these governing bodies also failed to  protect their athletes from acts of abuse committed by coaches and  other powerful individuals within their organization. I am delighted  that they have led the way and that Congress has continued to focus on  this issue to protect the courageous young athletes across the country  who have come forward to tell their horrific stories.   This bill strengthens legal liability against the Olympic and amateur  sports governing bodies for the sexual abuses perpetrated by coaches  and employees, and it gives the athletes greater representation on  these governing boards. It will also ensure that Congress conducts more  systemic oversight. It will strengthen reporting mandates for adults  with knowledge of abuse allegations. These young athletes who train to  represent our country at the top levels of competition and, indeed,  those at all levels of competition and those who aspire to compete  should never have to fear victimization by trusted coaches and sports  officials.   I, too, commend the young athletes with whom Dianne Feinstein and I  met and who have worked so closely with Senators Moran and Blumenthal  for coming forward. These survivors have told their stories. We are now  going to make a difference for them and for future athletes.   I hope this legislation will be enacted and signed into law very  soon.   Thank you    Madam President, I have listened to the presentations of  my two colleagues, Senator Cassidy and Senator Menendez, and I could  not agree with them more. We have an opportunity to solve a problem  that is affecting each and every community in our country.   With the COVID-19 pandemic continuing to devastate our public health  and our economy, towns and cities across our country are facing  increasingly significant new challenges and plummeting revenues at the  exact same time. I urge my colleagues to be problem-solvers, to address  this crisis as part of the relief package that is now being negotiated.  We cannot wait.   I have joined with Senators Menendez and Cassidy and others in this  Chamber in introducing the SMART Act. It would provide much needed  financial assistance to State and local governments while providing  safeguards to prevent wasteful spending.   It is a lifeline to our communities, just as the Paycheck Protection  Program has been a lifeline to our small businesses and their  employees.   The consequences of local government shortfalls are dire. Without our  providing them relief, communities face having to lay off essential  employees and reduced services at the worst possible time for working  families.   What is their alternative? They cannot raise taxes. That would be the  worst thing for them to do. Municipalities are already scaling back  their budgets, furloughing workers, and postponing needed purchases and  projects.   These cuts threaten the jobs of our police officers, our  firefighters, our EMS personnel, our dispatchers, our sanitation crews,  and our public works employees at the time when their services are  vitally needed. They are the people who make our communities operate,  who make them livable. We need them.   We already know about the stresses our schools are undergoing. Do we  really want school budgets to be cut and educators laid off at this  important time?   The CARES Act did provide $150 billion to our States and to very  large communities, but those funds came with restrictions, and they did  not require direct distributions to municipalities with populations  under 500,000. There is not a single county in Maine, much less a city  or town, that has a population of that level.   The National Governors Association has called for $500 billion in  assistance to aid our Nation's recovery. Organizations supporting our  towns and our cities and our counties have all endorsed the SMART Act.   Moody's Analytics warns that failing to act could shave 3 percentage  points from real GDP, from our economic growth, and result in the loss  of 4 million jobs. That is the worst thing to happen at this time.   This week, the Maine Municipal Association released projections  anticipating a combined $146 million in lost revenue from Maine cities  and towns by the end of this year alone. We know that the revenues are  going to take a while to recover and are going to affect next year as  well.   This builds on Maine's Revenue Forecasting Committee, which expects a  $1.4 billion State budget shortfall from lost sales and income tax  revenues over the next 3 years.   As people are driving less, we are also seeing our gas tax revenues  plummet.   I have talked with town and city managers, with mayors and members of  town councils, selectmen and -women, all across the State of Maine  about the difficult decisions they are facing as they attempt to  balance their budgets.   These cuts are not theoretical. The harm is not just possible; it is  occurring today. Let's look briefly at what some Maine communities are  already having to do.   The city of Westbrook has announced a hiring freeze affecting all  city departments, including the police department. Well, that police  department has five open positions that it needs to fill and cannot do  so.   Auburn, a city in Androscoggin County, has had to freeze six vacant  positions because of expected revenue losses--again, vital positions:  two firefighters, a police officer, and three public works employees.  These cuts come as the city of Auburn has spent more than $200,000 in  new expenses to respond to the virus.   The town of Falmouth has eliminated four open positions, including a  police officer, and can no longer go ahead with the purchase of a much  needed new firetruck.   The town of Windham has kept seven needed positions open. These are  not  [[Page S4709]]  large communities. This is a large number of positions. Five of these  are public works positions, without which, how is the plowing going to  be done this winter to keep the roads safe and clear?   The town has also postponed $1.6 million in capital projects. That  has a ripple effect on the local economy. It means the contractor is  neither buying supplies nor hiring employees at this time.   In northern Maine, in the northern Maine city of Madawaska, the town  manager has shared with my office that the town has had to scrap a $3  million road-paving project and will have to keep at least three  positions vacant.   This is what they are doing already. It is only going to get worse  for these towns and cities as revenues continue to plummet.   Senator Menendez made a very important point that I want to  reiterate, and that is, the way our bill is structured, every city,  every town, regardless of size, will receive direct assistance. Every  county will receive direct assistance. They will not be dependent on  the largesse of the State. The money will go to them to meet these  essential needs.   It is common sense to provide the relief needed to avoid these  widespread layoffs and cuts to essential services at the local level,  where they often are most often needed. These are the public servants  who keep our communities and our citizens safe. They are the public  servants who keep our communities and our citizens healthy. They are  the public servants who keep our communities and our citizens educated.  They are the ones who are plowing our roads and repairing our bridges.  They are the ones who make our towns, our cities, our neighborhoods  livable.   Congress must act to provide assistance to every community. This is a  problem we can solve. Let's enact the SMART Act as part of the next  coronavirus package.   