 Madam Speaker, I rise today to condemn in the strongest  form the vulgar language and blatant disrespect a colleague directed at  Congresswoman Ocasio-Cortez.   As the Congresswoman stated, we are not on the House floor today  because of just one callous incident. Unfortunately, what brings us to  this moment are the structural and cultural conditions, and, yes, the  very men that have normalized the marginalization of women and,  specifically, women of color, since this Nation's very inception.  [[Page H3706]]    Madam Speaker, patriarchy, is a tool of oppression that is very much  at home in the halls of this powerful institution; not unlike the  hostile working environments and harassment experienced by countless  women across the Nation who dare to speak truth to power.   Today, we rise for every woman that has dealt with these dynamics as  a conflated part of their walk in life; every woman that has repressed  the painful rhetoric inflicted on our bodies and our lives.   So, suffice it to say that these tired tactics to debase and  marginalize are familiar. And, yet, still, we rise.   Our foremothers, the trailblazing women elected to Congress before  us, equipped us to take on a world that was built on contradictions and  injustice. Because of them, we have learned how to walk with our heads  held high; our legacy defined by the laws we write and the good we do  on behalf of those we serve.   I first set foot in this institution at the age of 19. My mother  poured into me a sense of reverence for this institution, of the  awesome power that it held. I walked through hallways, and still do,  flanked by the statues of men that enslaved my ancestors, in a building  built by my enslaved ancestors.   Madam Speaker, while there may still be some specters in this hallway  set on upholding oppression and misogyny, I know that when my 12-year  old daughter walks through these hallways today, she sees my name  embossed on a plaque outside the door and lit up on the voting board  above this House floor. And she sees Tlaib, and Omar, and Chu, and  Jayapal, and Escobar, and Trahan, and Underwood. Our very existence is  proof that progress has been made.   And yet, although in some instances we are better than we used to be,  we are still not who we can be. And so, with my eyes fixed clear on the  challenges of the moment, but clearer still on the promise of the  future, I speak to our daughters, for they are watching and carefully  taking note of how we respond in this moment.   So, in this moment, I say to my Cora, and all our daughters, you are  powerful. You are limitless. Your contributions to this world are  brilliant, needed, and uniquely yours. Your ideas are substantive. Your  lived experiences, your kind heart, and your critical eye belong at  every single table where decisions are being made.   You deserve a life free from fear and filled with dignity and love.  You are not defined by your productivity or your chosen work.   We affirm these truths to be self-evident that women are the backbone  of every family, of our communities, and we are nation builders. We  believe in you fully, without reservation. You have a right to show up  in the world exactly as you are. And who you are is always enough.  Cora, you belong everywhere.   And I will close with the words of Reverend William Barber who aptly  points out that we find ourselves, as a Nation, in a moment of  reckoning, a reckoning which calls for reconstruction. Old fights, but  this is a new day.   Let's build the world that Cora and all girls and women deserve and  let us begin with this very institution.   