 Mr. Speaker, I am so proud to be standing on the floor  today speaking in support of the PUGET SOS Act. The passage of the bill  in this House is something that our State has been collectively working  toward for years.   I thank Representative Heck and Representative Kilmer and the other  Members of the Puget Sound Recovery Caucus for their leadership.   The challenges facing our Sound are great and are compounded by our  State's growth and climate change. Chinook populations remain far below  recovery goals, despite having been listed as threatened since 1999  under the Endangered Species Act.   As the only member from Washington State on the House Agricultural  Committee, I plan to use my position to highlight the importance of  responsible farming practices, ecosystem recovery, and riparian  habitats.   Mr. Speaker, the narrative that we can have farms or fish is false-- we can have both. State- and county-level agencies are also doing their  part to help both fish and farmers.   The Washington State conservation Commission is doing some amazing  [[Page H796]]  work in the agricultural world. Our conservation districts work  statewide to implement natural resource improvement projects and build  landowner engagement and commitment.   Just one example is the work that the Pierce County conservation  District did when they partnered with local farmers to address  management practices and were able to have a substantial impact on the  health of 278 acres for shellfish harvesting.   The Puget Sound needs protecting. Other bodies of water like the  Chesapeake Bay and the Great Lakes have formal program status under the  Clean Water Act, which helps ensure their consistent Federal funding.  The Puget Sound and all of the wildlife in it deserve the same status  under the Clean Water Act.   It is shortsighted and irresponsible to not fight for the Sound and  its future. We owe it to the species whose futures are imperiled  because of human activity. We owe it to our children and generations we  will never know. We absolutely must protect Puget Sound.   