 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the  CARES Act.   Over 2,500 Illinoisans have been diagnosed with the coronavirus, 26  of whom have died. Countless more are in need of testing, and thousands  of our frontline healthcare workers are desperate for PPEs.   Just this month, over 130,000 Illinoisans have lost their jobs. This  is unprecedented.   The CARES Act provides immediate economic relief to individuals,  billions in small business loans and grants, and improved unemployment  protections. It will help States, local governments, and healthcare  systems meet the enormous challenges that they are facing.    Mr. Speaker, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic  Security (CARES) Act puts the health and well-being of families and  workers first in order to provide support and relief to Americans  suffering from the health and economic impacts of the devastating  COVID-19 pandemic.   Throughout my time in Congress and especially now, I have  consistently prioritized policies that save lives and support northern  Illinois families. The best way we can do this is to take immediate  action to help our economy and support the everyday people who make it  work.   This has been a terribly hard time for our community. According to  the Johns Hopkins University & Medicine Coronavirus Resource Center,  today, there are 549,604 cases globally, and 85,996 cases in the United  States. The Illinois Department of Public Health reports 2,538 positive  cases and 26 deaths in Illinois as of March 26, 2020. We have lost  beloved community members across Illinois's 14th Congressional  District. Countless others are in need of testing, and thousands of our  frontline health care providers need personal protective equipment  (PPE). And, all across our community, families are being thrown into  economic distress--over 114,000 Illinoisans applied for unemployment  last week alone.   Many of us are coming together during these times. That extension of  kindness and grace must extend to our neighbors of Asian descent who  are facing an increased amount of discrimination and hate-filled acts.  This type of division, along with the dissemination of false  information about COVID-19, is dangerous for public health and safety  and cannot be tolerated.   I have spent the last weeks talking with hundreds of people all  across our community. During some conversations I heard from parents  trying to balance working from home, educating their children, and  caring for elderly loved ones. For some, it meant talking to small  business owners trying to figure out how to make sure their family  businesses and their employees come back from this. For other calls, it  meant listening to folks who are scared that they will run out of money  before they can work again and that they don't know how to keep their  family afloat. And I heard from the husband of a nurse who is terrified  his wife is at risk because she is bravely going into work every day  without sufficient protective equipment.   Our community is struggling in all kinds of different ways. But we  know that we will get through this unsettling and extremely challenging  time together. One of the best tools we have to help right now is the  CARES Act: a robust legislative package developed with bipartisan,  bicameral cooperation at record speed over the last week in order to  protect our community's health--including health care providers on the  front lines of this crisis--and our economy.   Notably, this legislation contains updates to ensure that Americans  will not have to pay out of pocket for COVID-19 testing, and it ensures  Medicare will cover a COVID-19 vaccine as soon as our brilliant  scientists get one to market. In the face of a pandemic, all Americans  should have access to a reliable COVID-19 diagnostic test if they need  one. Tests are not yet widely available in our northern Illinois  community, and our three public health labs in Illinois are working  around the clock to deliver results for patients. We will keep working  to expand testing capacity in our communities, a critical step towards  disease surveillance.   The incredible contribution of our most trusted health providers,  nurses, has been on full display throughout the coronavirus response.  From student nurses surging to help care for sick patients in New York  City to recently retired nurses stepping up to serve our community at  home in Illinois, nurses continue to lead on the front lines of  clinical research and practice. Importantly, the CARES Act invests in  the heroic Americans who are giving everything right now to save lives:  health care providers.  [[Page H1856]]    The CARES Act secures $100 billion to help hospitals, health systems,  and community providers cover costs related to COVID-19. This will help  Northwestern Medicine, the largest employer in my district, as well as  community health centers like the Center for Family Health in Sycamore,  which will see their funding boosted and extended. These clinics are  lifelines in our community and I am proud to support their work.   There is not a health care facility in Illinois right now that is not  in need of additional personal protective equipment for the brave  Americans serving our ill neighbors. All health providers, caregivers,  essential personnel, and first responders should have complete sets of  PPE that is required to do their jobs safely--they are mission critical  and key to our recovery from COVID-19. There have been widespread  shortages of PPE, certainly in our community, but also in many others  across the country. This is unacceptable, and I hope the  Administration's new Supply Chain Stabilization Task Force will quickly  increase the availability of needed PPE, including by utilizing the  full force of the Defense Production Act, which could make desperately  needed testing supplies and PPE available in the communities that need  them most.   In the meantime, heroic members of my community, like Anna Haley  Fielder of Antioch, are stepping up to fill the unmet need by  organizing neighbors to sew face masks to help protect health providers  and other essential workers. This should never have had to happen in  the first place. That is why I support the CARES Act's provision of $16  billion to replenish COVID-19 supplies in the Strategic National  Stockpile. This builds on the $3.1 billion allocated for the Public  Health and Social Services Emergency Fund, which supports the Strategic  National Stockpile, in H.R. 6074, the Coronavirus Preparedness and  Response Supplemental Appropriations Act of 2020.   First responders have a critical need for PPE as well. Over the past  week, many mayors have expressed their concern to me that firefighters  and law enforcement officers without the PPE needed to safely protect  our community during this pandemic may fall victim to COVID-19,  impairing their public safety mission. The CARES Act includes $100  million for the Assistance to Firefighters Grant Program, which can pay  for PPE and other supplies our first responders need.   Our health care workforce is being tested at greater levels than we  have seen in recent decades, which is why the inclusion of the Title  VIII Nursing Workforce Reauthorization Act of 2019 (H.R. 728) in the  CARES Act is so critically important. I championed this bipartisan  legislation early in my congressional tenure because I know that an  investment in nursing education yields exponential return in our  communities.    One of the principles of effective preparedness is ensuring a supply  chain that can provide needed supplies during times of emergencies and  public health crises like a global pandemic. The CARES Act includes  bipartisan legislation, the Commission on U.S. Medical Security Act  (H.R. 6282), which I helped introduce with Dr. Raul Ruiz, Dr. Phil Roe,  and my Illinois colleague Senator Dick Durbin. Our legislation will  strengthen the security of the U.S. medical supply chain.   Supporting seniors who are at high risk for infection is a priority  in the CARES Act, which includes $200 million to help mitigate COVID-19  spread in nursing homes. I am pleased that many improvements to  Medicare, funding to support our health system and family caregivers,  and critical support services like Meals on Wheels were also included  in the legislation. These resources will be critical to prevent  outbreaks and save lives.   This month, Wall Street's response to this crisis led to trading  suspensions and record shifts in the stock market. Swift intervention  to stabilize our economy, and embracing policies to support workers,  families, and small businesses first allows us to invest in the  critical economic engines that fuel northern Illinois.   My legislative agenda has long centered on economic security and  opportunity for the working families of the 14th district. This  commitment has been demonstrated through supporting a broad approach to  job creation and championing legislation that provides flexibility to  entrepreneurs seeking to start a small business. Small businesses are  the foundation of our economy throughout the 14th Congressional  District, and the CARES Act recognizes their unique challenges. A new  $350 billion Paycheck Protection Program will make zero-fee loans  available to small businesses, with the ability to have up to eight  weeks of payroll and other costs forgiven from the loan if a business  retains employees and their salary levels--an important incentive to  support workers. Another $10 billion in grants will support small  businesses and nonprofits that have suffered economic injury in  response to COVID-19, a provision that will make a difference for  Illinois families. This is on top of the first wave of billions of  dollars for small business disaster loans that are already being  processed.   Many families will receive direct financial assistance from the U.S.  Treasury, to stimulate consumer confidence and provide a needed boost  to many families experiencing difficult and unanticipated related  economic circumstances related to COVID-19. Individuals can receive a  recovery rebate of up to $1,200 each (up to $2,400 for a married  couple) with an additional $500 per child.   With an unexpected layoff or sharp decrease in earning potential,  many families find themselves with limited income and difficulty  affording rent, mortgage payments, and other housing-related  obligations. As part of our efforts to offer relief to workers and  families, the CARES Act allows forbearance on federally-backed  mortgages for family homes for up to 12 months and sets a moratorium on  foreclosures and evictions in many properties receiving federal  subsidies or assistance.   Employers are also receiving needed financial support and flexibility  for their workforces, including loans from the Small Business  Administration. I hope many employers take advantage of these new  programs quickly in order to retain their skilled and loyal workers and  facilitate a quicker economic recovery. The CARES Act also supports  self-employed and gig economy workers through a temporary Pandemic  Unemployment Assistance Program. This legislation also expands the  unemployment insurance available to those who have lost work through  this crisis by $600 per week, and immediately extends the period for  which coverage is available by 13 weeks.   On March 26, 2020, we learned that 3.28 million Americans filed for  unemployment during the previous week, more than four times higher than  ever recorded. The Department of Labor reports that in reporting these  numbers, ``states continued to cite services industries broadly,  particularly accommodation and food services.'' This is no surprise to  Illinois workers who have seen in-restaurant dining closed since March  16.   The United States Postal Service has been a steady presence in our  communities, offering essential mail and supply delivery services to  even the most remote homes in our country with their six-day delivery  schedule. The CARES Act includes some assistance for the Postal  Service, and I will work to further support our postal system in future  legislation.   So many families across my community are experiencing hardship due to  COVID-19. Whether helping families through sickness or loss of income,  our local charities and nonprofits have quickly stepped up to serve our  seven counties and I am pleased the CARES Act creates a $300 above-the- line deduction for charitable contributions from taypayers who take the  standard deduction.   The Department of Veterans Affairs is also responding to the COVID-19  crisis. The CARES Act offers $14.4 billion for testing kits, personal  protective equipment, and medical supplies to support growing demand  for health care services at the VA. The bill also allows for new  agreements to temporarily expand telemental health for veterans in  rural areas who may lack local providers who could offer those needed  services.   Governor Pritzker of Illinois ordered all schools closed by March 17,  2020, to slow the spread of COVID-19. In response to my conversations  with superintendents, I prioritized securing resources to facilitate e- learning for our K-12 students. Many school districts in the 14th  Congressional District also need funding flexibility due to disruption  in the academic year from COVID-19, and I am pleased that the CARES Act  begins to deliver. The bill includes $13.5 billion in grants to states  for K-12 education, which can be used for the costs of responding to  COVID-19, including for hardware to support e-learning.   The legislation also supports college students whose semesters were  disrupted due to COVID-19. While the CARES Act falls short of offering  the comprehensive relief from student loans that is necessary in this  grave economic period, the bill offers much-needed temporary relief. I  will continue to work for more in future relief packages.   On March 17, 2020, Illinois held primary elections, allowing  residents to safely participate in our democracy. We must already start  making plans to ensure the remaining states can complete their primary  elections with the same emphasis on health and safety for the American  people. The CARES Act makes a $400 million down payment towards  protecting our democracy during this crisis through election security  grants to states, but more must be done. The Take Responsibility for  Workers and Families Act provided $4 billion to secure our elections  during this crisis, and would implement needed reforms, like easier  voter registration, 15-day early voting periods, and vote by mail  expansions. These reforms have been implemented in Illinois, are  popular and effective, and should be implemented in any upcoming  federal legislation responding to COVID-19.   Keeping America safe from terrorism and other national security  threats must remain a  [[Page H1857]]  priority in times of pandemics. We cannot let our preparedness posture  suffer under the weight of a whole-of-government pandemic response or  distracted attention from ongoing Homeland Security initiatives. As a  result, I am pleased the CARES Act reauthorizes the Chemical Facility  Anti-Terrorism Standards program through July 2020 and provides $9  million for the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency to  help secure our supply chains and critical infrastructure during this  crisis.   This important legislation is not the end, our families will need  more. We need to improve health care affordability, expand access to  care, and offer protections from the surprise medical bills that could  arise as a result of COVID-19 testing or treatment. We need a special  open enrollment period to allow uninsured individuals to sign up for  affordable health care. We will need to expand paid family and medical  leave and we will need increased health care worker and pension  protections. Our state and local governments will need more resources  to support their leadership on the ground. And we will likely need more  in payments directly into the hands of Americans so they can continue  to support their families and their local economies. I will fight for  our community's needs and work with my colleagues to get these  priorities included in the next congressional relief package.   The CARES Act puts the health and well-being of families and workers  first, to allow us to recover from COVID-19 and rebuild the U.S.  economy. I am so deeply grateful to the health care providers, first  responders, grocery store clerks, and all the people on the front lines  of this crisis. I am grateful to serve our country at this time of  immense need to care for individuals, families and these United States  of America. Together we will rise. Let's take care of our neighbors.  Wash our hands. And be well. I will see you again soon.   