 Madam Speaker, today I rise in solidarity with my union  brothers and sisters in support of the Protecting the Right to Organize  Act.   Over the last few decades, we have seen the right to unionize, to ban  together, and to fight for the collective rights and dignities of  working people come under attack.   Throughout our Nation's history, these rights and protections have  led to better wages and benefits, safer working conditions, and  protections from workplace harassment and discrimination.   The hard-won battles of our Nation's unions have helped push back  against the vast economic inequities that too often are fueled by the  greed of big corporations and special interests.   I have witnessed many of these victories firsthand, from my early  days on the picket lines with my mother, Sandy--may she rest in power-- who taught me early on that our destinies are tied, that workers'  rights are human rights, and that economic justice is workers' justice.   This is still true today, and the fight continues, from the Stop &  Shop workers, who walked out and fought back for better healthcare for  workers and their families, to the Battery Wharf Hotel workers, who  braved the elements for 79 days fighting for livable wages and  protections for immigrant workers, pregnant workers, and workers of  color.   We cannot and must not take this power for granted.   But for too many workers, ``right-to-work laws'' and other calculated  efforts in States across the country have attempted to diminish the  power of workers. This ends this week as the House considers the PRO  Act, legislation that will protect critical rights to unionize and  protect the rights of workers.   Madam Speaker, I thank Representative  Bobby Scott for his leadership  on this bill to honor and affirm a union's right to their collective  voice. I also thank my colleague, my brother from Michigan, for  organizing this effort.   Madam Speaker, I look forward to supporting this bill, and I urge my  colleagues to do the same.   