 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1425, the Patient  Protection and Affordable Care Enhancement Act.   Today, we deliver on our promise to the American people to undo the  Trump administration's total sabotage of the Affordable Care Act and  make healthcare affordable for every American.   Since the ACA was signed into law, 23 million Americans have been  insured, every person with a preexisting condition was protected, and  children could stay on their parents' health insurance policy until  they turned 26.   Now, in the middle of a pandemic and a recession, the Trump  administration and congressional Republicans are supporting a lawsuit  before the Supreme Court--imagine this--to strike down the entirety of  the ACA. I think that there is one word for this: cruel.   H.R. 1425 does the opposite. It strengthens the ACA and makes  healthcare affordable by lowering premiums and reducing drug prices.   The bill ensures that no American will pay more than 8.5 percent of  their income for insurance premiums, benefiting approximately 20  million Americans.   The bill allows Medicare to directly negotiate the price of the  costliest drugs, and the lower prices will be available to every  American, including those who receive their health insurance through  their employer.   H.R. 1425 extends coverage to nearly 5 million Americans by pushing  the holdout States to finally expand Medicaid. This would be such a  blessing to people in those States whose Governors denied them health  insurance coverage.   It also mandates 12 months of Medicaid coverage for eligible  postpartum mothers.    Madam Speaker, it mandates 12 months of Medicaid coverage  for eligible postpartum mothers and ensures that, once a person is  enrolled in Medicaid, regardless of their income changes, they will be  covered for a full year.   The bill ends the Trump administration's expansion of junk insurance  plans, which exclude coverage of routine care--imagine that; what kind  of policy doesn't cover routine care?--and has left patients on the  hook for thousands of dollars in medical bills, and it reinstates  critical funding for outreach, marketing, and enrollment so more  Americans can easily sign up for insurance.   I am very proud that many parts of this bill originated in the Health  Subcommittee, which I chair, where my first hearings as chair examined  how to strengthen the ACA.   This is good for the American people, especially during this crisis  of a pandemic and a recession.   