 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time  in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment.    Mr. Speaker, I commend my colleague from Michigan for  his leadership on this very important bipartisan issue.   There should not be much dispute around the constitutional basis for  the need of this change. In plain language, civil forfeiture basically  allows police to seize, keep, or sell any property they allege is  involved with a crime. Owners of that property may never be arrested or  convicted of a crime, but they will see their money or their cars or  their homes be promptly taken away permanently.   Now, in 2017, the Department of Justice expanded civil asset  forfeiture, allowing local law enforcement to bypass State laws and  seize property from people with the lowest possible burden of evidence,  again, regardless of whether or not that person was ever convicted or  even charged with a crime.   Furthermore, it puts the burden of proof on the private citizen to go  through the bureaucracy and the red tape to attempt to reclaim their  property, which is extremely difficult to do. This violates the very  principle of our justice system: innocent until proven guilty.   It is a violation of the Fifth Amendment, which says: ``No person  shall be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of  law; nor shall private property be taken for public use without just  compensation.''   Mr. Speaker, this is a commonsense, bipartisan measure. I am proud to  stand in strong support and urge my colleagues to vote ``yes.''    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this en bloc and my  amendment that is included in it.   I am speaking on behalf of our rural communities that face many  challenges in making sure that goods and  [[Page H4148]]  services are accessible to residents and small businesses and that they  actually remain affordable. Communities like mine are no different  where, in many cases, air travel island-by-island is the only means of  access available.   For things such as medical appointments, visiting family, getting to  school, commuting to work or meeting local business needs and more, air  travel is a lifeline.   A national one-size-fits-all regulation on Essential Air Service  fails to acknowledge our unique travel needs and geographic realities.   This amendment extends protections for communities in Hawaii and  Pennsylvania that Congress has long recognized and ensures our rural  populations maintain access to critical transportation resources.   This bipartisan effort eliminates the cost-sharing requirement and  makes sure that our local communities in rural areas remain connected.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support for this amendment.   