 Madam President, I am really proud to stand with a  group of colleagues and leaders who understand what is happening to the  American people and the hardship they are facing and the fact that they  just want some help and they want people to understand that. We are in  the middle of a pandemic. It is not done yet. We know we have to wrap  our arms around what is happening with the healthcare pandemic before  we can do anything else, but in the meantime we have an economic  crisis, and we have a hunger crisis in this country.   It is very hard for me to listen to folks--all of us, none of us are  worried about going hungry tonight, not one. My guess is, we are not  worried about our grandkids or others whom we know going hungry tonight  or our moms and dads, but there are 14 million kids right now who  aren't getting what they need to eat and could very likely go hungry  tonight. They need a safety net.   You know, when I look at what is the priority here with Senate  Republicans, you know who gets a safety net? Wall Street gets a safety  net. The stock market gets a safety net. The Secretary of Treasury will  say: Hey, what do you guys need? We are backing you up. We got your  back. But for the families of our country who, through no fault of  their own, have been put into a situation where they have to worry  about a roof over their head and food on the table and dollars to be  able to pay the bills through help with unemployment, our colleagues  say we have the audacity to think that they ought to have a safety net,  too; that the majority of Americans ought to know that somebody's got  their back.   We are here to say that we are the ones who have their back, and we  hope that before this is done, the Senate and the House will come  together to do that.   Right now, there are senior citizens--a lot of them--who get a  minimum amount of monthly help for their food. It is $16 a month, not a  week--a month. We have the audacity to stand here and want to pass a  Heroes Act that would raise that to $30 a month, and our colleagues  will object to a $14-a-month raise for our poorest senior citizens.   Now, for everyone else, I mean we are looking at about $1.40 per  meal--$1.40 per meal. I would challenge any of us to try and get a meal  for $1.40. What the United States provides for someone who is in need  of help right now is $1.40 per meal, and we have the audacity to be  asking for that to be raised by a little less than $1 a day. That is  what a 15-percent increase in SNAP is. It is a little less than $1 a  day for somebody.   Our colleagues act like this is unbelievable--unbelievable that we  would think people should get 90 cents more a day to help with food.  That is what we are talking about in this package. It is about getting  people help. It is about understanding the hardships that they face and  knowing it is not over and not going to be over for too long.   Let me just stress, in closing, that one of the most efficient ways  we can address stimulating the economy right now is by putting money in  the pockets of people who have to spend it. One of the best ways--in  fact, economists tell us the best way is giving somebody $1 that they  have to go to the grocery store and spend it on food. If you give them  $1, it translates into $1.70 in the economy to the grocery store, the  processor, and the farmer. We need to get this done.   We are also deeply concerned about the proposals they put forward on  education that I will leave for another day, but it is time--it is time  to recognize what people are going through and let them know that  somebody cares and somebody is going to help them and somebody is going  to have their back.   I would yield to my friend and colleague from Ohio who has been such  a leader.   