 Madam Speaker, as a senior member of the Committees  on the Judiciary and Homeland Security, I rise in strong support of  H.R. 8247, the ``Veterans Comprehensive Prevention, Access to Care, and  Treatment Act of 2020'', which makes numerous improvements relating to  Department of Veterans Affairs services offered during the transition  period for veterans, suicide prevention for veterans, in addition to  care and services for women veterans.   First and foremost, I want to thank all of our armed servicemen and  women for their selfless dedication to our protection every day.   This country owes you all a great debt for your sacrifice.   It is no secret that the transition from active duty to civilian life  poses numerous challenges and potential triggers to veterans.   We have all heard the saying ``it takes a village''.   Providing support to veterans who have mental illnesses is no  different.   That is why I appreciate this bill's hands-on approach to involve  loved ones in providing care to veterans who are struggling with their  mental health.   For example, this bill creates a pilot program on information sharing  of the assistance and benefits available to veterans between the  Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) and designated loved ones.   This legislation also stipulates that the VA to carry out an  education program for family members and caregivers of veterans with  mental health disorders.  [[Page H4770]]    It is well known that outreach continues to be a major obstacle for  VA prevention efforts.   H.R. 8247 seeks to address this issue by requiring the VA to contact  veterans by mail, telephone, or email to urge them to come in for a VA  exam, so that they remain ``actively enrolled'' in the VA health care  system.   These continuous check-ins are also key to addressing the startling  suicide rates among veterans.   For instance, veterans are 1.5 times more likely to die by suicide  than Americans who never served in the military.   For female veterans, the risk factor is 2.2 times more likely to die  by suicide.   In 2017 alone, 6,100 veterans died by suicide.   H.R. 8247 improves upon the status quo of care for veterans with  regards to mental health by promoting coordination between the VA and  the Suicide Prevention Coordinator at the nearest VA facility.   This will help in determining if the individual in crisis is eligible  for other VA benefits and make referrals for appropriate follow-on  care.   Madam Speaker, I also applaud the bill's designation of the VA as the  primary payer.   With this provision, we are not only removing the out-of-pocket costs  for veterans with respect to emergent mental health, but we are also  removing a barrier that prevents so many from seeking help.   Veterans are truly heroes walking among us.   Their sacrifices, and those of their families, allow civilians to  enjoy the benefits of our freedom without a second thought.   Without the brave efforts of all the soldiers, sailors, airmen,  marines and Coast Guardsmen and women and their families, our country  would not live so freely.   I offer my deepest gratitude to our nation's troops and reservists,  their families, and the 19.2 million veterans, including 28,227 in my  own district.   Nine in ten military families believe the public does not understand  or appreciate their sacrifices.   Today, Congress has the opportunity to show its appreciation for our  military personnel by voting for H.R. 8247.    Madam Speaker, you know the ordinary people that  this legislation helps in my district are young African-American men  unemployed, young African-American women unemployed, LatinX men and  women, young African-American men, young LatinX men and women, and as  well high school graduates and beyond. That is the ordinary Americans  in H.R. 4447, the Clean Economy Jobs and Innovation Act.   So I thank Mr. Pallone and Ms. Johnson for their leadership.   Let me tell you, Madam Speaker, the journey that I have taken. I have  been an energy lawyer. I have worked in the arena where we have had  fossil fuel. But do you know what, Madam Speaker? The Greater Houston  Partnership, our chamber, has just designated a clean energy director  to work on low carbon in our community.   The transition to a low-carbon society by investing in clean energy  this bill provides, distributing energy resources, an energy storage  system, and a microgrid, all of which builds resiliency and are crucial  to reducing greenhouse gas emissions.   I introduced legislation dealing with wetlands to be able to ensure  that the wetlands would be recaptured when they are being utilized for  energy production, and we use that for the environment and for jobs.   But here we have a response to the issue of low carbon. My district  was devastated by Hurricane Harvey. That is climate change. So it is  important to recognize that climate change disproportionately impacts  low-income communities of color. H.R. 4447 prioritizes clean energy  projects located in low-income, marginalized communities. My  constituents are waiting in line for these jobs. It advances the  development of technologies and practices that expand access to clean  energy.   I represent a community where contamination by creosote came, and  Superfund, trying to clean that up. In the meantime, people are  suffering from cancer clusters. So when we talk about cleaning the  environment and creating jobs, we are long overdue for the Clean  Economy Jobs and Innovation Act.    Madam Speaker, I want to answer the gentleman's  question about ordinary Americans. These are ordinary Americans, some  of whom, because of the climate change or the inequity in environmental  injustice, have faced the wrong side of energy. I want them to face the  good side.   So not only does the bill establish a clean energy workforce  development program to educate and train the next generation of clean  energy researchers, scientists, and professionals, but it also protects  domestic manufacturing by requiring that any project funded under the  act to construct, alter, maintain, or repair a public building or  public work only use iron, steel, and manufactured goods produced in  the United States.   Madam Speaker, this is a new start, but it brings old friends to the  table. It brings Houston with the Greater Houston Partnership with a  clean energy director who wants to move toward low carbon. It brings  energy companies that I questioned during the BP spill that indicated  to me they have a huge environmental section in their corporations. We  can all work together.   I am a strong supporter of the Clean Economy Jobs and Innovation Act  because it is going to bring jobs and re-envision America.   Madam Speaker, as a senior member of the House Judiciary and Homeland  Committees, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4447, the ``Clean Economy  Jobs and Innovation Act,'' which makes long-overdue reforms to U.S.  energy policy and authorizes major investments in the transition to a  low-carbon future.   This robust legislation promises to usher in a new era in American  innovation, serving as a down-payment on comprehensive climate action.   It includes:   Programs to develop and deploy renewable and distributed energy  resources; improve the efficiency of our homes and businesses;  electrify our transportation sector; modernize the grid and enhance its  resiliency; prioritize the needs of environmental justice communities;  and reduce carbon pollution from industrial and traditional sources.   Taken together, these measures provide a path towards modernizing our  energy system while also taking an important forward in addressing the  current the climate crisis in addition to growing our economy.   Specifically, this bill supports the transition to a low-carbon  economy by investing in clean energy, distributed energy resources,  energy storage systems, and microgrid, all of which build resiliency  and are crucial to reducing greenhouse gas emissions.   Furthermore, H.R. 4447 sets new energy efficiency standards for  buildings, which roughly count towards 30 percent of greenhouse gas  pollution, and provides funding for schools, homes, municipal  buildings, and manufacturing facilities to improve efficiency and  deploy energy-efficient technologies.   Reducing our carbon output is crucial in the fight against this  current climate crisis, and we are in a crisis.   With wildfires raging on the west coast and multiple ``500-year''  floods on the Gulf Coast every few years, there is no room for denials  or protestations against the existence of climate change.   In 2017, Hurricane Harvey devastated my district.   Rainfall from the storm was calculated to be between 50 and 60 inches  in some areas, causing roughly $125 billion in damage, displacing over  100,000 people, and leaving approximately 103 people dead.   For years, climate scientists have warned that global warming is  creating conditions that allow these storms to become more powerful,  and perhaps even more frequent.   According to the 2014 Climate Assessment, produced by the federal  government, the amount of water vapor in the atmosphere has increased  due to human-caused warming, causing extra moisture to be available to  storm systems and resulting in heavier rainfalls.   Throughout my tenure in Congress, I have been a staunch advocate for  innovation and increased funding for research and development, and I am  proud that this bill prioritizes this too.   H.R. 4447 authorizes over $4 billion for research, development  demonstration, and commercial application to advance cutting-edge  renewable energy technologies, including solar, wind, geothermal, and  waterpower.   It also drives investment in clean energy innovation by increasing  funding for the Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy, including a  path to double its funding by fiscal year 2025.   Madam Speaker, it is no secret that climate change disproportionately  impacts low-income, communities of color.   H.R. 4447 prioritizes clean energy projects located in low-income and  marginalized communities and advances the development of technologies  and practices that expand access to clean energy, including $25 million  for grants to deploy energy storage and microgrids in rural communities  and $1 billion for solar installations in low-income communities.   In addition, the bill restores private rights of action against  recipients of federal funding based on discriminatory disparate  impacts.   I have seen first-hand the reality of environmental injustice in my  own district.   The Fifth Ward and the northeast neighborhoods in Houston, Texas, are  predominantly comprised of African American residents.   They are some of the oldest and poorest communities in Houston.   The median income in the area is $26,644, compared to $49,399 for all  of Houston.   About 35 percent of families here live in poverty, more than double  Harris County's 14 percent poverty rate, according to the Census.   It is also the location of a cancer cluster due to creosote  contamination from the neighboring railroad yard.   For decades, a railroad company operated a wood treatment facility,  dipping railroad ties in the preservative creosote, a cancer-causing  chemical listed as a hazardous substance by the Environmental  Protection Agency.   The creosote emitted fumes, leached into the soil and ran through  ditches when it rained or flooded.   At my urging, the Texas Department of State Health Services (DSHS),  conducted a  [[Page H4872]]  major study on the incidences of cancer clusters in the Houston and  found that ``the numbers of esophagus, lung and bronchus and larynx  cancers were statistically significantly greater than is expected based  on cancer rates in Texas [writ large].''   This is not a unique occurrence.   The prevalence of cancer clusters and other health disparities in  low-income, communities of color happens far too often across the  nation.   This clean energy bill can help many neighborhoods like these.   The Clean Economy Jobs and Innovation Act also includes provisions to  improve workforce development and provide labor protections.   Not only does the bill establish a clean energy workforce development  program to educate and train the next generation of clean energy  researchers, scientists, and professionals, but it also protects  domestic manufacturing by requiring that any project funded under the  Act to construct, alter, maintain, or repair a public building or  public work only use iron, steel, and manufactured goods produced in  the United States.   As we seek to rebuild our economy from the devastation of the  coronavirus pandemic, we must look to invest in sectors of the economy  that are ripe for growth.   Prior to the coronavirus pandemic, clean energy was one of the  biggest and fastest-growing employers across the country.   In 2019, clean energy's share of the entire energy workforce was 40  percent.   In fact, Texas boasted the second-highest number of clean energy jobs  with over 233,000 clean energy workers.   Furthermore, Texas served as the nation's largest contributor of  wind-generated jobs in the nation, with over 25,000 Texas working on  wind energy and an additional 192,000 jobs in energy efficient heating  and cooling systems, solar power, and electric vehicles.   Madam Speaker, investing in clean energy and properly training the  workforce for this new economic sector is the key to creating more  high-paying jobs in the United States.   According to the Brookings Institute, jobs in green energy sectors  often pay better.   Even for hourly workers in jobs like electricians and carpenters,  which require a lower threshold of formal education, around 50 percent  of workers have completed only high school or less, and yet they earn  higher wages than their counterparts in other industries.   I applaud the forethought of this bill and appreciate its dual focus  of addressing the factors that contribute to the current climate crisis  as well as seizing the economic opportunities that this challenge  presents.   I urge my colleagues from both parties to join me in voting to pass  H.R. 4447.   