 Madam Speaker, I rise to support the rule and this  comprehensive legislation, which prohibits all flavored tobacco  products.   Madam Speaker, I commend Chairman Frank Pallone and Congresswoman  Donna Shalala for their leadership.   The youth vaping epidemic is a public health emergency that threatens  our youngsters. According to the Centers for Disease Control and  Prevention, one in four high schoolers are using e-cigarettes, and not  just occasionally. More than a third of users in high school said that  they were smoking e-cigarettes at least 20 days a month.   My granddaughter, who is a high schooler, when I asked her about  this, she said it is everywhere, that everyone is smoking e-cigarettes.   Last year, I hosted a hearing on the youth vaping crisis in the  Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education Subcommittee. As  experts have said, the flavors are a key factor in this. Seven out of  10 current youth e-cigarette users said that they used e-cigarettes  because ``they come in flavors I like.''   Nearly all, or 97 percent, had used a flavored e-cigarette in the  past month. Mango, mint, cotton candy, and gummy bears are just some of  the 15,000 flavors still available, thanks to the loophole-laden action  the Trump administration took in January.   The President made a promise in the Oval Office to American families  to  [[Page H1236]]  ban flavors, which are hooking our youngsters. They are becoming  addicted. But special interests appear to be more important. He allowed  popular flavors like menthol to remain for products like the popular  Juul device. He allowed disposable vapes of all flavors to remain on  the market.   It is unacceptable. The health of our children must be our priority.  So, the Democratic majority of the United States House of  Representatives is stepping up for our children by voting for this bill  and this rule. We can ban flavors and take comprehensive action to  defend our kids.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote for the rule and the  bill.   