 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, a War  Powers Resolution that states that the President of the United States  must consult Congress before going to war with Iran. This is simply  what our Constitution requires.   For me, this is not a theoretical exercise. My husband spent 30 years  in the Army and retired as a colonel. We actually met on my third tour  in Iraq, when I was a CIA officer. My stepdaughter is a brand-new Army  officer. My son-in-law's unit is stationed at Al Asad Air Base, which  was just targeted by ballistic missiles this week.   If our loved ones are going to be sent to fight in any protracted  war, the President owes the American public a conversation. The  resolution we will be voting on today allows us to start that debate,  as our Founders intended.   Let me be clear: The Government of Iran is a leading state sponsor of  terrorism and engages in a range of destabilizing activities across the  Middle East. I have experienced these personally as a former CIA  analyst. I served multiple tours in Iraq, three tours. My specialty is  Iranian-backed Shia militias.   I have followed Iran's destabilizing activity in Iraq up close for my  entire professional career. I have watched friends and colleagues hurt  or killed by Iranian rockets, mortars, and explosive devices. Iranian  General Qasem Soleimani was the lead architect of much of Iran's  destabilizing activities in the Middle East and throughout the world.   To that end, with Iran or with any other adversary, the United States  always has the inherent right and obligation to self-defense against  imminent armed attacks--always. The United States always maintains the  right and the responsibility to ensure the safety of our diplomatic  personnel and our Armed Forces serving abroad.   When it comes to the matter of longer term war either as something  that we choose as a Nation or as something that we find ourselves in,  as Members of this body, we have a constitutional responsibility to  authorize the use of military force.   The Framers of our Constitution rightly believed that the power to  declare war belongs in the Congress because this would ensure that the  American people, through the legislators they elected, weigh the most  significant decision a government can make.   To this end, the resolution does a few simple things.   First, it states that the President does not currently have  authorization for war against Iran, which his own Secretary of Defense  acknowledged in a congressional hearing last month.   Second, it requires the President to get congressional authorization  if he wants to conduct a protracted war with Iran.   Third, it makes clear that the President maintains the authority to  use force to prevent imminent attacks against the United States or our  forces. As someone who has spent her career  [[Page H95]]  in national security, it is extremely important to me that this  resolution in no way ties the President's hands or takes away any  capabilities from our military commanders to respond in self-defense  for ourselves and our allies.   We have been at war for nearly two decades, which has spanned both  Republican and Democratic administrations, as my colleague pointed out.  In that time, Congress has voted only twice to authorize the use of  military force, in 2001 and 2002.   Congress has long abdicated its responsibility as laid out in the  Constitution to make the hard decisions we owe our troops when it comes  to authorizing war. We owe it to our military and to ourselves as a  Nation to open this conversation on the authorization of military  force, to provide our troops that clarity, and to abide by the  Constitution that we have all sworn to protect.   I urge my colleagues, Republicans and Democrats, to support this  resolution. I know it is a political time, but my attempt was to hew  exactly to what our Founders intended.   