 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2, the  Moving Forward Act.   Our country is in serious need of bold and comprehensive  infrastructure reform. This was true before the coronavirus pandemic,  and it is even more urgent as we combat the ongoing economic and public  health crisis.   While all communities across the country will benefit from  infrastructure reform, this is an important opportunity to create a  level playing field and provide critical infrastructure to historically  underserved communities.   As a member of the Rural Broadband Task Force, I am pleased to see  that H.R. 2 provides $100 billion in critical funding for broadband.  This will increase access in rural communities, improve affordability  for working families and help close the digital divide in rural  communities like Alabama's Black Belt.   This legislation also provides $40 billion in new wastewater  infrastructure which will help address one of the most severe public  health crises facing families in my district.   As a former bond lawyer, I am proud that this bill offers easier ways  for our counties, municipalities, and nonprofits to invest in our local  infrastructure. I fought to include provisions like Build America Bonds  and my legislation to expand the use of bank-qualified bonds for  smaller issuers. These impactful tools will expand infrastructure and  investments and lower the costs of financing.   Finally, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 2 will also include a bill that I have  been trying to get through Congress for a while, and that would be to  make permanent the New Markets Tax Credit, which are a vital tool for  driving investments in historically underserved communities, and it  increases an allocation to jump-start these important projects.   Mr. Speaker, the Moving Forward Act will not only expand our  investments in critical infrastructure projects, but they would also  give communities like mine in Alabama's Black Belt who suffer from a  lack of resources and opportunities the chance to catch up and to get  ahead.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this important  legislation.   