 Madam Speaker, first let me thank the chairman  of our Foreign Affairs Committee, Mr. Engel, for his kind words of  congratulations and also for his persistent and steady leadership on  this issue and so many issues.   I also want to take a moment to thank Speaker Pelosi; Majority Leader  Hoyer; our whip, Mr. Clyburn; and also Congresswoman Jayapal and  Congressman Pocan. And I have to give a shout-out to my staff; our  legislative director, Emma Mehrabi; my chief of staff, Julie Nickson;  all of Team Lee; Mr. Engel's staff; all of our staffs who have come  together, who have exhibited such an unwavering dedication and  patriotism on this issue.   My bipartisan amendment before us today, Madam Speaker, would repeal  the 2002 Iraq Authorization for Use of Military Force, AUMF.   It is important to note that nearly 75 percent of current Members  were not serving when this AUMF was passed in 2002. I have long fought  to repeal this. And what we knew then is that the 2003 invasion of Iraq  was based on lies told by our own executive branch.   Let me remind you now that, in 2002, I stood here and urged us not to  rush into war. I offered an amendment to the AUMF that was presented  that would have prevented the war by requiring the inspectors to allow  verifiable information with regard to the alleged weapons of mass  destruction before we took military action.   That amendment received 72 votes. But had it passed, it would have  exposed the false intelligence that the war was based on. There were no  weapons of mass destruction in Iraq. That is what the 2002  authorization authorized and was about.   So I stand here once again urging Congress to do its job, this time  by repealing the long-outdated and unnecessary 2002 AUMF. Not only is  it not needed for any current counterterrorism operations, but  repealing it would have absolutely no impact on the administration's  ongoing military operations.   Let me be clear: Congress passed the 2002 AUMF to address the  perceived threat posed by the regime of Saddam Hussein. U.S. military  deployments and operations carried out under this AUMF, dubbed  Operation Iraqi Freedom, officially ended in 2011. Almost 18 years  after the resolution's passage, the United States recognizes the  sovereignty of Iraq and considers the Iraqi Government a key ally.   Madam Speaker, leaving this authorization on the books is both  dangerous and irresponsible. Doing so would allow any administration to  use it for military action that Congress never intended to authorize.  It will continue to allow these wars without end.   Congress must make clear that any President must seek specific  authorization for the use of force against Iran or any country. The  2002 AUMF was specifically authorized to rid Iraq of weapons of mass  destruction which did not exist. That is why this is so important and  something that we have already voted on, as our chairman indicated.   Make no mistake: We are here today to rein in this President and any  President, rein in their abuse of executive power, and to make clear  that Congress has the sole constitutional duty to declare war and  authorize the use of force.   This should not be a partisan issue. Part of that responsibility is  in ensuring that authorizations do not remain indefinitely, leaving  them subject to use far outside those which Congress intended.   For example, the Trump administration has said that the 2002 AUMF has  been used to justify attacks on Iran. These arguments have absolutely  no basis in reality, underscoring the need for immediate action by  Congress. That is why the outdated AUMF must be repealed, to prevent  further abuse by this administration. We can't allow any irrational  decisionmaking to drag us into an unnecessary and catastrophic war of  choice in the Middle East.   And, Madam Speaker, let me just remind you of this. As the daughter  of a veteran who served valiantly in two wars, I know personally the  cost and consequences of war. I know that they are grave.   Several thousands of our brave servicemen were killed, thousands more  have permanent injuries, seen and unseen. We have witnessed the  horrific rise of suicide and deep strains placed on our military  families, and we must always remember the tens of thousands of Iraqis  killed as well and trillions of taxpayer dollars spent.   Of course, the unnecessary U.S. invasion of Iraq also sparked, yes,  the rise of ISIS and allowed Iran to establish a presence in Iraq.   Madam Speaker, we all know that our top priority is to protect our  national security, our brave troops, our  [[Page H729]]  allies, and the American people. It is past time to finally exercise  our constitutional duty and muster the courage to vote on matters of  war and peace.   Madam Speaker, I again thank Mr. Engel and my colleagues, and I urge  them to vote ``yes'' on this amendment.   