 Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman Scott for yielding.   Mr. Chairman, today, by supporting the bipartisan Protecting Older  Workers Against Discrimination Act, we can protect the civil rights of  older workers who are striving to provide for themselves and their  families.   According to recent data from the Census Bureau and the Bureau of  Labor Statistics, the percentage of retirement-age Americans in the  labor force has doubled since 1985. Unfortunately, age discrimination  in the workplace remains disturbingly pervasive. According to the AARP,  three in five workers over the age of 45 reported seeing or  experiencing age discrimination on the job. Americans are living and  working longer, and we must do all we can to protect them from  discrimination.   My home State of Oregon has one of the most rapidly aging populations  in this country. I have heard from workers, many in the technology  industry, who believe they have been dismissed or denied employment  because of their age. My office has helped older workers who have filed  age discrimination complaints at the Equal Employment Opportunity  Commission, but the burden and the outcomes are very uncertain.   In 1967 Congress passed the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, or  ADEA, to prohibit age discrimination in the workplace and to promote  the employment of older workers. Then in 2009 the Supreme Court in the  Gross case changed the burden of proof for workers and made it much  harder for workers to prove age discrimination. This bipartisan bill  simply returns the burden of proof to what it was for decades before  the Gross case.   I joined Chairman Scott and Congressman Sensenbrenner in  reintroducing the bipartisan Protecting Older Workers Against  Discrimination Act to amend the ADEA and our other core civil rights  laws: the anti-retaliation provision of Title VII of the Civil Rights  Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, and the Rehabilitation Act of  1973. We need to make our laws clear. Unlawful discrimination in the  workplace is unacceptable.   Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman Scott and Congressman Sensenbrenner  for their work on this important issue, and I urge all of my colleagues  to support this bill.   