 Mr. Speaker, as Co-Chair of the House Oceans Caucus, I  rise in support of S. 914, a bill to reauthorize and increase funding  for the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Observation System.   The ocean covers more than 70 percent of the planet, but despite our  intrinsic connection to our ocean we know very little about what is  beneath its surface. The eleven Integrated Ocean Observing System  regional networks use satellites, buoys, underwater gliders, and tide  gauges to deliver accurate and continuous data on our ocean and coasts.  I was pleased to work with my House Oceans Caucus Co-Chair, Congressman  Don Young, on the House companion to reauthorize these important ocean  observation efforts.   Coastal communities, like those I represent in Northwest Oregon, rely  on accurate ocean data and monitoring for information about ocean  acidification, harmful algal blooms and hypoxia, sea level rise,  flooding, navigation, and port security. In the Pacific Northwest, we  are fortunate to have the Northwest Association of Networked Ocean  Observing Systems leading the way. Tribes, commercial fisheries,  emergency responders, and public health officials rely on the free and  open access data collected by NANOOS to learn about threats to the  health of our ocean. I am excited about the partnership between NANOOS  and the Columbia River Inter-Tribal Fish Commission that focuses on the  Center for Coastal Margin Observation and Prediction and will help to  further our understanding of ocean-estuary interactions. I appreciate  the continued innovation from NANOOS to meet the needs of our  communities along the Pacific Coast and the Columbia River.   I am also pleased that this bill directs NOAA to conduct a  vulnerability assessment to identify communities that are dependent on  coastal and ocean resources and that may be affected by ocean  acidification. I am grateful for the bipartisan support for  strengthening our understanding of the socioeconomic effects of ocean  acidification on a range of geographically diverse coastal communities,  and I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues on this  issue.   To protect and preserve one of our planet's greatest natural  resources, we must rapidly accelerate the collection, management, and  dissemination of ocean data collection and monitoring. I recently  joined my colleagues on the House Select Committee on the Climate  Crisis in releasing a bold, science-based comprehensive Climate Action  Plan to set our nation on a path to net-zero emissions no later than  midcentury and net-negative thereafter. I'm thrilled that our plan for  solving the climate crisis recognizes the power of our ocean as part of  the solution. Our Climate Action Plan specifically includes the  Coordinated Ocean Observations and Research Act to strengthen ocean  observations.   Thank you to NANOOS for their efforts to accurately predict, model,  and manage ocean observation data that support the needs of our region.  I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill.   