 Mr. Speaker, I thank very much the distinguished  manager, the honorable Barbara Lee. I am most grateful for her yielding  to me. Also, let me acknowledge the very important work that she has  done over the years in disparities and racial equity. I thank her for  being my partner in H.R. 40, and me her partner in H. Res. 100, that  really also speaks to the pain and the issues of disparities.   We look forward to reconciliation and we look forward to repair with  those two initiatives. Let me also acknowledge the chair of the  Congressional Black Caucus for gathering us all together, and my  colleagues that are here, and my colleague that has just joined us,  Congresswoman Adams.   Let me try to address where we are nationwide and how disparities  weaves its way into this phenomenon of the transfer of power--the  peaceful transfer of power--and how the President's status of the  President-elect and Vice President-elect is interwoven in how to best  respond to one of the disparities in healthcare, and that is COVID-19.   Mr. Speaker, first to take note of the fact that the stability of the  United States electoral system is remarkable, it first involved the  election of 1800, which marked the first time in United States history  that power was transferred. The second was the 1876 election, which the  President was chosen, who won neither the absolute majority popular  vote nor the necessary electoral votes, but it was resolved by the  infamous Hayes-Tilden Compromise. The third instance involved the 2000  election, which sought the Supreme Court effectively deciding the  Presidency. But in each of those moments there was an end. In each of  those moments there was a transfer of power.   We find ourselves now in a quandary. Believe it or not, there are  people who are on ventilators. There are people in El Paso and Dallas  who are in hospitals, who are being negatively impacted by the idea of  the lack of peaceful engagement, specifically because the President- elect and Vice President-elect definitively need to be able to secure  information to have their COVID-19 task force speak with the White  House task force to understand prospectively how vaccines will be  transferred or implemented throughout the Nation.   So as people are languishing on hospital beds, as loved ones are  saying goodbye over telephones, we have this inability to transfer  power. Our history has shown the transfer of power in the Nation. It  was designed as a benefit. It can be harmed when the transition is not  smooth and transparent, which can be invariably attributed to one or  more of the following reasons.   The outgoing President is still engaged in the building of his or her  legacy in the final months of the administration; two, there are sharp  differences in philosophy or style between the outgoing and incoming  administration; or the current or future President actively makes  trouble for his or her successor.   In this timeframe, I hope my colleagues, Republicans and Democrats,  will find a way, as we come back to Washington, to be able to look to  the transition of Dwight D. Eisenhower and John F. Kennedy, for  example, and speak to the idea of how this should go; or maybe even  from Lyndon Baines Johnson and Richard Nixon, opposite parties, but yet  they found a way to come together in the wake of the importance of the  Constitution and democracy.   Why would I start a health disparities discussion on the transfer of  power?   As I indicated, it is very important for the work that is going to be  part of containing COVID-19 to really start now, to really start now  with a new attitude about wearing masks, socially distance, washing  your hands, and yes, testing, testing, testing.   That is what I have found as a chair of the bipartisan Congressional  COVID Task Force where we have been working on doing the work of  implementing and talking about the diagnostic testing and all its  gradations over the past couple of months.   Our first testing site in Houston was opened on March 19. We have  opened 41 test sites. The most recent was this past Saturday. We open  the 42nd on this coming Saturday. The question in disparities is very,  very real. The pandemics dealing with racial disparities indicates that  there are 74 Black or African-American persons out of 100,000 impacted  by COVID; Alaska Native and American Indian, 40; Hispanic or Latino,  40; Asian, 31; White, 30; Native Hawaiian, 29; others, 29.   We can see that there are large numbers of African Americans,  Hispanic, and American Indian. We just heard that the Navajo community  will be shutting down for a period of time. That is how devastating  COVID-19 is. That is how much the disparities in healthcare are  evident.   Let me share with you this question of disparities and underlying  conditions. Those are numbers of the number of deaths. So the number of  deaths is much higher among African Americans and Hispanics.   Why?   Thirty percent more likely to die of CVD--that is cardiovascular  disease--that is Black Americans. Latin Americans, 40 percent more  likely to die from stroke. And then it goes on. Two times as likely to  die as an infant, two times more likely to die of asthma, three times  more likely to develop ESRD, two times more likely to die from prostate  cancer, two times on cervical cancer, three times in pregnancy. There  is still a high level of maternal mortality among African Americans.    As it relates to Latin Americans and Hispanics, two times more likely  to die of liver cancer, two times more likely to die of asthma, 1.7  more times to have diabetes, and two times more likely to die of HIV- AIDS. Which is why we see this increasing number of those on that  ethnic backgrounds, African Americans, Hispanics and, of course, Native  Americans and Alaskans, because of the underlying conditions and the  lack of access to healthcare.   We are on this floor today because, as members of the Tri-Caucus, we  have made it our constructive business, starting from the Affordable  Care Act, to deal with the question of health disparities. As a Member  of Congress many years back, I authored legislation to create an Office  of Health Disparities in the Health and Human Services Department,  knowing that there was a lack of recognition of different clinicals  that African Americans were not participating in, men and women.  Hispanic men and women were not participating in those as well.   In the course of the work that we are doing right now, we are seeing  a high number of deaths. Texas hit 1 million cases on November 6. We  were the first State to hit 1 million cases. Now, in Dallas and El  Paso, my sister cities, my colleagues who are there working very hard,  our hospitals are being oversaturated. The same thing that happened to  Houston, Texas, in July of 2020.   And so it is crucial to do three things: One, we must pass the Heroes  [[Page H5755]]  Act. We are desperate for that money in testing, desperate for PPPs,  desperate for PPEs. We are now running out of PPEs in some of these  saturated towns. We are desperate, as I said, for testing. We are  desperate for economic dollars that are needed.   Every testing site that I have had--most of them, let me clarify  that, we have had full distribution by our Houston Food Bank, because  people need food. And as evidenced with lines in my sister State, just  a day or two ago in Los Angeles, we saw cars and cars and cars of  individuals recognizing that testing was crucial.   I believe that we cannot ignore anymore. There must be cooperation  with our Republican friends, I will call them, to deal with providing  this financial relief to our cities and to all of our constituents who  are desperately in need. We must acknowledge the health disparities. It  is important both in the White House task force, we know that it is  happening in the COVID task force under the President-elect and Vice  President-elect, that health disparities can kill.   And we can see that the lack of a transition of power right at this  time, the continued denial of who has been the victor, so that the  General Services Administration can stop violating the administrative  procedure code in not allowing the resources necessary for the team  that is now in place looking to transition to power with the existing  Presidency being stopped, not by law, not by any determination that you  did not meet the standard of victory in terms of the Electoral College,  but by an individual administrator who indicates that they refuse to  certify and to allow that transfer of funds for them to work on.   So I thank the gentlewoman for allowing me to present today, to speak  both on the disparities and the needs for response, but also on the  devastating impact of COVID-19 impacting now several States.   Mr. Speaker, I want to close on this. I want to say it to America. We  are coming on our holidays, and many different faiths celebrate their  holidays during this time, from Thanksgiving to, in the Christian  faith, Christmas, but many different faiths. I am not here to judge how  and which faith will be celebrating this very special time of the year.  We beg of you, on the basis of science, to realize that because someone  is your family member does not mean that they are immune or that they  cannot transfer COVID to you, or they are not asymptomatic. My message  is that we must test, test, test.   Today, I had a press conference in Houston, and I want to read these  words as I close. I would encourage all cities and States to follow  what was utilized in Los Angeles. It was effective. And that is a  public safety alert. A public safety alert that is simple, that goes  out to the text of all citizens.   COVID-19 cases are increasing. Please wear a mask and social  distance. Get tested if you have symptoms or might have been exposed. I  would add to that, get tested because you may be asymptomatic. That  simple note to the text of people in that State allowed thousands of  individuals to see the importance of getting tested, and they went to  the testing sites. That is going to help contain and stop the community  spread.   So my message is, as you get into Thanksgiving, please do your events  outside. If you are inside, doing them 10 or less. Please ask all of  your relatives and loved ones to get tested, tested, tested, so that we  can contain this preceding the vaccine, which we know is coming, but is  not coming as soon as we would like.   We also know that we will be addressing the question of  implementation and distribution as it relates to people of color and  those who suffer disparities, along with the elderly and those  underlying conditions.   You will not get a vaccine tomorrow. While we are waiting for that  process, we need to do what is right. And that is to continue to social  distance, wearing the mask and getting tested.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her kindness and her  leadership.   Mr. Speaker, today I rise to join my colleagues during this Special  Order to shed light on the impact of COVID-19 on communities of color.   I want to recognize and thank Congresswoman Karen Bass and the  Congressional Black Caucus for hosting this hour, so that we may not  only speak about the disproportionate impact of the coronavirus on  communities of color but also call upon the federal government to  address these devastating inequities.   Mr. Speaker, before addressing the devastating impact of the COVID-19  crisis on communities of color, I wish to speak briefly on the  important subject of presidential transitions and the peaceful transfer  of power for which the United States is justly celebrated around the  world.   The stability of the United States electoral system is remarkable,  but this does not mean it has never been tested; it has--three times-- and weathered each crisis.   The first involved the election of 1800, which marked the first time  in United States history that power had transferred peacefully between  political parties.   The second involved the 1876 election, in which a president was  chosen who won neither the absolute majority popular vote nor the  necessary number of electoral votes and was resolved by the infamous  `Hayes-Tilden Compromise,' which effectively ended Reconstruction.   The third instance involved the 2000 election which saw the Supreme  Court effectively decide the presidency by ordering the cessation of  ballot counting in the state of Florida.   Mr. Speaker, what enabled the country to weather these crises is that  all parties, including the victor and the vanquished, understood and  accepted the primacy of the rule of law and the bedrock democratic  value that power is only legitimately conveyed by the people through  their votes and is held in trust and to be used exclusively to protect  and advance the national interest.   A peaceful transfer of power implies also a smooth and seamless  transition from outgoing administration to the incoming one, which has  usually but not always been the case.   Our history has shown how the transfer of power, and the nation it  was designed to benefit, can be harmed when the transition is not  smooth and transparent, which can invariably be attributed to one or  more of the following reasons: (1) the outgoing president is still  engaged in the business of building his or her legacy in the final  months of the administration; (2) there are sharp differences in  philosophy or style between the outgoing and incoming administrations;  or (3) the current or future president actively makes trouble for his  successor or predecessor.   The transition between President Dwight D. Eisenhower and the newly  elected John F. Kennedy is an example of the dangers of presidential  legacy building post-election because Eisenhower authorized covert  programs for regime change in what is today the Democratic Republic of  the Congo, in the Dominican Republic, and, most famously, against Fidel  Castro's Cuba but none of these programs were completed by the time  Kennedy took the oath of office.   The second form of trouble can come from the soon-to-be-powerful  people on the receiving end of a transition, as when incoming President  George W. Bush failed to pay due heed to the warnings received from  then President Bill Clinton about the dangers of Osama Bin Laden and Al  Qaeda.   But far the most serious harm to be avoided stems from the failure of  the outgoing administration to prioritize and expedite the sharing of  vital information and resources with the incoming administration.   This is the danger we currently face in the aftermath of President- elect Biden's resounding victory in the Electoral College and the  popular vote.   Mr. Speaker, the federal government is perhaps the most complex  organization in the world because it involves a $5 trillion-plus  budget, four million person workforce, including the military and  reservists, who are stationed all over the globe, and two million  career civil servants in hundreds of operating units of the Executive  Branch, not to mention the 4,000 political appointments made by the  President.   So, a presidential transition of this enterprise is a massive  operation that requires a lot of work, time, and cooperation in three  important areas.   The first is access to the agencies themselves--there are over 100  operating in the government--and the incoming team needs to understand  what's happening inside them because each and every one of them have  different urgent issues that they are addressing and deciding,  including for example, the approval and distribution of any vaccine for  COVID-19 and dealing with the economic damage caused by the pandemic.   The second area is the processing of personnel, 1,200 of whom require  Senate confirmation and who will need security clearances and financial  agreements with the Office of Government Ethics to make sure there are  no conflicts.   Third, the incoming President must have access to the President's  Daily Brief, to ensure it has awareness and understanding of the most  current threats and challenges facing our nation.  [[Page H5756]]    The final area is providing funding needed to pay the salaries and  expenses of the incoming administration's transition personnel.   I call upon the current President to honor his oath of office to  defend, protect, and preserve the Constitution and America's sacred  tradition of peaceful transfers of power and begin the full and  seamless transition to the Biden Administration.   Turning to the immediate subject at hand, we must recognize the  impact of COVID-19 on people of color and its devastating consequences  on the communities we represent.   As a Founding Member of the Bipartisan Congressional Coronavirus Task  Force, I call upon my fellow Members of Congress to not only recognize  the disproportionate impact of this virus on communities of color but  also to come together to redress this reality.   I first saw news reports on the rapid spread of the coronavirus in  early January.   As the numbers of infected increased, I knew this was not something  to be taken lightly, so I began to monitor the situation more closely.   On February 10, 2020, I held the first press conference on the issue  of the novel coronavirus at Houston Intercontinental Airport, where I  was joined by public health officials, local unions, and advocates to  raise awareness regarding the virus, the implications it might have for  travel to the United States from China, and the need to combat early  signs of discrimination targeting Asian businesses in the United  States.   From the onset of this pandemic, I have actively worked to address  the negative and unequal affects of this disease on people of color.   I have facilitated the opening of 41 COVID-19 testing sites, which  have collectively provided over 200,000 tests to residents in Harris  County, one of the most diverse counties in the state of Texas.   Across the United States, Black individuals comprise thirteen percent  of the population.   Yet, we experience a higher rate of incarceration and health  disparities, are more vulnerable to economic slowdowns, and are even  more likely to get COVID-19 and face significantly worse health  outcomes from the disease.   Disparities tell the story of living while Black in America, and  there are disparities in every aspect of African American life and  death.   Right now, Black people are dying at 2.2 times the rate and Latinx  people at two times the rate of white people.   Whereas American Indian and Alaska Native people are 5.3 times more  likely than white people to be hospitalized due to COVID-19.   My district of Harris County has reported over 175,000 total cases of  coronavirus, of which over 17,300 identify as Black and over 37,700  identify as Hispanic or Latinx.   From a high prevalence of preexisting conditions to limited  employment opportunities to additional structural inequities that are  the result of implicit bias and racial discrimination, there are  several factors at play for why communities of color are  disproportionately affected by the coronavirus,   For example, the African American community is known to be highly  affected by preexisting conditions, such as diabetes, heart disease,  hypertension, lung disease, and obesity.   With these underlying health conditions, many African Americans  suffer from an impaired immune system, thereby dramatically increasing  the risk of being infected with and the fatality of the coronavirus.   Limited employment opportunities also play a role in understanding  why people of color are most affected by this disease.   According to the Center for Economic and Policy Research, Black  workers make up about one in nine workers overall, but they represent  about one in six front-line-industry workers, further increasing the  disproportionate likelihood of being exposed to and contracting the  virus.   These disparities cannot be separated from the history of enslavement  of Black people and subsequent periods of segregation, racialized  violence, pervasive racial discrimination and their ongoing impacts.   With that in mind, I urge my colleagues to support my bill, H.R. 40,  the Commission to Study and Develop Reparation Proposals for African- Americans Act, as it is the most comprehensive legislative solution to  begin repairing the legacy of systemic racism and accounting for the  harms of past and present.   Mr. Speaker, it is abundantly clear that people across the United  States are struggling in the face of this epidemic.   As Members of Congress, we have a duty to our constituents to address  this vicious cycle of socioeconomic disparities that further the  inequities facing communities of color, especially during the COVID-19  crisis.   We must come together to ensure that COVID-19 relief extends to all  members of our communities.   