 Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the Patient Protection and  Affordable Care Enhancement Act.   As a pediatrician, and a patient with type 1 diabetes, I know how  important it is to have real access to healthcare. The Affordable Care  Act was a phenomenal first step. It provided protection for 26 million  Americans with preexisting conditions who otherwise would not have had  access to health insurance, made sure young people were covered until  age 26, and designated primary care and access to birth control as  essential.   Of course, it was imperfect. It was intended to be a first step. Now,  with 10 years of experience, we know how to improve it by addressing  the serious issues of cost and access.   The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Enhancement Act does just  that, with a special emphasis on children and communities of color who,  for too long, have faced health disparities.   Also, with this bill, a family of four in my district would save an  estimated $8,000 a year on health insurance. This legislation provides  permanent funding for the Children's Health Insurance Program so that  children will be able to get healthcare they need right from the start.  I am particularly excited that this bill also includes the Kids' Access  to Primary Care Act, a bipartisan bill I introduced to expand primary  care access for children and families on Medicaid.   By matching Medicaid reimbursement rates to higher Medicare rates,  Medicaid patients will have access to more physicians, and children  will get the care they need when they need it from their very own  primary care physician. That kind of access to care should not depend  on ZIP Code, income, or skin color.   The toll this pandemic has taken on already disadvantaged communities  drives home the need for everyone to have affordable access to the care  they need. That is why this bill, the Patient Protection and Affordable  Care Enhancement Act, is so important.   No family should ever face bankruptcy because of medical expenses. As  one of the few doctors in Congress, I will always work to ensure that  everyone can afford the care they need.   