 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, if you walk outside this building and  take a few steps toward the White House, you can almost hear the cries  for justice still ringing out through the air; you can almost still  smell the tear gas lingering over our Nation's Capital. Listen closely  and you might still be able to catch the echoes of the peaceful  protesters chanting the name of Breonna Taylor, who was killed in her  own home after police executed a no-knock warrant; or the name of  George Floyd, who was forced to beg for his life until he couldn't beg  any longer, held down under the knee of a police officer who swore an  oath to protect and serve; or Rayshard Brooks, who was shot in the back  just 11 days ago, even as this moment of national reckoning over police  brutality was already under way.   For nearly a month now, Americans have been lying down, standing up,  kneeling, marching, and mourning in the streets. They have been tugging  at and prodding our country, trying to drag it forward until it lives  up to the words of its Pledge of Allegiance that in this Republic,  there is ``liberty and justice for all.''   So far, this Nation has failed to make the promise a reality for  Black Americans. It has failed the families of Breonna Taylor, George  Floyd, and Rayshard Brooks. It has failed every Black child who knows  that playing on a jungle gym could be a death sentence. It has failed  every Black parent who kisses the top of their child's head before  school each morning as their heart breaks with the knowledge that this  time could be the last.   I know that I would never be able to fully comprehend the fear and  trauma  [[Page S3150]]  that Black Americans experience every day. But what I do know is that  the burden of this pain can't fall on them alone. The responsibility,  the work of bending the moral arc of the universe toward justice can't  just be put on the backs of those who have been feeling its weight this  whole time. Rather, it is on all of us--Black, White, Asian, Latinx,  you name it--to help those families and communities finally receive the  justice they deserve.   But I come to the floor today because my Republican colleagues are  trying to force through a bill that barely even pays lip service to the  crisis at hand. In some ways, it doesn't even accomplish that. In spite  of its name, the JUSTICE Act wouldn't begin to bring any semblance of  real justice to the victims from Minneapolis to Atlanta to Louisville  and beyond.   It should be obvious by now that the epidemic of police brutality  will not be fixed by some bandaid bill. We need to reckon with the  real, deep, uncomfortable realities and systemic biases that have  marred our country for years. We need to bring systemic change to our  law enforcement agencies. We need to force a seismic shift in how we  root out and respond to police brutality, including banning choke holds  and no-knock warrants in drug cases at the Federal level. My friend  Senator Booker has introduced legislation that would do just that; the  Republican bill would not.   We need to hold accountable officers who break the laws they were  trusted to enforce, ensuring that independent prosecutors review police  uses of force and prosecute officers who act irresponsibly, recognizing  that local prosecutors often have a conflict of interest because they  rely on the same police departments to win other cases. I have written  legislation to do just that, which has been included in the Democratic  bill, but the Republican bill would not do anything close.   We need to amend Federal law on qualified immunity so that officers  can't just violate Americans' constitutional rights with mere impunity,  and we need to mandate anti-bias Federal law enforcement training.  Democrats have put forward policy that would do all of that. The  Republican bill refuses any such attempt at accountability and wouldn't  even ban racial profiling.   It comes down to this: Real justice, real accountability requires  these reforms. Yet the JUSTICE Act itself is silent on so many of them.  The so-called ``reform'' bill aims more at reforming public opinion  than actually reforming the policies that got us here.   The families grieving today deserve better, as George Floyd's family  made it clear when they themselves spoke out against the bill. They  know that those who had a loved one stolen from them deserve more than  just lip service. They deserve for their Senators, for the officials  elected to represent them in what is supposed to be the world's  greatest deliberative body to try to pass legislation that would  actually address the issues in question and the crisis at hand.   Look, next week our country will celebrate its Independence Day. What  does freedom for any one of us mean if so many of our neighbors still  are not free to walk down the street or sleep in their own homes  without fearing for their lives? Until every Black American can breathe  without a knee on their neck, no American should feel as if we are  truly able to take a breath ourselves.   The Republican bill that we are expected to vote on tomorrow isn't  just a disappointment. It leaves Black Americans in unnecessary danger.  And settling for lip service when lives are at stake isn't just  inadequate. It is cruel too   I yield the floor.   