 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I see there are colleagues and friends on  the floor waiting to speak, and I just want to assure them that I will  be very rapid.   (The remarks of Ms. COLLINS pertaining to the introduction of S. 4155  are printed in today's Record under ``Statements on Introduced Bills  and Joint Resolutions.''    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, today, I am pleased to be joined by my  colleague from West Virginia, Senator Joe Manchin, in introducing the  Advancing Uniform Transportation Opportunities for Veterans Act. Our  bill, known as the AUTO Act, would lessen the financial burden for  severely disabled veterans who require special adaptive equipment to  drive a motor vehicle by increasing the access to the Department of  Veterans Affairs automobile grant program.   The VA is currently authorized to provide eligible veterans with a  one-time grant of approximately $21,400 to be used to purchase a new or  used automobile and necessary adaptive equipment, such as specialized  pedals or switches. This grant is often used together with the VA  special adaptive equipment grants, which help veterans purchase  adaptive equipment, such as powered lifts, for an existing automobile  or van to make it safe for a veteran's use.   Although veterans can receive multiple special adaptive equipment  grants over the course of their lives, they are, for some reason,  limited to a single grant for the vehicle. The current limitation fails  to take into account that a disabled veteran will need more than one  vehicle in his or her lifetime. In fact, the Department of  Transportation reports that the average useful life of a vehicle is  11.5 years, and a vehicle that has been modified structurally tends to  have a shorter useful life.   According to the VA Independent Budget prepared by the Disabled  American Veterans, Paralyzed Veterans of America, and the Veterans of  Foreign Wars, the average cost to replace modified vehicles ranges from  $40,000 to $65,000 when the vehicle is new and $21,000 to $35,000 when  the vehicle is used. These are significant costs for a severely  disabled veteran to bear to replace his or her primary mode of  transportation. That is why veterans should be eligible to receive an  automobile grant once every 10 years. Our bipartisan bill would do  exactly that.   One disabled veteran in Maine, Neal Williams, from Shirley, used a VA  automobile grant in 1999 to purchase an adapted vehicle--a Ford  Econoline van. He has had to purchase several adaptive vehicles since  1999, with each one lasting 250,000 miles, until they were no longer  roadworthy. Two hundred and fifty thousand miles is a lot of miles,  particularly over Maine's roads and highways. Neal's current vehicle  now has over 100,000 miles, and he probably only has a short time  before he will need a new one. He told me that purchasing a new van,  which he uses for his wheelchair, and then he transfers to the driver's  seat--he is such an extraordinary person in what he is able to do, but  he has told me that new van will cost him well over $50,000, which is  more than he paid for his home in rural Maine.   This is an enormous burden on veterans like Neal who need to purchase  expensive adaptive vehicles in order to drive safely and, also, in  order to maintain their independence.   Our Nation owes American veterans our deepest gratitude. We must  continue to honor that commitment to our veterans by supporting their  needs, including the needs of disabled veterans who need adaptive  technology for their vehicles long after they are discharged or retired  from Active Duty. The AUTO for Veterans Act is an important step in  helping those who have served our Nation so honorably and have  sacrificed so much for our freedom.   I urge all of our colleagues to join Senator Manchin and me in  honoring and supporting our Nation's disabled veterans.   I send the bill to the desk.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Megan  McCulloch, a defense fellow in my office, be granted floor privileges  throughout the remainder of this Congress.   