 Mr. President, I rise today to talk about what we  are seeing in this country in the West with the horrific wildfires that  are happening right now. I have to say, so many of my colleagues have  been speaking out, and rightfully so. My heart, along with all of  theirs, goes out to everyone who has been affected by the fires raging  across the West and, most of all, to those who have lost members of  their families or their homes.  [[Page S5690]]    You know, I am thinking of the hundreds of thousands of people in  Oregon under evacuation orders, of the brave firefighters in California  who are battling flames in the middle of a pandemic, of Nevadans whose  skies are blanketed with hazardous smoke--everyone in the West who is  pooling all of their efforts and resources to support one another from  Washington to Oregon, to California, to Nevada--everywhere that we have  seen   I also want to honor the efforts of two courageous pilots who died in  a crash over Caliente, NV, in July while dropping fire retardant on the  Bishop Fire. David Blake Haynes and Scott Thomas lost their lives while  protecting the people of Nevada, and I join all Nevadans in sharing my  condolences with their families.   You know, Americans are up against the brutal reality of the climate  crisis. Science tells us that climate change is making the West hotter  and drier and contributing to wildfires. Scientists have been sending a  consistent message about climate change for the past 30 years. In the  entire Western United States, we have seen just some of the dire  effects scientists have predicted. That is why we need Federal action  to slow the very clear effects of climate change.   We have seen those effects in my home State of Nevada where, this  year alone, almost a quarter million acres have burned so far. Since I  have been in the Senate, over 2\1/2\ million acres in Nevada have  burned in tragedies like the Poeville Fire, the South Sugarloaf Fire,  the Range 2 Fire, and the Martin Fire, which was the State's largest  fire in our country. That is why the entire Nevada delegation has  worked so hard to get Nevada the resources it needs to prepare for  these fires, combat them when they occur, and rebuild afterward.   We have helped get funds to the University of Nevada, Reno, for its  ALERTWildfire Program, which uses state-of-the-art cameras to monitor  the fires. We have requested that the Nevada Air National Guard get the  tools it needs to combat these fires, including C-130J aircraft that  could fight fires all over the West. Yet, inexplicably, this request  was turned down earlier this year.   Along with my colleagues in the Senate, we have worked to pass a bill  to create a permanent Forest Service contingency account so that  Federal agencies aren't left empty-handed when they need the money the  most.   Last summer, I convened the first of its kind wildfire summit in  Nevada. I was honored to join our firefighters, our ranchers, our  conservationists, our scientists, our power companies, and  representatives of government agencies in thinking through new ways to  coordinate and collaborate around how to address these wildfires.   There is so much that we can do working together--from developing  innovative digital platforms to monitor the fire to funding research,  to restoring native plants, to helping neighborhoods plan for and adapt  to fire seasons. We need to make our farms and landscapes more  resilient. We need to preserve our national treasures and improve the  health and well-being of those who live in our cities and rural areas  alike because the truth is that it is not getting cooler.   Anyone in Los Angeles, which saw temperatures of 120 degrees  Fahrenheit this month, or in Las Vegas, which hit 113 degrees in July,  can tell you that. Taking climate seriously shouldn't be a partisan  issue. This is about safeguarding property, protecting local economies,  and saving lives--lives of first responders who have too much to do  with too few resources and lives of civilians throughout Nevada and the  West frightened by what they are seeing literally in their backyards.   So I plan to listen to what the scientists are telling us. I am  listening to Nevadans in places like Winnemucca and Elko, where  ranchers and local officials have lived through these fires. I am  listening to Nevada's Tribal leaders, whose people have been stewards  of the land for millennia, and to other communities of color that are  among the hardest hit when disaster strikes. And, yes, I am listening  to my colleagues who have devastating stories of what is happening to  their own constituents in their States right now.   The climate crisis is all around us--from the wildfires we are seeing  in the West to the hurricanes we are seeing right now in the South. It  is time for us to take bipartisan action, address the climate crisis,  and make sure we are doing what we do best: funding short-term and  long-term policies and goals to address these issues.   I look forward to working with my colleagues around the States.   I yield the floor.   