 Mr. President, I rise today to join Senator Murray and my  Democratic colleagues in calling for substantial additional funding for  childcare and education as our country continues to grapple with the  COVID-19 pandemic.   In New Hampshire and across the country, this pandemic has turned  families' lives upside-down. As classrooms shifted to living rooms,  many parents have had to take on new roles, balancing teaching their  children with their own day-to-day work. Other parents, including those  who are on the frontlines of responding to this crisis, have had to  figure out new childcare arrangements to ensure that their children are  cared for while they go to work. Teachers and educators have had to  adapt and find new, innovative ways to meet the needs of all students.   With cases rising across this country, there is significant  uncertainty facing families and educators who are trying to navigate  what our systems of education and childcare are going to look like in  the coming months.   The legislation being offered by Senator Murray today would be a  strong step forward in helping families and educators prepare for the  road ahead, and, as with all preparation, timing matters. Delaying  necessary actions doesn't address the new challenges educators and  families face; it just makes it harder for them to get their jobs done.   The Coronavirus Childcare and Education Relief Act, which am I proud  to cosponsor, is a comprehensive bill that would help meet the needs of  students and childcare centers, K-12 schools, and institutions of  higher education.   Among its many provisions, this bill makes significant investments in  childcare. Childcare centers have already been hit hard by lost revenue  during the pandemic, and now they face added costs in implementing new  health and safety policies to mitigate the risk of spreading COVID-19.  This legislation would provide them with much needed relief.   In addition, this legislation would bolster emergency funding for K- 12 schools. This funding would help address challenges with students  who have fallen behind. It would help schools institute public health  protocols, and it would give schools more resources to ensure that all  students--all students--get a quality education, whether it is in  person, remotely, or a combination of both.   As we have worked to ensure that schools can effectively educate all  students during this pandemic, I have also been focused on preventing  students who experience disabilities from being overlooked. Before  COVID-19, students with disabilities were already more vulnerable to  disruptions in their education since the additional resources they need  are often scarce. This pandemic has exacerbated the challenges students  with disabilities face, and many have lost meaningful access to the  critical services that make their education possible.   We know that large numbers of students will require remedial help  when they return to school, and these challenges will be particularly  acute for students with disabilities. To address this, Senator Murphy  and I have been calling for additional dedicated funding through the  Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, and I am pleased that this  legislation meets those calls, providing $12 billion in funding to help  ensure that students with disabilities receive the same educational  opportunities as do their peers.   Finally, to address the challenges facing institutions of higher  education, this bill provides colleges and universities with critical  emergency funding, helping strengthen emergency financial aid for  students as well as bolstering support to help these institutions  follow public health guidelines. It also provides key funding for  community colleges as well as career and technical education programs.   This upcoming school year will look different than any other we have  ever seen before, and we must be prepared  [[Page S4016]]  so that students do not fall further behind. The legislation that  Senate Democrats have brought forth today will give schools and  families some needed certainty, and this certainty is critical for the  planning that needs to happen now. Delay in this moment is  irresponsible.   I am grateful to the Senator from Washington for her leadership on  this bill and on all the efforts that we make to strengthen education  for all of America's children.   I urge my Republican colleagues to support this bill, to join with us  to make sure that, as we grapple with this pandemic, we can all help  our students thrive and our families get back to work   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Rhode Island and  my other colleagues on the floor for their comments.   I rise to join Senator Casey and our colleagues in calling for  additional action to protect nursing home residents amid the COVID-19  pandemic.   I begin by thanking the Senator from Pennsylvania for his leadership  on this issue. I note that the senior Senator from New Hampshire is  here, and I know that she will be addressing this issue as well and has  been fighting for action to protect people all across our State and  across our country who reside and work in nursing homes.   Nowhere is this pandemic being felt more acutely in this country than  in nursing homes. Across the United States, 43 percent of COVID-19  deaths have been linked to nursing homes, and in New Hampshire,  roughly, 80 percent of our State's deaths from this virus have been in  nursing homes and long-term care facilities. The grief of losing a  loved one, compounded with the fact that families could not be at their  sides, is unimaginable. I know that frontline staff are working as hard  as they can to keep their patients and residents safe, but in talking  with them, it is clear that these essential workers need more support.   In particular, frontline staff tell me they still do not have  sufficient supplies of personal protective equipment. Months into this  pandemic, there is still no robust Federal strategy to support the  residents and employees of nursing homes. That is inexcusable.   With respect to the argument that I have heard some of my Republican  colleagues make--that we have already passed the CARES Act and that it  had money to go toward nursing homes--it doesn't address this issue. If  the previous bill were sufficient, we wouldn't still be seeing this  rate of death in our nursing homes. We need to address the pandemic  based on the goals we set and the results we want, not just on how hard  we think we have worked or how much money we think we have spent.   The bill that Senator Casey has put forward today would make a  significant difference for nursing homes in New Hampshire and across  the country. The Nursing Home COVID-19 Protection and Prevention Act,  which I am proud to cosponsor, would help save lives and improve safety  among residents and employees in nursing homes.   Specifically, this bill would provide $20 billion in emergency  funding for nursing homes, intermediate care facilities, and  psychiatric hospitals to support costs related to staffing, testing,  PPE, and other essential needs. It would also require the Department of  Health and Human Services to collect and publish data and analysis on  COVID-19 cases and deaths in these facilities, which would give us a  clearer picture of the situation we are facing. In addition, I will  continue working to ensure that we are doing all that we can to keep  residents and employees of nursing homes safe.   Last week, I joined with Senators Casey, Warren, and Schumer in  calling for answers from the Federal Emergency Management Agency, FEMA,  about nursing home and long-term care facility access to personal  protective equipment--what we commonly know now as PPE--following  reports that FEMA was shipping insufficient and defective personal  protective equipment to these facilities. These reports are deeply  alarming. Equipment arriving with mold on it cannot continue.   As we continue to address this pandemic, the challenges facing  nursing homes must be a top priority. Delaying vital assistance to  these facilities will have dire consequences for people in New  Hampshire and all across our country. I urge my Republican colleagues  to support this legislation. I urge them to come to the table and work  with the Democrats to strengthen the Federal response to this pandemic.   I yield the floor.   