 Mr. President, I want to thank Senator Klobuchar for her  leadership in this area, and her capacity to understand not only the  policy that we need to address and change but also the practical  impacts it will have on not only her constituents but people all over  the United States of America.   I want to thank Senator Van Hollen as well for gathering us all this  afternoon to focus, as we need to, on the needs of our young people,  our students, their educators and their families in these coming  months.   (Mrs. BLACKBURN assumed the Chair.)    Madam President, in New Hampshire and all across the  country, school supplies are lining the shelves of stores, but school  board members, teachers, and parents are still wrestling with the  decisions about what exactly this school year will look like.   No matter if schools open fully remote, fully in person or a hybrid  of both, we have to do all we can to ensure that young people receive a  quality education while also keeping students, school faculty, and  their families safe.   Just as schools are trying to make decisions, just as administrators,  educators, and families are trying to figure out what this school year  will look like in their communities, they have been met by a lack of  resources and clear guidance from this administration and from my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle.   We have known for months that schools would face enormous challenges  this fall, and Federal delays have only made the situation more  challenging across the country.   For months, the Senate majority leader stalled action on an  additional COVID-19 relief package, saying that he felt ``no urgency.''  But school districts across this country have felt plenty of urgency.  Instead of giving them time and appropriate resources to plan, Senator  McConnell kicked the can down the road. Now he has released a  completely inadequate and unacceptable proposal that provides too few  resources to schools and would actually withhold aid if schools don't  fully reopen in person.   My Democratic colleagues and I have focused on an approach that would  actually help schools navigate the year ahead. We proposed $430 billion  to help schools implement public health protocols, address the  challenges of students who have fallen behind, and provide quality  education to all students regardless of how schools reopen. This  proposal would help address some of the most pressing issues facing our  students.   When I talk to educators back home in New Hampshire, a common theme I  hear from students and educators is that they need more and better  high-speed internet access to support online learning. This is a  challenge both for remote and also in-person learning. For instance,  last week, Kevin Carpenter, principal of Kennett High School in North  Conway, told me that part of his school's reopening plan requires  expanding broadband capacity at the school. This would enable students  to access online materials in every classroom and minimize the risk of  spreading COVID-19 by minimizing physical transitions from class to  class.   Other educators have noted that in many areas of our State, families  are still having trouble accessing an adequate broadband connection and  devices that can support online learning throughout the day at home.  Just as Senator Klobuchar referenced some of the conversations she has  had in Minnesota, in a discussion I had in New Hampshire earlier this  summer, a teacher in the Gilmanton School District said that some  parents were taking their children to the parking lots of their school  to do their schoolwork from the car because it was the only way they  could access a Wi-Fi connection.   Too many students are at risk of falling behind because they lack  broadband access. Our proposal includes $4 billion in funding to help  ensure that all K-12 students have adequate home internet connectivity  and devices during the pandemic, which is a priority that I have been  fighting for throughout the last several months.   I urge my Republican colleagues to support this proposal and to work  with Democrats to deliver sufficient relief without any further delay.   As we approach the upcoming school year, our families and educators  are facing unprecedented, heart-wrenching uncertainty. Even in areas  where the infection rates are low and schools are well-resourced, the  lack of testing capacity and the lack of clear guidance from this  administration, for example, on what to do if a teacher or a student  tests positive for the virus are exacerbating the effects of this awful  pandemic. Inaction and ineptitude are making a truly difficult set of  challenges much, much worse, and at a certain point, inaction and  ineptitude are indistinguishable.  [[Page S4907]]    Congress must address these needs so that our educators can overcome  these immense challenges and do what they do best--help our children  learn and grow.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   