 Madam Speaker, I thank the Chairman for  yielding and also for his consistent leadership on issues of war and  peace and making sure that Congress does its job.   Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of S.J. Res. 68, which is a  resolution terminating the use of U.S. Armed Forces from hostilities  against Iran. This critical resolution helps put a check on the  administration's reckless and irrational military action against Iran.    The American people do not want, nor can we allow, another  unnecessary war of choice in the Middle East. This resolution is an  important step in our efforts to prevent that from happening.   Make no mistake: The assassination of Mr. Soleimani just a few months  ago placed us on the brink of war. This did constitute an act of  hostility against Iran, and, in fact, injured at least 100 of our brave  troops. Also, it hurt our national security and made us less safe.   President Trump's continued and reckless military action without  congressional approval or authorization caused this crisis. But we are  here today to make clear that the President cannot launch a war with  Iran without the explicit authorization of Congress.   Madam Speaker, we have been down this dangerous path before in Iraq,  and we cannot afford another ill-advised, destructive, and costly war  in the Middle East.   And, yes, I opposed the use of force without congressional  authorization during the previous administration. This is not a  partisan issue. Congress must do its job, and we must even go further  to restore our constitutional duty over military action.   I hope the Senate takes up my bill, H.R. 2456, to repeal the 2002  Iraq AUMF, which the House passed in January, which the administration,  mind you, used as the basis for the assassination of Soleimani and its  military hostilities toward Iran.    Madam Speaker, let me remind you that the 2002  Iraq resolution was introduced to address weapons of mass destruction  purportedly in Iraq. Now, this was a lie, it was put forth by the Bush  administration. And many of us who were here tried to halt the use of  force and to allow the inspectors to complete their inspections.  Unfortunately--and I had an amendment to do this--it received just 72  votes.   Now, regardless of how one voted, the 2002 authorization was specific  to Iraq, not Iran, nor any other country. And so it is past time that  Congress reassert our congressional authority on matters of war and  peace. We must also return to diplomacy and peace and stop these  endless wars.   So I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this. It is time that we  do our job. Congress has been missing in action.   