 Mr. Speaker, as the designee of Mr. Pallone, pursuant to  House Resolution 1129, I offer amendments en bloc.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute.   I rise today to urge my colleagues to support my amendment to  increase vehicle technology R&D as we consider this significant  investment in a clean energy future for battery technology,  cybersecurity, the connected car, our sustainability future, and  countless jobs.   Michigan has been a global leader in vehicle technology since we  created the industry over a century ago. Our autoworkers are the best  in the world. Our manufacturers are the best in the world. But we need  to make sure that we continue to have a level playing field to compete.   The U.S. must continue to lead by making the investments just as  other nations are doing. Now is not the time to cede our leadership.  Now is the time to claim it.   Advances in electrification and connectivity will make vehicles  safer, more efficient, and more affordable for consumers and their  families. We owe it to our American workers to make sure that this next  generation of vehicles is made right here in the United States of  America.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, surely, when we pass this legislation, we  will be sending a host of new directives over to the Secretary of  Energy to continue to win and advance our future.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania  (Mr. Lamb).     Mr. Speaker, I remain somewhat baffled and surprised by  the remarks of my colleague, particularly as, just in the last decade,  China has spent nearly $60 billion to create a thriving electric  vehicle industry, and that is, in part, what we are committing to do  here today.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr.  Lujan).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Doggett).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentleman.    Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers. I am  prepared to close.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I recognize the bipartisan nature of the original bill  that passed through the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee  with the leadership of our great chairwoman, Eddie Bernice Johnson, and  our ranking member, Mr. Lucas.   I also recognize today that we are taking a vote for our future. We  are taking a vote for our innovation agenda. We are talking about the  research and development efforts of this Nation. We are talking about a  clean economy.   Today, as we engaged in debate, we got a glimpse of where this vote  might come down.   Mr. Speaker, let it be reminded to all that this House majority is  the majority that is working for the people and their future and their  jobs, for a clean economy. We are taking the necessary steps to get it  done.   So, Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  remember and to be reminded about where it will come down today with  this vote. I urge them to vote ``yes.'' I urge them to vote for our  future. I urge them to vote for our innovation capabilities from the  United States of America.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   