 HORN of Oklahoma. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman  for yielding.   It is my honor to rise today to recognize, honor, and celebrate the  life, legacy, and impact of Congressman John Lewis.   Of those who have left their mark on history, the unique and  indelible imprint of John Lewis stands in a category all its own. His  strength, courage, commitment, compassion, kindness, and fierce  determination to challenge injustice made the world a better place for  all of us and truly bent the arc of history ever closer to justice.   John showed us that being bold and standing up for those whose voices  aren't heard are inextricably linked with the need for compassion and  hope.   Though I don't think any of us were ready to let him go--I know I  certainly wasn't--I simply cannot imagine the world had he not been in  it. And it is one of the greatest honors of my life to be able to have  served with him and to call him a colleague and to join him on the  civil rights pilgrimage last year, as I know many voices have said  before.   And it was on this journey that I had the opportunity to share with  him a blessing that had been bestowed upon me that I believe embodies  the life and the lessons and the legacy of John Lewis that I will share  today in his Honor.   ``May God bless you with a restless discomfort about easy answers,  half-truths, and superficial relationships, so that you may seek truth  boldly and love deep within your heart.   ``May God bless you with holy anger at injustice, oppression, and  exploitation of people so that you may tirelessly work for justice,  freedom, and peace among all people.   ``May God bless you with a gift of tears to shed with those who  suffer from pain, rejection, starvation, or the loss of all that they  cherish so that you may reach out your hand to comfort them and  transform their pain into joy.   ``May God bless you with enough foolishness to believe that you  really can make a difference in this world so that you are able, with  God's grace, to do what others claim cannot be done.''   Thank you, Mr. Lewis, for living those lessons and those words.  Godspeed.   