 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from  Washington (Ms. Jayapal) for yielding me the time.   This weekend, several of my colleagues and I visited the Irwin County  ICE Detention Center, and what we saw and heard was outrageous and  heartbreaking.   We heard stories directly from women who were subjected to  unnecessary and unwanted medical procedures without their consent. And  yet yesterday, some of our friends across the aisle suggested that some  of this may be made up, that this is not real.   Well, here I have some statements I received directly from the  detainees this past weekend, and I am going to read from these, written  in their own hands, for the Record. They are in Spanish, but they will  be translated into English.   This letter was signed by 24 detainees. The women said:   (English translation of the statement made in Spanish is as follows:)   They do not understand what is happening to their body, nor what they  did to their body.   ``No entienden que esta pasando con su cuerpo, ni que hicieron con su  cuerpo''.   Mr. Speaker, imagine if you were put under in surgery and were not  told what was being done to your body, and you went through the  surgery. This is what is happening to some of these women.   They went on to say:   (English translation of the statement made in Spanish is as follows:)   ``They `told' them they were going to perform a study and they  deceived them. Because a surgery room should not be a school.''   ``Le vamos a hacer un estudio les `dijeron' y las habeis enganado.  Porque una sala de cirugias no debe ser una escuela''.   Now, that is alarming if it is true. They were performing a study,  and they deceived them. Because the surgery room should not be a  school.   Mr. Speaker, imagine if you were told they were doing a study on your  body and not being told what for or what any side effects may be.  Nothing, nada, is what these women were told.   They also said:   (English translation of the statement made in Spanish is as follows:)   ``Why are we being punished? You send us to a `crazy' person that  mutilates bodies. And they deport us so that we don't say anything.''   ``rPor que nos castigan mas? Nos mandan con un `loco', despiadado que  mutila cuerpos. Y nos deportan para que nadie diga nada. . .'', imagine  if you were told they were doing a study on your body and not being  told what for or what any side effects may be. Nothing, nada, is what  these women were told.   Well, Mr. Speaker, again, imagine having your body mutilated and then  being deported to have you silenced. This is what is happening to some  of these women.   When I asked three of the detainees I spoke to if they ever got an  explanation of any of this in their own language, if they had the  procedure and their options explained to them, and if they understood  the chilling effect of these surgeries, all three of them laughed  almost in unison at me, and they responded:   (English translation of the statement made in Spanish is as follows:)   ``Of course not.''   ``Claro que no.''    Mr. Speaker, many women have been violated in  the most horrific way imaginable. One relayed having a doctor, without  explanation, putting his hands in her vagina without gloves. That is an  assault in my book, and we need to recognize it as such.   Many remain confused about what was done to their bodies. Some had  life-altering surgeries performed on them without consenting or truly  understanding the long-term repercussions on their reproductive health.   These actions recall a time in our history when Black and Brown women  were subjected to forced sterilizations and medical experiments.   This cannot be allowed to happen in America today. We can never let  it happen ever again.   This resolution, Mr. Speaker, in my mind, is just a first step in  getting justice for these women.   We need to shut down the Irwin ICE Detention Center pending all  investigations. The detainees should be released to their families or  sponsors so they can get a complete medical review.   We must get to the bottom of this and make sure that it is stopped.  And the FBI must investigate LaSalle Corrections and its contractors,  especially the medical staff and the doctor, for any conflict of  interest, any self-dealing, and any possible fraudulent billing.   Mr. Speaker, this is the most horrific example of human rights  violations I have ever seen, and sadly, it is happening here in our  very own country, and it must be stopped.  [[Page H5650]]        