 Madam President, I am pleased to be a cosponsor of the  SMART Act, and I want to commend Senator Menendez and Senator Cassidy  for their tremendous leadership. Our bill would help offset the  collapse of State and local revenues resulting from the COVID-19  pandemic.   The coronavirus has already claimed the lives of more than 90,000  Americans. As the virus damages our health and deprives us of our loved  ones, it has also devastated our communities and our economy.   As of last week, nearly 20 percent of Maine's total civilian  workforce had filed for unemployment. The tourism sector has been  particularly hard hit, and this is so important to my State. But the  fact is that no industrial sector has been immune from this disease.   Restaurants and hotels in southern Maine face uncertainty, not  knowing when or even if they will ever reopen. As a result of having to  cancel nonessential surgeries, many hospitals are struggling to stay  open. Lobstermen and fishermen have lost major markets. Potato farmers  may be unable to sell more than $22 million worth of their 2019 crop.  The motor coach industry has been devastated. In short, working  families and communities across the State of Maine have been hit hard.   Moody's forecasts that Maine may face one of the worst impacts in the  entire country in terms of lost revenues. Eighty-five percent of  Maine's State revenues are from income and sales taxes. They have  plummeted. Gas tax revenues have tanked. These projected shortfalls  threaten vital State and local services.   One in six Mainers is employed in the public sector. These are the  individuals who keep our communities and our citizens safe: the police  officers, the firefighters, the EMS personnel. They provide healthcare  and education. They maintain our roads and our bridges.   When I visited the Orono Fire Department recently to deliver some  much needed masks, the town manager told me that the decline in excise  taxes has been devastating for this town.   Maine communities tell me that they will have no choice but to either  increase property taxes, at the worst possible time for working  families, or eliminate first responder jobs and slash education funding  if they do not receive help.   The SMART Act would help to avoid the worst of these consequences by  providing $500 billion in Federal relief to State, local, and Tribal  governments. Unlike the CARES Act, where only big cities were eligible  for assistance, under our bill every county and every community would  be eligible for funding. Maine would receive at least $2 billion,  including about $330 million for counties and $330 million for  communities. And the $1.25 billion that we already appropriated for  assistance to State governments under the CARES Act would be made much  more flexible so it could be used to offset these dramatic revenue  shortfalls.   The fallout from the coronavirus is unprecedented. Congress has a  tremendous responsibility to help mitigate the impact of this crisis on  our States and our local communities and on the families they serve. We  must not wait. We should act now.   Thank you.    Mr. President, throughout America, we set aside Memorial  Day to honor those who gave their all for all of us, but this Memorial  Day will be very different from those we have celebrated in the past,  as we honor our veterans. This Memorial Day, there will be no big  parades and no formal ceremonies at State veterans cemeteries.   In Bangor, ME, where I live, each year there is a fabulous Memorial  Day parade in which veterans from all conflicts and all eras march down  Main Street, often with walking sticks that were provided by one of  Maine's greatest veterans, Galen Cole, who passed away recently, a  World War II veteran who made a pledge that he would always honor our  veterans.   But despite the absence of big parades and big celebrations of  fireworks this year, we should still take the time to honor those who  have worn the uniform of our country.   From America's founding to our time, the men and women of our Armed  Forces have written the history of our freedom. From generation to  generation, they add new and inspiring chapters of valor, devotion to  duty, and sacrifice. As we honor the fallen, we also honor those who  served and returned home and those who serve today, joined together, as  we grieve for their fallen comrades.   We also thank the families--the husbands, wives, sons and daughters,  brothers and sisters, mothers and fathers--who endure the grief that is  part of freedom's price.   It is significant that a day dedicated to the deepest of human  emotions--grief, remembrance, and gratitude--began not by decree from  any high authority but in the hearts of everyday people. As the Civil  War ravaged the countryside and took on an ever greater and more  ghastly toll, widows and grieving mothers on both sides of the conflict  began placing wild flowers on the graves of the soldiers, regardless of  uniform, who fell in their fields and forests.   From those humble beginnings, we have remained true to Memorial Day's  original spirit. Memorial Day is a national observance. Yet it remains  deeply personal for each of us.   For me, it brings back a cherished memory from my early childhood. My  father was a World War II veteran who was wounded twice in the Battle  of the Bulge. He taught me to honor our veterans and our flag, and each  year, as I was growing up, he would take me to the Memorial Day parade  in our hometown of Caribou, ME. He would perch me high on his shoulders  and there, from the best vantage point, I could see our veterans march  by and our flag go by.   Memorial Day is all about remembrance. It is also about our resolve  to uphold the values that inspire the sacrifice we honor today. This  was best articulated in what many regard as the first and finest  Memorial Day speech. It was not given on a warm May morning but on a  chilly November afternoon, in a place called Gettysburg.   These are the words of President Abraham Lincoln: ``That from these  honored dead, we take increased devotion to that cause for which they  gave the last full measure of devotion.''   May those who have fallen rest in peace. May we always remember them  this Memorial Day and forever, and may God bless the United States of  America.   