 HORN of Oklahoma. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman  Maloney for taking up this important bill to honor Clara Luper and her  sacrifice.   Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to urge passage of H.R. 5597, a bill to  rename the downtown Oklahoma City Post Office in honor of Clara Luper.   Clara Luper, known as the mother of Oklahoma's civil rights movement  was a teacher, a publisher, and so much more. On August 19, 1958, Luper  and 13 NAACP youth council students led the Nation's first lunch  counter sit-in at Katz Drug Store in downtown Oklahoma City.   These sit-ins inspired similar action across the south during the  civil rights movement, including the Woolworth's lunch counter sit-in  in Greensboro, North Carolina.  [[Page H4359]]    When Luper and the NAACP students sat down at that lunch counter,  they knew they would be refused. They also knew what was on the line.  In Ms. Luper's words, ``Within that hamburger, was the whole essence of  democracy.''   Each day they returned to the drugstore with more people asking to be  served. Though verbally and physically assaulted, they persisted.  Sitting in peaceful protest, their fearlessness and determination  resulted in Katz Drug Stores integrating lunch counters, not just in  Oklahoma City, but also in Missouri, Kansas, and Iowa. And they went on  to integrate lunch counters and businesses throughout Oklahoma City.   Oklahoma City was ground zero for America's civil rights movement,  and we have a responsibility to share that proud history and make sure  that the story of the Oklahoma sit-in movement is never lost. Renaming  the downtown post office in honor of Clara Luper is just one small step  we can take to honor those who struggled and fought for civil rights in  Oklahoma and across the country.   We have come a long way because of the sacrifices of Clara Luper and  those who stood with her in the civil rights movement, but there is  much more work left to be done. This bill will take a step forward but,  to me, the best way we can honor Ms. Luper is to uphold her legacy  through a commitment to justice and equity in our laws and policies.   Today, 62 years after Clara Luper and the NAACP youth council  students first sat down at Katz Drug Store to stand up for justice, she  and the sit-inners are inspiring a new generation of Oklahomans to take  action through peaceful protest, to challenge injustice and systemic  racism.    Mr. Speaker, I hope the Clara Luper Post Office can stand as a  testament to her enduring legacy, her courage, and her historic fight  for justice, and I urge passage.   