 Mr. President, I rise to address the impact that the  coronavirus pandemic is having on rural America.   We know that it affects every area of this country. In the urban  areas of our country, we have seen what this has meant to the people  who are in crowded housing and to the people who work every day in our  urban hospitals. We have seen it in the suburban areas with small  businesses and with moms who are trying to figure out how to handle the  summer with their kids, but the rural areas sometimes don't get as much  attention. The Presiding Officer knows of this in his home State of  Oklahoma. He understands this.   There are a lot of rural areas in our country that have suffered as  well. They have suffered not only because of spikes in the virus, like  we have seen recently, but also because of the economic implications--a  farm economy that was already in trouble because of the price of  commodities, because of world trade barriers, because of weather  events. You name it. It has affected rural areas in a big, big way.   According to several recent reports, as of July 14, one-third of all  rural counties are now considered red zones, places that in the last  week of testing added 100 or more new cases per 100,000 people. Between  June 13 and July 12, the number of new cases in rural counties  increased by 150 percent. That is why we must take immediate action to  provide the critical support that the rural areas need.   They are areas that may not have easy access to hospitals or that may  have smaller hospitals. That is why the issue of funding for State and  local governments, as long as we make sure the rural areas are able to  share in this funding as well, is so important for the rural hospitals,  for their equipment--all of this.   This is beyond what we all know already of the food supply chains and  our nutrition programs. We certainly don't want a situation in which  one can't get homegrown American food. Just as we have learned with the  medical equipment supply chain, we can't always get the swabs that we  need for so much of our testing and the like.   I just want to make clear that people sometimes see rural areas as  though they are out there, doing fine--all of these idyllic pictures. I  don't think they understand the struggle, the fact that rural poverty  for kids is often higher than it is in urban areas, and this was before  the pandemic. To me, the pandemic has just put a big magnifying glass  on some of these disparities that we knew already existed.   There is a more senior population in rural areas, so you have people  trying to keep themselves safe. They are isolated in seniors' homes or  in areas of smaller assisted living, where they are very, very  isolated, even more so than they might be, but where they have their  families nearby who can at least visit them through a window. That is  even harder. So, really, all of these challenges conspire to make this  a topic that we must discuss.   The operation of public hospitals, long-term care facilities, and  first responder services during a public health crisis requires a  significant mobilization of resources, and this relief package that I  am pleased we are debating now--I would like to see more movement, but  at least the negotiations are ongoing--must include the funding for  rural area hospitals as well as for State and local governments. Local  governments in rural areas are facing both falling revenues and  increased emergency expenses. They have smaller margins under which  they operate, which threatens their ability to provide essential public  services and their ability to continue paying teachers and first  responders.   The public health crisis is putting incredible pressure on our public  health system, and many rural hospitals and health systems already have  limited ICU beds and resources. The disproportionately low number of  healthcare providers across rural America has been brought into sharp  focus by this crisis. We have already heard stories of the hospitals  that were once delivering babies but that lost one OB/GYN doctor and  could no longer deliver babies. Then the family has to go miles and  miles and hours and hours just to have the delivery of a baby in a safe  situation. That is why we need to do much. It is the funding.   There is a bill that Senator Grassley and I have that will actually  allow some of the smaller hospitals--this was prepandemic--to exist in  different circumstances, like emergency room circumstances, so they  don't entirely close down. It is why I have led the reauthorization of  the Conrad 30 Waiver Program, which has brought in over 15,000  immigrant doctors to fill the gaps. We also know there are issues of  personnel in these hospitals--nurses and doctors. This is a program  that allows for immigrant students who have  [[Page S4564]]  gotten degrees from American medical schools to be able to serve out  their residencies in underserved areas in America, which sometimes  means in urban areas that don't have enough personnel and which, lots  of times, means in rural areas. That is why, in fact, the initial  author of this bill was Senator Kent Conrad of North Dakota. It is  because of the problem North Dakota had.   As I have traveled through the country in the last year, I have  continued to hear about all of the problems we have in our VA hospitals  and the like. They want to have these physicians who have been trained  in America and have degrees from America to stay and not have to go  back to their home countries when, in fact, they want to stay in  America.   Helping rural hospitals also means ensuring they have vital  protective equipment, like masks, gowns, and gloves; and medical  supplies, like ventilators.   That is why I have urged the administration to deliver supplies from  the Strategic National Stockpile and to protect consumers' access to  medical and hygiene products.   It also means delivering additional resources for testing and for  contact tracing, like the $75 billion that the House passed in the  Heroes Act, and it means expanding telehealth services, which my bill  with Senators Casey and Capito--the ACCESS Act--would do.   I recently had the experience of my own dad, at age 92, with  coronavirus. He ended up at age 92 surviving it, with just having lost  10 pounds and a very poor appetite, but he came out of it as strong as  he went into it. But I didn't know that was going to happen, and I will  never forget that moment of our family standing outside the window  because, of course, we couldn't go in. We are standing out there en  masse while he is in his room--or in a room that they had given him,  because he got coronavirus--and they put the telephone on so that he  can hear us on speaker phone, but he cannot figure out what is going  on. He doesn't really understand, with his disease, why we are wearing  the masks and we can't even hold his hand. And you don't know if that  is the last time you are going to see your loved one at that moment. As  it turned out, it had a happy ending for him, and he is doing fine, but  not for everyone else that was in his home.   That is why these services, where maybe he could see us on a big TV,  instead of maybe on the little iPhone when we do FaceTime, would make  such a difference, not just to people in his situation who are in a  small assisted living, with the need of services, but if people are  there because they wanted to have a living situation where they could  hang out with their friends and play bridge and the like. We are going  to have to think of those senior facilities and the access we can give  not only to doctors to consult with patients, but also for them to be  able to see their families.   This means broadband. That is why I introduced the Accessible,  Affordable Internet for All Act--comprehensive broadband legislation  led by Representative  Jim Clyburn of South Carolina. I was honored  that he asked me to carry this bill in the Senate. It would invest $100  billion to build high-speed broadband infrastructure in underserved  areas. Underserved areas, a lot of times, as he knows from his State of  South Carolina, include a lot of rural areas and rural farmers. In his  case, there are so many African-American communities that are  underserved by broadband, and it would make a big difference all over  the country.   Senator Cramer of North Dakota and I introduced the Keeping Critical  Connections Act, which, again, is another way of focusing on low-income  and on rural areas to help our small broadband providers who, in my  experience, have tended to really put their money where their mouth is  and actually build out in these areas so that people get high-speed  broadband.   Our bill now has 34 cosponsors--half Democrats, half Republicans--and  I keep working to ensure that students in low-income families,  regardless of their ZIP Code, are connected.   I don't want to hear another story like I heard of the high school  student who had to take her biology exam in the liquor store parking  lot in town because she didn't have high-speed access; or the doctor  who can, yes, see the x rays at his rural hospital, but if he wants to  do work from home, as so many of us are doing in the pandemic, he has  to go to the McDonald's parking lot to be able to view these x rays.   Iceland can do this. They have volcanoes. They are covered at times  in ash, and they have been able to get high-speed internet to every  person in their country. We should be able to do the same.   Farmers. I spent the morning on a number of Zoom calls with our  farmers in Minnesota--our soybean farmers and others--and I have to say  that they are in hard times right now. They are in hard times because,  as I said, before this pandemic, we were having problems. Our food  supply chain has been hit--from the farmers who grow our food, fuel,  and fiber, to the workers in the processing plants, of which I have  many in my State.   I was just in Worthington, MN, which is the home of one of biggest  food processing plants that was hit hard by the coronavirus. They have  put in place some better safety measures, and they are now operating.   There are the truckdrivers and barge operators, who deliver products  to stores and export terminals and the families who may be struggling  to put food on the table due to sudden unemployment.   When many businesses began shutting down in March, commodity futures  prices tumbled, given the lower demand for food and fuel. At the  beginning of the pandemic, dairy producers estimated that milk prices  would drop by $2.85 billion in 2020. Cattle ranchers and hog producers  saw the value of their livestock drop by 30 to 40 percent, and the  futures price for corn and soybean fell 10 to 15 percent per bushel.   These losses occurred as farmers were still recovering from weather  conditions that delayed or prevented harvest last year. Many farmers  were barely breaking even as it was, and they began this spring  planting season behind, and then they confronted the pandemic.   In March, we passed the CARES Act. It was not perfect. We all know  that, but it provided $23.5 billion in disaster assistance for farmers  and livestock producers impacted by the pandemic. The Department of  Agriculture began making payments in June, and, as of yesterday, they  had processed over $6.5 billion in payments to more than 473,000  producers.   But there is still money that has been unspent. That is $14 billion.  In addition to funding for the next package, it must reach producers of  all sizes. This has been particularly hard in my State, waiting for  that help.   The House has already taken action to provide additional direct  assistance for farmers and dairy and livestock producers. I met with  Representative Collin Peterson, who heads up the House Ag Committee,  this weekend, when we were both here, marooned in Washington, and went  through the work that he had done, and I am very hopeful that we can do  something similar in our bill here.   While farmers and livestock producers need emergency relief, we also  must recognize that the pandemic has placed a significant strain on  workers and consumers. We cannot slow the spread of the coronavirus  when tests can take as long as 12 days to provide results.   A friend back in Minnesota, just a week ago or so, got a test. He  felt sick, didn't want to get his family infected, and spent 6 days in  the basement not being able to see his family, and it took that long to  find the result. And then he found out he didn't have it. Those stories  are just as similar but, of course, much more fortunate--but similar to  people who wait when they are sick, and they need to know if they are  sick. And not everyone has a basement to stay in. So the point of this  is that these delays in testing are very, very difficult on our  economy.   That is why, in May, I joined Senator Debbie Stabenow, the ranking  member of the Agriculture Committee and my Democratic colleague on the  Senate Agriculture Committee, in introducing the Food Supply Protection  Act. The bill would provide support for food banks to upgrade their  infrastructure to handle additional demands, strengthen food  partnerships to prevent food waste, and protect workers through  grants--and here we get to  [[Page S4565]]  what I was talking about--for protective equipment, test kits, and  cleaning supplies.   Also, last week, I joined Senator Jerry Moran of Kansas in  introducing the Requiring Assistance to Meat Processors for Upgrading  Plants Act, or the RAMP-UP Act, that we are doing together   The closure of meat packing plants highlighted the need to provide  consumers with more choices and farmers with more flexibility when  marketing their livestock.   Our bill would help small and medium-size meat packers make  improvements to their facilities so they can meet the standards  necessary for Federal inspections. This will allow them to make sales  across State lines and increase market opportunities.   These two important pieces of legislation--the Stabenow bill I  mentioned and the one that Senator Moran and I just introduced--should  be included in the next relief package.   Another critical component to the rural economy is our Nation's  biofuel industry. In the first quarter of 2020, biofuel processing  plants purchased an estimated 1.3 billion bushels of corn and supported  over 350,000 jobs.   Many of them are based, of course, in rural communities. In fact, a  lot of our farmers own the plants. In fact, a lot of our local people  depend on these plants for one of the major businesses in their small  towns.   Even before the pandemic, the misuse of small refinery exemptions  under the renewable fuel standard by the EPA had led biofuel plants to  shut down.   I will never forget visiting a biodiesel plant in Iowa that had been  shut down, and there was one worker left. His job was to maintain the  plant, and he took me on a tour of the empty plant and then pulled out  a coat rack that contained the uniforms of the people--his friends--who  used to work there. And embroidered on the uniforms were the names of  the workers, with names like Bob, Joe, Salvador. A tear goes down his  cheek, and he said: I kept these uniforms. I keep them pressed on this  coat rack because I hope they will come back and work here.   That was before the pandemic, and that is what we have seen because  of some policies by this administration that claim that they wanted to  help the Midwest but instead granted wholesale a bunch of exemptions,  not just to the refineries. It is in there for a good reason--to help  struggling refineries--but they, literally, granted those exemptions to  Exxon, to Chevron, to dozens and dozens and dozens of companies. And  that is before the pandemic.   That is why Senator Grassley and I have taken this on in a big way.  These losses--this is, again, prepandemic--have resulted in over 100  biofuel processing plants nationwide idling production or closing  altogether. It is combined, prepandemic and during the pandemic.   That is why in May I introduced legislation with Senator Grassley to  support biofuel producers during the pandemic. Our bill involves  reimbursement for their feed stock or commodity purchases through the  first quarter of this year.   It is also why I led a letter with 19 Senators urging the EPA to deny  52 petitions for waivers that would enable more billion-dollar oil  companies to receive small refinery exemptions.   The approval of these retroactive exemptions at this moment would  only worsen the unprecedented economic challenges facing the biofuel  industry. Competition is good in America. That is why we have the  renewable fuel standard, because it is a nascent new fuel, and it had  to really get into that market in a big way against Big Oil, which gets  many more subsidies than the biofuels do. And this is not a time to go  backward and shut down every biofuel plant in America, and that is  where this administration is headed, if it keeps up these practices.   There is much more we must do to help our rural communities. I would  note that one of the emerging issues I have heard about a lot in my  State is these childcare deserts, and that is that rural families are  seeing unavailable childcare. This is, again, prepandemic. It was a big  problem, where you would have so many people who wanted to work but  were unable to get childcare to be able to do that work.   That is not just in my State. It is all over the country. That is why  Senator Sullivan and I introduced the Child Care Workforce and  Facilities Act prepandemic, which would address the national shortage  of affordable, quality childcare in these rural areas to help them  expand their childcare workforces.   Right now, the economy is slowly but surely starting to reopen, and  we know that for families who have been at home and the parents are  still working, this has become harder and harder for moms and dads to  figure out what they are going to do about childcare.   So this should be a time where we step back and say: OK, how are we  going to deal with this, not just with the threat moving from the  pandemic now, today, but the day after tomorrow? And I mean that as a  metaphor for next year. How are we going to make this work for rural  areas?   And I have gone through everything I think we need to do to get  there: the healthcare, making sure that we have healthcare available in  rural areas; the broadband, making sure that something we can do is  available; the childcare deserts; and the ag economy.   I will say that there is a big argument for rural America right now,  as we have seen that people are able, with the right connections, to  work from home, and we need new ideas and new startups, and it is  actually less expensive to start new companies in the rural part of  this country, where the cost of living is lower.   We know that there are farmers that want to keep farming their small  plot of land in places like South Carolina and in places like Oklahoma  and in places like Minnesota. But if we just allow rampant  consolidation in the ag industry and the tech industry--where there is  a hearing going on, as I speak right now, over in the House that maybe  a few more people are watching--the point of it is this: We have to  also take on consolidation during this pandemic and look at our laws  next year. And I am not just going to wait for a bunch of judges to  make decisions when they have been going against the antitrust laws now  at the Supreme Court level for years--one loss after another. It just  so cries out for a change in our antitrust laws. We have adapted these  laws over the years.   I will end with one story involving that. I was at a small cafe a few  years ago in Albert Lea, MN. A woman was there with her farmer husband  and her brother-in-law.   She turned to me and she said: ``I just saw you on TV.''   I said: ``Was it about Russia and the elections?''   The Presiding Officer and I were doing a lot of work at the time  nationally on protecting our elections from foreign interference.   I said: ``Was that it?''   She said: ``No. That wasn't it.'' She said that it was on the local  station. It was about States. It was about how things are getting too  big, and it makes it hard for us.   We want to maintain our rural spaces. It is not just a romantic  vision of the past. We want to maintain our rural areas for America. It  is about having food that is ours, having it made in America so we are  not dependent on foreign foods. It is about having our own energy  supply, which can be varied and vast. It is about having our own  technology and developing the next new idea and the next new iPhone. We  are not going to be able to do that if we shut out a big swath of our  country. That is not going to work. We actually want to encourage  development in rural America. That is what I think we need to do.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   