 Mr. President, 3 years ago on this very date, in my  hometown of Las Vegas, a gunman opened fire from the 32nd floor of the  Mandalay Bay Hotel onto the unsuspecting crowd below. This horrific  attack lasted just over 10 minutes, but in that brief window of time,  58 innocent lives were taken and over 400 were injured. It was the  worst mass shooting in American history. I stand here today to  recognize the third anniversary of this act of terror.   I want to speak today about how that October 1 shooting changed  Nevada. This mass shooting irrevocably altered the lives of countless  families in Las Vegas, NV, and across the country forever.   Many of that night's victims are still dealing with the injuries,  visible and not visible. Many are still grieving and working through  the effects of this devastating trauma. All of them have suffered  through a pain that no family, no friend, no spouse, no child should  ever, ever have to endure.   In the 3 years since the shooting, two more victims have passed away  due to injuries they sustained that night--1 in 2019 and 1 earlier this  year--bringing the number of lives lost up to 60--sons, daughters,  parents, friends, neighbors--people who were loved, people who were  part of our community, people who were taken from us far too soon, 60  families who will forever have an empty chair at their Thanksgiving  table.   Amidst the violence and the terror, there were also heroes who made  the choice to run toward danger and help others, like the courageous  first responders who risked their lives to provide aid and everyday  citizens who helped others escape in their cars.   Nevada remembers October 1 because it showed us the darkest side of  humanity, but in the aftermath, it also showed us the brightest and  best of who we are.   Today we commemorate the 60 lives that were lost. Today we recognize  those who were injured and are still struggling. Today we celebrate. We  celebrate the heroism of our community--not just in the immediate  aftermath of that attack but in the days, weeks, months, and years  since. We saw heroes spring into action that night and the following  days to save lives. In the following days, we saw so many members of  our community display incredible  [[Page S6019]]  heroism. Our community lined up to donate blood. They helped to reunite  friends and family in the aftermath, and they helped to financially  support victims and their families.   The phrase ``Vegas Strong'' came into being after that time, and let  me assure you, it is a phrase that could not be more true. The strength  of our city is simply astounding. We work to build ourselves back up  from crisis, side by side, arm in arm. It has taken time. It hasn't  been easy. Even now, we are still not all the way there, but every day,  the people of Las Vegas show unparalleled resilience. Nevadans carried  that resilience with them. They carry it in every challenge and in  every crisis that we face.   I stand here today to honor the men and women who lost their lives on  October 1, those who were injured in the attack, and the heroes who  helped bring our city back.   I also call on Congress to show the same kind of strength that the  people of Las Vegas have shown. Our Nation currently faces many  challenges. However, my colleagues must recognize the threat that gun  violence poses to our communities. We must honor the memories of those  who were lost. We must take commonsense action to reduce gun violence  and ensure that more lives aren't lost.   As a legislative body, we must act. The Bipartisan Background Checks  Act--a bill passed by the House 582 days ago--has been waiting for a  vote here in the Senate. Today, in honor of the memories of the lives  that were lost, I request that the Senate bring this bill, this  important bill, for a vote.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   