 Madam President, the murders of George Floyd, Breonna  Taylor, and Rayshard Brooks are the latest in a long history of  violence against Black people in America, but thanks to the advocacy,  thanks to the courage of their mothers and fathers and relatives and  all of the civil rights leaders, the lawyers, those who are marching in  the streets--and smartphones--everyone can finally bear witness to the  violence that has been happening in our country at the hands of police.   Now, let's be clear. This behavior is not new. Mothers have been  crying over their dead children's bodies for generations, yet no one  would listen. No one would listen.   Emmett Till's mother had the courage, as a leader, to say: The world  will listen when they look at my baby's body in that casket. Yet here  we are, these many decades and generations later, and still we have not  seen meaningful change in America on this subject.   It is time we act. It is time we act. And let us be clear: Sometimes  some of the most courageous and important work that has happened in  this U.S. Congress has happened not because there was leadership in the  body but because the people demanded it and they would not relent until  their government and elected leaders and representatives listened to  and answered their call for steps toward what we call a more perfect  Union.   It has been many a time the case that it is because of the people  marching in the streets that we had the Voting Rights Act and Civil  Rights Act and the Fair Housing Act--because the people would allow  nothing less than that we, as a government, be true to our stated  ideals.   Yes, over the last 3\1/2\ years in our country, many of us have  wondered whether the leaders of this country actually pay homage to and  have any desire to institute and to get closer to those ideals.   This is a moment for the U.S. Senate to say we, as a body, will do  that; that what is clear right now in this moment and in this movement  is that there is still work that can be done--not just should be done  but can be done--to come closer to those words inscribed across the  street in the U.S. Supreme Court, to effectuate ``Equal Justice Under  Law.'' It is within our grasp to do this. It is not just an imperative;  it is within our grasp. In America today, people from every State, all  50 States, and in every walk of life are demanding that we take the  problem of police brutality seriously. We have this opportunity, and we  should see it as such. Where before there may have been reluctance to  go against the strength of the status quo, which is always reluctant,  if not hostile, to change, the people in the streets of every race,  every gender, every age, from every State, are not only giving us  permission but demanding that their leaders finally make good on the  American promise of ``Equal Justice Under Law.'' They are demanding  this change; they are not just asking for it.    So we can't answer the people's demand for accountability with  watered-down politics and watered-down policies and obstructionist  tactics to distract us from what we clearly know is necessary to meet  the calls and the cries of this moment and this movement. I will say  that we cannot answer their demands with this Republican attempt to  obstruct real progress and real justice in our country.   And for all of the pundits out there who want to entertain a  conversation about whether Democrats actually want police reform, are  you kidding me? Are you kidding me? We are responding to the cries in  the street; we are taking them seriously; and we have proposed a  prescription that actually responds to not just their demands but the  specific cases and the bodies which have just most recently been  buried, much less the generations of Black bodies which have been  buried because of this issue. So don't anyone dare suggest we are  standing in the way of progress.   Let us all be clear about what is happening in the politics of this  moment. The Republican bill has been thrown out to give lip service to  an issue with nothing substantial in it that would actually save or  would have saved any of those lives. Let's not be distracted from the  task at hand. I intend to vote against a motion to proceed tomorrow. I  also intend to vote for a motion to proceed with real reform. I am not  against a motion to proceed. We should proceed. Let's proceed with  action--not gestures--with action.   Let's talk about the Republican bill. I am a former prosecutor. I  have personally prosecuted everything from low-level offenses to  homicides. I worked almost my entire career with police officers. What  I can tell you is this--and I am certain of it--police officers will  tell you how difficult their job becomes when their colleagues and  other police officers break the rules and break the law. They will tell  you that. They will tell you that it affects the culture of their  working environment. It affects the morale of where they work every  day. It affects the integrity of their work. What they know is bad cops  are bad for good cops.   What we all know is that it is in the best interest of community  safety and harmony when the people trust their government, and it is a  reciprocal relationship.   In addition to what our bill proposes, the Justice in Policing Act is  about accountability and consequence. It is also brought forward with a  spirit of what we know is in the best interest of growing trust and the  American people's trust in their government.   As a former prosecutor, I will also say that in the criminal justice  system, we also talk about and use this phrase ``accountability and  consequence.'' We use it all the time, accountability and consequence.  There must be accountability and consequence. Almost every time that  phrase is invoked, it is directed at the person who was arrested and  hardly ever is that phrase directed at the very system itself and the  actors in that system.   Where is the accountability and consequence when a system fails the  people it is designed to protect? Where is the accountability and  consequence when people who have been invested by the people with a gun  and a badge--it is the power we give them--where is the accountability  and consequence when they abuse that power, one must ask. Our bill is  designed to address just  [[Page S3136]]  that. I will tell you, there is not one component of the Republican  bill that does the same.   Let's talk about the history of where we are today--just recent  history, meaning in the U.S. Senate on this subject. On Monday June 9,  in response to protests in all 50 States of these United States,  Senator Cory Booker and I, along with our CBC and House Judiciary  colleagues and a majority of our Senate caucus, announced the Justice  in Policing Act. Over 1 week later, the people are marching in the  streets. Let's just remember this. People are marching in the streets  every night, every day. Well, 1 week later, somebody got the memo, and  then what did they do? They came up with what they call the JUSTICE Act  as a way to essentially show that they have something but to basically  obstruct what already had been put in place. They did it because they  knew that the people were demanding something. What they put up,  instead of meeting those demands, was a tactic to obstruct the progress  of the Justice in Policing Act.   Then they are playing a political game around here saying: ``Look,  the Democrats won't vote for policing reform.'' No. We are actually  fully prepared to vote for policing reform, which is why a week earlier  than you figured it out, we figured it out and put it on paper and  presented it to the Nation.   Let's not play political games today and tomorrow. Let us understand  that Senator McConnell, the majority leader, made it clear--you know, I  say to the Senator from New Jersey, Mr. Booker, I wasn't here for those  days when he saw a lot of that bipartisan work. I did see it with other  COVID bills, and I am thankful that did happen, but what I see most  recently on this issue is that Senator McConnell made it clear that he  had no intention of passing bipartisan comprehensive legislation on  policing reform. What we have seen is that instead of an ability for  all of us in this Chamber to pass the Justice in Policing Act--which  has already gained 227 cosponsors, enough to pass the House--instead,  the Senate leader has scheduled this vote tomorrow, not to solve the  problem of police brutality in America but to solve his political  problem, to which he has taken no stand and that caucus has taken no  meaningful stand on an issue that has people in our streets marching  for the last 3 weeks, and those marching folks will go on.   The proposal was carefully crafted that is being offered tomorrow for  a vote. The Republican proposal was carefully crafted to deflect from  real change by merely, as my colleague Senator Booker outlined and  Senator Schumer outlined--by merely offering to study the problem  without doing anything to solve it    When I am finished, I will.   The Republican bill does not even provide a baseline for a discussion  or amendment on police reform in that there are no mechanisms to hold  law enforcement officers accountable in court for their misconduct.  There is no transparency into police misconduct, which is necessary, of  course, to enable communities to hold officers accountable. There is no  requirement of data collection on all use-of-force incidents or on  racial or religious profiling. There is no ban on harmful policing  policies and practices, such as racial and religious profiling and no- knock warrants in drug cases. We are not banning all no-knock warrants  in drug cases because Breonna Taylor would be alive today had that been  the case. There is no reform to the issues of choke holds or carotid  holds in the Republican bill that is being offered. There is no  national standard for use of force.   I am happy to entertain the question from the Senator from Texas.  Then I will conclude my comments.    The same one Rand Paul obstructed a couple of weeks ago?  Yes, I am aware of that.    Absolutely not. I think it is important we not distract  the American people from the task at hand.   We cannot pull out a specific component of this bill and leave  everything else in the garbage bin. That is the logical and actual and  practical conclusion of where you are going with the suggestion that we  would sacrifice issues like no-knock warrants, issues like a national  standard for use of force, issues like the need for independent  investigations of police misconduct, issues like pattern and practice  investigations with subpoena power for the Department of Justice for  the sake of one. It is like asking a mother to save one of her children  and leave the others.    Absolutely.    Senator Cornyn, we are honored to serve on the Senate  Judiciary Committee, as does Senator Booker and Senator Durbin. We all  serve on the Judiciary Committee. The two Senate officers serve with  you on the Senate Judiciary Committee. As you know, because we have  been present during our most recent hearings, we have asked that there  would be a meaningful discussion of the Justice in Policing Act in that  committee. None has occurred.   If we are going to talk about process, let us look at all the tools  that are available to well-intentioned, well-meaning legislators, if  the goal is actually to solve and address the issue at hand. I have  seen no evidence of that. I have seen no evidence. In fact, what I have  seen in reading some of the newspapers--sometimes they get things  wrong, but if they got it right, the Senate leader says that he has no  interest in engaging in that kind of discussion or debate before  putting the bill on the floor for a vote tomorrow.    Indeed. That is the beauty of the Judiciary Committee;  our meetings are public meetings.   I will conclude my remarks by saying that I do believe now is the  time for Congress to pass legislation that will bring real change and  real improvement. It is time that we meet this moment and meet the  movement that we are seeing outside of these doors. We are seeing  people of every race, gender, age, and religion marching together in  unison as Americans. We are seeing people putting their bodies on the  line in the face of more excessive force and tear gas to stand for  equality for all people.   The bill that is being offered for a vote tomorrow does not, in any  way, meet the needs of this moment and the longstanding needs America  has had for reform.   I will, therefore, join Senators Schumer and Booker in not only  sending a letter to Senator McConnell this morning demanding the Senate  vote on the Justice in Policing Act, but I will say I fully intend to  vote against a motion to proceed until and unless we are, as a body,  prepared to offer meaningful reforms upon which we can debate.  [[Page S3137]]    I will say also that one of the other problems with what is being  offered by our colleagues across the aisle is it is not meeting the  moment in terms of need for reform. It is simply, basically, they  constructed a confessional, where there can be a confession of misdeeds  after the fact, and that in no way meets the moment in terms of reforms  that are necessary.   In the immortal words of my great Uncle Sherman, God rest his soul,  ``That dog don't hunt.''   