 Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my amendment, which will  prevent Federal funds from being used by the Department of Justice to  undermine the Affordable Care Act.   After Republicans failed in their dozens of attempts to repeal the  Affordable Care Act legislatively, they are now fighting in the courts  to overturn the law in its entirety. My amendment will stop them.   You see, if ACA is overturned, 23 million Americans would lose the  affordable care they depend on; prescription drug costs would increase  for seniors on Medicare; being a woman would once again be considered a  preexisting condition; insurance companies would cap the benefits and  kick children off their parents' plans before their 26th birthday; and  130 million Americans with preexisting conditions would lose their  protections.   We simply cannot go back to those days.   Affordable healthcare that covers preexisting conditions has always  been crucial, but it has never been more important than right now.   Today, over 4 million Americans have been diagnosed with the  coronavirus, a new preexisting condition. Over 30 million Americans  have lost their jobs, and over 5 million have lost their health  insurance at the worst possible time.   While this health and economic crisis has been unfolding, the Trump  administration will not stop until they destroy the Affordable Care  Act. Not even a once-in-a-generation global pandemic will keep them  from coming for your healthcare.   Well, not on my watch. As a nurse, and as an American with a  preexisting condition, I understand personally why we must fight this  with everything we have got: 130 million Americans depend on it.   Today, we fight for them as we send a crystal-clear message to the  Trump administration: Keep your hands off our healthcare.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Kansas (Ms. Davids).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the  gentlewoman.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Minnesota (Ms. Craig).     Mr. Speaker, I yield 45 seconds to the gentlewoman  from Iowa (Mrs. Axne).    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.  [[Page H4143]]    