 Mr. Speaker, as individuals, families, and communities  across this country and the world deal with the COVID-19 pandemic, I  know residents in the 13th Congressional District are looking for  immediate, lasting relief. I know that our medical workers and first  responders are looking for resources and enough personal protection  equipment to be able to do their jobs caring for the sick. Our  hospitals are overloaded and need immediate support to provide enough  beds and facilities to care for our communities. It's for our  residents, frontline medical workers, and hospitals who desperately  need help today that I support the passage of the CARES Act--but this  is only the beginning of our fight for relief that goes to the people  first.   This bill does not go far enough. However, residents are in dire need  of direct payments to help replace the loss of income they've  experienced. We know residents who are now unemployed can't wait for an  increase in unemployment insurance amounts. Small businesses and non- profits will now have access to loans that may be forgiven. Hospitals,  health care facilities, and medical providers will receive $100 billion  dollars to protect communities across the country. And the state of  Michigan will receive nearly $3.9 billion in funding to help stop this  pandemic, including $351 million for public transit systems and nearly  $74 million for housing (HUD) emergency solution grants.   We have already begun the work of pushing for a fourth COVID-19  response package that includes critical provisions I've been fighting  for in Washington.   Our local governments, municipalities, and states have been at the  forefront of responding to this crisis. They have sprung into action  and must have the resources they need to save lives, and are now being  forced to go without crucial revenues and divert funds to COVID-19  relief. I have continuously advocated that we do more to prevent the  financial collapse of state and local governments through the Federal  Reserve's toolbox. This bill provides some mechanisms for the Fed to  provide financial relief to our cities and states, but we need stronger  requirements for the Fed to purchase debt and support our local  governments.   A one-time payment is not enough to provide relief to the thousands  of our residents who have been laid off or will lose income for the  foreseeable future. Our residents need monthly payments, like I have  proposed, to continue until after the economic shocks caused by this  pandemic end.   We need to immediately implement a water shutoff prohibition, which  80 members of the House supported in a letter I led with Reps. Dingell  and Kildee to House leadership. It is imperative that we ensure  households have clean, safe water running from the faucets, especially  during a time where hand washing is essential in preventing the spread  of COVID-19.   These critical provisions should have been prioritized over giving  corporations a half-trillion dollar handout, which I am concerned that  the CARES Act does. Congress must begin working immediately to develop  and pass a fourth stimulus bill, one that delivers on these provisions  and more for the people who will suffer most during this crisis.   