 Mr. President, I come to join my colleagues to talk  about the final passage of the Great American Outdoors Act and to  discuss what it really means to all of us.   Obviously, the great outdoors means a lot to the State of Washington.  Nobody probably needs that explained to them. I recently read a quote  from George Vancouver when he was discovering the Pacific Northwest.  Even in his remarks, he was so astounded that this was such a beautiful  place. It tells you it lasts for generations, and that is what this  bill is about. This bill is making it last for generations beyond us.   I want to thank the bipartisan effort of five Democrats and five  Republicans who joined together to originally put the parks' backlog  and maintenance together by fully funding the Land and Water  Conservation Fund.   People should realize that the Land and Water Conservation Fund, over  its history--and I followed it closely because Scoop Jackson, a long- time Senator from the State of Washington and the original sponsor of  the Land and Water Conservation Fund, understood that America was  urbanizing, and we needed to make an investment in open space. That  open space gives us park and recreational area.   It has literally provided 5 million acres of protected land since its  inception. There are 5 million acres of land throughout the United  States of America that we can identify in every State of the United  States to give Americans access to open space.   I mentioned Gas Works Park in the State of Washington and Seattle  because it is so iconic. I don't think people would think that Lake  Union would be the same without Gas Works Park.   It was a great idea by the leaders of our Congress at the time to  pass the Land and Water Conservation Act. We had a fight, literally, in  the last 10 or 15 years between people who didn't want to fully fund or  even support the Land and Water Conservation Act. We let it expire 2  years ago, and people were in an argument about how to reauthorize it.  People then wanted to say that we don't really want to do new land; we  want to take care of the backlog. That debate went on for a time.   I think we really tried to emphasize the great economy related to the  outdoors because taking this revenue from oil and gas offshoring and  putting it into land conservation has been a big win for the American  people. Not only do they get open space and be able to recreate, but it  puts money back into our economy as well because the outdoor economy is  a big juggernaut at $877 billion.   We are ending this debate today. We are ending this paradigm that has  existed between some Members who have said: Yes, I care about the parks  that are already there, and maybe we should take care of the backlog,  but I don't want any new money going to the Land and Water Conservation  Fund.   The Land and Water Conservation Fund has dedicated across the United  States 5 million acres as open space for all Americans to enjoy. That  is a big win--ending this debate and ending this, I would say,  misdirected discussion that tried to pit land against one another and,  basically, people who didn't want more open space and public land.   I think we are ending that debate on a very firm note today that says  the Senate really believes that open space is a great driver of our  economy, but more importantly, it is an essential aspect of American  life, and we are going to continue to invest in it.   For us in the State of Washington, we have received something like  $700 million over the life of this project since the 1960s. With this  legislation today, we are basically making sure the Land and Water  Conservation Fund dollars connected from offshore oil revenue is spent  in the Land and Water Conservation Fund. We will receive hundreds of  millions more--between $200 million and $300 million more in Land and  Water Conservation Fund investment.   I can't wait to see what that does for us in the Northwest. As I  said, starting with George Vancouver and on down to today, everybody in  the Northwest knows that the environment is so precious to us. It is  great for its restorative value but also great for our economy so we  want to keep it, and we want to keep investing in it.   The backlog and maintenance we are talking about is a phenomenal  investment. I encourage all of my colleagues to visit Mount Rainier  sometime if you are in the Pacific Northwest. You can drive up to  Paradise and visit. Those roads and the facilities there need  maintenance. Even several years ago we used the Land and Water  Conservation Fund for the Carbon River improvement on a road that kept  washing out every year, and now we moved it to higher ground, expanding  the park. That makes it more beneficial for people to go to that side  of the mountain as well.   I am reminded what Teddy Roosevelt said: ``The nation behaves well if  it treats the national resources as assets which it must turn over to  the next generation increased, and not impaired, in value.''   That is what we are doing today. We are returning that value to the  next generation.   I want to specifically thank Senator Manchin for his leadership on  our side of the aisle on this. Having sponsored this legislation myself  2 years ago with Senator Burr and getting it out of the committee, we  were sad to see that it got stuck on the Senate floor. We are glad this  coalition of five Democrats  [[Page S3033]]  and five Republicans led by Senator Gardner has managed to get it to  this point.   I also want to mention that Senator Burr's leadership over the last  two Congresses--actually, all the way back to 2010, where he fought to  make sure that this Land and Water Conservation legislation was  reauthorized and that we make this investment--has played a pivotal  role in making sure that people understand what that investment means  to the United States.   So a huge day for public lands in the U.S. Senate and a huge day to  say that Americans will be getting more open space and that our parks  will be getting a little bit of a facelift, if you will, around their  roads and bridges and facilities, their trails, the management of our  forests, the infrastructure that is entailed in giving public access to  these public spaces.   It couldn't be a more important investment, and it couldn't give  America a bigger return.   So I thank my colleagues. I look forward to getting this rapidly  through the House of Representatives.   I yield the floor    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   