 HORN of Oklahoma. Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. Perlmutter  for yielding me the time.   Madam Speaker, I begin by saying, I rise in strong support of S. 881,  the Promoting Research and Observations of Space Weather to Improve the  Forecasting of Tomorrow, or the PROSWIFT Act, and recognize my  colleague, Mr. Perlmutter, for all of his efforts on this, as well as  my fellow Oklahoman and ranking member of the committee, Mr. Lucas, and  particularly, too, recognize Senator Peters for all of his work on this  important issue, which I think can often go underrecognized and  unappreciated.   I was proud to cosponsor the House version of the PROSWIFT Act, H.R.  5260, with Mr. Perlmutter and many others, which passed out of the  Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and I would like to,  again, recognize the leadership on this bipartisan and bicameral bill,  including Mr. Brooks and others for the committee's work to advance an  understanding of and the importance of predictive capabilities of space  weather.   The PROSWIFT Act is really the culmination of years of work and  reflects input from hearings, including joint hearings, the  Subcommittee on Environment and the Subcommittee on Space and  Aeronautics, which I chair.   Though, it can feel remote, space weather can have a significant  impact on us right here on Earth, as you have heard. Space weather,  such as solar flares, solar wind and geomagnetic storms of energized,  charged particles can affect everything from our electric power grids,  to satellites, to aviation operations, human spaceflight operations,  and much more.   In short, severe space weather events pose significant risks to our  infrastructure, and in turn, our economy and our national security.  This is an important time and an important thing to take action on.   Madam Speaker, space weather forecasting is years, if not decades,  behind the maturity of terrestrial forecasting, and that is why S. 881,  the PROSWIFT Act, is critical.   Without improvements in space weather forecasts and prediction, we  run the risk of potential disruptions to our critical infrastructure.  The PROSWIFT Act establishes U.S. policy to help prepare and protect us  against the social and economic impacts of space weather phenomena by  supporting actions to improve space weather forecasts and predictions.   This act makes clear the importance of federal agency contributions,  and their effective coordination, including NASA. To carry out research  on the Sun and its effects on near-Earth environments, NASA operates  research satellites whose measurements are also essential to NOAA's  operational space weather forecasts.   The PROSWIFT Act moves us forward from relying, in part, on these  research assets, some of which have been operating for over two  decades, to developing a strategic and coordinated approach to  sustaining a baseline of space weather operations and better predicting  space weather events.   It is also important to enabling our future goals of space, including  exploration goals to send humans to the Moon and to Mars, as laid out  in H.R. 5666, the bipartisan NASA Authorization Act of 2020.  Improvements in space weather forecasts will help keep our astronauts  safe from harmful space radiation, which can be elevated during solar  storms.   In addition, H.R. 5666 complements S. 881, the PROSWIFT Act, by  directing the NASA administrator to establish a space weather research  and applications program.   Madam Speaker, the Senate passed S. 881 on July 27, 2020, and now the  House must act to make sure this important legislation becomes law.    HORN of Oklahoma. Madam Speaker, I thank the  gentlewoman for yielding. I thank my colleagues Congresswoman Sherrill,  Ranking Member Lucas, Chairwoman Johnson, and Congressman Gonzales for  all of their work on this bill.   Madam Speaker, I rise today on behalf of H.R. 4990, the Election  Technology Research Act, a strong bipartisan bill that I am proud to  support and also proud to cosponsor.   Madam Speaker, in less than 2 months, Americans will head to the  polls and exercise their fundamental right as Americans to vote and to  have a voice in their government. Our elections are foundational to our  democracy, and Americans deserve to know that their vote is secure.   The Help America Vote Act, which became law nearly two decades ago,  included a much-needed investment in election technologies, security  systems, electronic poll books, and others supported by HAVA are in  common use today.   But as we all know, technology advances quickly, and it is critical  that our election technology advances with it. Given the varied and  widespread election technologies in use across our country, it is  vitally important that we  [[Page H4472]]  examine the risks, find opportunities for modernization, and pursue  secure updates to protect the sanctity and security of our elections.   We must make investments in research to improve cybersecurity of our  voting systems. Cyber warfare is an ever-escalating program, and our  right to vote is foundational and must be protected.   This bipartisan bill will initiate important research into the  security of election technology, enabling us to take the necessary  steps for every American to trust that their vote is counted.   Madam Speaker, I am glad to support this bill and urge my colleagues  to do the same.   