 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 965, a  measure to ensure that the House can continue to govern during the  coronavirus pandemic. The proposals before us offer new ways to conduct  our legislative business. In some respects, they present new tools for  governing--but they are within our authority to implement and they are  not intended to replace our regular order. To the contrary, they  present a fallback option to ensure that the House can continue to lead  during this crisis, and as the resolution makes clear, they are  intended to be used only during extraordinary circumstances.   And there can be no doubt that these are extraordinary times. We know  that to date, about 1.4 million Americans have already contracted this  deadly virus. To put this in perspective, that's more than the entire  population of my hometown, San Jose, California, which is the tenth  largest city in the country.   In just three months, more Americans have died from the coronavirus  than were killed in all the wars we have fought in more than a half  century combined--including in Vietnam, Iraq, and Afghanistan.   According to one model, which the White House has relied on, by  August of this year the toll could be as high as 147,000 deaths. That's  nearly twice as many as the same model forecast only two weeks ago.   At the same time, we face dire economic conditions. In the past eight  weeks, more than 36.5 million unemployment claims have been filed, and  the unemployment rate has quadrupled, soaring to 14.7 percent. It has  previously been estimated that the nation's highest ever unemployment  rate was 24.9 percent, during the Great Depression in 1933. Yesterday,  California's Employment Development Department released new data which  show that the unemployment rate in my state may already be 24.4  percent.   The coronavirus pandemic has affected nearly every aspect of our  daily lives, upending businesses and grinding our economy to a halt.  This crisis demands legislative action and oversight.   However, the health guidelines issued by the Centers for Disease  Control and Prevention and the advice of the Attending Physician show  that there are significant challenges to the House operating as if  nothing has changed, including the need for social distancing, use of  masks or facial coverings, cancelling any gatherings of more than 250  individuals or more than 10 individuals in a high-risk category, and  others.   Moreover, we are still learning about how this highly contagious  deadly virus is spread and what steps can be taken to mitigate its  further spread. I represent Santa Clara County, which experts now  believe suffered the first death from the coronavirus in the United  States. But experts did not know until mid-April that a death which  occurred on February 6 was actually a result of the coronavirus.   I am mindful that many people are putting themselves at risk by  working on the frontlines every day: from doctors and nurses, to police  officers, firefighters, and paramedics, to transit workers and truck  drivers, among others. As the daughter of a truck driver and a  cafeteria cook, I deeply appreciate everything all of these people are  doing to support their communities and the country, even at risk to  their own health.   However, we in Congress have an option that most of these vital  frontline workers do not: we can do our work remotely in a safe,  secure, online format. It is clear that we need rules that allow the  House to conduct oversight of the coronavirus response, mark up  legislation, and take votes on the House Floor without needlessly  putting Members, Capitol Police, staff, press, and non-partisan  institutional staff at risk.   The resolution before us would provide mechanisms to do just that,  both at the committee level and on the House floor.   A series of events this week prove that the highest levels of our  government recognize the need to adapt our work to the 21st century-- and that we can do so in a safe, secure, and transparent way.  [[Page H2042]]    The Supreme Court--which has long resisted modest attempts to  increase transparency and public access to its proceedings--heard oral  arguments by conference call, as it has done during the pandemic. Those  important cases involve critical congressional oversight prerogatives.   The Senate held a hearing that included remote participation, as it  has done during the pandemic. This time, it included an entire panel of  witnesses testifying remotely, as well as a Chairman and Ranking Member  who led the hearing remotely, in addition to other Senators.   For its part, the executive branch recognized the legitimacy and need  for these virtual proceedings by participating in the proceedings of  both the legislative and judicial branches--including by having high  ranking members of the White House Task Force testify remotely in a  Senate hearing about the Administration's response.   Expanding congressional activity online ensures that we can continue  to act, while reserving precious testing equipment and supplies for  frontline workers who don't have jobs that can be performed remotely.   The House has not always been quick to adopt technology to its  legislative procedures. It is not unusual for any institution steeped  in history and precedent to resist technological change. That was the  case for the House when it came to advances like electronic voting and  televising our proceedings--both of which we take for granted today.  The first bill to permit a form of electrical and mechanical voting was  introduced in 1886, but the House did not take its first electronic  vote until 1973, nearly 90 years later. Similarly, it took more than 40  years from the time Members of the House first appeared on live  television to the time that cameras were allowed to broadcast live  proceedings on the House floor.   Resistance to technological change for governing has not been unique  to the House. The Senate took another seven years after the House to  permit television coverage of its proceedings, and it still does not  permit electronic voting. Even today, the Supreme Court does not  televise its proceedings.   Yet, as we have seen this week, both of those institutions have  recognized that we are living in extraordinary times, and that it is  essential to change the way they operate.   We can--and we must--act swiftly to ensure that Congress can continue  its legislative and oversight work online during these unique and  extraordinary times. Working with Leader Hoyer, Chairman McGovern, and  the staffs of the Rules and House Administration committees, together  we have prepared a proposal that encompasses two distinct components:  remote, directed voting on the House floor, and remote committee  hearings and markups to ensure that we can continue to develop  additional legislative solutions and carry out oversight of the  Administration's response.   For committee operations, the resolution provides for the use of  suitable, secure online platforms for committee proceedings. The intent  of the resolution is not to provide an advantage to either the majority  or the minority, but to permit committees' proceedings to have the same  status and significance as if they were held entirely in-person.   For voting on the floor, we will rely on a secure email system,  coupled with Member-driven, remotely-directed authorizations. This  system would use secure email for proxy votes: a solid, well known,  resilient technology with very low bandwidth requirements that we  understand very well from a cybersecurity standpoint.   These new provisions build on steps we have already taken to expand  the use of technology during the pandemic to promote social distancing  and other safeguards consistent with the advice of the Attending  Physician and the CDC.   For example, last month the Speaker directed the creation of an  electronic hopper to permit the virtual submission of all Floor  documents--including bills, resolutions, co-sponsors and extensions of  remarks--via a dedicated and secure email system. Since the policy took  effect, 489 measures have been filed, and of those, 482 measures were  filed electronically and just 7 were filed using the old process.   And in my capacity as Chairperson of the Joint Committee on Printing,  I directed the GPO to accept for publication in the Congressional  Record extensions of remarks submitted with a Member's electronic  signature. Under this new, more convenient system Members have filed  356 extensions of remarks by email.   I represent Silicon Valley, which has become synonymous around the  world for technology and the spirit of innovation. We in Congress must  adopt the entrepreneurial spirit and openness to new technology that  made that community a global leader and apply it to the procedural and  logistical challenges we face in our legislative operations--as well as  to a strategy to respond to and overcome the coronavirus.    Mr. Speaker, during this unique and difficult time for  our nation, I support The Heroes Act to respond to the COVID-19  pandemic and the related economic catastrophe.   This bill will provide relief to my constituents in California's 19th  District by providing nearly $1 trillion for state and local  governments and the added flexibility to use these funds to address  significant revenue shortfalls. The State of California is projecting a  $54 billion shortfall through the next fiscal year, and this additional  funding and flexibility will help maintain various health and welfare  programs as well as keep our teachers, first responders, public health  and other essential workers employed.   Throughout the pandemic, more than 3,000 constituents and small  business owners have contacted me to share the financial hardships they  are facing. The Heroes Act addresses these challenges with a second  round of direct payments for individuals and families, an extension of  unemployment benefits, and $175 billion for rental and mortgage  assistance. Plus, it strengthens the Paycheck Protection Program and  expands eligibility to nonprofits of all sizes. The bill also makes key  investments in food security by boosting SNAP maximum benefits by 15  percent and nearly doubling the minimum monthly benefit from $16 to  $30. The bill provides $25 billion for the Postal Service to prevent  its demise during this time when increasing numbers of Americans rely  on it as a lifeline to receive medicine and vital materials.  [[Page H2248]]    COVID-19 has put an enormous strain on our education system, and this  bill provides critical relief for students and schools. Our Santa Clara  County institutions of higher education will be eligible for direct  emergency funding and billions more will be available for California to  support elementary and secondary schools. The Heroes Act also provides  $7 billion for childcare providers and extends student loan debt  relief.   The Heroes Act is also forward-facing, with $75 billion for testing,  tracing, and treatment. California has been following science and  medical professionals, and our national plan for reopening must also be  strategic and science-based.   As Chair of the Immigration and Citizenship Subcommittee, I authored  provisions to provide temporary protections for essential critical  immigrant infrastructure workers and help keep detention centers safe.  As Chair of the Committee on House Administration, I secured safeguards  for our democracy, including funding and protections to ensure  elections can be held in 2020. Working with the Chair of the Rules  Committee, I helped craft provisions that bring Congress into the 21st  Century, which will allow the House to play a full and robust  legislative and oversight role during the pandemic.   A crisis of this magnitude requires bold legislative actions, and  this bill will provide relief for American workers, families, students,  small businesses, and healthcare systems. I vow to continue working  with my colleagues in the House and Senate to help jumpstart our  economic recovery and address specific community needs during and after  this public health emergency.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6800, the  Heroes Act.   This November, the American people will cast their votes to elect a  new government. Americans have voted during times of great strife in  the past--during the Civil War, in the midst of the Great Depression,  in the shadow of World Wars, and in the wake of terrorist attacks.  Americans will stand united to vote this November, as well.   This year, however, we are faced with the unique challenges of a  deadly, global viral pandemic which to date has killed more than 80,000  Americans and infected more than one million people in the United  States. This emergency has already ground our daily lives and our  economy to a halt. While drastic measures put in place have appeared to  blunt some of the effects of this pandemic, we nevertheless face the  prospect of a resurgence of the coronavirus in the Fall.   Public health experts agree that we must take steps to mitigate risk  of the spread of COVID-19. This includes limiting public exposure to  the virus by employing strict social distancing measures. These  measures must also apply to the administration of our elections. To  answer this challenge, the Heroes Act includes important provisions  which I have authored to ensure safe and orderly elections in 2020. It  appropriates $3.6 billion to assist state and local election officials  to put into place much-needed protections for voters and poll workers.   This includes expanding no-excuse absentee vote by mail for every  voter who wishes it, and providing 15 consecutive days of early in- person voting to ensure all who prefer or require to vote in person can  do so without being forced to contend with overcrowded and potentially  dangerous polling locations on election day. In the event of an  emergency declaration, and including the COVID-19 pandemic, the bill  provides that every registered voter will be mailed an absentee ballot  with prepaid return postage so that they may vote from the safety of  their homes.   The bill also sets important federal standards to ensure the American  people know how, when, and where to vote, how to track their ballot,  and it provides an opportunity to cure issues that may arise before  their ballot is rejected.   We don't yet know how conditions related to the coronavirus will  impact our elections in November, but we do know that we cannot risk  imperiling the lives of countless Americans by being unprepared on  election day. The right to vote is an essential element of our  democracy and Americans should not have to weigh their rights of  citizenship against their own health and safety.   The Heroes Act, if enacted, will put into place the necessary  measures to allow every eligible voter to participate in our elections  in a safe and orderly manner. The stakes are too high to fail to act,  and I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation.   