 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my amendment to  promote access to justice policies within the Department of Justice.   As a former pro bona counsel, I know how important legal  representation is for the most vulnerable members of society. My  amendment, which would reduce and increase funds in this division by  the same amount, aims to bring attention to the fact that the  Department of Justice should spend appropriated funds to improve access  to justice in the criminal and civil systems for all Americans.  Carrying out this goal requires coordination throughout the Department  in its litigation, policy activity, and grant making. This task was  historically accomplished by the Department's Office of Access to  Justice, an office that was eliminated by the Trump administration and  I hope is re-established soon.   In the meantime, the Department should reinvigorate its statement of  interest and amicus brief practice reflecting focusing on the Sixth  Amendment right to counsel to ensure it is guaranteed at the state and  local level in the criminal context.   In the civil context, the Department should accelerate its work to  raise federal agencies' awareness of how civil legal aid helps advance  a wide range of federal objectives including improved access to health  care and housing, education and employment, family stability and public  safety. Specifically, the Department should continue its leadership of  the White House Legal Aid Interagency Roundtable an interagency effort  that I am so pleased to learn this Administration has embraced.   A report from the Philadelphia Bar Association showed that the  estimated return on investment for providing counsel to low income  tenants in the city was about $12.47. That means for every dollar that  the City of Philadelphia spent on providing legal representation to  these individuals, it received $12.47 in return. Ensuring access to  justice is not only the morally just thing to do, it is also a  financially sound decision. Responding to the legal needs of victims of  crime, people seeking employment, and servicemembers are bipartisan  concerns that my amendment directly supports. My amendment would help  continue these bipartisan practices and promote the Department of  Justice's mission of ensuring justice for all.   