 Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I present this amendment by opening  with the stance of the U.S. Marine Corps, which is that: ``War is not a  game.'' I'm quoting the Marines. The Marine Service brand and issues  associated with combat are too serious to be gamified in a responsible  manner.   Now, this amendment is specifically to block recruitment practices  and funding for recruitment practices on platforms such as Twitch.tv,  which are live-streaming platforms that are largely populated by  children well under the age of military recruitment rules. Children as  young as 13, and oftentimes as young as 12, are targeted for  recruitment forms that can be filled online.   This amendment is in direct alignment with both those values but also  the values that children should not be targeted in general for many  marketing purposes, in addition to military service.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, once again, I think it is  extraordinarily important, especially when it comes to emerging  technology platforms, that intervention be taken extraordinarily  seriously, because once these lights are turned on, it is very  difficult to roll them back. Right now, currently children on platforms  such as Twitch are bombarded with banner ads that link to recruitment  signup forms that can be submitted by children as young as 12 years  old. These are not educational outreach programs, but recruitment forms  for the military.   A Twitter account for the USArmyEsports team linked to a page with  ``Register to Win'' at the top--no details on what one could even win-- and a signup form that, according to a tiny disclosure at the bottom of  the page, consents to contact by an Army recruiter, again allowing  people as young as 12 years old to submit this form.   Viewers on the Army's Twitch channel are repeatedly presented with an  automated prompt that says they could win an X-box Elite Series 2  controller that cost upwards of $200, and a link where they can enter  the ``giveaway.'' It, too, directs them to a recruitment form, which  has no additional mention of a contest, odds, total number of winners,  or when a drawing will occur.   Again, it is extraordinarily important that we approach and study  emerging technologies, including live-streaming, which is a platform  that is exploding in use, particularly among young people. And when it  comes to issues of technology, I believe that we should act with  reservation and caution first rather than entering with both feet in  and then trying to undo damage that could potentially be done.   That is why I believe that we should, again, restrain and restrict  ourselves from explicit recruitment tactics--not others, but  recruitment specifically--on platforms that children are using to play  games from Animal Crossing to Call of Duty.   Additionally, there was also the extraordinary concern within the  Marine Corps of conflating military service with shoot-em-up style  first-person shooters. We cannot conflate war and military service with  this kind of gamified format.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I would like to thank the chairman  for including my two amendments here regarding housing discrimination.   Yesterday, the President had tweeted that he was ``happy to inform  all of the people living their suburban lifestyle dream that you will  no longer be bothered or financially hurt by having low-income housing  built in your neighborhood.''   Now, this is classic, textbook discrimination. And we are here to  rise to say: Uh-uh. This is not going to happen on our watch and that  our Nation is strengthened and exemplified by diversity of class, race,  and all backgrounds when it comes to housing; that HUD and the  Department of Housing has an affirmative responsibility to not just  prevent discrimination but to actively dismantle years and decades of  actively racist and discriminatory policy.   That is our responsibility, and we have a responsibility to block  that discriminatory policy wherever we see it.   