 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, the threat of climate change is one of the most urgent  threats we face.   Today, as we speak, vast portions of the West Coast of our Nation are  consumed with wildfires. To the south, our country has already been  repeatedly pounded by tropical storms and hurricanes this year. Severe  weather and dangerous heat waves are becoming increasingly commonplace.  Coral reefs around the world are dying off, threatening whole  ecosystems, and the ocean is becoming more acidic, which puts in peril  an entire food chain vital to feeding humanity.   The threat of climate change is here, and it is long past time for  Congress to take action to combat it.   Responding to climate change is also an opportunity to reinvent our  economy and propel it into the 21st century. We have the opportunity to  make America the leader in a host of clean energy technologies that  will boost our economy and bring good, high-paying jobs.   H.R. 4447, the Clean Economy Jobs and Innovation Act, will do just  that by investing unprecedented amounts in clean energy research and  development. This bill also makes long overdue investments in grid  modernization and large-scale energy storage, which are key to allowing  us to unlock the full potential of intermittent renewables and other  clean energy investments.   Finally, this bill makes a critical investment in carbon capture and  storage technology. We have to recognize that today, as we speak, most  of the energy used for electricity, transportation, and industrial  processes in our Nation and across the world are still produced from  fossil fuels. To realistically hope to combat the worst effects of  climate change, we have to invest in technologies that can clean up the  bulk of our current pollution sources, both here and abroad.   All of the 16 bills that the Committee on Science, Space and  Technology contributed to this package are bipartisan pieces of  legislation. This reflects the broad support of these bills in both the  environmental and business community--having received support from  groups as diverse as the NRDC, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the League  of Conservation Voters, and the National Association of Manufacturers.   Madam Speaker, I want to take a moment to thank our current  Subcommittee on Energy chair, Lizzie Fletcher, and our former chair,  Conor Lamb, for their hard work in getting us to this point today.   I also thank my fellow committee chairs, Frank Pallone and Raul  Grijalva, for their tireless work on H.R. 4447 and their commitment to  fighting for climate change.   H.R. 4447 will not, on its own, prevent climate change, but it is a  vital first step in addressing this threat. If we don't take the first  step, we will never get anywhere in our efforts to address this growing  crisis.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Texas (Mrs. Fletcher).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. Bonamici), a very dynamic member of the  committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from California (Mr. Swalwell).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Foster), a distinguished scientist and  member of the committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Lamb), a hardworking member of the  committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. Luria).    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my  time.   Let me just simply say, our planet screams out for our help. This is  not intended to be a Democratic exercise. It is a stand for a real need  to give attention to the climate change we are experiencing that can  only get worse without us doing something.   So I extend my hand to the Republican members of this committee to  join us and understand that it is not just a political ploy that we are  trying to do here, it is time for us to address climate change. We are  suffering too much and losing to many unnecessary spent dollars dealing  with the situation that we are in now.   The people are depending on us to take the lead and address the  problem. So I plead with you, join with us. This is not partisan; it is  to save our planet. I ask you to support this bill, and I yield back  the balance of my time.   