 Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for his extraordinary  leadership on this issue.   This is very simple, Members. Women want to be equal, and we want it  in the Constitution.   I am equal on this House floor with all of my male colleagues, but  when I walk out, I have fewer rights and protections than them.   I rise today because the women of America are done being second-class  citizens. We are done being paid less for our work, done being violated  with impunity, done being discriminated against for our pregnancies,  done being discriminated against simply because we are women.   The ERA is about equality. The ERA is about sisterhood, motherhood,  survival, dignity, and respect.   The world recognizes this. Of the 193 countries in the United  Nations, 165 have put this kind of language in their constitutions, but  not the United States of America.   From the Women's March to the #MeToo movement to the pink wave, the  outrage we have seen among women is because we have been disrespected,  devalued, and diminished in our society. And we are fed up.   It is no wonder recent votes to ratify the ERA came in 2017, 2018,  and 2020, because we want the ERA now. We have waited for almost a  century for the ERA.   I want to thank my Republican cosponsors of this resolution,  including Congressmen Reed, Fitzpatrick, and Van Drew.   I know most of you recognize that this is the right thing to do for  your wives, daughters, and granddaughters. Ninety-four percent of  Americans already support the ERA. In fact, they are surprised it is  not already in the Constitution.   Now, some of you will say just restart the process, but you are the  same people who admit you won't vote for it. Some will say, ``Well,  women already have equality,'' while they vote against VAWA  reauthorization, vote against paycheck fairness, chip away at title IX.   For too long, women have relied on the patchwork quilt of laws and  precedents. We have put our lives on the line. We have been forced to  take our cases all the way to the Supreme Court, and often, there, we  lose.   For my colleagues who think we already have women's equality, talk to  Christy Brzonkala, who was raped by two football players at Virginia  Tech. She sought justice under the Violence Against Women Act, but the  Supreme Court struck down the civil suit provisions, claiming Congress  lacked the authority to pass it.   Talk to Lilly Ledbetter, who had to rely on an anonymous note to  learn she was paid less than her male colleagues at Goodyear.   Talk to Betty Duke, who was passed over for promotions and paid  $10,000 less for her work at Walmart.   Talk to Peggy Young, who was placed on unpaid leave, losing her  health insurance, while pregnant, at UPS, all the while men were  granted the exact same accommodation that she was denied.   The ERA is about building the America we want. It is about forming a  more perfect Union because, simply put, there can be no expiration date  on equality.   I urge my colleagues to affirm their support for women's equality and  vote for this resolution.   