 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 683, The  Puerto Rico Recovery Accuracy in Disclosures Act of 2619. I am thankful  for my friends, Chairman Jerrold Nadler, the Members serving on the  Judiciary committee, and the staff who helped bring this bipartisan  bill to the floor.   Congress passed the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic  Stability Act--or PROMESA--in 2016 to set up an orderly bankruptcy  process to restructure its debt, stimulate economic development, and  put the Island on a path to financial recovery.   The bill before the House's consideration today, will close a  loophole in the Island's debt restructuring process, improve  transparency, and restore confidence in the island's future.   While we can have differing opinions on how effectively the Oversight  Board is carrying out its mission, one thing should be clear--the  island's residents should be entitled to the same rights and  protections as any debtor on the mainland.   The trust the American people have placed in our bankruptcy  resolution system is based on a fair, efficient, and transparent  process. Transparency, as required by section 327 of Title 11 of the  United States Code and Rule 2014 of Federal Bankruptcy procedure,  applies to every corporate bankruptcy and ensures any conflicts of  interest--or even the perception of such conflict--between those  working on the bankruptcy and the debtor are disclosed. However,  PROMESA does not have a similar requirement.   The bill we are bringing to the floor today addresses this oversight  and applies a robust disclosure requirement to all PROMESA Title III  proceedings, eliminating the double standard that the People of Puerto  Rico. Puerto Ricans should be confident that the Board's bankruptcy  advisors do not have their ``thumb on the scale'' to favor certain  debts where they have a selfinterest. This bipartisan bill ensures  integrity of the PROMESA process.   The need for PRRADA was articulated in February 2019, when a board- appointed law firm investigated potential conflicts in Puerto Rico's  bankruptcy in response to reports by the press about conflicts of  interests by one of the Board's consultants. One of the main  recommendations in the ``Luskin Report'' was that vendors should  disclose affiliate relationships. The report found that trading in  Puerto Rico public debt is particularly problematic, as it gives rise  to the appearance of conflict. This is exactly what PRRADA would  require vendors to do--and why we need to pass this comprehensive piece  of legislation.   In closing, PRRADA will guarantee to the people of Puerto Rico the  same transparency and disclosure practices required by law in U.S.  mainland bankruptcies. Tn the interest of fairness for Puerto Rico's  people and for impartiality in restructuring--and thereby securing-- Puerto Rico's future, we must pass H.R. 683 and close this loophole.   Once more, I would like to thank Chairman Nadler, the staff and the  bipartisan cosponsors of this bill. I strongly encourage all members to  vote ``Yes'' on this critical piece of legislation.   