 Mr. Speaker, I thank the good gentleman from Guam for  yielding.   I rise in support of H.R. 5003, the Fair Debt Collection Practices  for Servicemembers Act.   Every day we are reminded of the significant sacrifices our troops  make to protect us, and as Members of Congress we have a responsibility  to protect those who protect us.   The Fair Debt Collection Practices for Servicemembers Act works to  live up to this responsibility by addressing abusive debt collection  practices specifically targeting servicemembers.   According to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, approximately  40 percent of the complaints filed by servicemembers concern debt  collection, as compared to 26 percent by nonservicemembers. These debt  collection practices are manipulative and have negative career  implications for soldiers and their families.   Egregious practices include: Contacting the servicemembers' chain of  command in order to extract payment, threatening punishment through the  Uniform Code of Military Justice, threatening rank reduction, or  threatening to revoke a soldier's security clearances.   Unfortunately, these practices do not stop with the servicemember.  Some debt collectors also target military spouses, unfairly burdening  our military families who sacrifice so much for us.   These tactics are egregious and must stop. Our servicemen and -women  make extraordinary sacrifices for all of us. The last thing they need  is harassment from debt collectors who take advantage of their service,  which is why I am pleased to rise in support of this bill and to have  had the chance to work with the entire Financial Services Committee,  the chair, the ranking member, and the members.   Specifically, my bill amends the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act  and prohibits a debt collector from communicating with a  servicemember's chain of command or department for the purpose of  threatening to have their rank reduced or threatening to revoke  security clearance.   This legislation will help ensure that our military families are not  unnecessarily targeted for their service to our country and shield them  from bad practices. I am in awe of our servicemembers' spirit of  service. We must do our part to service them.   I thank my colleagues, Representative Stivers and Representative  Davidson, a fellow member of the Financial Services Committee and an  Army veteran with years of service, for cosponsoring and supporting  this bill. I urge all Members to support it.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   