 Madam Speaker, I rise in enthusiastic support  of H.R. 35--the Emmett Till Antilynching Act. This bill amends section  249 of title 18, United States Code, to specify lynching as a hate  crime under federal law. It corrects a longstanding omission from  Federal civil rights law. It is without question that this legislation  is long overdue and needed even today.   The legacy of lynching is a stain on our nation's history, and the  racism that motivated lynchings continues to fuel acts of hate today.  This legislation should pass with strong and eager bipartisan support.   This bill is named after Emmett Till who was only 14 years old when  he was lynched in 1955 in Mississippi. A lynching is an extrajudicial  killing by a mob, and is not limited to deaths by hanging. He was so  badly tortured that he was left unrecognizable. This was done here in  America by Americans during a Jim Crow era in a segregated fragmented  society. Now in 2020, this hateful legacy is unfortunately raising its  head again forcing us to defend our basic values. While we celebrate  our freedom here in the United States and abroad, we must continue to  be diligent in remembering our true history.   The legacy of lynching in Texas can never be erased. The families and  communities of victims are still impacted today. Even in my hometown of  Waco, Texas, Jesse Washington, a seventeen-year-old farmhand was  mutilated and burned to death, on May 15, 1916, in what became one of  the most well known documented cases of lynching. Sadly, in Texas,  there are hundreds of others.   The designation under federal law is important and most relevant  because state law did not protect the rights of the victims of  lynchings. Horribly true, many of the lynchings were carried out either  by officers and representatives of the law or with the blessings of  local law enforcement. African Americans and other people of color did  not receive the same protections under the law that every American  should have received. That is why this designation of lynching as a  hate crime under federal law is critical even today.   I ask my colleagues to support this bill, improve federal law and  protect the rights of every person in the United States.   