 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 6782,  the Small Business Transparency and Reporting for the Underbanked and  Taxpayers at Home Act or TRUTH Act, which directs the Small Business  Administration (SBA) to explain and justify all disbursements of  coronavirus relief funds, ensuring transparency and accountability from  this critical agency.   Together, the CARES Act and the Payroll Protection Program and Health  Care Enhancement Act together allocated more than $2 trillion to  address the devastating coronavirus pandemic, the most expensive relief  package ever authorized by Congress, and the largest outlay of taxpayer  funds in all human history.   The stakes simply are too high to allow irresponsible stewardship,  and those charged with disbursing coronavirus relief funds must be held  to the highest standards and held to account for misfeasance or  malfeasance.   Mr. Speaker, it is wholly unacceptable that the SBA has not to date  provided full transparency over its administration of the Payroll  Protection Program (PPP) and Economic Injury Disaster Loan Program  (EIDL).   PPP and EIDL were created by Congress to provide relief for small  businesses affected by the pandemic, and more than $700 billion has  been allocated in service of those goals.   However, in too many cases the programs did not function as Congress  intended, and large organizations such as the Los Angeles Lakers  received funding while many of our smallest and most vulnerable  businesses were unable to secure assistance.   In light of this mismanagement, it is imperative that SBA be subject  to an exhaustive audit of its handling of PPP and EIDL funding.   The agency has refused to do so voluntarily, requiring Congress to  mandate compliance from the agency that exists to serve small business,  the backbone of the American economy.   The TRUTH Act would require the SBA to make the following information  publicly available in an online, searchable, sortable, and downloadable  format within 30 days of passage:   1. The identity of every recipient of a grant or loan that was funded  by the CARES Act or the Payroll Protection Program and Health Care  Enhancement Act;   2. An explanation of the SBA's decision-making process;   3. The number of employees at the entity in question;   4. The date when the grant or loan was disbursed;   5. The identification number of the bank or lender that administered  the grant or loan; and   6. The amount of assistance provided to small businesses owned by  socially and economically disadvantaged individuals, women, and  veterans.   Mr. Speaker, the COVID-19 pandemic has challenged us in ways we could  have scarcely imagined; it has claimed lives and destroyed livelihoods  all across our nation.   We are in this together and we will come out stronger and better.   And we do that by caring for each other and rendering equal, justice  and fairness, whether it is in the area of coronavirus testing,  distribution of PPE, or economic assistance.   Our small businesses need help and they need the truth, which is why  I urge my colleagues to join me in voting to pass H.R. 6782, the TRUTH  Act.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairwoman for her  leadership with the ranking member, Mr. Phillips and Mr. Roy.   Mr. Speaker, I stand in strong support because 100,000 people are  dead. Small businesses are living in the midst of those communities of  devastation, but they are trying to keep their doors open so they can  help their fellow citizens.   I am grateful that we will allow an extended period of time, 24  weeks, for allowing for forgiveness. I am very grateful we have  extended the date, for extending the program to December 31, and, of  course, the payment, the loan period to 5 years.   I know the mom-and-pop barbershops and cosmetology shops and nail  shops and restaurants; they are crying out to survive. Some of their  very workers have died. They are taking care of families. And so to  ensure the full access to payroll tax deferment for business tax, that  takes PPP loans.   In addition, I support the TRUTH Act because the money that we give  must be used right, and transparency on who gets the loans is  important.   Mr. Speaker, this further relief for small businesses is well placed  because they are the anchor of the economy.   I say to Houston small businesses: We are coming to help you. We will  be speaking to you this week.   Mr. Speaker, I support this bill, and we should move this forward as  quickly as possible. They are the anchor of the economy of this Nation.   