 Madam Speaker, I rise to encourage my  colleagues to support the Helping MOMS Act. This bipartisan  legislation, which I authored together with my colleagues on the House  Energy and Commerce Committee, would allow States to use their own  funds to extend Medicaid coverage for new moms to the entire postpartum  period of 1 year, which is the recommendation of medical professionals  and experts. Right now, States must seek a waiver from the Secretary of  Health and Human Services to expand postpartum coverage beyond 60 days.    With Medicaid providing coverage for more than half of new American  moms, expanding Medicaid would save lives. Study after study has proven  this to be the case. This bill will help correct a hurdle that has  existed for too many women.   Tragically, we know that our Nation's maternal mortality crisis, like  so many public health challenges, is taking a disproportionate toll on  African-American moms. Black moms die at 2\1/2\ times the rate of White  moms. In my home State of Illinois, the disparity grows to six times.  It is time for us to give new moms that opportunity to stay healthy by  seeing their doctors.   On top of removing the waiver requirement, this bill also studies the  availability of, access to, and success of doulas in providing care to  moms before, during, and after birth within the Medicaid program.   For those unfamiliar with the term, a doula is a trained companion  who, while not always a healthcare professional, supports mothers  through the pregnancy process. Studies have shown that doulas are a  powerful and cost-effective way to improve care delivery and prevent  maternal death.   Before closing, I want to thank my colleagues from Texas and  Washington for their leadership and support. Likewise, I would like to  thank the more than dozen organizations that endorsed this legislation,  including the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.   While the Helping MOMS Act is a compromise and not as comprehensive  as I had hoped, this is a major step forward that Congress can and  should take in a bipartisan way to help save mothers' lives.   In 2020, starting or growing a family should never cost a woman her  life, so I urge a ``yes'' on the Helping MOMS Act. It will help ensure  healthy and happy moms, babies, and families across America.   