 Madam Speaker, I rise to support this  legislation--long overdue.   I want to say to Congressman Serrano how I have witnessed his  persistence and his commitment, and I want to thank the gentleman so  much for finally getting this bill to the floor and making it a  bipartisan bill.   I was born and raised, of course, in El Paso, Texas, and the  wonderful history of our Latino community finally now, as a result of  this bill, will be brought forth for the American public and really for  the public and for the world to see and recognize and lift up.   Madam Speaker, I just want to say to Congressman Serrano, and to all  of those who are supporting this, that the beauty of diversity in this  country is what makes America America. This is another step toward  achieving that perfect Union. All of our young people, everyone  throughout the world, need to understand the history and the heritage  of the Latino community.   To think that it is going to be now part of the Smithsonian on The  Mall is just really exciting, and I hope we pass this today in a  bipartisan way.   I want to thank all of you and thank Congressman Serrano for giving  us the privilege to support such a historic effort.    Mr. Speaker, first, let me thank the  gentlewoman for yielding and for sharing her story about her beautiful  son, Jordan, and using her tragedy to ensure not only the survival, but  the thriving, for African-American boys and men.   Also, to Congresswoman Wilson, I have to thank Frederica for her  extraordinary leadership and determination to ensure that the  disparities affecting our Black men and boys are finally being heard  and addressed within our Federal Government.   While serving in the California Legislature, I initiated and chaired  the California Commission on the Status of African-American Males.  Those findings sparked a difficult but necessary discussion in our  State, which is still relevant today, and were implemented as  legislation and funding priorities.   This commission at the national level is long overdue. All too often,  Black men and boys face structural challenges that threaten their  chance at a good education, harm their health, and limit their  employment potential. Additionally, the low rate of high school  retention among Black male students is directly related to the high  rates of joblessness and incarceration in the African-American  population.   In this moment, the horrors of systemic racism are front and center,  and the manifestations are before us each and every day.   This commission brings hope. It will transform the lives of young  Black men from infancy to adulthood and will begin to remove so many of  the barriers that have led to shattered lives and hopelessness. It is  about hope.   