 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator  Wyden and I be able to complete our remarks prior to the recess.    Mr. President, 5 days ago, I stood before you and this  body and urged our fellow Senators to reach across the aisle and find  agreement on how we can best help millions of Americans who have lost  their livelihoods through no fault of their own due to this once-in-a- century pandemic. I made a simple request for Senators to be pragmatic,  to meet in the middle, and to expand the unemployment benefits through  Friday--for 7 days--while Congress continues to work through our  differences and comes up with a solution.   I asked: Who could possibly be against this? Well, it turns out the  minority leader came to the floor personally in order to object. The  Senator from New York decided to play political theater and thought it  was more important than assisting Americans who have been struggling to  make ends meet. Once again, he led the way and used hard-working  Arizonans and Americans as pawns in a political game.   For the many Arizonans who are out of work right now, this is not a  game. So here I am again, asking for a simple extension through the end  of this week so that Arizonans don't see an interruption to these  benefits as we work through our differences. Again, I ask: Who could  possibly be against this?   While some States continue expanded checks after they expired on  Friday for a few weeks, Arizonans got their last one. These Arizonans  live in my neighborhood. They live on my street. They worked paycheck  to paycheck before this pandemic hit, and then they couldn't work.   These Arizonans are people we know, like the single mom of two from  Phoenix who for the first time in her life had to rely on unemployment  to survive. She is the owner of a catering business. She has seen her  income drop drastically, as weddings and large events continue to be  canceled. The $840 she collected a week on unemployment is helping her  get through, keeping her afloat, keeping her business and her family  afloat to care for her two sons, one of whom is autistic and requires  significant support.   I am pleading with my fellow Senators: As we work through our  differences, let's extend her benefit for 1 week. Who could possibly be  against her?   Last week I heard from another single mother of three who lives in  Tucson. She told me she is terrified of falling into poverty because  she is forced to live on $240 a week. The extra that we provided during  this once-in-a-century pandemic helped her pay her bills and make ends  meet.   I am imploring my fellow Senators to extend her benefits, to keep her  afloat for 1 week while we work through our differences, to address  what we need to do to fight this pandemic, to defeat this virus, which  we will, and provide the economic support and the recovery we need,  because America will emerge stronger from this. We need to work through  those differences. Let's just extend this for a week. Who could  possibly be against her?   Arizona seniors are also suffering. A 70-year-old man in Arizona  drove for Uber and Lyft before the pandemic hit. He can no longer  safely drive strangers throughout Phoenix given his high-risk status.  He, too, benefited from the extended unemployment. That additional week  will really make a difference for him. Again, I ask my fellow Senators:  Who could possibly be against his getting those benefits for another  week?   These are just three of the countless stories I have heard from  Arizonians. They are pleading with Congress to put the bickering and  the dysfunction aside and work together.  [[Page S4700]]    When I got back home last weekend, people were asking: Why did they  object? It was for 7 days while you guys work through your differences.  Why can't you guys get your act together? Why can't you just do your  jobs and, in the meantime, just give us 7 more days?   That is a reasonable request. That is why I am here again to offer a  simple, commonsense solution--to extend the expanded $600 for  unemployed Americans through the week while we continue to work through  our differences here to provide economic support, relief, and economic  recovery for America. Who could possibly be against this? Who could  possibly be against this?   Therefore, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the  immediate consideration of my bill at the desk. I further ask unanimous  consent that the bill be considered and read a third time and passed  and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table.    Mr. President, I am just picturing, if you are one of my  neighbors or one of the people I mentioned who are watching TV right  now--this is Washington. These are bureaucratic reasons why we can't  just simply do what I am asking, which is extend for 1 week what we all  agreed upon in the past while we continue to work together to try and  solve problems on behalf of Arizonans. That is all I am asking.   Bureaucratic reasons or posturing or finger-pointing--people are so  tired of it. I am tired of it. That is why I first ran to come into  this deployed zone and fight in a different way than when I did in  uniform but with the same exact oath. We are here to solve problems. We  are here to represent the people we represent.   And, while we work through our differences, there is political  theater happening, Arizonans. There is political theater. There is  unserious negotiations, unfortunately, happening because some people,  like the minority leader, think that this is the path to power.  Somehow, Arizonans can be hurt, and others can be hurt. Somehow, that  is going to work in their favor. I am disgusted by that. I am simply  asking for us to do our job.   Maybe I need to offer another bill that all Members of Congress have  their pay held until we sit down and solve this. I did that before when  the CARES Act was being delayed for political reasons.   This is frustrating. It is disappointing. It is simply a 7-day  extension while we work through our differences.   Once again, friends on the other side of the aisle have let Arizonans  and Americans down, but we need to keep working to solve this issue and  support the people we represent. This is a commonsense request, and it  is very disappointing that they are not letting it through.   I yield the floor.   