 Madam President, I want to first thank the House managers  and the counsel for the President for their time and their hard work  and patience these past few weeks.   Yes, folks, we have had a robust and at times a rancorous trial. Some  days I left here feeling angry, and some days I left more hopeful.  Frankly, it is likely that many Americans--and in my case, Iowans--from  every political stripe will feel hurt by this process at some level.  But we are all representatives of the ideals and beliefs of the people  we are here to represent.   Like all of you, I have sworn an oath to uphold the Constitution, and  I take that oath very seriously. There have been a lot of arguments  presented about what the Constitution says regarding the threshold for  impeaching a President. It is clear to me that the Constitution goes  out of its way to make it a high bar for removing the President. This  is because the Founders were rightfully concerned that impeachment  might be used to upend the electoral will of the American people.  Absent restraint, the impeachment process would be all too tempting for  those who oppose a sitting President to simply use it as a tool to  achieve political advantage.   Each of us had one job--one job--during this process: to decide,  based on the evidence, whether the President committed an impeachable  offense. Upon reviewing the record containing the testimony of 17  witnesses and over 28,000 pages, as well as hearing from both sides on  their arguments presented throughout this process, I will vote against  both Articles of Impeachment.   The arguments of the House managers simply did not demonstrate that  the President's actions rise to an impeachable offense. Given the  constitutional requirements, voting any other way on these articles  would remove the ability of the American people to make their own  decision at the ballot box in November.   This process was fraught from the start with political aims and  partisan innuendos that simply cannot be overlooked.   The House managers' arguments have argued that the American people  cannot be trusted to render their own judgment on this President. I  reject this premise and the complete distrust of the American people  with everything in my heart. To do this would set a new and dangerous  precedent in American history.   As we sit here today, we believe we are experiencing a unique and  historical event; however, if the case presented by the House of  Representatives is allowed to be the basis for the removal of this  President, I am afraid that impeachment will become just another tool  used by those who play partisan politics. This is not what the Founders  intended, and this is a very dark path to go down.   Under the Constitution, impeachment wasn't designed to be a litmus  test on every action of the President's; elections were designed to be  that check. Further, the issue of foreign affairs has historically been  fraught with peril for Presidents. Foreign affairs is an art, not a  science, and trying to insert a formula into every Presidential  interaction with a foreign leader is a path toward ineffectiveness.   The Senate is about to close this chapter in American history. I pray  that we do not allow this to become the norm. I also pray earnestly  that we will shift into a spirit of cohesiveness, coming together to  get our work done for the American people. Our people, our Founders,  our country, and my great State of Iowa deserve better than this.   I yield the floor.   