 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 8015.   This upcoming 2020 general election will be like no other we have  witnessed. Americans will cast their vote to elect a new government  amidst a dangerous pandemic that has devastated countless American  families. To date, over 170,000 Americans have died due to COVID-19 and  over 5.6 million Americans have been infected. The pandemic has  disrupted our health, economy and our way of life, including our  democratic traditions. Americans are rightfully worried about how to  safely cast their vote this November.   Public health experts agree that voters will be empowered to protect  themselves and their families by having safe voting options, which  includes absentee voting. Having the option to vote by mail ensures  that voters who cannot vote in person don't have to choose between  their health and their right to vote.   The engine of voting by mail is the United States Postal Service. In  every election, postal workers provide an essential service to our  democracy by processing and delivering millions of absentee ballots for  domestic, overseas and military voters. This November, several million  Americans will depend on the Postal Service to exercise their right to  vote.   But in recent months, new leadership at the Postal Service directed  drastic operational policy changes that disrupted mail processing and  slowed mail delivery nationwide. The impact of the delays has been  harmful to Americans, especially senior citizens, veterans and the  sick, who depend on the Postal Service to receive medications,  retirement checks and other essentials. Former Postal Service  executives, election administrators and voter advocacy groups have  warned that ongoing delays in mail services will likely disenfranchise  voters that will cast absentee ballots this November.   The Delivering for America Act will work to restore prompt and  reliable mail delivery services to the American people. The bill rolls  back the recent disruptive operational changes at the Postal Service  and prohibits the Postal Service from implementing any further changes  that will delay mail and reduce delivery standards.   The bill also works to protect access to absentee voting and prevent  voter disenfranchisement caused by delayed mail. It does this by  ensuring that all election mail, including absentee ballots, will be  treated as first-class mail, and will receive a postmark, or other  indicia indicating date of receipt. In addition to protecting the  absentee voting system, these changes will help maintain trust and  confidence in the Postal Service.   And lastly, the bill will appropriate much needed funding support to  the Postal Service in the amount of $25 billion which will help ensure  the long-term financial stability of the agency, and was requested by  the Board of Governors appointed by President Donald Trump.   As November 3rd nears, and the COVID-19 pandemic continues to  threaten American life and health, our duty today, as representatives  of the American people, is to safeguard the American people's right to  essential mail services and the right to vote. The Delivering for  America Act, if enacted, will put into the place the necessary measures  to ensure we fulfill this duty, and so I urge my colleagues to support  this critical legislation.   