 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I certainly  appreciate what my colleague from Nebraska is trying to do. We are all  working to do what we can to make sure our medical professionals,  facilities, and the public have all the necessary equipment they need  to address this pandemic.   My concern with my colleague's proposal, as I understand it, is that  it would provide immunity for respiratory manufacturers from this point  forward. Yes, this is a public emergency and we need to respond  accordingly, and we certainly need to make sure that respirators are  widely available, but let's do this with safety in mind.   I think we can come up with a bill that provides a more tailored  approach to what my colleague is trying to do. For example, the House  coronavirus package includes language which tracks the COVID-19  emergency countermeasures declaration issued by HHS which would extend  countermeasure protections through 2024, rather than it be open-ended.  I hope my colleague will work with me to expand access to this  important equipment, but for now I must object.   I certainly would like to count myself as among those who will  provide bipartisan support for this measure, but, for now, because it  is totally open-ended, I must object.    In response, I certainly am not arguing that there is not  a need for respirators, but let me be very clear that this provides  immunity for respirator manufacturers from this point onward.   Again, I need to reiterate. This has nothing to do with recognizing  the need for respirators. What I am arguing is there should be a  timeframe for this because this protection is supposed to be during a  public health crisis, and I am saying that the way the House is  approaching this is, they would like to provide this protection for  respirator manufacturers for a period of 4 years. We can certainly  evaluate it at that point.   So, clearly, my objection does not mean the death knell for this  amendment. It means that we should work it out so we can provide an  appropriate timeframe.   So I, once again, reiterate my objection to the current form of this  amendment.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of a bill that is at the desk. I  further ask that the bill be considered read three times and passed and  that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President.    Mr. President, so, once again, I repeat that this has  nothing to do with stopping these respirators for this particular  crisis to be included as necessary equipment under the current statute.  I do think we ought to be able to come together to come up with a  reasonable approach that can be supported in a bipartisan way.   