 Mr. President, first, it is wonderful to be here with  my great friends from Connecticut, Wisconsin, and Ohio. This is such an  important discussion we are having today and such an important bill  that needs to be passed.   Let me start again by underscoring something that Senator Murphy  said, because despite what happened in the beginning as it relates to  China and certainly over the years, I have not been shy to address  concerns related to stealing our intellectual property rights or other  issues related to China. The reality is, despite whatever the  smokescreens are about China, you can't say that they are the reason  that with 4 percent of the population, we have 25 percent of the cases  of COVID-19 and 25 percent of the deaths in the world. There is much  more to it, and, unfortunately, it lands right in this country with the  lack of national leadership that has been completely AWOL when it comes  to the kind of national strategy we need to get our people the  equipment, the support they need, the testing they need, and to have a  strategy to safely reopen the economy and our schools while, at the  same time, putting the health and safety and lives of Americans first  by addressing the pandemic.   So I rise today to urge the Senate to take up and immediately pass  the Medical Supply Transparency and Delivery Act. I want to thank  Senators Baldwin, Murphy, and Brown for introducing this important  legislation. I am very proud to be an original cosponsor of this bill.   As all of you know, throughout history--and I love history--perhaps  no State was as crucial to our Nation's victory in World War II as was  Michigan. My colleagues may debate that, but I have the mic, so I will  talk about Michigan.   The truth is that more than half of Michigan men and women proudly  served in uniform, including my own dad. Back home, the people of our  State were hard at work producing the bombers, the tanks, the trucks,  the helmets, and the guns needed to win the war. In fact, Michigan was  called at that time ``the arsenal of democracy.'' We make things, and  during World War II, we were making the things that were needed to win  the war--the arsenal of democracy. Both at home and abroad, victory in  many ways depended on the people of my State.   For the past 6 months, our Nation has been fighting a different kind  of war, a raging health pandemic, taking over 141,000 American lives so  far. Unfortunately, this time our national generals appear to be  missing in action. How is it possible that 6 months after the first  case of COVID-19 on January 20, our healthcare workers still are  struggling to get the personal protective gear they need to treat  patients while keeping themselves safe? How can that be?   How is it possible that 6 months after the first case of COVID-19 was  detected in the United States, people are still struggling to get  tested? Well, I will tell you how. It is because of the complete lack  of Federal leadership coming from this White House that we have seen,  since day one, in this crisis.   None of us want it to be this way. We all live here. Our families are  here. We are desperately concerned about our families, our friends, and  people in our States. We want this White House to be successful in  fighting the pandemic. We all need to be successful in fighting this  pandemic.   But the reality is that the administration could have immediately  used the Defense Production Act to ensure that we have quality  protective equipment and testing supplies in the right place at the  right time. It could have happened immediately. Instead, we have the  administration providing example after example of telling the  Governors: OK, you do it. We don't want to do it. You do it. We will be  right behind you.   Then Governors turn around, and nobody is there.   They don't want to support the Governors and local communities now  that we were once required to step up. But you go ahead. Or they are  putting together shady contracts--no-bid contracts--one after the  other.   One I will mention to you is called Fillakit, which was a $10 million  no-bid contract to produce testing supplies by somebody who already had  had problems in the past and who was given a no-bid contract after  setting up a new company. We heard this over and over. And ProPublica  reported that the testing tubes Fillakit produced were, in fact,  repurposed miniature plastic soda bottles and described the packaging  process as unmasked employees using ``snow shovels'' and dumping them  into plastic bins before squirting saline into them all in open air.  Well, Michigan received some of those so-called testing supplies, and  needless to say, they were not useable.  [[Page S4383]]    Meanwhile, Governors, hospitals, and nursing homes have spent time,  energy, and money bidding against one another and being pitted against  one another for lifesaving PPE and testing supplies. This is no way to  fight a pandemic. This is no way to fight a war, and, certainly, no way  to win a war.   In Michigan, after the CARES Act passed, going back to the State,  working with our State Governor and her team and our delegation, I,  literally, was in a situation of reaching out--because of my work in  healthcare--to people in the medical supply business, and we got some  of the first masks because I knew a guy who knew a guy who knew a guy  in China. That was how we got the masks--no national supply chain.   Masks were coming in. Fifty-cent masks were being bumped up to $5,  $6, $7 apiece--no accountability, nobody worrying about the United  States and whether we could get the best deal and whether our hospitals  were able to get what they needed. Frankly, it was chaos--complete  chaos. Again, that is no way to fight a pandemic, and it is certainly  no way to fight a war.   During World War II, Michigan didn't decide to become the arsenal of  democracy on its own. The Federal Government saw a need and called on  Michigan companies and workers to fill it, and we did. It is the same  thing this administration should be doing right now, today--today--to  produce the PPE and testing supplies we need to end this pandemic.  Instead, doctors and nurses are wearing the same masks for a week or  more. People are waiting more than 10 days for test results, and more  than 141,000 Americans, so far, have died, including more than 6,100 in  Michigan.   It is time to pass this important bill. It is past time. It is time  to put our great American companies to work producing the supplies we  need. It is time to win this war. We have done big things before, and  we can do it again. I join with my colleagues in urging that this bill  be taken up immediately.   I yield the floor.   