 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, actions speak louder than words, and by  their actions it is clear that the majority leader and Senate  Republicans have not been serious about passing another COVID relief  bill that matches the urgency of this moment.   First, the majority leader wanted to take a pause, and then he sat on  the Housed-passed Heroes Act for months. Then in July, he introduced a  series of inadequate piecemeal bills that went absolutely nowhere. Now  the majority leader and Senate Republicans showed their priorities yet  again by rushing to confirm five more Trump judges and offering an  anemic, weak COVID bill aimed at appeasing the most conservative  Members of their caucus. And we just voted on that bill.   While Senate Republicans have been ``waiting for Godot'' on the next  COVID bill, Senate Democrats have been listening to our constituents,  and we have a sense of urgency. We have had this sense of urgency for  the 4 months that we have been waiting for Congress to deal with the  Heroes Act. We have been waiting for over 4 months, as I mentioned, for  the majority leader to stop taking a pause.   American workers and families couldn't afford a pause for 4 months,  and they certainly can't afford to take a pause now. In fact, things  have gotten worse. While Republicans sat on their hands, our country  was facing and continues to face a grim reality.   In the coming days, we are certain to pass the almost unthinkable  milestone of 200,000 deaths from COVID-19. On March 29, when Dr. Fauci  warned us  [[Page S5540]]  that America could reach this milestone as an almost worst-case  scenario, 2,300 Americans had died. And because Donald Trump has  provided no national leadership, Dr. Fauci's warning will, more than  sadly, soon come to pass.   Over 6 million Americans have contracted coronavirus. Tens of  millions of Americans remain out of work. Millions of Americans have  lost their healthcare. Colleges and universities have started their  fall sessions with students back on campus and are experiencing  significant outbreaks. Millions of parents are facing the agonizing  choice of sending their children to schools that aren't safe or dealing  with the challenge of distance learning and childcare needs. And State  after State, long abandoned by the Trump administration's failure to  lead during the pandemic, are left on their own to deal with billions  in budget deficits as a result of the pandemic and to make difficult  decisions about how to confront new outbreaks.   In Hawaii, new cases have been rising since July. The severity of our  outbreak, particularly on Oahu, led the mayor of the city and county of  Honolulu to issue a 2-week stay-at-home order on August 27. Yesterday,  he extended this order for another 2 weeks. This order and the outbreak  that preceded it offer a grim reminder that constant vigilance is  necessary in the fight against COVID-19. It is a reminder that even  States like Hawaii, which for months was lauded as a coronavirus  success story, can become home to one of the fastest growing outbreaks  in the country.   At the end of July, Hawaii had barely over 2,000 cases of COVID-19.  Yesterday, Hawaii crossed the grim milestone of 10,000 cases. Like in  many other States, our outbreak has hit certain communities and  populations the hardest. Our thriving, dynamic, and vital Pacific  Islander community represents a mere 4 percent of our population but  nearly one-third of our total cases. More than a dozen long-term care  homes across our State are experiencing significant outbreaks that put  our kupuna--our seniors--at heightened risk.   The Oahu Community Correctional Center has seen the 299 inmates and  76 staff members infected with COVID-19. The rising caseload on Oahu is  putting pressure on Hawaii's already understaffed medical system, where  existing provider shortages are straining the capacity of our  hospitals.   Although Hawaii's outbreak is centered on Oahu, we are seeing  troubling signs on the Neighbor Islands, as well, with serious  outbreaks at the Yuko Okutsu State Veterans Home in Hilo and the Maui  Memorial Medical Center in Kahului.   As we analyze and assess what is happening in Hawaii, the most  important thing our State can do is learn from our experience and not  to repeat the same mistakes. We have to explain things clearly and  plainly, and we have to be accountable and transparent in our decision  making.   Our States certainly should have done a better job conducting  outreach to at-risk communities, expanding our testing capacity,  developing an effective contact tracing system, and establishing a  clearer chain of command. But we don't have the luxury of simply  pointing fingers, assigning blame, and moving on. In other words, we  cannot be like the President.   Instead, we need to work together to get our outbreak under control  and support the hundreds of thousands of Hawaii residents who have  suffered from this unprecedented public health and economic crisis.   The Senate must do its part by passing a real comprehensive COVID  relief bill that would help States like Hawaii confront their outbreaks  and help the millions of Americans who are suffering right now. While  the majority leader struggles to unite his caucus even around an  emaciated, weak bill, like the one we voted on today, Democrats are  united behind passing the Heroes Act because that bill's scope matches  the urgency and severity of this moment.   I certainly understand and appreciate the need to negotiate and  compromise to get something done, but we cannot lose sight of whom we  are fighting for. Unlike the majority leader and Senate Republicans,  who are fighting tooth and nail for corporate interests in the next  COVID bill, I am fighting for the workers, families, and small  businesses that are getting screwed.   I am fighting for Hawaii's small business owners, like Laura  Andersland, who runs Salty Wahine on Kauai. Laura is one of the  favorites on the Hill, where many of my colleagues, including those on  the other side of the aisle, line up to sample Salty Wahine's Hawaiian  salts. Laura's products are incredible, and her success over the years  reflects the hard work she has put into building and growing her  business. But Laura and Salty Wahine have been devastated by the  pandemic. Although she was able to take advantage of past relief  programs that we passed, Laura is struggling. She needs more help right  now to pay the rent and rehire her employees.   Alongside congressional Democrats, I am fighting for hundreds of  billions in new assistance for small businesses like Laura's. I am  fighting for the homeowners and renters who have lost their jobs and  are terrified to think of what might happen to them if the Federal  protections that have prevented their foreclosure or evictions expire.   I am grateful that organizations like the Legal Aid Society of Hawaii  are stepping in to help people worried that they will lose their homes.  Legal Aid's executive director Nalani Fujimori Kaina told me that doing  this work during a pandemic is like playing 3D chess on a Tilt-A-Whirl.  In other words, it is mighty hard.   The Senate needs to step up and provide the $100 billion-plus in  housing and rental assistance needed to make a dent in this crisis. I  am fighting for parents, teachers, and students who are struggling to  adapt to the new normal of hybrid and distance learning: grandmothers,  like a retired educator I spoke with last week--she is concerned about  learning loss and her 5-year-old grandson struggling to sit and learn,  sitting behind a computer screen for hours a day; women like the  restaurant owner of Kauai I spoke with--she is worried about how to  balance running her struggling business with tutoring her high school- age children; and the many students I have spoken with over the past  few months--they are struggling with learning loss, finding a quiet  place to study from home, hunting down reliable internet at Starbucks,  or having trouble concentrating--all because Republican Senators can't  get their acts together.   We need to increase our support for public schools so they can create  safer environments for students once they are back in school. We can do  this by investing billions of dollars to help States get their  outbreaks under control through testing and contact tracing so we can  get our kids back to school safely. The operative word is ``safely.''  We all want our kids to go back to school. They need to go back in a  safe environment.   The bill our Republican colleagues offered today was anemic and weak,  at best. It does more to help their corporate benefactors than to  address the pain so many Americans are feeling right now.   After today's vote, I am left wondering: How much more pain do the  American people have to endure before Senate Republicans get serious  and act? How many more Americans have to die? How many more Americans  have to lose their jobs? How many more businesses have to close? How  many more children have to go hungry during this pandemic? How many  more people have to lose their health insurance? The list goes on.   I say to the majority leader: What is it going to take for you to  finally do your job?   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   