 Mr. Speaker, we are living in very dangerous times.   Yes, we are in the midst of a global pandemic, which should be  inspiring our Nation's leaders to deescalate tensions with other  countries, work with world leaders to defeat this disease that  threatens us all, but that is not what we are seeing. Instead, we are  seeing increasing tensions and a new cold war being waged on two fronts  between the U.S. and China and Russia, with thousands of nuclear  missiles at the ready.   Instead of deescalating tensions, the Trump administration is making  [[Page H3332]]  things worse by tearing up the INF Treaty, ending the Open Skies  Treaty, making no effort to renew the New START treaty, and dangerously  moving to violate the nuclear test ban treaty, which, if allowed, would  only encourage other countries like North Korea, Saudi Arabia, Iran,  and many others to develop or to increase nuclear weapons capabilities,  rapidly increasing the proliferation of these nuclear weapons and a  nuclear arms race around the world.   Mr. Speaker, this puts us all at risk because there is only one  outcome to this escalation of tensions and a nuclear arms race, and  that is total destruction of our world.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this critical amendment.    Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, the Trump administration has  withdrawn from historic international treaties and agreements that  previous leaders of our country have negotiated where, instead of  walking away from what were deemed impossible agreements at that time,  they actually did the work necessary to make our country and the world  a safer place.   The Open Skies Treaty was negotiated by President George H.W. Bush to  reduce the chances of accidental nuclear war by providing transparency  and confidence. President Trump's withdrawal from the Open Skies Treaty  has made our world a less safe place. In addition to his withdrawal  from the INF treaty and his failure to renew the START treaty, he has  pushed us into a new cold war that has led the American people to the  brink of nuclear catastrophe.   Mr. Speaker, these consequences are unacceptable for the American  people, and I urge my colleagues to support this important amendment.   