 Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman of the Energy and  Commerce Committee for his leadership and for what is being brought to  the floor today.   I am very pleased to be here in support of the Clean Economy Jobs and  Innovation Act. I think this is exactly what our country needs. It is  looking into the future and saying this is the way we are going to  shape it, that America will become a leader innovatively relative to  clean air and clean jobs, good-paying jobs.   So this is something that is needed for our country: to promote clean  energy and energy efficiency; to protect our planet, which is really  facing an existential threat from the warming of the climate.   I remember many years ago, Madam Speaker, as there was a debate going  on at the Energy and Commerce Committee, I listened to both sides. They  were going back and forth. There were clear differences.   So, when it was my turn to speak, I said, ``Remember this: I will see  you on the floor,'' meaning that something was going to happen in  someone's district where there was accelerated flooding, accelerated  fires, more powerful hurricanes and tornadoes, and then we have to come  to the floor to clean up and try to repair and rehabilitate  communities. So this is about our collective future.   Those who question the existence of climate change need only look to  California, where 10 of the 20 largest wildfires on record occurred in  the last decade, including 5 this year alone.   Our planet is sounding the alarm, and Congress needs to lead, respond  to this, take it seriously, and be willing to change. Now, without  action, we know what is going to happen.    Madam Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman yielding me the  additional time.   Madam Speaker, I am pleased that today's package includes my  legislation, the Smoke Planning and Research Act.   I talked about the fires, but what everyone needs to understand is  what is so deadly about the wildfire smoke. The poisonous particulates  are very dangerous for children because their lungs are still  developing, very dangerous for seniors, very dangerous for anyone to  breathe, because it is a form of poison.   We know that the smoke travels not only hundreds of miles, but  thousands of miles.   So this legislation funds the EPA and leading universities to study  the public health effects of wildfire smoke, and I am so pleased that  it is in the bill.   Madam Speaker, I want to thank the chairman for including it. I also  want to thank Speaker Pelosi, who saw the merits of addressing this  particular issue, and that it is, today, part of this critically needed  clean energy package.   