 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Paycheck Protection  and Health Care Enhancement Act. This emergency funding is the fourth  bipartisan aid package to address the tremendous needs of the American  people as we fight COVID-19 on both the public health front and the  economic front.   The Democratic House has led the way to respond to this emergency. On  March 4th, when the Administration refused to acknowledge the magnitude  of this crisis, the House passed bipartisan emergency legislation  providing four times the amount of funding for public health purposes  than the Trump Administration originally requested. A week later, the  House passed the bipartisan Families First Act, which recognized the  importance of free coronavirus testing and the need for paid sick leave  and nutrition aid for working families. On March 27th the House passed  the bipartisan CARES Act putting families and workers first, instead of  a corporate, trickle-down approach offered by the Senate.   Today, the bipartisan Paycheck Protection and Health Care Enhancement  Act continues the House's work to respond to the pandemic. It flips an  insufficient Republican proposal that left hospitals, Community Health  Centers, and health care workers behind by nearly doubling the  resources to provide badly needed assistance to them.   The legislation contains the following:   Small businesses: Adds $310 billion to replenish the Paycheck  Protection Programs, reserving $60 billion of that funding for  community-based lenders, credit unions and small to midsized community  banks that work with the smallest of businesses. The bill also adds an  additional $50 billion in disaster loans at the SBA and $10 billion in  grants to small businesses and nonprofits.   $75 billion for hospitals, health systems, Community Health Centers,  and other health care providers, including funds for Personal  Protective Equipment for frontline workers.   For all Americans: $25 billion for testing, the key to reopening the  economy. Today, approximately one percent of Americans have been  tested. This legislation calls for a national strategic testing policy  focused on increasing domestic testing capacity, including testing  supplies.   This interim funding package will assist workers, families, small  businesses, hospitals, and all our health care workers. The American  people have tremendous needs and I'm proud to support this legislation  to help meet them. There's so much more to do and I stand ready to work  to meet our historic challenges. I support this legislation and will  continue to support swift action by a Congress that aids a scientific  public health response to the pandemic and a worker-first response to  the economic crisis.   Finally, I'd like to take a moment to acknowledge the sorrow being  felt across the country as families mourn the loss of their loved ones  to this terrible disease. In tribute to them, we do our work today.   