 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I see that the Senator from Maryland is  on the floor, and I think he arrived a minute or two before me, so if  he would  [[Page S2056]]  like to go first, I would want to give him that opportunity.    Mr. President, all across the country, Americans are  stepping up in response to the coronavirus pandemic sweeping our  Nation. Doctors and nurses are working endless hours and putting  themselves at risk to care for the surge in patients. Manufacturers,  including many companies in my State, are working overtime and  retooling their product lines to produce medical testing swabs,  ventilators, and personal protective equipment, all of which are  vitally needed. Truckers are going above and beyond, missing time with  their families so that they can deliver goods needed to restock  depleted grocery shelves. People are looking out for their neighbors in  a safe way. They are checking on them. They are making personal  sacrifices to help prevent the virus from spreading to the most  vulnerable members of our society.   Help is on the horizon for small businesses and their employees who  are facing economic devastation through no fault of their own.   I have talked to small business owners all across our State,  including small mom-and-pop operations like a third-generation diner  operated and owned by the Simones family in Lewiston, ME. For the first  time ever in three generations, they have had to close their doors.  They had no choice. As Linda Simones told me in tears earlier this  week: We have never been unemployed. Our son is unemployed. Our friends  who have worked with us at this diner for years are unemployed.   The agreement finally reached today includes a $377 billion small  business economic relief plan that Senators Rubio, Cardin, Shaheen, and  I authored as members of the Small Business Task Force. It is intended  to help workers and small businesses just like the one owned by the  Simones family in Lewiston. Our group worked day and night to get this  bipartisan package included in the broader legislation.   I want to do a shout-out to our staff because I don't think they have  been to bed before 4 a.m. in the morning on any day in the last week.  That is how hard they have worked too.   Under our bipartisan approach, small businesses would be eligible for  a 100-percent federally guaranteed emergency loan to cover 8 weeks of  payroll, as well as certain expenses like rent, mortgage payments, and  utilities. If these businesses keep their employees on the payroll--in  other words, they keep issuing those paychecks--their loans would be  completely forgiven.   Here is how it would work. Small employers with 500 employees or  fewer would be eligible to apply for these federally guaranteed loans.  The loans would be available immediately through existing Small  Business Administration-certified lenders, including certain banks,  credit unions, and other financial institutions, and a streamlined  process would be created to bring other additional lenders into the  program.   The size of the loans would be tied to a formula based on the small  business's average monthly payroll, and that would go back to February  15 since that is when the coronavirus really started to come to our  country and have an impact.   The maximum loan amount would be $10 million. As long as these small  businesses retain their employees and issue those paychecks--which,  keep in mind, also means in many cases that those employees will get  their health insurance as well--the portion of the loan used to cover  payroll and mortgage interest, rent, and utility payments would also be  forgiven.   Furthermore--and this is important to States like those of the  Presiding Officer's and mine that have large numbers of tourists coming  each year--employers with tipped employees would receive forgiveness  for the additional wages paid to such employees.   In addition, I want to point out that workers who already lost their  jobs due to this crisis can be rehired and paid under our program, and  that should be our goal.   Mr. President, this vital assistance cannot come a moment too soon.  There are so many small businesses that have already shut down or are  on the verge of doing so. They are trying to hang on just a little  longer to avoid laying off their employees, who are like members of  their own family. In fact, in many cases, they were members of their  own family.   Without this package, we face an unemployment tsunami that could  reach as high as 20 percent, according to the Secretary of the  Treasury. Not only would this cause tremendous harm to millions of  families, but it would also take a massive toll on the Federal budget,  far exceeding the $377 billion that we are using for this small  business assistance program to keep workers paid and employed.   What we want is to make sure that those small businesses survive,  that they are here when we transcend this crisis, and that their  employees are still able to go back to work for them. We don't want to  break that link, that connection. We don't want those small businesses  to give up and shutter their doors forever, decimating our downtowns  and causing permanent job loss for the workers who are so much a part  of their business.   Larger businesses that are facing cash flow issues would be eligible  for certain loans so they can avoid laying off their workers. However,  unlike the small business assistance program, where they would have  their loans forgiven as long as they keep their workers employed, the  larger businesses would be required to repay these loans in full.   I want to make clear that these large businesses would be barred from  stock buybacks and increasing executive pay for the duration of the  loan, and I fully support those restrictions.   Of course, many of those small businesses don't have shareholders, so  the idea of a stock buyback doesn't exist. Some of them that are  subchapter S may, but many of them do not.   I am also pleased to say that we would cover the sole proprietor, the  independent contractor--those many individuals whom we rely upon to  make our economy work.   Following my advocacy, along with Members from other coastal States,  I am also pleased that the bill includes $300 million to assist workers  and businesses in our Nation's fisheries, which support thousands of  jobs in the great State of Maine. With this legislation, harvesters,  fishing communities, agriculture operations, and other fishery-related  businesses would be eligible for this $300 million in assistance, which  may include some direct relief payments. This helps protect our food  supply chain. This targeted relief will help ensure that the families  in coastal communities who depend on our fisheries can emerge from this  crisis. Similar assistance is provided to our farmers as well.   This bill also provides more than $30 billion for States, school  districts, colleges, and universities to help them meet the unexpected  expenses that have flowed from the coronavirus crisis. Our K-12 schools  will have access to $13.5 billion, which will help them support remote  learning and meeting the needs of their students.    I want to take a moment to recognize the dedication of those  teachers, administrators, school food-service workers, and bus drivers  who are not only making sure that students have access to remote  learning but are making sure that students have access to meals  offsite. This bill provides funding to help them provide those meals in  creative but, unfortunately, more costly ways, such as delivering  prepackaged meals along bus routes or directly to students in their  homes so that they won't be hungry. We all know how important the  School Breakfast and School Lunch Programs are to our low-income  families.   When colleges and universities made the very tough decision to send  students home for the semester, I spoke with several presidents in  Maine, and they told me about the steps they were taking to make sure  that their students could still receive a quality education, albeit  online or remotely. They were also taking steps--as well they should-- to reimburse students and their families for room and board and for  shortened travel study programs. They are investing in the software and  hardware infrastructures to bring classes online quickly. They are  doing even more than that. The University of Maine, for example, has  partnered with the State to prepare its dorms and its  [[Page S2057]]  facilities for emergency uses, if necessary.   So the direct aid to colleges and universities is needed to help  these institutions offset these sudden revenue losses and unexpected  costs. There is also temporary flexibility applied to student aid and  to student loans that also will be very helpful.   This agreement is not only a lifeline for workers, small businesses,  and schools, it builds on the previous two packages that Congress has  passed to promote the health and safety of Americans.   It makes substantial investment in our Nation's health system,  biomedical research, and education, including a $130 billion infusion  for our hospitals and healthcare providers who are struggling to cope  with this influx of patients.   It provides $20 billion for additional resources for veterans'  healthcare.   It authorizes an $11 billion catalyst toward the development of an  effective vaccine and therapeutics.   It provides $1 billion for community services block grants to support  critical social service programs for millions of low-income  individuals.   It gives the Centers for Disease Control additional funding to  enhance its vital work.   It assists communities responding to greater demands for services  with an increase of $5 billion for community development block grants.  That comes from the subcommittee that I chair.   It helps with transit systems.   There is widespread help for those who are homeless or who are among  the most vulnerable in our population.   It strengthens the low-income home heating assistance program. That  is something Senator Jack Reed and I have long worked together on. We  don't want families and seniors making impossible choices between  heating their homes and buying food or medicine.   This package also contains two additional pieces of legislation that  I have introduced and championed.   First, it contains provisions from the Mitigating Emergency Drug  Shortages, or MEDS, Act--legislation I authored that would help prevent  a shortage of vital medication. I was shocked to learn that 72 percent  of the facilities that make vital active pharmaceutical ingredients for  our market here in America are located overseas. Thirteen percent of  these facilities are in China. We just can't have that. We need far  greater visibility into that supply system.   It also contains a bill I have long advocated for--the Home Health  Care Planning Improvement Act. It will allow nurse practitioners,  physician assistants, and others to certify patients as needing home  health services. Now it is just a physician who can do it even though  the physician might not be the primary care provider, particularly in  rural areas. That will remove needless delays in getting Medicare  patients the home healthcare that they need. That is a critical  improvement at a time when our healthcare system is being put to the  test and when people are being told they need to stay in their own  homes to avoid spreading the virus.    The list of benefits that will be felt in communities across the  country goes on and on.   It is imperative that we pass this bill tonight. Every day, more  small businesses are forced to close their doors. Every day, Americans  are losing their jobs and their income. Every day, medical  professionals are increasingly overwhelmed by the exponential rise in  cases.   (Mrs. LOEFFLER assumes the chair.)   The package we are voting to advance tonight will bolster our  healthcare system, infuse funds into biomedical research that will  ultimately produce a vaccine and effective treatments, shore up our  economy and our businesses, support those who are unemployed,  strengthen the link between employers and their employees, save  millions of jobs of those employed by small businesses, and help  prevent a devastating recession, perhaps even a depression, in this  country.   Let us not squander this momentum when we are so close to getting  this done for the American people. I urge my colleagues to join me in  passing this critical legislation.   I yield the floor.   