 Madam President, I rise today to speak on behalf of  people and small businesses in Michigan that are being left behind on  this Republican bill. As my friend from Florida has said, we can do  something. The Senate Democratic leader is going to be offering us an  opportunity to vote on something comprehensive that has been passed by  the House that doesn't leave small businesses, families, healthcare  providers, and the need for testing and tracing behind.   When I think about who is being left behind in this bill, I think of  the single mom of two boys who is seeing her hours cut, and her  paycheck has shrunk, and she is left behind by what we are being asked  to vote on right now. There is no need for that. She doesn't know how  she is going to keep the lights on. The weather is getting cold.   The 83-year-old retiree who is struggling to afford food and who goes  to bed hungry night after night is being left behind on what we are  being asked to vote on. That doesn't have to happen. We have an  alternative that has passed the House that we can vote on and get this  done today.   The owner of a small restaurant is being left behind. He has been  able to stay open by offering takeout, but he is just barely--just  barely--holding on, wanting specific help that is available through  legislation introduced in the Senate, that is bipartisan, that is not  in this bill. He is being left behind.   We are talking about the families who thought 2020 would be the year  [[Page S6315]]  they would finally get ahead, and then COVID hit, and now they are at  risk of being evicted and losing their homes that brought their  children stability for the first time.   There are the Michigan families who have lost loved ones--more than  7,000 grandmas and grandpas and moms and dads, sons and daughters,  brothers and sisters, cousins, neighbors, and friends.   People in Michigan aren't talking about a stimulus bill; they want a  survival package because it is survival for them right now. Instead,  Republicans have introduced a bill that leaves our urgent health care  needs, our families, and far too many businesses behind.   This Republican proposal leaves behind the most important thing we  need to do right now to get the pandemic under control. President Trump  has said that we will wake up one day and COVID-19 will have  miraculously gone away. Oh, wouldn't that be great. But we are tired of  waiting and getting up every day and being faced with the threat of  COVID-19.   If we want people to send their kids to school, reopen their  businesses, get back to work, be able to go shopping at their small  businesses, to be able to eat at their restaurants, then we need to  make sure things are safe. Right now, it is not safe.   COVID-19 cases and hospitalizations and deaths are spiking all across  the country. The White House is still resisting a national testing  strategy, as if it is some kind of giveaway to Democrats instead of  public health 101.   Meanwhile, millions of people have lost their jobs, which means they  have also lost their health insurance, which he doesn't want to  address, and our healthcare system is under strain. Our hospitals and  our nursing homes are still struggling to get enough personal  protective equipment for their employees, for families who want to  visit, and for patients. Our healthcare professionals are exhausted,  stressed, and at severe risk of burnout. Healthcare needs are left  behind in this bill, and so are the needs of our families.   Right now, the unemployment rate in Michigan is 8.5 percent--higher  than the national average. Since March 15, 2.3 million Michigan  residents have relied on unemployment. The extra $600 a week provided  in the CARES Act was a lifeline for these Michigan families, and it  needs to be extended so they can have a roof over their heads and pay  their bills and survive. A survey last month by the U.S. Census Bureau  found that 25 percent of Michigan residents thought they would be  evicted or lose their home to foreclosure in the next 2 months.   We need to act now--now. We have an opportunity. The Senate  Democratic leader will give us the opportunity to vote on that bill and  act now. Without additional unemployment aid and rental assistance,  where will these families go in January when the CDC eviction  moratorium expires and they are months behind in rent?   This legislation also leaves our children behind. The Republican  bills have not provided adequate funding to reopen our schools safely,  and millions of parents, including my own daughter and her family and  my own son and his family, are juggling, trying to make sure that kids  can work online, trying to make sure they are getting the education  they need. It is hard.   The money that has been provided in the bill, unfortunately, in the  underlying bill--there is some, but it comes with strings attached.  Schools must physically reopen in order to receive their fair share of  funding. So if your school district has decided that COVID cases have  gone up and it is not safe for the children to go back to school--they  are still paying the teachers, they are operating remotely, and they  have all the costs of operating remotely, but if they are not  physically there, as President Trump insists on, physically there  regardless of the health risk, they would not get the help they need  for our children to be educated--quite a change for a political party  that likes to talk about local control.   But there is one exception. If your child is going to a private  school, you get a great big tax credit if you send your child to a  private school rather than a public school, like the vast majority of  children in our country.   Brecken is a 5-year-old kindergarten student in the De Tour area  public schools in Michigan's Upper Peninsula. She has access to high- speed internet in only one way, and that is if her parents disconnect  every other electronic device in their house while she is doing her  studies. And the connection isn't great. Brecken and other students in  rural areas deserve the same internet connectivity that their city  friends enjoy, but the Republicans leave them behind.   Democrats have proposed a $4 billion E-rate funding increase to  ensure children are able to go to school remotely. We don't want  Brecken or any child left behind in this COVID-19 crisis.   We can't talk about schools without talking about healthy food and  nutrition. They go hand in hand. The average person getting help right  now--food assistance--receives $127 a month, which is $1.40 per meal.  About 40 percent of our families who are getting even that have gotten  absolutely no increased help whatsoever. And we know in the food lines,  people who have donated to the food banks all their lives are now  sitting in their car for hours sometimes, waiting to go through the  food line themselves. Our families need help. Our families are hungry.  We can fix that if we pass the bill that the House sent to us.   Finally, this legislation isn't just about leaving critical  healthcare needs and testing needs behind, leaving our children and  leaving our families behind. It leaves far too many businesses behind.  Over the past few months, I have met with so many Michigan business  owners, mostly over Zoom--restaurants, gyms, entertainment venues,  craft jewelry, theaters that have been revitalizing Michigan downtowns.  One of the things I love is that not just in big cities but in small  towns across Michigan, you will go downtown, and there is now a craft  brewery, and then they have rebuilt and revitalized a historic theater,  and they are rebuilding the downtown. They have been hit so hard by  what has happened with COVID-19. They deserve specific help that they  are not getting in this legislation.   All small businesses are not getting the help--the kind of help--that  they need. We don't want to leave any small business behind, including  our minority-owned small businesses in underserved communities and  nonprofits. We fought successfully, as Democrats, to add $30 billion in  dedicated funding for those who are underbanked or receiving their  financial support in other nontraditional ways. That is not in here  either.   So we need an approach for this pandemic and the economic catastrophe  it has unleashed across the country. We need an approach that is  serious and is bold--neither of which is what we are about to vote on  with this PPP vote--for testing and healthcare, for keeping our  children safe so they can get back to school, for our families and all  of our businesses.   We know that so many have been hit in ways that are different than  others, so we need to address all of our small businesses. This is no  time to leave any of them behind, and the Republican initiative in  front of us does just that. People deserve better.   I yield the floor.   