 Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague and friend and chair for  yielding, and I thank my colleague on the other side of the aisle for  his support for this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6934, the Uniform Treatment of  NRSROs Act.   NRSROs are nationally recognized statistical rating agencies. This is  a bipartisan bill that addresses businesses' need for greater access to  Federal lending facilities in the time of COVID and a uniform treatment  of credit rating agencies in the application process for these much- needed loans.   In response to the economic crisis resulting from the COVID-19  pandemic, several lending facilities have been created to assist  struggling businesses at this difficult time. The Federal Reserve and  Treasury, however, have limited access to these facilities to  businesses whose assets have been rated by only a select few credit  rating agencies, making it unnecessarily difficult for many businesses  to access much-needed resources.   In Pennsylvania alone, several small and mid-sized companies as well  as municipal bond issuers have been excluded from the facilities or  have their ratings from nonapproved rating agencies called into  question by the market.   This legislation seeks to remove these barriers by amending the CARES  Act to require that the Federal Reserve and Treasury accept ratings  from any nationally recognized statistical rating organization, or  NRSRO. This would have the effect of opening up access to the  facilities to issuers with a rating from any duly recognized NRSRO that  has been approved in the relevant asset class by the SEC.   This legislation would also require the Comptroller General to issue,  within 1 year of enactment, a study on the quality of credit rating  agencies across NRSROs, including during the 2008 crisis. The study  would also explore the effect of competition on the quality of credit  ratings and on the ability of small and mid-sized companies and  financial institutions to access the capital markets.   At a time of unprecedented economic uncertainty, we need to make sure  that small and mid-sized businesses have access to capital markets  needed to survive and recover. By expanding eligible NRSROs, this  legislation opens up access, transparency, and healthy competition,  without compromising quality, at a time when it is needed most.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Waters, the Financial Services  Committee staff, and, importantly, my Republican colead, Representative    Andy Barr, for their work on this legislation to help struggling  businesses get the capital they need.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   