 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to  recommit.    Madam Speaker, I am here to rise in support of the  Protecting American Lungs and Reversing the Youth Tobacco Epidemic Act  and to speak in opposition to the motion to recommit.  [[Page H1288]]    I am concerned that some of my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle are confused about what the discussion is about today, so I rise  in opposition.   The real issue here is about a dying industry that is in need of a  new market, a new generation of smokers, because the national movement  that fought to protect the health of the public from the adverse  consequences of tobacco has successfully reduced smoking and driven the  industry overseas to sell its product.   In 1988, California was one of the first States that voted to raise  taxes on cigarettes and dedicated some of the revenue to creating  statewide antismoking programs and campaigns to help people break  addiction to tobacco.   Public health researchers correctly identified the correlation  between the marketing practices of the industry, accessibility of  product, and levels of addiction.   Some of you might remember Joe Camel, a cartoon character that made  smoking look fun and innocent. Why would an industry whose product was  only for adult use use a cartoon character to market its product? After  lawsuits, the industry agreed to stop using cartoon imagery.   Before Joe Camel, depending on how old you are, you might remember  candy cigarettes. When I was a child, I could buy candy in a package  that looked like cigarettes with 20 pieces of candy shaped exactly like  a cigarette that we pretended to puff.   California continued to raise taxes on tobacco and passed numerous  ordinances to prohibit smoking. You can't smoke in government  buildings. You can't smoke even directly outside of government  buildings. You can't smoke in restaurants, in parks, or on the beach.  You can't even smoke in bars.    Each time when taxes were raised or smoking was prohibited, the  industry paid millions of dollars to frighten people. Businesses were  going to close; businesses were going to leave California, and we would  face a recession.   But what happened? People stopped smoking. Smoking rates in  California declined by 55 percent. States and communities around the  Nation joined the effort to protect the public's health by taxing  cigarettes and reducing where people could smoke.   When smoking rates began to decline in specific populations--more  affluent, more middle-class populations--the industry intensified  marketing strategies and campaigns in low-income communities of color.   In the 1990s, I ran a community-based program that was funded by tax  dollars from cigarette sales. We fought to remove billboards and other  advertisements near schools and recreation centers because we  understood the industry was losing customers and they needed new  smokers. The industry offered to sponsor community events, supported  community organizations, even handed out free cigarettes, all in order  to generate goodwill and to undermine the community organizing efforts  aimed at reducing the negative health consequences.   Now, there is an entire generation that never experienced a smoking  section on an airplane or in a restaurant or, for that matter, ever sat  in a committee hearing while Members smoked. The very idea of this  seems outrageous today, but like other examples of great change in  society, the change in social norms regarding smoking took an organized  movement. The legislation we are voting on today is in response to that  movement's success.   The industry is greatly diminished and is in search of new markets.  The industry is just working on getting a new generation prepared to be  addicted to their product, and they found a path in modernistic e- cigarettes and tantalizing flavors like circus and twisted berry.   Young people are being led to believe that smoking e-cigarettes is a  safer way to smoke, just like smokers in the 1980s were led to believe  that smoking light cigarettes were safer--Marlboro Lights were safer  than regular Marlboros.   After years of a decline in smoking, with heavy marketing the last 3  years, high school e-cigarette usage increased 135 percent, and 7 out  of 10 youth e-cigarette smokers say they use them because ``they come  in flavors I like.'' In fact, e-cigarettes are available in thousands  of different flavors.   Cigars are right behind e-cigarettes as the second most popular  tobacco product among high school students.   E-cigarettes come in 250 different flavors, including banana smash,  strawberry kiwi, and watermelon. There is just no reason that an  industry that claims to be for adults would market flavors like bubble  gum and cotton candy. The marketing of cigarette flavors is the 2020  version of candy cigarettes and Joe Camel. There is nothing new about  this strategy. We cannot and should not be ignorant to history.   While Republicans might use this MTR, for some strange reason, to  drive a wedge between our Caucus, we are trying to save lives by  passing this bill. I ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  oppose this senseless motion to recommit.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   