 Madam Chair, I thank Chairwoman Lowey and all the  members of the Appropriations Committee for working diligently to bring  this bill to the floor and for recognizing our moral and legal  obligation of this Congress.   Puerto Rico, an island invaded by the United States Armed Forces, a  colony--it is our responsibility to take care of our fellow American  citizens.   Don't come here and say that we have been there for Puerto Rico.   Yes, we passed a disaster relief package. And this administration has  done everything within their power to withhold the money flowing to  Puerto Rico.   Don't come here and say that you have been there for Puerto Rico.  Don't tell that to the parents of a 13-year-old girl who died in  Vieques because they lack a functional hospital while FEMA has been  withholding their money.   Just this past Tuesday, Puerto Rico got hit by another 5.0  aftershock. This is one out of more than 3,000 that have stricken the  island since December 2019. In fact, the USGS has estimated that  aftershocks from the 6.4 January earthquake will persist in Puerto Rico  for years, if not decades.   Imagine, decades of feeling the ground under you shaking, never  knowing when or just how bad it will be on any given day.   More than 1,150 houses are destroyed, while another 3,000 homes have  suffered some structural damage. Such devastation has left over 4,000  people living in tent shelters, with many more families at risk of  losing their homes.    Madam Chair, I thank the chairwoman for yielding.   Not only are 194,000 children still out of school, countless more  live in fear after they have seen their homes destroyed and loved ones  battle the anxiety and mental health battles common after natural  disasters.   Finally, let me address this administration's recent comments on this  bill. Once again, they are misleading the American people about how  much money has been spent to aid Puerto Rico. They are using these  false numbers as a pretext to oppose assistance following the  earthquake.   Let me just say, and let me be clear, we will not be deterred. The  1.3 million Puerto Ricans who live in Florida will not be deterred. The  thousands and hundreds of thousands who live in Ohio, Pennsylvania, New  Jersey, New York, and in every part of this country will not  be deterred.    We will pass this bill.   