 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the  Heroes Act.   This pandemic is a crisis unlike any we've seen in our lifetimes.   In the last two months, more than 84,000 Americans have died, more  than 1.4 million have tested positive for coronavirus, and more than 36  million hardworking men and women have lost their jobs and livelihoods.   We know that unprecedented problems call for unprecedented solutions.  And the bill before us today is exactly the type of bold legislation  that a crisis of this magnitude requires.   Most importantly, this legislation builds on our science-based  approach to safely reopening our country.   It's clear that we cannot fix our economic crisis without fixing our  public health crisis.   Until we have robust national testing and contact tracing system in  place, Americans will not feel comfortable returning to work, schools,  restaurants, or businesses at pre-pandemic levels.   The Heroes Act commits another $75 billion for testing, tracing and  treatment. And it will help ensure that no one has to choose between  putting food on the table or paying for the cost of coronavirus  treatment.   This legislation also brings much-needed economic relief to our  state, local, and tribal governments on the frontlines of this crisis.   By allocating nearly $1 trillion to local communities, the bill will  ensure that teachers, firefighters, first responders, and other  essential workers are able to remain on the job. And it will establish  a $200 billion fund to ensure that these frontline heroes receive the  hazard pay they deserve.   Additionally, the legislation includes my bill to make state and  local governments eligible for paid leave payroll tax credits for  workers affected by the coronavirus. Without these tax credits, the  costs of providing paid leave could  [[Page H2249]]  undermine successful local coronavirus responses at a time when budgets  are already strained due to reduced tax revenues caused by the economic  fallout of the pandemic.   As I have advocated for many weeks, we must put more money in the  pockets of workers and families. The Heroes Act would provide a second  round of direct payments to families, new payroll protection measures,  and extended unemployment payments.   It would also provide greater health security through COBRA subsidies  and a special health care enrollment period, stronger workplace  protections, housing security and enhanced food assistance benefits.   Some on the other side of the aisle have accused us of thinking too  big with this package.   But this is not a time to think small. Now more than ever, we must  come together and take big, bold action to protect our communities from  this unprecedented crisis.   I've spoken to teachers and firefighters in my community who are  worried about losing their jobs because of state budget deficits. I've  heard from countless small business owners who fear bankruptcy. And  I've received thousands of emails from people scared to return to work  because of inadequate testing.   Like those in my community, Americans across the country are looking  to us for solutions. And that's what is in this bill.   Let's put politics aside. Let's do what's right for the American  people. And let's pass this Heroes Act on behalf of all those who are  hurting.   