 Mr. Speaker,   I strongly support the House Majority's Heroes Act which is a  critical and urgent response in our fight to defeat the COVID-19  catastrophe. As the unimaginable toll of this virus continues to mount,  an economic disaster is also unfolding in every corner of our country.   The Heroes Act is crucial to our ability to address these  unprecedented crises. The bill includes new protections for working and  middle-class families during this economic catastrophe by providing for  a second round of direct payments of up to $6,000 per household. And it  ensures economic stimulus payments for everyone who files a tax return,  regardless of immigration status.   Our bill also provides $175 billion to help homeowners and renters  make their mortgage and rent payments and new payroll protection  measures to keep 60 million workers connected to their jobs. The bill  also extends through January 2021, the weekly $600 federal unemployment  payments and it requires OSHA to develop standards to make workplaces  safe from the virus.   As we keep fighting COVID-19, the Heroes Act provides an additional  $75 billion for testing, contact tracing, and treatment that is  essential to our ability to save lives, curb the spread of the virus,  and reopen our economy.   Furthermore, the Heroes Act provides our frontline heroes with the  support and protection they need as they fight COVID-19 to save lives,  and protect our communities. This legislation invests over $1 trillion  into our states, cities, and towns, to ensure they can continue to pay  our frontline personnel, including health workers, police officers,  firefighters, transportation workers, farmworkers, and teachers. The  bill also establishes a Heroes' Fund to ensure our frontline workers  receive hazard pay, and it protects our Postal Service workers who are  making deliveries on their routes every day.   In addition, the bill protects many immigrant families by  automatically extending work authorization for DACA and TPS recipients.  And it protects the health of the public at large by ensuring everyone,  regardless of immigration status, has access to free testing,  treatment, and services related to COVID-19. The bill also protects  essential workers, such as our nation's farmworkers who pick the crops  that feed our families, from deportation and it allows undocumented  students to access higher education financial relief and it permits  naturalization oath ceremonies to be administered remotely.   Our small businesses also get additional support in the Heroes Act.  The bill strengthens the Paycheck Protection Program to ensure it  reaches underserved communities and nonprofits of all sizes and types.  And the bill provides $10 billion for COVID-19 emergency grants through  the Economic Injury Disaster Loan program.   I am concerned however with the inclusion of the controversial GROW  Act. And I hope this issue can satisfactorily be resolved during our  negotiations with the Senate.   Nevertheless, once again, House Democrats are leading the way during  this crisis of COVID-19 with legislation that will save lives and put  families and workers first.   We have no time to lose. Nearly 90,000 Americans have died from this  pandemic. 36 million Americans have filed for unemployment. And as  Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell said earlier this week, Congress  must act now to prevent a deeper and more painful recession.   I urge the Senate and the President to do the right thing and join  the House in supporting the Heroes Act to protect the American people,  help American workers, and bolster America's economy.   