 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2214 the  ``National Origin-Based Antidiscrimination for Non immigrants Act,'' or  NO BAN Act. I wish this bill was not necessary, but unfortunately, it  is now more imperative than ever.   As a result of the President's relentless attempts to rewrite our  immigration laws, we must take immediate steps to rein in his repeated  abuse of executive authority.   As a candidate for president, Donald Trump promised to ban all  Muslims from entering the United States, suggesting--without any  evidence--that it would somehow make our country safer. Immediately  upon entering office, he tried to make good on that promise.   Ultimately, it took the President 10 months, 3 attempts, and the  inclusion of a sham waiver process to craft a ban that stood up to  Supreme Court scrutiny.   In a decision rightly criticized by Justices Breyer and Sotomayor-- and many of us in this chamber--the majority concluded that despite  statements calling for a ``total and complete shutdown of Muslims  entering the United States,'' the President's ban was somehow not  inspired by blatant religious animus. Seeking to distance itself from  these remarks, the Administration later claimed that the ban was  necessary to keep our country safe from terrorist threats. And yet, a  bipartisan coalition of more than 50 former national security officials  found that rather than making our country safer, the ban actually  undermines U.S. national security.   H.R. 2214 not only invalidates the various iterations of the Muslim  Ban, it also amends the authority the President relied on in invoking  the ban--section 212(f) of the Immigration and Nationality Act. But  rather than gutting it, as some of my Republican colleagues have  claimed, H.R. 2214 maintains its basic structure, and incorporates  checks and balances to ensure that it can no longer be so flagrantly  abused.   H.R. 2214 will thus ensure that section 212(f) can only be used in a  manner consistent with its intended purpose and historical norms, and  that no President--Democratic or Republican--will be able to utilize it  to usurp congressional authority.   I would like to thank my friend and colleague, Representative Chu for  her leadership and steadfast commitment to this issue. Her efforts led  to the introduction of this legislation and I urge all of my colleagues  to support the NO BAN Act.    Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5581, the  ``Access to Counsel Act of 2020'', a bill that will ensure that  individuals who lawfully present themselves at our ports of entry are  treated fairly and allowed to communicate with counsel and other  parties if they are subjected to prolonged inspection.   The Immigration and Nationality Act provides individuals in removal  proceedings the right to representation at no expense to the  government. Although federal regulations extend this right to  immigration-related ``examinations,'' applicants for admission-- specifically those in primary or secondary inspection--are excluded  unless they become the focus of a criminal investigation.   However, our immigration laws are complex, and so are some questions  regarding an individual's admissibility.   Access to outside assistance is important to ensure that CBP has a  complete understanding of the facts and the law before deciding  admissibility. That is because grave consequences can result from being  refused admission--consequences that extend well beyond simply turning  around and getting back on a plane.   Individuals who are refused admission may be unable to reunite with  their families or receive critical medical care unavailable in their  home country. They may be turned away from a U.S. employer who  desperately needs their skills. Or they may be denied the opportunity  to pursue higher education at a U.S. college or university.   If that weren't enough, they could also be subject to a 5-year bar to  returning to the United States if they are issued an expedited removal  order.   That is why this legislation is so critical.   By allowing individuals who lawfully present themselves for  inspection at a port of entry to communicate with counsel or other  interested parties with information relevant to their request for  admission, CBP will be better equipped to correctly resolve legal  uncertainties and individuals will be treated more equitably.   I would like to thank my friend and colleague, Representative Jayapal  for her leadership and commitment to this issue. Her efforts led to the  introduction of this legislation, and I urge all my colleagues to  support the Access to Counsel Act.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7573, as amended.   H.R. 7573 directs the Joint Committee on the Library to remove the  bust of Chief Justice Roger B. Taney, the author of the Dred Scott  decision in the Old Supreme Court Chamber with a bust of Justice  Thurgood Marshall, and requires the Joint Committee on the Library to  remove statues of Charles B. Aycock, James P. Clarke, and John C.  Calhoun, as well as a bust of John C. Breckinridge. H.R. 7573 would  also amend section 1814 of the Revised Statutes (2 U.S.C. 2131) to  change the criteria for those eligible for inclusion to prohibit those  who ``served as an officer or voluntarily with the Confederate States  of America or of the military forces or government of a State while the  State was in rebellion against the United States.'' The Architect of  the Capitol would be charged with identifying those statues which do  not meet the revised criteria and the Joint Committee on the Library  would remove the statues and turn them over to the Smithsonian  Institution or their respective states, if desired.   As Chairperson of the House Fine Arts Board and the Vice Chairperson  of the Joint Committee on the Library I am more than pleased to remove  these symbols of cruelty and bigotry from the halls of the Capitol.  This has been a long time coming, and it is long past time to act.   The United States Capitol is one of the most visible, and most  visited, symbols of liberty, freedom and democracy in the entire world.  Who we choose to honor in this space is uniquely indicative of our  values and principles.   Contrary to those who argue in opposition to this long overdue  action, this action does not seek to erase history nor ask that we  forget that history. We must never forget the shameful scar of slavery,  segregation and racism. Instead this is about who we honor. When we  think about the holocaust the words ``never forget'' admonish us to  always remember the millions murdered by the Nazis. But we do not  accomplish that by erecting a statue of Adolf Hitler to put in a place  of honor.   Those who violently rebelled against our government upon the belief,  as Confederate Vice President Alexander Stephens infamously said,  ``that the negro is not equal to the white man; that slavery  subordination to the superior race is his natural and normal  condition,'' and those who enabled and protected the practice of  holding human beings as property deserve no place of honor in the halls  of our nation's Capitol. Slavery is the ``original sin'' of our  country, and its disastrous effects are felt to this day.   It is long past time to remove these symbols of bigotry and cruelty  from the halls of Congress, and it is long past time to repair the  lasting damage their hatred and racism has visited on the fabric of  this country. The removal of these symbols from the People's House is a  necessary step in this long-overdue work, I urge my colleagues to join  me in supporting H.R. 7573 and in working to right the wrongs of the  past to better perfect the promises of our country.   