 Mr. Speaker, the Everglades, Dry Tortugas, and  Biscayne National Parks are three of our south Floridian national parks  that are magnificent parks that we cherish across our country. They are  essential to preserving biodiversity, improving air quality, providing  recreational opportunities, and sustaining our physical and mental  well-being. They are also essential to our economy, bolstering local  economies across our Nation, supporting countless jobs, and breathing  life into our small businesses.   Unfortunately, our national parks are in need of help. Hiking trails  are in disrepair, roads are crumbling, visitor centers are falling  apart, and our lands are in need of protection.   That is why passing today's bill, the Great American Outdoors Act, is  so crucial. It will permanently reauthorize the Land and Water  Conservation Fund to address our severe maintenance backlog and ensure  that these natural beauties will be there for our children and our  grandchildren.   With the passage of this bill, Mr. Speaker, the ecotourism economies  in both Miami-Dade and Monroe Counties will flourish. I urge support.    Madam Speaker, it is difficult to express the  immense loss and pain that not just myself but that this body feels at  the passing of our good friend, John Lewis.   It has been one of my greatest honors and privileges to be able to  serve alongside him in my short time here in this body and to get to  know him. He brought to us courage. He inspired love and gave us  optimism in some of the most difficult times.   He worked with joy in his heart, with courage and faith, and without  fear. He was a fighter against injustice to anyone. I remember him  saying that he was inspired to see the young men and women of all  backgrounds, creeds, and religious backgrounds rise up in nonviolent  protest, demanding justice. I wonder if he knows that he started that  back in 1965 in Selma, Alabama.   My kids, Jude and Siena, every time they came to Washington, they  always sought out John Lewis because they looked up to him, just like  all of us did.   It is silly that I am crying, Madam Speaker. I just met him a year  ago. I think it is because, during some of the most difficult moments  in our country, we can't afford to lose someone like him.   But I am so inspired today to hear my colleagues stand together in  unity, and I know, and I am filled with optimism, that we will be able  to exemplify his work, continue his work, and carry his dream of a  better America forward.   