 Mr. President, along with my colleague, I am  astounded that we have gone this long without any type of relief for  our State and local governments that are suffering right now. The last  time this Chamber passed legislation to address the coronavirus  pandemic was April 21, 2020. That was over 2 months ago.   I can tell you, I know, Mr. President and all of my colleagues, you  are hearing from your constituents in your States. I am hearing from my  constituents. I have heard from thousands of Nevadans who find  themselves lying awake at night trying to figure out how to pay the  rent, feed their kids, and take care of family members at elevated risk  from COVID-19.    People in the Silver State want to know what more the Federal  Government is doing to help them, and rightly so, but they do not want  to hear us on the floor of the Senate Chamber identifying and arguing  that liberal States should not get some sort of relief right now.   I just heard my colleague from Florida identifying that liberal  States shouldn't get funding. What is a liberal State? How do we define  that? Does that mean it is a Democratic State or a Republican State  because I can tell you--you have seen it and I have seen it--we have  all seen letters from our Governors across this country in a bipartisan  way--letters signed by Democratic Governors and Republican Governors  asking for relief and support from this Congress. It is not just the  Governors; it is the mayors; it is the county chairmen, the county  commissioners.   I will tell you, there are some beautiful places in my State, and we  are Nevadans. Whether you are a Republican or you are a Democrat, every  single one of my mayors I have talked to, every single one of the  county commissioners and the county chairmen, along with my Governor-- we come from beautiful, diverse backgrounds--they are looking for  additional support. We can't put a pause on it now. We can't wait.   I don't understand why we have been waiting since April. In April,  State and local governments laid off 1 million workers across the  country and froze or cut the salaries of thousands more. In April, in  my home State of Nevada, unemployment was skyrocketing to 28 percent,  the highest in the Nation. That is nearly one in three Nevadans without  a job. Let me put that in comparison. The highest national unemployment  rate America ever recorded during the Great Depression was 25.6  percent.   On May 25, the House voted for the comprehensive Heroes Act to  support State, local, and Tribal governments, to bolster health  systems, to provide further stimulus payments, to help frontline  workers, and strengthen this Nation's economy. At that time, we as  Senators could have rolled up our sleeves right then and worked to find  common ground with the House so we could provide help and assistance to  so many people across this country.   Unfortunately, on May 26, our majority leader told reporters that the  Senate would probably--we would probably pass more legislation. Now it  is the end of June, and we have no legislation from the Senate on the  greatest crisis facing this Nation since World War II, even though we  are hearing constantly from our constituents and from our States.   Meanwhile, we are suffering. I can tell you, Nevadans are suffering  like almost every other State in the country.   Nevada has to balance its budget on July 1, just a few days from now.  Forty-six States have similar budgets they have to balance. Unlike the  Federal Government, States can't borrow to make up for shortfalls.  Every State in this country is collecting less in taxes than it usually  would, and every State in the country faces unprecedented and  unforeseen expenses because of this pandemic.   In my State, the Governor has estimated there will be a $1.3 billion  budget shortfall. Las Vegas alone is facing a drop in revenue of over  $100 million. The city of Reno expects a $30 million hole in its  budget. These are real dollars that are going to come out of essential  services. State, local, and Tribal governments are absolutely on the  frontlines of this health crisis.   The Senate must join the House in passing this vital legislation to  give assistance to so many in need right now across this country.   We heard from my colleagues that States and localities have to pay  EMTs, police, firefighters, healthcare providers--those essential  people who are on the frontlines dealing with this healthcare crisis.  According to a study by the National League of Cities, half the cities  in the country expect that budget shortfall will affect public safety.   State and local governments also fund schools and teachers. In the  middle of this pandemic, they have to figure out ways to deliver online  education to students who don't have computers or internet and work to  support parents trying to help their kids learn. They are having to  figure out how to feed kids in the next school year under inflexible  nutrition program rules.   Meanwhile, with these added challenges in Nevada, we are having to  consider cutting $125 million from higher education and $100 million  from elementary and secondary education. In Nevada, like so many other  places, this is all going on against the backdrop of tremendous  economic pain. We have 300,000 people in the Silver State claiming  unemployment insurance and thousands of those still waiting to receive  their benefits.   This economic shock continues. People are going to start losing their  homes or be evicted from their apartments if we don't do something to  address it now. Nevada was already facing tremendous affordable housing  crisis. We need urgent solutions to prevent this wave of dislocations  and homelessness.   And equally urgent is the help needed for our small businesses. I was  just on a call earlier today with the executive directors of the  chambers throughout our State. I can guarantee you, I am not alone. In  your State and all of our States, our small businesses are scrambling  to find new business models and new sources of revenue. Many of these  businesses are the heart of our communities, and if they go under  permanently, cities and towns will suffer as well.   Our frontline medical workers--the true heroes--continue to need  support. As cases climb in Nevada, they are working tirelessly to save  lives and prevent complications, and they need our support.    Our frontline medical workers and our States also rely on Medicaid so  that other people who are also struggling financially can still get  critical healthcare when they need it. In Nevada, nearly 45,000 people  are newly reliant on this safety net coverage.   Without additional resources to cover the costs associated with their  coverage, the State will be forced to cut payments to the doctors who  serve them, and this is in a State that already has one of the  country's lowest rates of doctors per capita. Almost three out of four  Nevada providers are worried about the financial viability of their  practices in the face of the current crisis.   When we talk about funding State and local governments, we cannot  forget our Tribal governments. They don't collect taxes. They are  barred from doing so. Yet they rely on businesses to fund services.  With Nevada's economy so hard hit, our Tribal communities need another  source of funding, and they need support. This is while many of the  Tribes in my State are still in lockdown, still trying to get access to  sufficient COVID-19 testing and PPE and even key data. The CARES Act  funding wasn't even released to Tribal governments across the country  for 60 days, and the Senate majority leader still thinks things aren't  urgent? It is just wrong.   The Senate must move urgently to strengthen the very institutions  across this country that are delivering essential service to Americans.  It is just a basic necessity.  [[Page S3650]]    I understand that many of my colleagues want to make sure we spend  Federal funds wisely, and I want that, too, but the way to achieve this  is for all of us to start working now. Nevadans need us to take action.  The American people need us to take action. I ask Leader McConnell to  take up and pass the Heroes Act or convene on the floor of the Senate  or in our committees real bipartisan discussions so we can pass the  next economic stimulus package.   I yield the floor.   