 Madam Speaker, I am so pleased that the gentlewoman from  Virginia is in the Chair and grateful to her for her leadership and our  other colleagues, Elaine Luria and Abigail Spanberger, as new Members  of Congress who give us the opportunity as the majority to bring this  important legislation to the floor. I thank them for Virginia's  leadership in all of this. It is so appropriate that the Congresswoman  is in the Chair for this because she was a leader in the State  legislature on the equal rights amendment when she served there.   This is a historic day, a happy day, as the House takes action to  move our Nation closer to our founding ideal that all are created  equal. I salute Congresswoman Jackie Speier for her leadership on this  resolution and for her lifetime of work to advance equality in America.   The gentlewoman quoted the late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia,  and I think it bears repetition. Justice Scalia said: ``Certainly the  Constitution does not require discrimination on the basis of sex. The  only issue is whether it prohibits it. It doesn't.''   It does not prohibit discrimination on the basis of sex. The lack of  an ERA has allowed the Supreme Court Justice to have this  interpretation.   Here it is, we say it over and over again: Equality of rights under  the law shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any  State on account of sex.'' How can you have a problem with that?    Let me also salute Chairwoman Carolyn Maloney, our longtime lead  sponsor of the equal rights amendment in the House, for her great  leadership, and Chairman Nadler, the members of the Judiciary  Committee, and all the Members who came to Congress committed to  finishing this fight for the equal rights amendment.   I also want to acknowledge that yesterday, at our press presentation  on this, in the audience was a Republican from Illinois who was  responsible for Illinois passing the equal rights amendment, Steven  Andersson. He was with us at the Capitol. We commend him for being a  leader on the ERA, passing it through the Illinois statehouse.   What an honor and how clear that this is not partisan, perhaps only  in the House of Representatives, but not in the rest of the country.   Let us acknowledge the millions of women in Nevada, Illinois,  Virginia, and across America who have raised a drumbeat for  ratification and reignited a nationwide movement for equality.   Nearly 100 years ago, Alice Paul, a Republican, introduced the equal  rights amendment, the first proposed amendment to the Constitution  calling for women's equality in America.   Fifty years ago, soon after becoming the first African American woman  to serve in the Congress, Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm stood on this  House floor to urge passage of the ERA, calling it ``one of the most  clear-cut opportunities we are likely to have to declare our faith in  the principles that shaped our Constitution.''   But today, in this year that marks the centennial of women having the  right to vote, it is a shameful reality that the equal rights amendment  still has not been enshrined in the Constitution. As a result, millions  of American women still face inequality under the law and injustice in  their careers and lives.   Without full equality under the Constitution, women face a  devastating wage gap, and this has an impact not only on what families  earn today but on women's pensions and retirement in the future. This  is wrong.   Women face discrimination as they raise families. Sixty-two percent  of pregnant women and new moms are in the workforce, but current law  allows pregnant workers to be placed on unpaid leave or forced out of  their jobs. And sexual harassment and assault too often go unchecked,  all leading to women's underrepresentation at the decisionmaking table.   We know what the statistics are--what was it?--33 CEOs of the Fortune  500 companies are women. Really?   Today, by passing this resolution, the House is paving the way to  enshrining the equal rights amendment in the Constitution. It will  achieve justice for women and achieve progress for families and for our  children, lowering wage disparity and increasing paychecks so moms can  pay for their family's needs, such as rent, groceries, childcare, and  healthcare.   We are able to strengthen America. It is not just about women. It is  about America.   The ERA will strengthen America, unleashing the full power of women  in our economy and upholding the value of equality in our democracy.   I have four daughters, one son, two granddaughters, and I can't even  imagine how anyone could think of his or her daughter not having  equality; his or her sister, mom, wife, not having equality. What is  that about, that women should not have the same status of equality as  men?   This has nothing to do with the abortion issue. That is an excuse.  That is not a reason. It has everything to do with a respect for women:  your daughter, your sister, your wife, your mother. And you are saying,  by voting against this, that your daughter, your sister, your mother,  your spouse should not have equal protection under the law in the  Constitution of the United States.   To those who say that the ERA is not necessary, let me quote from a  recent statement from the American Association of University Women. It  states that many ``Americans mistakenly believe that the U.S.  Constitution explicitly guarantees equality between men and women.''  Perhaps you think that. ``The equal rights amendment would, once and  for all, guarantee constitutional equality between men and women. Its  ratification would provide the constitutional guarantee that all men  and women are truly equal under the law.''   I urge a strong bipartisan vote for this resolution. It will be  bipartisan in the United States Senate when we send it over there  shortly, to ensure that women are truly equal under the law in America.  Because we know in America, when women succeed, America succeeds.   Madam Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote.   