 Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have  5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and  insert extraneous material on H.R. 2639, the Strength in Diversity Act.    Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 1107, I call up  the bill (H.R. 2639) to establish the Strength in Diversity Program,  and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the  House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, racial segregation in public education has been illegal  for more than 66 years in the United States. Still, American public  schools are more segregated today than at any time since the 1960s. The  average African-American or Latino student attends schools with a  majority of children of their own race.   Most of these schools serve a high number of low-income students  forced to learn in old, broken-down buildings with fewer resources and  disproportionately high rates of discipline.   Segregated schools are inherently unequal, creating barriers for the  students who reside in underserved communities. It has been 66 years  since the landmark decision in Brown v. Board of Education, and the  promise of equal access to education has yet to be realized.   Today, public schools are not segregated because the law requires it,  they are segregated by their ZIP Codes.   Segregation exists due to the erosion of a middle-class tax base. An  erosion that has caused communities of color to become systemically  poor. Essential services and public education are continuously  underfunded.   These communities have been denied access to the intergenerational  wealth that comes from homeownership due to discriminatory housing  patterns and mortgage lending policies. This is particularly true for  Black communities.  [[Page H4402]]  When districts split schools between affluent and poor neighborhoods,  it draws a bright line between the haves and the have-nots. This type  of separation inflicts the same harm on students today as legalized  segregation did prior to 1954.   That is why I introduced H.R. 2639, the Strength in Diversity Act. It  directly addresses inequities in public education by authorizing  funding to support local education leaders in their efforts to lessen  racial and socioeconomic isolation in public schools.   The Strength in Diversity Act will ensure every student has equitable  access to a quality education. This is one step toward remedying the  issue of segregated schools.   The bill provides support for school districts that are developing,  expanding, or implementing school diversity initiatives.   Eligible school districts can devote funding to study the adverse  effects of segregation, provide equitable access to transportation,  create programs to attract children from neighboring communities, and  recruit new specialized teachers.   Studies show school integration benefits students of all races. Even  the conservative think tank, the Hoover Institution, agrees that  diverse learning environments help close the achievement gap and lead  to numerous academic, social and cognitive benefits. Research tells us  school integration results in cross-racial friendships and a decline in  stereotyping, allowing students to better navigate an increasingly  diverse society and preparing them for real world experiences.   Mr. Speaker, the Strength in Diversity Act is not new policy. It is  practically the same policy the Obama administration sought to pursue  in its 2016 Opening Doors, Expanding Opportunities program, which  provided $12 million to help school districts increase diversity.   Nearly 30 school districts from 22 States and the District of  Columbia applied for the Obama-era integration grant, but the program  was eliminated by the current administration in 2017 without  explanation. That decision came at a time when research clearly showed  a resurgence in segregated schools.   Totally ignoring this increase in separate educational facilities,  Education Secretary Betsy DeVos moved to rescind Federal guidance to  assist school districts in pursuit of racial diversity. When my  Education and Labor Committee colleague Representative Trone asked the  Secretary about this rescission, she said she was ``unfamiliar with the  guidance.'' That was 2 years ago. Since then, things have gotten worse,  not better.   Mr. Speaker, we are experiencing a racial reckoning in this country.  Despite efforts from 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue to sow racial division, I  remain hopeful.   Now is the time to enact the Strength in Diversity Act and provide  school districts with the support they need to tackle the task of true  integration.   This is hard work, but necessary work, and it is past time the  Federal Government support local leaders to fulfill the promise of  Brown.   Today, I urge my colleagues to make a commitment to put an end to  racial and socioeconomic isolation and segregation in our Nation's  public schools by voting in favor of the Strength in Diversity Act.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I think that we all want commonsense  solutions, but as proven by Secretary  [[Page H4403]]  DeVos, common sense is not always common, Mr. Speaker.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 4\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from Virginia  (Mr. Scott), the chair of the Committee on Education and Labor.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Lee), my good friend.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentlewoman.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Green).    Mr. Speaker, I have no idea what bill my colleagues are  reading. There is nothing in this bill about teachers unions or  anything else that they are talking about.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from North Carolina  (Ms. Adams), my colleague, who is also a member of the Education and  Labor Committee.     Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Michigan (Mr. Levin).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Florida (Ms. Shalala).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode  Island (Mr. Cicilline).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Ohio (Mrs. Beatty), my good friend.    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time remains.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Mfume).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, we started this out with the ranking member saying we  just wanted headlines. I absolutely want headlines to bring to the  attention of this country the poverty in our schools. I want headlines  about the crumbling schools my children go to school in. I do want  headlines about the disinvestment in public education that my  colleagues continue to do.   I want the headlines. So I admit it.   We also talked this afternoon about how equality cannot mean  uniformity, but it can also not mean doing nothing but giving lip  service to a problem, which is what my colleagues do. They talk and do  nothing. Not one solution comes from the other side of the aisle--not  one. I didn't hear one today.   Then we talk about this amendment that is coming to use another fund  to help us do some of these things. They don't tell you, Mr. Speaker,  that that fund is a fund that is used for mental health for children.  So they want us to choose between integrating schools and the mental  health of our children.   I think if that is the best they have got then I am so very, very  disappointed, Mr. Speaker, because at some point we have to reckon with  what is going on in this country today and deal with the racial  segregation of my children--and they are all my children.   Mr. Speaker, if we fail to begin to address this issue--and this is  only a beginning--then we can no longer say we agree that every child  should have access to a quality education, that every child should go  to a school that has the kind of equipment that they should have, that  every child has internet and broadband access, and that every child has  an opportunity to succeed. If we don't do this, we don't mean it.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Scott), the chairman.    Mr. Speaker, I just have to say that, once again, my  colleagues have put forth an amendment that does nothing to stop or to  help with integrating schools. Absolutely nothing. They have had time  after time after time to address this issue, even as recently as 2017  when Betsy DeVos decided to eliminate the program, as well as to start  to roll back the Civil Rights Division of the Department of Education.   So it is not like this just came up. I think part of the problem is  when you have never experienced this kind of racism, it is hard to deal  with it, but I am giving you an opportunity now to deal with it.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, pursuant to House Resolution 1107, I offer  amendments en bloc.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Brown).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Tennessee (Mr. Cooper).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Florida (Ms. Mucarsel-Powell).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Michigan (Ms. Tlaib).    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   