 Mr. Speaker, the people of Connecticut and of the United  States deserve no less than the full support of the Federal Government  to get them to the dawn of a recovery.   While the House passed a comprehensive bill for the American people  back in May, the Senate has failed to act. So we advanced this $2.2  trillion package that includes $2.7 billion for Connecticut to protect  lives, livelihoods, and the life of our democracy.   As chair of the Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and  Related Agencies Appropriations Subcommittee, I am proud of the  investments here for patients, working people, children, seniors, and  public education.   For health, we provide $75 billion for coronavirus testing, contact  tracing, and isolation measures, and $28 billion for a safe and  effective vaccine.   For working people, we must save jobs, protect workers and their  families, so we strengthen, expand, and protect emergency paid leave.  We restore the expanded $600 unemployment benefit through the end of  January. And we continue to support work share programs.   For children and families, we must not allow a generation to be lost  or to let their bright futures darken. We provide $182 billion for K-12  education, nearly $39 billion for post-secondary; along with the Child  Care Is Essential Act, which I introduced with Chairman  Bobby Scott,  for $15 billion to save the childcare industry; and then my legislation  to make the child tax credit fully refundable, to make it accessible to  all, including the one-third previously excluded, including half of  Black and Latinx children.   I am proud of the provisions to increase the maximum SNAP benefit by  15 percent, to aid nutrition programs, food banks, farmers and  producers, as well as small businesses and restaurants.   Mr. Speaker, let us put politics second and let us put people first.  Let us vote ``yes'' on this relief bill for the people of this country,  for the seniors, for the children, and those who every day are looking  toward the Federal Government because they are in desperate shape and  they need our help. They need this legislation.   