 Madam President, I come to the floor this afternoon to  talk about the importance of aviation and continuing to focus on the  workforce employed in aviation. I want to speak about the importance of  the thousands of workers, including pilots, flight attendants, gate  agents, baggage handlers, mechanics, catering workers, and many others,  who are feeling the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.   I believe we should continue to address the very important issues of  the health aspects of the pandemic and the economic impact of the  pandemic, but while we are working on developing a vaccine and  developing better therapeutics and testing and stopping the spread of  this virus, we also need to keep in mind that we do need  transportation.   Prior to the pandemic, the aviation industry supported nearly 11  million American jobs, put $1.8 trillion to work in our economy, and  contributed to about 5.2 percent of our GDP. In fact, civilian aviation  is the seventh leading contributor of overall productivity. These are  skilled, high-wage jobs that are critical to our economy that cannot be  easily replaced. Maintaining our aviation sector is vital to the long- term economic success of our country.   When the pandemic hit, we saw a 96-percent drop in air travel, which  instantly jeopardized thousands of jobs in this sector. We worked very  hard in the CARES Act to create the right balance of capital for the  aviation sector to continue because it is essential. We also have  workers who are essential to their jobs, so we must keep moving to  solve these problems from the pandemic.   The Payroll Support Program, which was created in the CARES Act and  is being administered through the Department of the Treasury, was  designed to compensate aviation industry workers and preserve jobs in  order to help protect the essential aspects of aviation and airline  services. The program continues to cover the costs of keeping people  employed and keeping this vital piece of transportation moving. This is  critically important because, in just a very short period of time,  September 30, this program is going to expire.   Congress needs to act to extend the program. It is important that we  provide this support through the PSP program for the aviation workers  who are so essential to continuing to deliver these services. Aviation  not only helps people move around the country for personal reasons and  essential business reasons, but it also delivers good medicine and  essential mail services. The fact is that most people probably have  forgotten how important airlines are to delivering the U.S. mail, but  they are important.   The CARES Act included requirements to ensure that smaller markets  continue to receive air service and its associated benefits. As you can  see, many of the airlines, in the uncertainty of what is happening with  the CARES Act extension, are now cutting services to those communities.  Doing another CARES Act bill would help us to keep those services in  these smaller communities. It was announced that as many as 50,000  airline jobs will be at risk if we don't continue the Payroll Support  Program.   Now is not the time to be uncertain. Now is the time to give the  airline sector the importance that it deserves by having airline  workers continue to do their jobs. Every job lost means a worker earns  less. It means the slowdown of the economy as a whole. It means that  consumer spending, which is a big engine of our economy, will slow  down, and 70 percent of our GDP comes from that consumer spending. So  these programs are important.   If the Payroll Support Program is not extended, the cost for workers  who will lose their jobs will simply be shifted to the States in the  form of unemployment benefits, and since we aren't solving the problems  of the States, the States also add to the GDP, so we are not helping  the GDP unless we come to a resolution within the CARES Act.  [[Page S5692]]  Unemployment doesn't cover the cost of a full salary. Each worker would  have less to spend on gas and groceries, on a mortgage, and on  medicine. In the downturn of the economy that we have been facing, we  can't afford more loss.   Our economy is showing some signs of modest recovery as the result of  the economic stimulus from the CARES Act, but many of those benefits  are expiring. I can tell you, as a Member from the Pacific Northwest, I  hear a lot from businesses that didn't get help and support in the PPP  program and want it to continue so that they, too, can be on par with  some of their friends and neighbors who have been able to succeed  economically.   Right now, we are at a turning point at which we need the PSP program  to continue and to help give certainty about transportation.  Nationally, on average, we know an aviation mechanic takes home about  $1,600 per week in pay, but when these jobs are cut, the weekly incomes  are cut. Let's look at a few States and a few examples.   Right now, in North Carolina, the weekly income for a mechanic is  only $350 a week in unemployment benefits, and that worker is facing a  79-percent cut in weekly income. So I ask our colleagues to consider,  as you think about shifting these transportation workers from these  salaries that they are getting now to unemployment benefits, how  dramatic these cuts will be in some of these States.   I am proud that I come from a State in which we have a pretty robust  unemployment benefit. I thank our State and the people who vote for and  support a robust unemployment benefit, but if we continue to not act on  the CARES Act and the PPP, we will be sending people home to States  with unemployment benefits that will be much less robust than in my  State. Right now, to face a 79-percent cut in one's weekly income  I don't think is good for the aviation sector.    On average, when you look at the weekly income for ramp agents in  Georgia, it is about $850, but now that any additional weekly benefits  have run out, these workers face a 57-percent income cut. In State  after State, we see these cuts in these weekly incomes. This means, as  I said, less money to spend on groceries and less money to spend on  essentials at home. Without any additional weekly benefits, in Florida,  pilots will see a 92-percent drop in income, flight attendants a 75- percent drop, mechanics an 83-percent drop, and ramp agents a 68- percent drop. In Texas, pilots will see an 85-percent drop in weekly  income, flight attendants a 52-percent drop, mechanics a 68-percent  drop, and ramp agents a 48-percent drop.   My point here is to think about the need for us to continue this  program in that not all States are going to be treated equally in how  aviation workers will be affected. We have to think about how we are  going to keep that important air travel moving for our economy.   Without the extension, flight crews, flight attendants, and others  will be impacted in another way, in that, when you stop air  transportation services, people, after a period of time, will have to  come back and be retrained and recertified. Many times here, I have  participated in debates about tax credits or tax policy. Oftentimes, we  go past our deadline of December 31 and into the new year. Even though  we can't reach a conclusion, most people think: Well, that is OK. We  will make it retroactive, so going past our deadline doesn't impact  anything. In this case, it does impact something because, once we hit  the October 1 deadline and we start seeing these people in unemployment  situations, the time starts ticking for the cost of recertifying them  to be in that cockpit or to be of service.   For example, pilots have to meet certain flying requirements to  maintain currency in their pilot licenses. So, without an extension of  the PSP, flight crews and flight attendants would need to be retrained  at the cost of starting up again. A PSP extension also means supporting  their wages and making sure that they have available healthcare during  this time period.   I don't want to see one more American lose one's healthcare benefits  because of COVID. We are in a COVID crisis. We want people to be  covered with healthcare so that we can help to fight this pandemic. I  know people here in Congress are looking at the very short time period  that we have left before September 30. I call on my colleagues to set  aside our differences and come back to the table and make sure that we  address these issues before this major layoff.   This is important because, as I said, this affects the GDP of our  country. We still have an opportunity to sustain 950,000 frontline  aviation workers, which is important to helping our economy recover. As  I said, it is important because aviation helps to grow opportunities  for the future.   My colleague Senator Scott and I will tomorrow be announcing other  aviation legislation that we, too, think will help the aviation sector.  For every 10 percent of travel that returns to aviation, it drives more  than $1.5 billion into our economy. Those are salaries and wages and  other aspects of this sector. That is the economic impact that we will  have by returning flight service.   The original premise around the COVID bill was for us not to decimate  the airline industry so much, because of the COVID impact, that it  wouldn't recover and so that we wouldn't be there to retrain and take  advantage of the upside as the public responds. We have now gone from  that 95-percent loss of travel to, right before the Labor Day weekend,  about 40 percent of airline capacity and travel. We want to continue  being ready to serve the public who has to fly, and we want to make  sure it is safe for the public to fly. Getting this extension of the  COVID bill done before September 30 still remains a key priority.   On the point of aviation, I would say to my colleagues, besides the  Cantwell-Scott bill we will be dropping tomorrow to help focus on more  aviation safety, my colleague Senator Wicker and I remain committed to  continuing to work on aviation safety as it relates to certification  legislation. I hope all of our colleagues on the Commerce Committee  will continue to focus on that as well.   