 Mr. Speaker, I thank my esteemed colleagues,  Ayanna Pressley and Rashida Tlaib, for hosting this week's Special  Order hour on an issue that is so critically important to all people  who want healthcare and need equitable access to reproductive  healthcare and justice in the United States.   Right now, we are facing a critical juncture in the fight for  healthcare and reproductive healthcare in the United States. Louisiana  lawmakers designed a law to push abortion out of reach. It compounds  the financial barriers of  [[Page H1501]]  people struggling to make ends meet that they already face when seeking  care, including the decades-old Hyde amendment that has long denied  affordable abortion care for low-income people.   When I think about this issue and when any of us think about this  issue, we bring our whole selves to the conversation. When I think  about the issue of reproductive healthcare, I bring so much of my  experience working in hospitality in restaurants.   Working in restaurants is a front line for sexual harassment and  sexual assault. Working as a waitress, many of my colleagues were  sexually harassed and sexually assaulted.   There were days when many of them did not have access to reproductive  healthcare or even prenatal healthcare. One woman I know was pregnant  and had no healthcare, and she had to show up at free clinics for hours  at a hospital waiting for a new doctor every time.   Another friend of mine that I had worked with was in an abusive  relationship, and, as we all know, reporting rape is a very different  issue than accessing reproductive healthcare in time.   When we impose things like the Hyde amendment, what we say is that,  if you are wealthy and have these conditions, you can have access to  reproductive healthcare and an abortion, but, if you are poor, you will  not be afforded those same issues. That is what the Hyde amendment is  telling the American people and all people who are capable of being  pregnant or know a person or are part of a family of someone who is  pregnant.   It is incredibly important that we advance and uphold issues of  economic and racial justice for all people, regardless of their income  and regardless of who they are.   Right now, choice is the law of the land. That law should be extended  to all people, and there is no reason--none--that a Democratic majority  should uphold the Hyde amendment in the United States. We have to make  sure that all people have access to reproductive justice and  reproductive healthcare.   Last, but not least, these decisions--oftentimes heart-wrenching--are  not decisions to be made between a constituent and a legislator. It is  a decision to be made between a person and their doctor.   Nobody's healthcare should be up to a senator or their State  representative to determine, no less, when so many of these bodies are  not representative and do not contain in them people who can become  pregnant.   People do not understand, so many of the people writing these laws do  not understand the scope and the breadth that economic and reproductive  justice entails; and, to that, we have to make sure that we eliminate  the Hyde amendment and allow all people to have access to the  reproductive justice and healthcare that they need.   