 Mr. Speaker, the impeachment of President Donald Trump  has forced our Nation into a constitutional crisis.   On the one hand, Democrats have led a good faith effort to discover  the truth and hold President Trump and his administration responsible  for their destructive and corrupt actions in Ukraine. While on the  other hand, Republicans have refused outright to meaningfully engage in  the fact-finding process.   In our House, Republicans have ignored the fact that Russia has  invaded Ukraine, a sovereign nation. Ukraine is a scrimmage line for  liberty in Europe today, a continent whose liberty we restored and paid  a deep price for it.   Despite overwhelming evidence in the Senate, Republicans have  complained they have learned nothing new from the impeachment trial.  Yet, they have voted over 10 times to block new evidence and witnesses.   For instance, it is clear that President Trump's former National  Security Advisor John Bolton's testimony has relevance to the Senate's  efforts to find the truth--the truth. Bolton has firsthand knowledge of  the administration's duplicitous actions in Ukraine and President  Trump's malintent. Yet, Republicans in the Senate have refused to  subpoena Bolton, despite his statement that he is willing to testify.   Additionally, this week, The New York Times reported that President  Trump told his former National Security Advisor John Bolton that he  wanted the $391 million in security assistance to Ukraine frozen--a  nation at war--until Ukrainian officials agreed to carry out  investigations into Democrats and the Bidens.   According to a manuscript written by Bolton, such a claim is relevant  and warrants immediate investigation by Congress. Yet, Politico  reported today that Republican leadership in the Senate remains opposed  to additional witnesses, including Bolton, though dissent is emerging  in their ranks.   Mr. Speaker, I feel strongly that if the Senate fails to allow  additional witnesses relevant to the impeachment trial and subsequently  votes to acquit, such inaction will set a dangerous and perhaps even  irreversible precedent, one that allows the executive branch to ignore  congressional oversight with impunity.   Today, President Trump has refused to comply with any congressional  subpoenas obstructing justice, even going a step further as to block  any and intimidate executive branch officials from cooperating with the  House investigation.   An executive branch unaccountable to Congress, the branch of  government most connected with the American people, is a dangerous  prospect. We cannot allow this to become the new norm.   Ours is a nation of laws, not men or women. Laws protect us. The  balance of power between our three branches of government at the local,  State, and Federal levels is the only protection we have from  ourselves.   Our Founders wrote into our Constitution the means to hold a lawless  President accountable and remove him from office. The rule of law is  sacred, and that is why no one is above the law.   Regardless of anyone's opinions of President Trump, personal  affections are not the issue. The issue at hand is independent of party  or politics. The question is: Who among us will sit silent and allow  the voice of the people to be trampled, and who will rise up to keep  the Presidency accountable to our Republic?   Mr. Speaker, I have had the privilege to serve alongside public  servants in both parties. While I have had disagreements with  Republican colleagues on policy, I remain immensely thankful for their  bipartisanship in so many ways and willingness to engage on issues to  strengthen our Nation's national security and improve the lives of  working people, calling many Republicans, actually, my friends.   But that is why, Mr. Speaker, I am so disappointed today. My  Republican colleagues have so far failed to act in defense of our  democracy. They seem to live in an alternate reality from our own.   The American people have made it clear they want additional witnesses  to ensure a fair trial. They want to hear what Ambassador Bolton and  other witnesses have to say. Senate Republicans should let them testify  under oath.   Finally, I enter into the Congressional Record the words of Dr.  Daniel Rapport, a constituent and a distinguished medical doctor at the  University of Toledo Medical Center, urging the Senate to convict  President Trump.   His words: ``The impeachment of President Trump has forced our Nation  into a constitutional crisis. If the Senate fails to hold President  Trump accountable, as is its constitutional duty, then a dangerous  precedent will be set, one that empowers the executive branch to ignore  congressional oversight with impunity.   ``Combined with the increasing power of the executive in recent  decades, in addition to the President's veto power, the capacity of the  legislative branch to rein in the executive will be ever more limited,  weakening the American's people will in their own government.   ``This is an outcome that must be avoided at all costs. The Senate  alone has the power to do what is right to preserve the balance of  power between the legislative and executive branches. The Senate must  vote to convict President Trump.''   