 Mr. Speaker, as the designee of the chair of the  Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and pursuant to House  Resolution 1028, I offer an amendment en bloc consisting of the  amendments printed in part F of House Report 116-438.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, the Moving Forward Act is long overdue, and it comes on  the heels of a devastating pandemic that has killed more than 125,000  Americans and shut down much of our economy.   The Moving Forward Act will repair our Nation's dilapidated roads,  bridges, and public transit systems. It will rebuild our drinking water  infrastructure, upgrade our schools and hospitals, and improve our  affordable housing infrastructure. The Moving Forward Act will also  create millions of jobs and help our economy to recover.   This en bloc amendment makes several improvements to H.R. 2,  including the addition of new language that would support the  infrastructure of historically Black colleges and universities, support  long-term affordability of manufactured housing communities, remove  lead in public housing, permanently authorize the U.S. Interagency  Council on Homelessness, and make postal offices more accessible for  persons with disabilities.   These are positive efforts to more comprehensively address the  infrastructure needs of this country, and I commend each of the Members  offering an amendment included in this en bloc.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman form  Iowa (Mrs. Axne), a distinguished member of the Financial Services  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I am surprised the gentleman who serves on  the Financial Services Committee has not been a part of all of the  housing debates we have had, all of the information on housing.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr.  Garcia), a distinguished member of the Financial Services Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Minnesota (Ms. Omar), who is a distinguished member on the Education  and Labor Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Ruiz), who is a distinguished member of the Energy and  Commerce Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Mrs. Torres), who is a distinguished member of the  Appropriations Committee.    I reserve the right to close, Mr. Speaker.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I thank Chairman DeFazio for all of his hard  work on the Moving Forward Act, and I especially thank him for  including my Housing is Infrastructure legislation in this important  bill.   My colleague from Ohio has expressed concerns that our committee has  not sufficiently debated the housing provisions in this bill. But let  me remind him that we held a hearing on H.R. 5187, which is the same  text of the housing division in this bill, and that hearing was held in  April 2019. We also had a markup on this legislation in February of  this year.   So, I don't know where he was when all of this was taking place, but  we certainly had sufficient hearings and markup on this bill.   Mr. Speaker, it is clear that Democrats are committed to investing in  and improving our Nation's infrastructure, including our affordable  housing infrastructure.   Republicans continue to insist that these investments are  irresponsible, but I contend that it would be irresponsible not to make  these investments. When we have children living in housing that exposes  them to lead poisoning and homes in flood zones that are not built to  code, we are setting ourselves up for much higher costs down the road.  We must make the responsible choice and pass H.R. 2.  [[Page H3022]]    Mr. Speaker, this is such a significant piece of legislation,  legislation that speaks to the repair of the infrastructure of this  country.   Bridges are in disrepair and have been deemed to be dangerous. They  may fall apart, and some have. We have water systems in this country-- everybody knows about Flint, but there are a lot of more Flints in this  Nation, with old pipes, pipes with lead, children exposed to water that  could cause them brain damage for the rest of their lives. We have  roads and highways that are in great disrepair.   The President of the United States wants to spend $2 trillion, and I  am pleased about that.   I don't know what my colleague on the opposite side of the aisle is  so upset about. He is talking about the Republicans didn't get enough  amendments. Well, it is not our fault if they don't know how to craft  amendments that are appropriate and that should be in this bill.  Because in our Committee on Rules, Democrats have been very fair in the  way that they have dealt with this.   I don't know what he is so upset about that they didn't get into this  bill. No, this bill does not include investment in building a wall, if  that is what they are interested in. We are not about building any  walls to keep out immigrants from Mexico or anyplace else, if that is  what they are interested in.   This bill does not do that. This bill is about making sure that our  citizens get the support from their government that they deserve, to  make sure that their communities are safer, that our schools are safer,  that our drinking water is safer. This is about making sure that we put  the resources into this country that are so desperately needed and much  of which have been neglected for far too long.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud of this bill and what it is going to do for  all of our citizens in this country, north, south, east, and west. I am  proud that the leadership of the Democratic Party in this government  have taken this as a number one priority, and we are presenting a total  piece of legislation that addresses concerns that all of our Members  have said they have had.   Mr. Speaker, again, I am proud of the work that Mr. DeFazio has done,  and I am proud of all the amendments that have been included in this  bill. I am pleased that I have the opportunity today to stand here on  these en bloc amendments and participate in one of the most important  pieces of legislation this House could have ever presented.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   