 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the quorum  call be dispensed with.    This is unbelievable.    Mr. President, we are in the midst of a crisis in our  country--a crisis caused by the coronavirus. I cannot believe that the  answer to this crisis from our friends on the other side of the aisle,  as we move to address the economic consequences that are so severe for  the people of this country, is delay, delay, delay; no sense of  urgency; no hurry.   I will tell you, I have had the honor to serve in this body for many  years. Never--never--have I seen Republicans and Democrats fail to come  together when confronted with a crisis. We did so after 9/11. We did so  with the financial meltdown in 2008. Here, we are facing an enemy that  is invisible but equally devastating to the health of our people and to  the health of our economy. Yet, unbelievably, the Democratic leader  objected to my even being able to speak this morning. Is that what we  have come to? The Democratic leader objected to our convening at 9  o'clock this morning so that we could begin working in earnest. Is that  what we have come to?   The fact is, we have been working on a bipartisan effort through task  force, with both Republicans and Democrats, making very good progress  and putting together a comprehensive package--the third package we have  dealt with. This one is to address and prevent the economic devastation  that is being caused by this virus.   We don't have another day. We don't have another hour. We don't have  another minute to delay acting. I have talked with businesses all over  my State--small mom-and-pop businesses, like a diner, a third- generation diner operated by the Simones family in Lewiston, ME. For  the first time ever, they have had to close their doors. As Linda  Simones told me through tears yesterday: This is the first time ever we  have been unemployed. Our son is unemployed. Our friends who have  worked with us at this diner for years are unemployed.   We have a very good plan that we worked on in a bipartisan way-- Senator Marco Rubio and I on the Republican side and Senators Ben  Cardin and Jeanne Shaheen, in very good faith, on the Democratic side-- that would help these small businesses and keep their employees paid.  It would keep their employees getting paychecks. How can that possibly  be controversial?   How can any of us want to see millions of Americans lose their  paychecks, their health insurance, their contributions to their  retirement plans? We have a package that is part of this broader  legislation.   As the majority leader pointed out just yesterday, had we invoked  cloture, that is not the end of the process. There still could have  been 30 hours for us to refine this package.   Keep in mind that every single one of these task forces have been  bipartisan. Do we agree on everything? Of course not, but surely,  surely, in this time of extreme crisis for our country--when people are  getting sick, when people are dying from the coronavirus, when we are  facing unemployment rates which could go as high as 20 percent,  according to the Treasury Secretary--surely, we ought to be able to  pull together and work quickly to respond to the needs of the American  people.   I cannot believe the objections to proceeding to this package. Is  this package perfect? No. That is why negotiations are still going on.   Don't we want to act quickly to provide relief to the American  workers? This is disgraceful. We do not have time. Time is not on our  side. Let's get the job done for the American people.   