 Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I am in its current form.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I offer this motion today to restore funding levels for  a bipartisan priority to counter China.   The amendment adds $102 million to restore funding for the Countering  Chinese Influence Fund to the current fiscal year level of $300  million.  [[Page H3847]]    We can all agree that the Chinese Communist Party is actively working  against U.S. interests all over the globe--from space technology to  deceptive trading practices, to their outsized influence in  pharmaceuticals and medical equipment.   The threat from China is real and immediate, and now is not the time  to retreat in our efforts to stop their destructive actions.   The Countering Chinese Influence Fund was established last year to  address the growing reality that Beijing has a foothold in areas of  critical importance, including in our own backyard.   China is now the largest investor in Latin America, practicing the  same type of corrupt and predatory financing it uses elsewhere around  the world.   The commander of the U.S. Southern Command testified this year that  some of China's investments in the region could enable the Chinese  military to threaten sea lanes vital to global commerce and the  movement of U.S. Forces. He also expressed concern about Chinese  telecommunications investments and how they could be detrimental to our  security.   We must directly address Chinese actions in order to protect our  national security and maintain U.S. leadership throughout the world.  This fund is one way to do that.   I hope Members on both sides of the aisle will agree that it is more  productive to fund programs with bipartisan support than to fund  partisan efforts that have no chance of becoming law.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote on this motion, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   