 Madam Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the  previous question so this Democrat-controlled House can finally do the  right thing: pass the American Energy Independence from Russia Act.   This morning, Americans are seeing even higher gas prices on their  way to work than they saw on last night's commute home. Sadly, tonight,  tomorrow morning, next week, and next month, they are going to see the  same episode play out on those commutes to and from work over and over  again.   With the cost of living and inflation over the last year spiraling  out of control, the last thing American families need is $7 to $8 a  gallon gasoline.   Due to the policies of President Biden, we are more reliant on Putin  and Russian energy than in recent history.   I agree that we must immediately halt the import of Russian oil and  LNG. However, it is a false narrative pushed by President Biden that it  should be an unavoidable hit to Americans' pocketbooks. This was  avoidable, and it didn't have to be this way.    Since Biden's first day in office, he has forced executive orders and  supported policies that have made us more dependent on Russian energy.  These policy choices are directly to blame for the increased pain at  the pump that middle-class Americans are feeling.   Take, for example, the opening line of an AP article 2 weeks ago:  ``The Biden administration is delaying decisions on new oil and gas  drilling on Federal land.''   Sure, some of these leases are not utilized, but that is because they  are tied up in litigation from far left anti-jobs groups or because  they are awaiting delayed approvals from the Biden administration.   So, instead of approving rights-of-way, following the science, and  putting our oil and gas developers to work, Joe Biden is making  American families suffer.   On behalf of the American people, the Ukrainian people, and just  basic common sense----   --I joined my colleagues Cathy McMorris Rodgers and Bruce  Westerman in offering an American energy solution.   While Biden's solution is to buy oil from Venezuela and Saudi Arabia,  our solution is to put blue-collar workers, American workers, to work  here at home and develop our God-given natural resources.   We have the ability to bring costs down by unleashing the economic  engine of American energy production.  [[Page H1388]]  We can do that by defeating this previous question and passing the  American Energy Independence from Russia Act.   