 Mr. President, I rise here today--we are going to be  voting here later on. In a recent Monmouth poll in January, respondents  were asked if they agreed with this statement: ``COVID is here to stay  and we just need to get on with our lives [and live with it].'' Seventy  percent said they did agree with this, including half of all Democrats.   We have been through 2 years where we have been from here to there on  it--if an early believer, take it seriously. We didn't know what it was  going to have in store for us, but I think we do now.   So often you hear: Listen to the data; look at the science. Too  often, it has kind of been the political science of it.   Vaccinations and natural immunity mean that a large majority of our  country is already protected. Hospitalizations, serious illness, and  even death from COVID we can see are really going in the right  direction, thank goodness.   As therapeutics continue to improve, it is clear that most Americans  are right--COVID is here to stay. It is endemic. We can't marinate in  fear. We can't have lockdowns. We can't have one-size-fits-all for  across the country. We have got to get on with our lives.   President Biden recently extended the Federal state of emergency  under the National Emergencies Act indefinitely. I would like to point  out, he is not alone there in the sense that most of our Governors have  done the same. I only think in Florida and in Iowa--I would say that I  am guessing most citizens living in a lot of these places would like  their Governors to do likewise. This state of emergency makes robust  powers available to the President during a crisis. It includes  forgiving student loans, imposing travel restrictions, capital  investments in neighborhoods deemed to be disproportionately affected  by COVID.   When this emergency was first declared 2 years ago this week, it was  needed. It was uncertain. It was gratifying to see that, in a  bipartisan way, in March of 2020, we came together. But we have learned  so much since then. Now, I think it has become a burden.   I cite 3 weeks ago--it was in a classroom in Las Vegas. You ought to  look it up. It was announced there--this is different, but it was a  mandate. It was that you had to wear a mask in the classroom. The kids,  I think, embodied  [[Page S976]]  what this whole process has been about and that we are at a different  place. It looked like they won the State championship in something.   We are there. Congress has a responsibility to vote on whether to  approve these emergency declarations, as we will today.   Every State and community is easing COVID restrictions, and many of  them have eliminated them entirely. Ideally, you fight something like  this with maybe general guidance from here, but you let government  where it is closest to the people dictate how this stuff should happen  and how long it should be there.   It is past time for the President and Governors across the country to  give up the extra powers granted to them under the COVID emergency  declarations. If we are going to live with this virus and move forward  as a country, we must end the national emergency authorization, and  other Governors across the country should follow suit.   I yield the floor.   