 Madam Speaker, I rise to speak against this so-called  Inflation Reduction Act, a piece of legislation that weakens America,  weakens our businesses, increases the cost of energy for all Americans  and our families, and funds a new 87,000-person army of IRS agents that  are coming after low- and middle-income families.   Here is a pretty good rule of thumb for this legislation. If you are  one of Biden's chosen Green New Deal companies, you are probably going  to get a handout from American taxpayers. But for small, independent  American energy producers in districts like mine, the Permian Basin,  your reward for keeping the lights on is a new, poorly conceived  natural gas tax that will raise the cost of everything and give China  an edge on our American manufacturers.   In fact, I offered an amendment to strike this provision, but  Democrats voted it down in the Rules Committee, voting against U.S.  energy and voting for foreign energy.   The Democrat response is tax credits for the rich, a slush fund for  loans to their favorite green companies, and more regulatory red tape  to drive up energy costs for all of us.   Families have to decide whether to fill up their tanks or to pay for  everyday essentials at grocery stores because of high gas prices due to  President Biden's policies.   The crowning achievement of this legislation won't be inflation  reduction. It will be making America more dependent on our adversaries,  more dependent on our adversaries for energy, dependent on China for  medical manufacturing and supply chain issues, and dependent on China  for critical minerals.   If the Democrats' goal is to reduce baseload, reliable power sources  and increase our dependency on foreign nations, they are succeeding. If  their goal is to create regulatory red tape to drive up energy costs  for Main Street businesses and families, once again, they are  succeeding. If their goal is to help American families and small  businesses, this piece of legislation is a fail.   America asked for relief, and instead, Democrats will deliver new and  higher taxes that will be enforced by an 87,000-person IRS army.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote for America and against  this bill.   