 Madam Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R.  4521. I won't let my constituents be fooled by an attempt here to  recycle priorities from President Biden's failed Build Back Better  plan.   While this bill plays a role in formalizing a necessary discussion-- and again, you will hear from my comments that there is large  bipartisan support on what we need to do here to address the effects of  a great power competition on the American economy--this is a  superficial partisan effort that will not properly confront China and  will only make inflation worse for American families.   This pandemic dashed any illusion that the Chinese Communist Party  can be a trusted partner for American business, or they will take any  accountability when their recklessness results in devastating supply  chain disruptions.   Enhancements to domestic manufacturing that support American workers  and increase global competitiveness are long overdue but, sadly, it  will continue to go unaddressed by this bill because, simply, this  legislation does not require these organizations to reexamine their  relationship with the CCP.   In addition, it is another attempt to create a big, large piece of  legislation where you can add in a whole bunch of climate change  priorities. And the American people--and as I talk to my constituents,  they want us to address the issue at hand, not just lump a bunch of  things in together. And, again, that is what we are doing here by  making it a China bill.   There is an appetite and desire among many of my colleagues to send a  clear message to the Communist Party in Beijing. My constituents want a  China bill that confronts intellectual property theft, the genocide of  religious minorities, CCP influence in civil society, the antagonism of  our allies, and a bill that finally holds the CCP accountable for their  covering up of COVID-19.   Despite the grave threat our Nation faces from the CCP, American  ascendancy can be maintained only if we remain the preferred partner  across the world and the primary destination for innovators and job  creators.   Congress can and must do better. Let's get back to work.   