 Thank you, Madam President, for the  opportunity to talk about something really important to all Americans  but specifically important to Americans from the Deep South who happen  to look like me.   As I listened to the President talk about the importance of stopping  what he characterized as Jim Crow 2.0, I felt frustration and  irritation rising in my soul. As I keep hearing the references to Jim  Crow, I ask myself how many Americans understand what Jim Crow was. I  am so thankful--thankful--that we are not living in those days.   But just for those who don't appreciate the Jim Crow that was, it was  a time when my grandfather, born in 1921, would have experienced it. If  he were still alive, he could tell the stories of the Jim Crow South  and the Jim Crow era, an era where, in order for a black person to  vote, you had to pass a literacy test.   Now, if you could read at that point, it would not just be a test on  whether or not you could read, it would be a test on ``Do you know who  your Governor was 20 years before you were getting ready to vote?'' It  would include the threat of being lynched--literally killed--because  those in power wanted to stop Black folks from realizing and fully  participating in the greatest Nation on Earth and exercising what I  believe is a fundamental responsibility and right of Americans, the  right to vote.   It would include beatings and the power of intimidation, the loss of  your job if you dared to show up to vote. And so when I hear my  President, your President, our President of these United States, just a  little while ago, a week or so ago, talk about Jim Crow 2.0 and using  as the poster child of this new Jim Crow South being the Georgia voting  law, I rushed to read the law one more time so that I could understand  what in the world is he talking about.   I am here this afternoon because I had a conversation with the South  Carolina NAACP about 2 hours ago, and they encouraged me to come to the  floor and make my comments as public as possible so that people  understand  [[Page S304]]  what I have read in the Georgia law and compare it to the Jim Crow  South.   So what we know about the Georgia law--and I have read the law--what  we know about the Georgia law is the controversies the President spoke  about and that we have heard Members of Congress speak about over the  weekend is it is illegal to get water while waiting to vote.   Now, that claim has been proven false. It is not illegal to get water  while waiting in line. That is false. The only time you can't get water  while waiting in line to vote, according to the Georgia law, is if it  is a partisan; someone campaigning for someone--campaigning for  someone--you can't bring them water. But if you are an election worker  or a relative, you can, of course, bring a person water. So that was  completely false.   But if that is the threshold of the new Jim Crow era, it looks  nothing like the past. However, even that is false. What else is in  that Georgia law that is supposedly the poster child of voter  suppression? It allows for early voting, to include now the Souls to  the Polls, where you have Sundays where you can vote early--as a matter  of fact, 17 days of early voting, more early voting than the  President's own home State or New York.   It allows for mail-in ballots without an excuse, the same thing that  was turned down by the voters in New York. No-excuse, on-demand, mail- in ballots is now the law in Georgia.   New drop boxes. Prepandemic there was--it was not legal to have a  drop box in Georgia. Now, it is legal to have a drop box in Georgia and  voter ID, supported by at least 60 percent of African Americans, 60  percent of Hispanics, 60 percent or more of the majority population.   After going through point by point and realizing in South Carolina  that minority turnout was stronger than the overall turnout in South  Carolina and that two of the three African-American Senators in the  U.S. Senate today--two of us--represent those Southern States, it is  hard to deny progress when two of the three come from the Southern  States that people say are the places where African-American votes are  being suppressed, not to mention the fact that 2020 was a banner year  for minority participation in the greatest Nation on Earth from a  voting perspective, and that is, my friends, good news.   The Democrats' proposal would allow for the supporters of Bernie  Sanders and their tax dollars to go into my reelection account; I  oppose that. It would undermine voter ID laws across our country; I  oppose that. It puts unaccountable bureaucrats in charge of our  elections; Americans oppose that. And walking in on the day of the  election, registering to vote without any verification, is something I,  too, oppose.   And so, when I think about the important issue of voting and when I  think about the issue of voter suppression, it lands on my front porch  because, as a guy who has voted in the Deep South all my life, as a  person who was born in 1965 with a mama who understands racism,  discrimination, and ``separate and not equal,'' with a grandfather who  I took to vote and helped him cast his vote because he was unable to  read, to have a conversation in a narrative that is blatantly false is  offensive, not just to me or southern Americans but offensive to  millions of Americans who fought, bled, and died for the right to vote.   So if we are going to have an honest conversation about the right to  vote, let's engage on that based on the facts of the laws that are  being passed, not the rhetoric surrounding those laws, where it looks  like power is more important than people.   I will close with this. The Civil War of this Nation started in my  hometown. One of the most powerful and popular Senators in the history  of America was Strom Thurmond. In 2010, when I ran for Congress, I ran  for Congress in the place where the Civil War started, and I ran for  Congress in a Republican primary against the son of Strom Thurmond. I  won that race, not merely because of who I am but because of who we  have become as a Nation.   The evolution of the heart of America and the hearts of southerners  could not be more clear on a day when the son of a single mother, mired  in poverty, runs against the son one of the most famous Senators in the  history of the country and comes out victorious.   I would love for us to have a conversation about what we are doing  for Americans as opposed to this negative, false narrative of what is  happening to America.   