 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to executive session and consider the following nominations en  bloc: Calendar No. 599 and Calendar No. 693; that the Senate vote on  the nominations en bloc without intervening action or debate; that the  motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with  no intervening action or debate; that any statements related to the  nominations be printed in the Record; that the President be immediately  notified of the Senate's action and the Senate resume legislative  session.    Senator, are you up for a question? Will the Senator yield  for a question?   Mr. President, I would like to direct a question through the Chair to  the Senator from Indiana and ask the reason for his objection.    Mr. President, do I get a response from the Senator from  Indiana?   Mr. President, we have two qualified nominees, reported out on a  bipartisan basis by the Armed Services Committee at a moment of  heightened international tension.   The Senator from Missouri--I said Indiana--I say the Senator from  Missouri objected with no reason whatsoever. I asked him for his  reasoning, and he did not respond; he walked out of the room.   I don't understand such an irresponsible action. This is a matter of  national security. We have no reason for this objection. I understand  that he is objecting to all nominees at the Department of Defense  because he is upset about accountability for the withdrawal from  Afghanistan.   We have taken action to deal with that question. In the National  Defense Authorization Act that we just passed, there was a Commission  created expressly to examine the issue of Afghanistan--how we got in,  why we got in, what we did, how we left--on a bipartisan basis. I  believe that was reported out by the committee unanimously in the  National Defense Authorization Act after the committee's markup. So  that is accountability.   In addition, the Armed Services and Intelligence Committees, which I  also serve on, had at least 10--I think it was more like a dozen-- hearings on the withdrawal from Afghanistan in the latter part of 2021,  before the end of the year--a dozen hearings.   I was going to ask the Senator from Missouri how many hearings were  held when he was a member of the Armed Services Committee and his party  was in charge of the committee, how many hearings were held on  President Trump's agreement to leave Afghanistan in Doha in February of  2020. That was the decision that led to President Biden effectuating  the treaty--not the treaty but the agreement that the Trump  administration had made with the Taliban that led to the evacuation of  Americans and American troops from Afghanistan.   You know how many hearings were held by the Armed Services Committee  on the Doha agreement, which was effectively guaranteeing we would  leave Afghanistan with some minor conditions? Zero. Zero. Talk about  accountability. There were no hearings or discussion in the committee  that I can recall of the Doha agreement, where the Trump administration  agreed with the Taliban that we would leave by May 1 of 2021, as long  as the Taliban didn't attack our troops.   And now the Senator from Missouri is holding up nominees because of  some--he doesn't like the way the evacuation occurred or he wants more  questions from the Secretary of Defense.   We had hearings over and over. And what is going on here is a  compromise  [[Page S764]]  of national security because the Senator from Missouri has questions  that, I guess, haven't been answered, although I believe he was at  those hearings, had the opportunity to examine and cross-examine the  Secretary of Defense and other officials of the Biden administration.   But here we are, at a moment of national tension--and that is putting  it mildly--with nominees who are in charge of space and readiness. The  Senator from Missouri today blocked consideration and confirmation of  an Assistant Secretary of Defense for Readiness and for Space, two  areas of critical national concern, for reasons that he wouldn't say.  He walked out of the room. He walked out of the room. That is not  accountability.   If you are going to do something that endangers national defense and  block nominees who have been reported out by the committee on a  bipartisan basis, accountability is standing in this room and telling  the American people why he is doing it. Accountability means being  responsible for your actions, not saying ``I object'' and then walking  out, and that is what happened just now on this floor. I have never  seen anything like it.   These are well-qualified nominations, reported out by the committee  on a bipartisan basis, and we need them in these jobs. We need them  now, today, in these jobs, and now that is not going to be possible  because one Senator, for reasons that he refused to explain or expand  upon, objected. That is not responsible. That is not responsible. That  is endangering national security.   And to do so without any explanation is just, I believe, not  appropriate for a Member of this body.   So we will renew these requests at a later date and hope that the  Senator will have thought better of this action and allow these  nominations to go forward as requested by a bipartisan majority of the  Armed Services Committee.   I yield the floor.   