 Madam President, a group of us will be speaking and  then asking for unanimous consent on a measure called the Right to  Contraception Act. It is called the Right to Contraception Act because  it guarantees the right to contraception.   If you had asked me a year ago, 6 months ago, would we need a Right  to Contraception Act, I would have thought not in my lifetime. But the  fact is we live now in the post-Roe era. It is a unique moment in our  Nation's history, not just because the Supreme Court has overturned Roe  v. Wade in the recent Dobbs decision but because, for the first time in  our history, we are rolling back rights.   The history of our great country, the greatest in the history of the  world, is that we advance and expand rights. From the time of our  founding, the ethos and tradition of America is that we increase rights  and liberties that are protected from governmental interference.   And now with Dobbs, one of the core freedoms--the right to decide  when and whether to have children--has been stripped from women and  given to government officials. But it isn't only reproductive rights  under Roe, because the U.S. Supreme Court has very carefully,  deliberately sent signals about where it is going in this rollback of  rights and liberties. And it isn't just Clarence Thomas's concurring  opinion, which now has become infamous for its signals. It is the  opinion of the Court itself that clearly shows that this Court  threatens not only abortion rights, but also contraception rights. And  in addition to mentioning Griswold v. Connecticut, Clarence Thomas  also--or I should say Justice Thomas, with all due respect--mentioned  Loving, Lawrence, Obergefell--all of them on the chopping block, all  those rights on this Supreme Court's hit list. And perhaps the most  deeply rooted of them all in Griswold v. Connecticut is the right to  contraception.    Now, let's be clear. The right to contraception wasn't stated in the  Constitution, but the right to privacy is at its core. ``Don't tread on  me.'' The right to be left alone--that is the reason that we have the  Bill of Rights. That is the reason why the Founders rebelled against  England--undue, unjustified interference in their personal lives. And  so the right to privacy is referred to often as a conundrum; but,  actually, it is at the core of the Constitution. It is so fundamental  to the mindset and the mantra of those constitutional guarantees from  the very founding of our Republic, and the respect for the right of  privacy should be bipartisan and, indeed, has been bipartisan  throughout our history.   The simple fact is that the most important decision any of us make,  at least in my view, is whether to become a parent. And it ought to be  a decision--not something that just happens. It should be a decision  that is made deliberately. Every American should have that right to  decide when and whether to have children. And politicians shouldn't be  the ones to make it. They shouldn't be allowed to infringe or interfere  on that decision.   And women can't be truly equal if they don't control their lives,  their reproductive lives. If they don't control their bodies, if they  lose that right, they simply cannot be equal. So it is not just  privacy; it is equality that is at stake here.   My Republican colleagues are adamant in dragging this country back to  a time when women had little or no autonomy over these choices. And I  am shocked--and I think many of my colleagues are, the American people  are as well--that American women today will have fewer rights than  their mothers and even their grandmothers. We are living through a  world where healthcare providers can't do their jobs and save lives  without risking criminal penalties, and much of our Nation will be at  risk of losing these fundamental liberties.   Let me be clear. This should not be controversial. This issue should  not be one that provokes verbal jousts on the floor of the U.S. Senate.  Griswold v. Connecticut--yes, it is Griswold v. Connecticut--has held  for decades. It is enshrined in case law, reaffirmed by the Supreme  Court that individuals have a right to use contraceptives. But we have  seen after assurances by three of the members now sitting on the  Supreme Court that respect for precedent really is no longer deeply  felt--in fact, may not be felt at all.   What one nominee, Justice Kavanaugh, referred to as ``precedent on  precedent'' and, therefore, it is well-established law, that was Roe v.  Wade. Now it is gone. It was, in Justice Alito's words, ``egregiously  wrong.'' But none of those three nominees expressed any feelings  whatsoever that it might be wrong, let alone egregiously wrong. So to  all my colleagues who say that the right to contraceptives is  unnecessary, I would simply say, Look at Dobbs.   When I introduced, along with the Presiding Officer, the Women's  Health Protection Act in 2013, the idea that Roe might be overruled was  unthinkable. Our goal was to prevent the growing restrictions on that  right that imposed excessive burdens. What was unthinkable then is  reality now. The Court overruling Griswold might have been thought  unthinkable, but that danger is our present reality in the post-Roe  world.   So I urge my colleagues to join in approving the Right to  Contraception Act today to provide certainty and reassurance to women  across the United States that they will have those rights. They can be  sure of them; they can rely on them; they will know that having  children will be a decision they make--not somebody else telling them  when and whether to start a family.   I yield the floor.   