 Madam President, I will probably get in trouble with  somebody for saying this, but the question of when life begins, the  deeper question of what defines life, which biological entities are  alive or possess independent existence versus which biological entities  are simply part of something else that is alive--man, those are really  hard questions.   I heard my colleague Senator Daines on the floor earlier tonight  talking passionately about his belief that life begins at conception  and that humans have an obligation to defend a day-old fetus equally to  our obligation to defend the life of someone who has been born.   Now, I disagree. I believe that life begins at birth. I believe that  our legal obligation towards a born human is different than our legal  obligation toward an unborn fetus. But on that narrow question of when  life begins, I don't cast any particular judgment on Senator Daines for  believing what he believes. His belief system is shared by millions of  Americans--not the majority of Americans, but a significant share.   This disagreement that he and I have over when legally protected life  begins, though, is as significant and as important a disagreement as  exists--right--because it is about the most foundational questions in  human existence: What is life? Who decides whether a woman bears a  child? Who has control over that woman's body? Who has control over the  most sacred and critical function of a human being, the act of giving  birth? It just doesn't get any more important than that set of  questions.   And given this fundamental disagreement, given the weightiness of  these questions, given the large number of Americans who sit on either  side of these questions, I come to one simple conclusion: No  government, no group of politicians, should make this decision for  anyone else. This decision about whether to abort a pregnancy, so  morally complicated, so socially divisive, should and must be left to  individuals--in this case, to women--to decide.    Over the course of history, millions have died in fights over another  weighty moral issue--the question of whether God exists, and if a God  exists, exactly what form that being takes and what it requires of  humans. Disputes over religion have eradicated entire civilizations.   What does this have to do with Roe v. Wade?   Well, our Founding Fathers decided that there were some topics that  were so personal, so subject to disagreement and controversy, that  government should just be barred from registering judgment.   That is part of the reason why our civilization has not been plagued  by wars between religious groups--a reality that continues to paralyze  societies to this day in other parts of the world--because we keep  government out of the question of which God is the right God. That is  up to every American to decide for themselves, even though many  Americans believe that the consequence of observing or following the  wrong God is serious--eternal damnation, for some. The stakes are huge  when it comes to religion, but government sits on the sidelines.   To me, that is an imperfect but instructive corollary to the debate  over choice and abortion. The decision about whether to have an  abortion is so personal, and the lack of consensus in the country on  the question is so unavoidable, as to make government intervention just  as illegitimate as it would be if government tried to dictate to  someone which religion they should follow.   Now, that is not the exact route that the Supreme Court traveled to  get to the Roe decision, but it helps me understand why, from 1973  until today, the decision about whether or not to have an abortion has  been a constitutional right of the individual, not the constitutional  right of the government to decide.   Frankly, it has always been really hard for me to square how  Republicans, who so readily evangelize about small government, about  the importance of putting families and their decision-making processes  first, about the evil of public sector overreach, are so enthusiastic  about the government micromanaging personal decisions about pregnancy  or marriage or adoption.   Small government is great, I guess, for corporations, but it is not  so great when it comes to the most intimate decisions that families  make.   And as I have said on this floor before, it is also hard to take  seriously Republicans' passionate pleas for this body to defend the  existence of an unborn fetus when they seem to care so little about  many of the existential threats that are posed to every American after  they are born.   Today, this day, over 100 Americans are going to die from gunshot  wounds, from murders, and suicides. And whether my Republican  colleagues agree with me or not that stricter gun laws is part of the  solution to this uniquely American epidemic that plagues those that are  born, I don't know that I have ever heard a Republican speech dedicated  to this crisis on the floor of the Senate. I have heard dozens  dedicated to the cause of those before birth. It seems that after  birth, life matters a little bit less to some people in this body.   So that is what I think. And as I said, I will probably get into some  hot water for admitting that I understand the arguments that people  like Senator Daines make. I don't agree with his views, but I  understand them. And my hope is, is that as we begin this debate over  the future of reproductive choice and health in this country, as this  debate heats up--because it is not going away. We are taking a vote  tomorrow, but this is a debate that is going to consume this Nation if  the Alito opinion becomes law, which I believe it will.   My hope is that we are honest about the complexity of this debate,  but the Republicans are equally honest in the claims that they make.   Let me just briefly tell you what I mean.   Today, I heard Republican Senators making a whole bunch of claims  that are just so ungrounded in truth as to diminish the quality of what  should be a very important debate on a very weighty subject.   For instance, I heard Senators make the claim that the protesters who  were protesting outside or near Supreme Court Justices' homes  threatened violence against those Justices. That was  [[Page S2412]]  an explicit claim made by people who came down to this floor who might  have heard it on some unreputable website, but it is not true.   You can object to protesters being outside of public officials'  homes. It has happened to all of us, by the way, but don't make up  threats of violence just because it makes for a better story.   I heard one Senator say that the Women's Health Protection Act, for  which I will proudly vote tomorrow, allows for garage abortions. That  is not true. That is just plainly not true.   Every State requires that abortions be performed in licensed  healthcare facilities and nothing in the bill changes it. Don't say  that just because it makes a better story.   Many Republicans claim that the bill we are taking up tomorrow allows  abortions up to the date of birth. That is not true either.   The Women's Health Protection Act does codify Roe v. Wade, but Roe  only protects a woman's right to have an abortion without restriction  until viability and then afterward protects for the woman's health or  risk of death. The bill simply does not expand the circumstances under  which an abortion can be performed beyond what currently exists in case  law.   So I am going to be honest with my colleagues about the admitted  complexities--the political, moral complexities of this debate. But I  expect opponents of the bill that we are debating tomorrow to be  equally honest in the arguments they make as well.   So I will have a lot more to say about this topic as we begin what I  think is a debate that will consume this Nation, rightfully, over the  course of the coming weeks and months, but for today I will leave it  there.   I yield the floor.   