 Mr. Speaker, I thank Vice Chairman Johnson for organizing  this Special Order hour tonight and for yielding me time to speak.   Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to ring the alarm bell regarding the  United States' current financial crisis caused by the Biden  administration and Democrats' far-left policies and out-of-control  spending. Just last week, the national debt eclipsed $30 trillion.   As our national debt balloons, American taxpayers will be left to  foot the bill, not only for the billions and trillions of dollars we  are spending annually but also on a dramatically increasing cost-- interest on the debt.   The Federal Government has continued to kick the can down the road,  ignoring the explosive problems caused by our out-of-control spending  and greatly diminishing our future generation's quality of life through  no fault of their own. What a gutless and inexcusable thing to do.   Well, our time is running out, as we expect interest rates to rise in  the immediate future. If interest rates rise to just 5.1 percent, as  was the case in 2021, American taxpayers would suddenly be burdened  with an annual interest payment on the national debt of $1.5 trillion,  twice the budget for the Department of Defense, or almost 75 percent  [[Page H1066]]  of all income taxes collected in fiscal year 2021.   Put another way, three-quarters of the income taxes Americans pay  would go toward nothing more than paying interest on the national debt,  while only a quarter would be left to pay for much-needed programs and  expenditures like the Justice Department, infrastructure, and defense.   Americans' pocketbooks are hurting. Whether at the gas pump, at the  grocery store, or for the energy that heats your homes, prices are  going up everywhere due to President Biden and Democrats' far-left  policies and out-of-control spending.   Just last week, House Democrats doubled down on these disastrous  decisions by ramming through their $325 billion America COMPETES Act-- more like America concedes to China act, if you ask me--which only will  worsen America's economic crisis.   How can anyone sit here today and encourage this reckless and  irresponsible behavior? I have two sons; Guy, who is 4 years old, and  Sam, who is 10 months. They will have to make payments on this massive  debt for their entire lives, and the generations that follow will do  the same unless we act. We must rein in Washington's out-of-control  government spending to prevent future generations from paying the price  for our financial mistakes.   This ticking time bomb, otherwise known as our national debt, has  been ignored for far too long. With rising interest rates on the  horizon, now is the last time and the best time for President Biden and  Members of Congress to take a serious look in the mirror and ask  ourselves if we really think the American people are okay with our  country being steered off this fiscal cliff.   