 Mr. President, let me thank Chairman Carper and Ranking  Member Capito and my counterpart on the Subcommittee on Infrastructure,  Senator Cramer, for bringing us to this moment where we will soon be  voting on the Water Resources Development Act.   I must tell you, this is an extremely important bill that gives the  Army Corps the authorization they need to advance critically important  water projects in our country.   Mr. President, this was passed by a unanimous vote in the Environment  and Public Works Committee. Due to the leadership of Senator Carper and  Senator Capito, this bill involves the input of all the members of our  committee and--dare I say--all the Members of the U.S. Senate. So I  want to thank them for getting this bill to the point where we will be  able to vote on it this afternoon.   This bill is truly bipartisan. It incorporates the input from every  single Senator and reflects priorities for our  [[Page S3757]]  water resources in States and communities across the country. It  provides crucial authority for projects and guidance for the Army Corps  of Engineers to engineer better solutions to our Nation's toughest  water infrastructure supply and quality challenges.   The work of the Army Corps of Engineers is vital for keeping commerce  flowing in our waterways, for restoring aquatic ecosystems, and for  helping communities deal with the risks and impacts of flooding.   In my State of Maryland, we have challenges in all of these areas,  and we are partnering with the Army Corps to address them. The Port of  Baltimore, for example, is critical in our national supply chains and  an economic engine for the State of Maryland.   To enhance the port's ability to serve commerce and provide safe  navigation, the Army Corps is moving forward with a Mid-Chesapeake Bay  Island Ecosystem Restoration Project, or Mid-Bay, which will put  dredged material to beneficial use restoring our ecosystems in the  Chesapeake Bay, a major win-win for commerce and the environment. Here  we are taking dredged materials and using it for environmental  restoration, providing a very popular place to put dredged material so  we can keep our harbors and our channels dredged but we also can  restore our environment at the same time.   A project the size of Mid-Bay also has the opportunity to benefit  smaller channels along the Chesapeake Bay. In Maryland, we have dozens  and dozens of smaller channels that support economic activity,  recreational opportunities, and are an integral part of the identity of  the small communities they serve, but these channels have not received  the maintenance that they require.   I am proud that this year's WRDA bill provides the Corps with new  authorization to address these underserved harbors and channels,  directing the Corps to take a closer look at them according to the  significance to their community and not just based on the total amount  of cargo they move. This is going to help many of our communities  around America.   In doing so, this bill adds new perspective to the Army Corps'  thinking so that the Chesapeake Bay is fully understood not just as an  artery for commerce but as a national environmental treasure that is  home to living waterfronts that support a variety of community,  economic, and nature-based activities. The WRDA reauthorization takes  an important step in that direction with its provisions for underserved  harbors.   I am also proud that this bill includes a new statewide authorization  for the Army Corps to provide assistance to Maryland on environmental  infrastructure. We very much will take advantage of this opportunity.  We know that we have challenges with the Chesapeake Bay, and this  environmental study assistance will certainly help us in meeting our  obligations.   This authorization will also help communities across my State deal  with the impact of aging infrastructure and move forward on the backlog  of critical repairs and upgrades to water supply, wastewater, and  stormwater infrastructure.   The bill recognizes that because the Army Corps work is in high  demand around the country, the Corps needs to be accessible to  communities and engage with them directly on the challenges they face.  The Planning Assistance to States Program, which has been so important  to Maryland, will now include a new authority for the Corps to conduct  this outreach to communities.   The Army Corps is carrying out its important work on navigation,  flood risk mitigation, ecosystem restoration, and environmental  infrastructure against the backdrop of a worsening climate crisis.   This reality is forcing us to act with new urgency to protect our  communities from multiple hazards that our country is already  experiencing with increased frequency and severity, including  concentrated catastrophic rainfall events, sea level rise, and the  associated erosion and flooding that these impacts bring. It is also  forcing us to prioritize the restoration of ecosystems harmed by  climate change that can still play a role in building resilience. All  of that is incorporated in this bill, and we will be able to have those  tools that are available.   I just want to mention that one example is marshlands, which absorb  tons of carbon dioxide in the United States each year. They buffer  waves and reduce flooding during storms. We had a hearing in the  Environment and Public Works Committee yesterday--it was a good  hearing--on how we can get carbon capture. Well, one of the ways we can  get carbon capture through natural causes is to restore wetlands, which  trap carbon, and this bill will allow us to move forward in that  direction.   Finally, I want to note that, this year, the Army Corps' Baltimore  District is celebrating its 175th anniversary. I congratulate the  Baltimore District on this important milestone. The district has played  an instrumental role in the history of our Nation and the State of  Maryland, dating back to the construction of Fort McHenry, and I am  proud of the ongoing partnership of Colonel Pinchasin, the current  regional director.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I again applaud the  great leadership we have on our committee, the very open way that we do  business, the way that we listen to each other and are able to get the  priorities accomplished.   To Senator Carper and Senator Capito and Senator Cramer, it is a  pleasure to work with you, and thank you for making this possible.   I yield the floor.   