 Madam Speaker, I rise today as chair of the Congressional  Hispanic Caucus, as a father of these two beautiful daughters, Sky and  Sage, to call on the Senate to act now for Dreamers.   This October, the Fifth Circuit Court ruled that the DACA program is  unlawful and set the stage for this incredibly successful and popular  program to be struck down by the conservative courts in Texas.   If Congress does not act by the end of this year, the future of  thousands of Dreamers will be on the line.   Dreamers like Juan Vasquez from my district--in fact, from Mecca-- who, as a senior in high school, was detained by ICE while working in  the fields as a farmworker with his parents to help them pay the bills.   After taking him under my wing, as a pre-med student Juan graduated  top of his class from UC Berkeley and finished top of his class at UC  San Francisco School of Medicine. Now he saves lives. He saves American  lives. He saves fathers, mothers, children, daughters, sons, and  grandparents every day as an emergency medicine resident in New York  City. I think I had some influence, being an emergency physician myself  and mentoring him in that path.   If DACA ends, Juan and hundreds of thousands of others will lose  their jobs--impacting labor market sectors already experiencing  shortages, such as healthcare, education, service industries, food  production, and more.   If DACA ends, our economy would lose more than a quarter of a  trillion in lost GDP over the next decade. If DACA ends, prices will go  up.   If DACA ends, we will see dire and insurmountable ripple effects  across our communities and local economies.   For the sake of doing what is right and good and just, and for the  sake of our economy and for the hundreds of thousands of Dreamers who  call our Nation home and have known no other home, I call on the Senate  Republicans to join in good-faith negotiations to find a permanent  solution for Dreamers based on the House-passed American Dream and  Promise Act. Use it as the framework.   Madam Speaker, I urge every Member of this body, Republicans and  Democrats, to join the Congressional Hispanic Caucus in advocating for  a bipartisan DACA deal to be included in the end-of-year omnibus  package.    We absolutely must deliver peace of mind for Dreamers and their  families. Keep their families together and create opportunity for our  economy. The time to act is now. The time of urgency is now.   Madam Speaker, I thank the chairwoman for her leadership for being  vice chair of communications for the Congressional Hispanic Caucus  because your voice is powerful, your voice carries on, your voice is a  voice of true leadership that will continue and be generational.   I appreciate this Special Hour to advocate for our Dreamers and to  protect DACA.   