 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today we lost a towering figure in  American and world history. Madeleine Albright was one of the smartest,  strongest diplomats that we have ever had. She came to America as a  refugee and helped move the country closer to the promise that it was  founded upon. She made the world a better place.   Madeleine Albright was born in the former Czechoslovakia in 1937.  When the Nazis took power, her family was forced into exile, ending up  in London, where they survived the Blitz. After World War II, they  returned to Czechoslovakia but were again forced to seek refuge, this  time from communism.   As an 11-year-old, she arrived with her family at Ellis Island. She  became a U.S. citizen, graduated college on a full scholarship, and  went on to earn a Ph.D. while raising her three daughters, Alice,  Katie, and Anne.   She worked here in the U.S. Senate on the Foreign Relations Committee  under Edmund Muskie, then at the White House National Security Council,  before becoming a renowned professor at Georgetown University. In 1993,  President Clinton nominated her as U.S. Ambassador to the United  Nations. She was the second woman to hold that position.   In 1997, she became the first woman in our Nation's history to serve  as a  [[Page S1742]]  Secretary of State. As Secretary, she was a strong supporter of NATO,  encouraging the alliance to add new members and to protect vulnerable  populations. She urged military intervention to save lives in Kosovo.  She worked to prevent rogue States from getting nuclear material and  supported the Kyoto Protocol. And she strengthened American alliances  across the planet.   But Madeleine Albright is not the sum of her accomplishments.  Madeleine Albright is something more. She embodied the ideals of our  country. She was a constant light in the struggle between freedom and  oppression, relentlessly advocating for people to have rights that she  knew didn't exist under authoritarian regimes. She broke the highest  glass ceiling in her field and then spent the rest of her career  fighting for opportunities for other women. We will remember her as a  diplomat and a trailblazer.   But I will also remember her as something else: family. My oldest  brother Jake is married to her daughter, Katie. When I first became a  U.S. Senator, she was thrilled to have a politician in the family and  wanted to be helpful without casting a long shadow, so she discreetly  called Barbara Mikulski and told her to look out for me.   We were fast friends--not acquaintances, not friends in the political  sense, but actual friends.   She was a tireless and sharp political strategist. She was the kind  of person who would watch C-SPAN for fun and was endlessly fascinated  with politics at all levels, from municipal elections, State elections,  Hawaiian politics, the United Nations--she loved this stuff.   She was also a trusted confidante. We had long talks about everything  but mostly about our two shared loves: family and politics. And it was  always over a meal, which she would occasionally let me pay for.   But most of all, I will remember her as Grandma Maddie, someone who  was kind and curious with my kids. She was one of the most decent human  beings whom I have ever known. May her memory be a blessing.   I yield the floor.   