 Mr. President, we are in the middle of a horrible global  pandemic. Later this month, we will pass a tragic milestone of a  million Americans killed by COVID-19. Already, more than 6 million  globally have died.   And I know we are all sick and tired of it, completely tired of it,  done with it. I hear all the time at home and here that we are done  with this pandemic, but, unfortunately, it is not done with us.   This week, this body has failed to take minimally responsible action.  And I am going to speak for a few minutes to what it means that we have  failed to come together to pass another urgently needed appropriations  bill both to meet our domestic needs for therapeutics and vaccines and  for treatment and for the development of the next vaccine for the next  variant and what it means that we have delivered zero additional  resources for global public health to address this worst global  pandemic in a century.   The bill that we should be taking up now and is being blocked by  disagreements would have provided $10 billion to help provide  additional protection for 330 million Americans, to buy the  therapeutics that we need, to invest in the research to make sure that  we are ready for the next variant, to finish providing the public  health support for vaccinations.   While we may think we are done with the virus, 30,000 Americans  yesterday tested positive. It has touched all of our communities, our  families, my own family, our own neighborhoods. We are not done with  this.   Senator Schumer and others of my colleagues have been saying on this  floor and in public and in private relentlessly, we must deliver more  resources. Well, I am here to say that we cannot get this pandemic  under control here in the United States and secure the safety and  health of our people until we have delivered meaningful vaccine  protection around the world.   It is shortsighted for us to say that because we are done with it, it  is done with us. I will remind you, we have twice before gone through  periods where things were looking better, things were looking up, and  then the Delta variant emerged, the Omicron variant emerged in other  places in the world where vaccination rates were not what we might hope  for, not what we have achieved here and in other countries.   So let me briefly explain why this is a case of ``pay me now or pay  me later.'' I understand the fiscal concerns that have driven some to  say we should spend no more, but I think we will discover the  foolishness of a view that says we need not spend more.   First, it is just a waste of money, folks. We have already bought  hundreds of millions of vaccine doses that are now not going to be  delivered in countries in the world, and particularly in Africa, where  the public health systems are not developed enough to actually  translate vaccine doses into vaccinations.   As I learned during the Ebola epidemic in Liberia, that last mile  from the capital to the regions to villages is really hard to navigate.  It is hard to navigate here in the United States, heck. But in  countries without cold storage chains, without rural public health  resources, without the resources to pay for people to go and vaccinate,  not having that last dollar to go that last mile means that we are  letting people die when we have got the vaccines to save their lives;  and it means we continue to have 2.8 billion unvaccinated people around  the world.   Second, this is a moment where we can teach the world, again, that  the United States, long the most reliable global public health partner,  can be counted on in this critical moment. Dozens of countries could  not get our vaccines 6 months or a year ago, so they have relied on  Chinese and Russian vaccines that are ineffective against Omicron. A  variant emerged able to get around Sinopharm and Sputnik, the vaccines  delivered by the Chinese and Russians.   So we have a moment when dozens of countries around the world are  asking for our help. We have got the vaccines; we have got the  opportunity; and we are failing to take advantage of this moment.   The most compelling reason, of course, is our own people's health. We  have seen this cycle before, and we will see this cycle again.   How bad is the vaccination status in other places around the world?  Well, briefly: Yemen, a country undergoing a horrific war with  widespread famine, their vaccination rate is less than 1.5 percent. In  Haiti, in our hemisphere, a nation of 11 million people, their  vaccination rate is below 1 percent. The number of folks fully  vaccinated in two great countries on the continent of Africa--Tanzania,  60 million people; Nigeria, 200 million people--below 5 percent.   We cannot afford to allow this virus, COVID-19, which is like a  safecracker, out there in the world to just keep twisting the dials and  testing, testing, testing--because every time it infects someone, it  has a chance to mutate. Every time it mutates, it has a chance to get  past our defenses.   We will regret this failure. We need to treat this like the global  health emergency it is, and we need to realize that we already had  hundreds of millions of people facing food insecurity before the  Russian invasion of Ukraine accelerated the vulnerability of millions  of people around the world because Ukraine is the breadbasket from  which is fed countries all over the region: the Middle East and North  Africa, from Syria to Somalia. We are going to see food riots,  increased instability, and millions more in hunger.   So, folks, I will keep at this. I will keep working. I will keep  mobilizing and engaging my colleagues, both Democratic and Republican,  in making the case until it is done; but we have a moral imperative, an  economic imperative, a political imperative, a humanitarian imperative  to save our own country and our own people by providing the resources  the world needs and deserves.   We have so many good partners in this--organizations like One, USGOC,  Care, Catholic Relief Services, Save the Children, Bread for the World,  and many others--too many to name. But we need the same level of energy  and commitment and engagement in this Chamber that we have heard from  calls from around our country and our world. The world is looking to  the United States to use the vaccines we have, use the resources we  have, provide the support to get us on the other side of this pandemic  globally. Mr. President, this is the moment that we should do it.   