 Mr. Speaker, this bill is ostensibly to fight extremism,  which wouldn't be so objectionable if the people it empowered weren't  so damn extreme.    They are so extreme, they would chill speech at school board meetings  by targeting parents as domestic terrorists. Obey, accept the mandates,  accept the requirements, the CRT, or you will be punished at the hands  of your own government.   They are so extreme, they would leak a Supreme Court draft opinion so  that they could gaslight violence and intimidation against the Court,  all so that the law would abandon those unborn lives and beating  hearts.   They are so extreme, they would weaponize the Department of Justice  against a sitting President over an election that Hillary Clinton lost.  It was the Russians, they told us, and we were extreme if we said it  was them all along. Now we know it was.   The last press secretary thought that COVID discussions on Facebook,  rooted in science, were so extreme that Mark Zuckerberg had to  deplatform these people, take them away from the digital world. This  press secretary wrongly tweeted that FOX News is racist. I wonder if  she thinks all of FOX's viewers are dangers to the American people.   Are you a domestic extremist? This bill is about whether or not you  want the Department of Homeland Security looking over your shoulder at  the shows you watch, the websites you visit, some politically incorrect  meme you liked, some joke you forwarded, and any bad association you  might have had. If you are not a racist, maybe your neighbor is, and  you weren't antiracist enough to disallow it.   These things aren't criminal, of course. They are bad politics, at  worst, in most cases, which is exactly the point of this bill. They are  trying to deploy criminal, even antiterrorism, authorities against what  they deem is bad politics.   How long until mainstream Christianity is deemed domestic extremism?   All the domestic extremists, they declare their pronouns. So if you  don't declare your pronouns, maybe you are a domestic extremist, too.   Under this bill, how long until Facebook jail means a government file  on you, a higher interest rate on your home loan, or your spouse fired  from their job?   At first, I was a critic of the disinformation board, but it might go  down as one of the most efficient government entities in all of  history. It took only one action, and it actually shut down  disinformation by pausing its own activities.   The worst part of this bill is how it puts a target on the back of  every one of our military servicemembers. This bill will sic the FBI on  our military, not to prevent or investigate crimes, but to prosecute  thought crimes.   The problem with our military is wokeness at the Pentagon, not white  [[Page H5147]]  supremacy in the ranks. Even the much-maligned Lloyd Austin admitted  that 99 percent are doing the right thing. A recent DOD report showed  that less than 100 people in the force of 2 million were problematic in  any way.   We seem so intent on a neo-Nazi witch hunt in our own battalions  while we freely send $40 billion, much of which will end up in the  hands of the Azov Battalion, without much inquiry.   I am sincerely worried about domestic extremism, but from my vantage  point, it is coming from America's political left. You should really  think about that, how domestic extremism is truly in the eye of the  beholder, perhaps the beholder of power, and power is about to change  hands. Who will be the domestic extremists then?   