 Mr. Speaker, the Democrats' so-called Domestic Terrorism  Prevention Act opens the door for the Biden administration to continue  its assault on Americans' protected political speech.   Since President Biden stepped foot into the White House, he has  blatantly targeted conservatives for exercising their First Amendment  rights. Whether it is labeling parents protesting COVID-19 mandates and  racist curriculum in schools as domestic terrorists, holding nonviolent  January 6 protestors in pretrial detention for over a year, or creating  a radical ministry of truth to monitor supposed disinformation, the  Biden administration has repeatedly taken aim at political dissent from  the right.   And while the Disinformation Governance Board is reportedly paused-- what a hallelujah moment for the Constitution--just the idea alone that  the Biden administration would institute such a board under the  Department of Homeland Security should concern every solitary American  citizen. And keep in mind that this administration has completely  ignored the legitimate threats posed by dangerous extremist groups,  such as Antifa on the left.   Just this week, Biden's Department of Homeland Security claimed law  enforcement agencies are investigating violent threats by pro-abortion  extremists threatening to murder Supreme Court Justices or burn down  the Supreme Court building--but added, ``. . . generalized philosophic  embrace of violent tactics does not constitute domestic violent  extremism or illegal activity. . . .''    Really? Hey, DHS, why don't you apply the same standard to January 6  protestors? The glaring hypocrisy is blinding.   Make no mistake, this legislation is a blatant attempt to further  transform the Department of Justice and Department of Homeland Security  into political weapons, greenlighting additional abuse by the Biden  administration against the American people.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to vote against H.R. 350, and  thereby protect Americans' First Amendment rights and block the Biden  administration from targeting, monitoring, and labeling Americans they  fundamentally disagree with as domestic terrorists.   