 Mr. President, so I am going to reserve the right to  object, and let me say I am doing this somewhat reluctantly because I  fully acknowledge the Senator from Maryland is correct, that corruption  is a scourge. There are many countries going the wrong direction. It is  fully in the national interest of the United States to combat the  corruption that we see, and he has proposed a completely good-faith,  thoughtful approach to dealing with some aspects of the corruption that  we find.   But I have concerns about the particular way in which he does this,  and I would like to work with him and see if we can find common ground  on this.   Let me explain my concern.   The bill would task the State Department with annually ranking every  country in the world, including our partners and allies and friends and  even, maybe, countries that aren't necessarily so friendly but, at the  moment, are maybe working with us. It requires that this ranking of  countries, based on how corrupt they are, be then made public. That is  for good intentions, but I am concerned that in the process of naming  and shaming countries that are deemed to be in the wrong place, it  could complicate efforts that we are making, whether it is our Treasury  or our State Department, with very legitimate objectives that we have  that are unrelated to the corruption problem that the country faces.   For instance, depending on the country, maybe we want them to be more  cooperative in the global coalition against Russia to defend Ukraine.  Let's be honest. There are corruption problems in Ukraine also, but we  are defending Ukraine, quite rightly. Maybe it is about joining the  administration's Indo-Pacific economic framework, which is very  important for a variety of reasons, but maybe there are corruption  problems.   This seems like a bit of a blunt tool that requires this labeling and  naming and shaming, and it doesn't provide the discretion for the  administration to say: You know, maybe right now isn't the right time  to rub their noses in one of their problems because we need them for  something else.   So I guess what I would say is, look, fighting corruption is  absolutely important, and the Senator from Maryland has been consistent  and thoughtful on this, but it is not our only--and sometimes it is not  our most important--objective with another country.   I would like to continue to work with the Senator from Maryland, and  I would be very happy to devote the time and energy to try to make sure  we are able to get to common ground here before the end of the year;  but at this moment, I can't support this, so I object.   