 This rule makes proper for our consideration legislation  that I have offered to respond to the brutal aggression of Vladimir  Putin destroying, hour by hour, Ukraine, and its people, with death and  destruction.   I am pleased to hear from the gentleman from Oklahoma that he  supports this legislation because it will be stronger if we are united  in sending this message.   Like so many Americans, I have watched the horrors in Ukraine. I have  seen the people standing with their blue and yellow Ukraine banners and  flags on the steps of the State capitol in Austin day after day, rain  and shine, to express their concern.   And like them, and like so many of us of all political persuasions,  we wonder what we can do to prevent what is happening that we see  played out, in real time, on our televisions?   Well, in my case, it has been advocating that we get all of the  weapons that Ukrainians need to defend themselves to them yesterday.  Immediately.   But to recognize that to put a squeeze on the Russian empire, we  should respond with the most effective sanctions that we can. One of  those sanctions arising out of the Ways and Means Trade Subcommittee is  the ability to respond with reference to the World Trade Organization  and Russia.   The week before last, I introduced with Mr. Blumenauer, the chairman  of that subcommittee, legislation concerning the trade status of the  Russian Federation.   The legislation that I introduced yesterday that this rule puts into  effect is different from that, and I will discuss that in the course of  our consideration of the bill.   But it continues to urge the expelling of Russia from the World Trade  Organization, which I think we should do to attempt to isolate as  completely as we can Russia from any benefits from the world economy.   To see now one American-owned company closing down hundreds of its  locations throughout Russia, one American company, including some of  the big oil companies withdrawing from the Russian Federation, they are  acting in a way that supports what we need to do--put Russia in an  economic vise.   I believe that there is much more that we need to accomplish but that  we respond today on the number one issue on the world agenda, and that  is what is happening in Ukraine and what we can do to prevent it.   Now, I understand some people continue to have their own ideological  agenda to defend and ignore the climate crisis, deny climate science,  and promote more and more fossil fuels.   They choose the Keystone pipeline, which is exactly 8 percent  completed. It uses the dirtiest form of oil in the tar sands.    From the cold tar sands of Canada, completing the  Keystone pipeline will not save one Ukrainian life nor will the  adoption of the rest of their agenda.   Let me just say, I have only one agenda in this matter, and that is  to respond to the aggression and do all we can to try to stop the  brutal attacks unprovoked on the Ukrainian people.   I am very pleased that this legislation that I introduced yesterday  incorporates the good work of Chairman McGovern on the Global Magnitsky  Act.   That is legislation that fits so well with what I have been urging  about Russia because it combats human rights abuses there and all over  the world.   He has strengthened the provisions of the Global Magnitsky Act, which  would have expired at the end of this year. By incorporating it, it  fits well with our agenda to respond to Russian aggression and human  rights abuses that are going on as people are being murdered as we  speak today.    Madam Speaker, in the face of death and destruction,  President Zelensky and the Ukrainians are showing the world the true  meaning of courage.   While the most immediate need is for additional military equipment,  we could respond tonight by taking another step to isolate Russia from  the world economy and ensure that Americans are no longer contributing  the revenue to fund his war machine. To take the energy out of Putin's  brutal assault, we place energy on our sanctions list. It may cost more  to fill your tank, but we must work to stop Putin's tanks from crushing  families and freedom.   Our legislation also calls for expelling Russia from the World Trade  Organization. Russia should not be permitted to benefit from the world  order and stability that it is destroying with each bomb dropped and  each Ukrainian murdered. The financial pain we are imposing cannot ease  the pain of Ukrainian families, but it is one way for us to demonstrate  our solidarity with them.   Putin and his apologists here in America and abroad must know that  those who support democracy and combat aggression are united like never  before. As the flow of Ukrainian dead and wounded grows, so must the  economy of Russia shrink.   This bill is both more and less than the original version which  Representative Blumenauer and I introduced the week before last in  immediate response to Russian aggression. It now omits the most-favored  nation treatment provision.   Throughout Putin's initial saber rattling and subsequent bomb  dropping, the administration has wisely rejected the go-it-alone  approach that lead America to disaster under previous administrations.  The President has united our allies and is determined to keep them  united. I believe as he continues to work with our allies we will be  able to move forward, as Canada has, as our original bill proposed, and  eliminate this most-favored nation status for Russia.   I am very pleased that the bill adds to what we had initially, the  extension and revitalization of the Global Magnitsky Act. This has done  a tremendous job in reducing human rights abuses, and with its  inclusion in this bill we reauthorize it remaining united against  aggression.    Mr. Speaker, Putin thought he could divide us because  our last President served Russian interests so very well--fawning over  Putin, unrelenting criticism of our allies, undermining NATO,  preferring Putin's word over American patriots, repeatedly pitting one  American against another.   Recently, as Putin amassed tanks on the Ukrainian border, President  Biden was not the one who hailed Putin's action as ``genius.''   As Putin ordered troops into Ukraine, it wasn't President Biden who  called Putin's terror a ``peacekeeping mission'' and who then called  Putin ``very savvy.''   Last Friday, as Russian bombs were killing hundreds of Ukrainians, it  was not Biden's trusted adviser who said Putin had been ``too gentle''  and called President Zelensky ``a puppet'' and blamed him for failing  to appease Putin by declaring a ``neutral Ukraine.''   As Biden has tried to unite, Trump and his cronies cannot stop  licking Putin's boots, even as Putin was using those boots to kick  Ukrainians in the teeth. Sadly, many of those who come to criticize our  President and his efforts to bring us together have been sadly and  totally mute, unable to voice a word of disapproval of those who would  divide us, Putin's apologist-in-chief here in America.   Let's unite and stand with Ukrainian patriots and approve this bill.   