 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I understand that there is a lot that  is going on in the world today. We are worried about climate change and  what that is doing to our planet. We are worried about the terrible war  in Ukraine and all of the destruction taking place there. We are  worried about inflation and the fact that wages are not keeping up with  the prices that people are paying. We are worried about the massive  level of income and wealth inequality that exists in our country and  the increased concentration of ownership that we see in the United  States, among many, many other things that are on people's minds. But  to my mind, Madam President, the American people remain and always are  deeply concerned about an issue that, by definition, touches each and  every one of us, and that is our collapsing and dysfunctional  healthcare system.   While it is not discussed much in the corporate media or here in the  Halls of Congress, we have today in the United States the most  inefficient, bureaucratic, and expensive healthcare system in the  world. And that is not just what I believe; that is what the American  people know to be true because of their lived experience with the  healthcare system.   Madam President, I would hope that all Members of Congress take a  hard look at a poll that was published yesterday by the Associated  Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research, and this is some of what  the poll disclosed.   At a time when I hear many of my colleagues tell us that we have the  best healthcare system in the world, it turns out that, according to  this poll, just 12 percent of the American people believe that  healthcare in general is handled very well or extremely well in the  United States. Twelve percent.   At a time when we pay the highest prices in the world for  prescription drugs, only 6 percent of the American people believe that  prescription drug costs in the United States are being handled well or  extremely well. Six percent.   At a time when COVID has exacerbated the crisis, only 5 percent of  the American people believe that the mental health care system in the  United  [[Page S4554]]  States is being handled well or extremely well. Five percent.   When so many older Americans have died unnecessarily in nursing homes  and when so many cannot even find the nursing home bed that they need,  just 6 percent of Americans believe that the quality of care at nursing  homes in the United States is very good or exceptional. Six percent.   Madam President, the American people increasingly understand, as I  do, that healthcare is a human right, not a privilege, and that we must  end the international embarrassment of the United States of America  being the only major country on Earth that does not guarantee  healthcare to all of its citizens. Again, that is not just Bernie  Sanders talking; that is what the overwhelming majority of the American  people believe.   According to yesterday's AP poll, 66 percent of the American people  believe it is the Federal Government's responsibility to make sure that  all Americans have health insurance coverage. Sixty-six percent.   Over 86 percent of the American people believe that it is absurd that  millions of senior citizens lack dental care, hearing aids, and vision  care, and they believe that Medicare should be expanded to cover these  basic healthcare needs. It happens to be an issue I have been working  on for several years. Eighty-six percent of the American people believe  that Medicare should cover dental care, hearing aids, and vision care.  Eighty-six percent.   At a time when our long-term healthcare system is in shambles, 81  percent of the American people believe that Medicare should cover the  outrageous cost of long-term healthcare for senior citizens and people  with disabilities. Eighty-one percent.   Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the  Record this AP-NORC poll.    Madam President, it is hard for me to imagine how anyone  could defend a healthcare system in which over 70 million people today  are either uninsured or underinsured. As we speak, this moment, there  are millions of Americans who would like to go to a doctor, who need to  go to a doctor, but cannot afford to go to a doctor because of the  outrageous cost of medical care in this country.   Frankly, I am tired of talking to physicians who tell me about the  patients who died--who died--because they were uninsured or  underinsured and who walked into the doctor's office when it was too  late. Time and time again, I hear from doctors who tell me about a  patient who walked in, and they said to the patient: Why didn't you  come in when you first noticed your symptoms?   The patient responded: I don't have the money; I can't afford the  copayment; or I have no insurance at all.   Madam President, we are talking about--and I know we don't talk about  it much, and maybe we should--we are talking about some 68,000  Americans who die every single year because they are uninsured or  underinsured and don't get the medical care that they need. This is the  United States, the wealthiest country in the history of the world;  68,000 Americans should not die every year unnecessarily.   I am tired of seeing working-class families and small businesses pay  far more for healthcare than they can afford, which results in more  than 500,000 Americans every year declaring bankruptcy because of  medically related expenses. Half a million Americans declare bankruptcy  because of outrageous healthcare bills they simply cannot afford to  pay. Families in America should not be driven into financial ruin  because someone in that family became seriously ill. Sickness should  not be a cause of financial ruin.   I am tired of hearing from Americans who lost loved ones because they  could not afford the unbelievably high cost of prescription drugs, and  I am tired of hearing from constituents who are forced to cut their  pills in half due to the cost. Today, unbelievably, almost one out of  four patients cannot afford the prescription drugs their doctors  prescribe.   When you want to talk about an irrational and dysfunctional  healthcare system, think about a system in which people go to a doctor,  they get diagnosed as to their healthcare problem, they get a  prescription drug prescribed to them, but they can't afford to buy the  drug the doctor prescribes. So what ends up happening? They end up  getting sicker. Maybe they end up in the emergency room at an  outrageous cost. Maybe because they couldn't afford the prescription  drugs in the first place, they end up in the hospital at a very high  cost. Maybe they die. That is an irrational and absurd healthcare  system.   I am tired of talking to people and families of people who are  struggling with mental illness but cannot afford the mental health  counseling they desperately need. Last year, as you know, a  recordbreaking 100,000 Americans died of drug overdoses. And I will  tell you that in my office--and I am sure that in every other Senate  office--we get desperate calls from family members looking for  affordable mental health counseling. Far too often, that care simply is  not there in the community.   People are struggling with husbands, wives, kids who are on the verge  of doing something terrible to themselves, to others, and yet, in this  country, despite spending far more for  [[Page S4555]]  healthcare than any other country, we don't have the capability of  helping those people. It is not there. The mental health counseling,  the help that people need is not there because in this system, geared  toward the profits of the insurance companies rather than the needs of  the American people, we don't have enough psychologists, counselors, or  social workers.   Unbelievably, despite spending far more per capita on healthcare than  any other nation, we don't even have enough doctors. We are facing a  major doctor shortage in America now, which will only get worse in the  years to come if we don't address it. We don't have enough nurses. We  don't have enough dentists. We don't have enough medical providers in  general. We have, however, more than enough people who bill us and more  than enough debt collectors who hound us to pay for a bill we cannot  afford, but we just don't have enough people to provide the healthcare  that we desperately need.   By the way, the crisis of lack of healthcare providers is only going  to get worse as our society continues to age.   At a time of declining life expectancy in the wealthiest country on  Earth, your health and your longevity should not be dependent on the  amount of money you have. It is an absolute outrage and grossly un- American that the number of years we live in this country is dependent  upon our income. Studies have shown that the top 1 percent of Americans  live 15 years longer than the poorest people in our society. It is not  only the very top as opposed to the very bottom; it is wealthy people  in general versus working-class people. If you got the money, you are  going to live longer in this country than if you do not have the money.   In my view, healthcare is a human right that all Americans,  regardless of income, are entitled to, and all Americans deserve the  best quality healthcare that our country can provide.   Further, as chairman of the Senate Budget Committee, it is not  acceptable to me that we end up spending over twice as much as  virtually every other major country on Earth per capita--twice as much  per capita--while our life expectancy and other healthcare outcomes lag  behind most other countries. This is really quite an amazing thing. We  spend more; yet our results are worse than in other countries,  unbelievably.    According to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, we are  now spending $12,530 per capita on healthcare. Imagine that--over  $12,000 for every man, woman, and child in this country. This is,  frankly, an outrageous and unsustainable sum of money. In comparison,  the United Kingdom spends just $5,300; France spends $5,400; Canada,  $5,900; Germany, $7,300. We spend over $12,000 per year.   The question that everyone should be asking is, How does it happen  that we spend so much money for healthcare, but we get so little in  return?   Let's be clear. The current debate over healthcare in the United  States really has nothing to do with healthcare. Frankly, it is hard to  defend this dysfunctional system. The healthcare debate has everything  to do with the unquenchable greed of the healthcare industry and their  desire to maintain a system which fails the average American but which  makes the industry huge profits every single year. While ordinary  Americans struggled to pay for healthcare during this pandemic, the six  largest health insurance companies in our country made over $60 billion  in profits last year, led by UnitedHealth Group, which made $24 billion  in 2021.   While millions of Americans cannot afford soaring healthcare costs,  the top executives in the insurance industry receive huge amounts of  compensation. In 2020--remember, 70 million uninsured and underinsured  and 68,000 dying every year because they don't get to a doctor on  time--the CEOs of 178 major healthcare companies collectively made $3.2  billion in total compensation--up 31 percent from the previous year-- all in the midst of the pandemic. People were dying every single day,  and the cost of healthcare was soaring; yet the CEOs saw a 31-percent  increase in their compensation. According to Axios, in 2020, the CEO of  Cigna, David Cordani, took home $79 million in compensation. The CEO of  Centene, Mr. Neidorff, made $59 million. The CEO of UnitedHealth Group,  Mr. Wichmann, received $42 million in total compensation.   But it is not just the health insurance companies that are ripping  off the American people; it is the drug companies as well. In terms of  the pharmaceutical industry, last year, Pfizer, Johnson & Johnson, and  AbbVie--three giant pharmaceutical companies--increased their profits  by over 90 percent to $54 billion. How is it that, in the midst of a  pandemic, during which we lost over a million people and millions and  millions of people have become sick, the profits of the major drug  companies went up by over 90 percent?   The CEO of Moderna got a $926 million golden parachute after his  company received $2.5 billion in taxpayer dollars to develop the  vaccine. We all appreciate the development of the vaccine, which is  saving lives every day. But, really, does the CEO of the company that  received $2.5 billion of taxpayer money deserve a $926 million golden  parachute? That is an indication, a manifestation, of a sick and broken  healthcare system. And while over 330,000 Americans died during the  pandemic because they could not afford to go to a doctor on time, the  CEO of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals made over $450 million in total  compensation.   The current system is failing the American people, and the American  people want change--real change.   In March, a few months ago, I was pleased to introduce Medicare for  All legislation, with 15 Senate cosponsors. Companion legislation in  the House now has 122 cosponsors. This legislation would improve and  expand Medicare to cover, over a 4-year period, healthcare to every  man, woman, and child in this country. In other words, what this  legislation finally does is make sure that the United States joins  every other major country and that we guarantee healthcare to all of  our people.   This legislation is comprehensive, and it would end out-of-pocket  expenses. Unlike the current system, it would provide full freedom of  choice regarding healthcare providers. In other words, under Medicare  for All, there would no longer be insurance premiums, deductibles, or  copayments, and no more networks which deny you your choice of doctors.  And, when I talk about Medicare for All being comprehensive, it would  cover dental care, vision, hearing aids, prescription drugs, and home-  and community-based care. In other words, it would do precisely what  the American people want us to do.   Would a Medicare for All system be expensive? Yes, but while  providing comprehensive care for all, it would be significantly less  expensive than our current dysfunctional system because it would  eliminate an enormous amount of the bureaucracy, profiteering,  administrative costs, and misplaced priorities inherent in our current  for-profit system.   Remember, we currently pay twice as much for healthcare as do the  people of virtually any other country, and all of those countries  manage to provide universal healthcare. So, yes, we can provide quality  care for all at a much, much lower cost per person.   Under Medicare for All, there would no longer be armies of people  billing us, telling us what is covered and what is not covered, and  hounding us to pay our hospital bills. This not only saves substantial  sums of money but will make life a lot easier for the American people,  who would never again have to fight their way through the nightmare of  insurance company bureaucracy. In fact, the Congressional Budget  Office, the CBO, estimated that Medicare for All would save Americans  $650 billion a year.   Now, trust me. I do know the 30-second ads from the insurance and  drug companies that have told us that if Medicare for All becomes law,  your taxes will go up. What they forgot to tell you is that, under  Medicare for All, you will no longer be paying premiums, deductibles,  copayments, and out-of-pocket expenses to private health insurance  companies. What they certainly won't tell you is that Medicare for All  will save--save--the average American family thousands of dollars a  year. In fact, a study by RAND found that moving to a Medicare for All  system would save a family with an income of less than $185,000 about  $3,000 a year on average.  [[Page S4556]]    Now, one might ask, fair enough: If Medicare for All is so good, if  it has so many advantages, if it is what the American people want, why  hasn't it been enacted by now? Why hasn't the United States joined  every other major country in guaranteeing healthcare for all?   That takes us to our corrupt political system and the outrageous way  we fund campaigns. So I would suggest if you want to know why we are  stuck with a dysfunctional healthcare system that fails the American  people but that makes the drug companies and the insurance companies  wildly profitable, follow the money. Follow the money.   Since 1998, in our corrupt political system, the private healthcare  sector has spent more than $10 billion on lobbying. Got that? More than  $10 billion on lobbying since 1998. Over the last 30 years, it has  spent more than $1.7 billion on campaign contributions to maintain the  status quo.   In terms of their lobbying efforts, let's be clear. They are very,  very bipartisan. There are former Democratic Party leaders and former  Republican Party leaders who are working together to represent the  insurance companies and the drug companies.   And, by the way, of course, in terms of the campaign contributions,  the insurance companies and the drug companies are also very  bipartisan. In fact, their contributions go to many Members of both the  Democratic and Republican Parties. It doesn't really matter if you are  a Democrat or a Republican; what matters is you protect the interests  of the drug companies and the insurance companies.   But, you know, what I believe is that maybe, just maybe, now is the  time for Congress to do what the American people want--not what the  lobbyists want, not what the drug companies want, not what the  insurance companies want. And maybe, just maybe, we should have the  courage to take on the powerful special interests that dominate  healthcare in the United States. And maybe, just maybe, now is the time  to provide healthcare to every man, woman, and child as a human right  by passing a Medicare for All, single-payer program.   I yield the floor.   