 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise this afternoon here on the Senate  floor to mark what will soon be the passage, in just a matter of  moments, of a vital veterans bill and to thank my colleagues--both  Republicans and Democrats--who came together to support the Health Care  for Burn Pit Veterans Act. This is an important bill, and it will  remove hurdles for post-9/11 Iraq and Afghanistan veterans, in  particular, who were exposed to burn pits, so they can receive  healthcare from the VA without delay.   This legislation is cosponsored by every single member of the Senate  VA Committee, and I commend each of my Senate colleagues in their  support for this legislation.   Supporting our veterans has a way of bringing us together, and I am  so glad that is true. I am on the floor this afternoon with the  Chairman of the Senate Committee on Veterans Affairs, and I appreciate  how he and my Senate colleagues understand the urgency of this bill and  are quickly moving to pass it by unanimous consent.   Post-9/11 veterans are the newest generation of American heroes to  suffer from toxic exposure encountered during military service; and  passing this legislation marks just a first step--a first step--of a  phased approach to solving the complex challenges of caring for those  veterans exposed to burn pits and other toxic exposures.   For way too long, we have heard from veterans who got sick after  exposure to burn pits and need lifesaving care. There is a bipartisan  consensus on our committee that this phased approach--delivering  healthcare now and reforming the benefit system next--is the most  effective pathway forward for toxic exposure veterans and all other  veterans as well.   Servicemembers are willing to make the ultimate sacrifice for their  country. We know that. We respect that. We honor that. We must match  that level of commitment by crafting thoughtful and effective solutions  to make certain we hold up our end of the bargain and continuously work  toward the best outcomes for those who served and sacrificed.   I once joined a roundtable in Wichita, KS, with local members of the  Vietnam Veterans of America and was moved by their stories--not only of  their own health consequences from Agent Orange but their concerns of  how their exposure was affecting the health of their children and  grandchildren. From that veteran feedback, I introduced the Toxic  Exposure Research Act with Senator Blumenthal, which was signed into  law in 2016.   I have since heard from many veterans in Kansas and across the  country who are sick and dying from the effects of toxic exposure  caused by burn pits. Addressing the needs of veterans exposed to burn  pits cannot wait. This legislation could be lifesaving for those  exposed or suffering. When our men and women in uniform go into harm's  way on our behalf, we owe it to them to take care of them when they  come home for whatever injuries are incurred during their service. This  is not a question of resources; this is a question of getting reform  done the right way.   The Senate soon will act to pass this bill, moving us closer to  completing phase 1 of this approach to provide timely, sustainable care  to our veterans. I will continue to work with veterans, advocates in  the VA, and, importantly, my colleagues on the Senate Committee on  Veterans' Affairs and its chairman, Senator Tester, of Montana, to make  sure we are crafting legislative solutions that are veteran-centric.   I call upon my colleagues in the House to quickly take action and act  on this bill and act on our promise as a nation so post-9/11 veterans  who are suffering from toxic exposures can get the care they need.   I thank my colleagues on the committee, Chairman Tester, and our  respective staffs for working to craft this feasible path forward. And  I want to thank many veteran organizations that have expressed their  support for this legislation, including the Disabled Veterans of  America, Veterans of Foreign Wars, the Wounded Warrior Project, Iraq  and American Veterans of America, the American Legion, Military  Officers Association of America, and Military-Veterans Advocacy.   I am confident that if we continue to work together with the VA and  with veterans' groups, we will keep the needs of veterans foremost in  our minds and that we can deliver meaningful reforms for the current  generation of veterans and for all those who come thereafter.   I yield the floor to the Senator from Montana.   