 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and ranking member for  the work they have done together and with the committee to bring this  very important bipartisan bill to the floor. I thank them both for  their hard work, and the committee for its hard work, in compiling this  bipartisan package to combat two of the most important issues, Mr.  Speaker, facing communities today: mental health and drug addiction.   The COVID-19 pandemic exacerbated mental health and addiction  challenges that were already present in our communities. For those  already experiencing severe depression, anxiety, or even substance  abuse and addiction disorders, the pandemic made it harder to access  mental health care and essential help and resources, and it created, of  course, much greater anxiety.   This bill would reauthorize key mental health and addiction programs  while helping to strengthen communities' crisis response.   There are many important programs included, but I will highlight just  a few.   Mr. Speaker, among them is legislation from my friend Representative    David Trone to help States expand the availability of high-quality  recovery housing for treatment from substance abuse. Representative  Trone has been a leader on this issue as co-chair of the Bipartisan  Addiction and Mental Health Task Force.    Mr. Speaker, also included is legislation from my friends  Representatives Cindy Axne and Chris Pappas to revise opioid treatment  program criteria to help those in need of treatment access it more  quickly.   Our in-house pediatrician, Representative Kim Schrier, authored a  provision to help children and teens who have had their lives upended  by the pandemic access the mental health care and services that they so  badly need.   Mr. Speaker, I also mention a critical section added by  Representative Susie Lee to provide important resources for virtual  peer support programs. Representative Lee knows how much her  constituents have benefited from these types of programs and how much  more good they can do if given the proper resources.   Representative Tonko from New York, included legislation to expand  access to prescription medications that help patients overcome  addiction disorders.   Mr. Speaker, these are just a few of the very beneficial policies  included in this legislation that will improve lives and, indeed, save  lives.   I am so proud of the Energy and Commerce Committee and all the  Members whose legislation is included in this bipartisan package, which  demonstrates how we can join together, Democrats and Republicans, to  pass important legislation and show those we serve they are not alone  in facing these challenges.   Mr. Speaker, I hope this strong vote today will help move these  critical policies through the Senate and see them quickly enacted into  law.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote.   