 Madam Speaker, I rise today resolved to continue to  stand against anti-Semitism wherever it appears.   Sadly, in this country, incidents of anti-Semitism, according to the  ADL, are up 34 percent, more than 2,700 incidents reported just last  year.   More specifically, according to ADL numbers, attacks on synagogues  and community centers were up 61 percent; incidents at K through 12  schools are up 106 percent; incidents on college campuses, which were  already suffering from large increases in anti-Semitism, were up 21  percent. These include 88 incidents of assault, 1,776 incidents of  harassment, and 853 reported incidents of vandalism. This is only what  was reported. We know that there are more than what is reported from  every State and the District of Columbia.   This past weekend, a white supremacist, who espoused racist and anti- Semitic views, murdered 10 people simply because of the color of their  skin. His rage was fueled by the anti-Semitic great replacement  conspiracy theory that is being spewed by so many people in so many  places.   Congress and America as a whole must stand strong against anti- Semitism. As leaders, those of us here, we must speak up and call out  anti-Semitism wherever it is.   I am grateful for my colleagues on both sides of the aisle who join  in this resolution today. I call on everyone to support this.    Madam Speaker, I thank my friend from New York for  yielding.   The rise of racially motivated violent extremism is a serious threat  to Americans across the country. We, in Congress, can't stop the likes  of Tucker Carlson from spewing hateful, dangerous replacement theory  ideology across the airwaves. Congress hasn't been able to ban the sale  of assault weapons. The Domestic Terrorism Prevention Act is what  Congress can do  [[Page H5130]]  this week to try to prevent future Buffalo shootings, prevent future  California shootings, future El Paso shootings, future Charleston  shootings, future Pittsburgh shootings, or future Wisconsin shootings.   We need to ensure that Federal law enforcement has the resources they  need to best preemptively identify and thwart extremist violence  wherever that threat appears.   In 2020, this House passed the Domestic Terrorism Prevention Act on a  voice vote with overwhelming support on both sides of the aisle. I  thank my colleagues, Democrats and Republicans, who saw the benefit of  this legislation and sent it to the Senate. It didn't get a vote in the  Senate in 2020, which is why we are here today. I am grateful that this  legislation is being brought forward today in this moment.   To those who are considering voting against this bill, I ask them the  following:   What has happened in the 2 years since that they no longer support  this legislation?   What has changed that they no longer support giving the FBI, the  Department of Justice, and the Department of Homeland Security, the  resources they need to keep Americans safe, to make sure kids in their  schools don't fear the threat of terrorism, that people shopping in a  grocery store, going about their business, don't have to worry about  someone coming in and killing them simply because of the color of their  skin.   What has changed in 2 years that after sending this to the Senate on  a voice vote, without any opposition from Republicans, today, we are  not there?   Following the vote in 2020, we introduced this bill on January 19,  2021; three Democrats, three Republicans leading that with me. It was  bipartisan. We have added nearly 200 Democrats to the list, and the  Republicans stand silently by. The only thing that has changed in 2  years is that the risk of violence, the risk of domestic terror has  gone up.    Madam Speaker, I am calling on my colleagues, I am pleading with my  colleagues, join us in this legislation. Let's join together and send a  message that we stand with Federal law enforcement, we stand with  American communities, and we stand against domestic terrorism.    Mr. Speaker, I am proud to rise in support of H.R.  350, the Domestic Terrorism Prevention Act of 2022. I thank the Speaker  of the House and House leadership for their support in taking action to  address the very real and present threat of domestic terrorism and,  specifically, racially motivated violent extremism.   I am grateful for the leadership of my colleague and friend,  Judiciary Committee Chairman Jerry Nadler, in helping to bring forth  this bill, and my fellow Illinoisan, Senator Dick Durbin, who has been  my partner in shepherding this legislation since 2017.   Our Nation is reeling. Just this weekend, in California, a true hero,  as well as being a father, husband, and physician, a true hero saved  countless lives by sacrificing himself to wrestle down a hate-driven  gunman inside a church. In Buffalo, 10 people were murdered by a  deranged white supremacist whose hate was fueled by the racist, anti- Semitic great replacement conspiracy theory.   I can't go back in time and stop past events. There will be more  Buffalos; there will be more El Pasos; and there will be more Tree of  Life synagogue-type shootings. Though the shooters may have acted  alone, these tragedies past are a harbinger of what is to follow.   As Amy Spitalnick with Integrity First for America has put it, each  attack inspires the next one. Whether it is a live-streamed assault or  a screed posted on the dark web, the goal is not just to kill fellow  Americans but to inspire like-minded haters to act in kind.   We cannot sit idly by while domestic violence extremism spreads  across our country. We must give Federal law enforcement the resources  and the tools they need to actively identify threats and to  preemptively act to stop violence before it happens.   To my colleagues considering voting against this bill, especially  those who supported this very same legislation in the last Congress, I  ask them: If not this bill, then what? And if not now, then when?   Their inaction only gives cover to the next domestic terrorist  planning an attack.   Let me be clear: This legislation does not create any new statute or  establish any new penalties. It doesn't threaten civil liberties. In  fact, it further protects First Amendment rights, and it helps the FBI,  DOJ, and DHS do their job.   In testimony this February before the House Judiciary Subcommittee on  Crime, Terrorism and Homeland Security, Seth Jones of CSIS noted there  were 73 terrorist plots and attacks in the U.S. just last year,  spanning 18 States and the District of Columbia. He stated:  ``Government, military, and police locations and personnel were the  most frequently targeted by domestic terrorist attacks regardless of  perpetrator orientation.''   He continued: ``These perpetrators identified with a range of  ideologies and movements, including the QAnon conspiracy, the sovereign  citizen movement, militia groups, anarchism, antifascism,  environmentalism, and other antigovernment and antiauthority  philosophies.''   And he continued: ``In addition, white supremacists and other like- minded extremists have targeted individuals because of their racial,  ethnic, religious, or political makeup, such as African Americans,  immigrants, Muslims, and Jews.''   FBI Director Christopher Wray, in testimony before the Senate last  year, stated that: ``The top threat we face from DVEs,'' domestic  violent extremists, ``continues to be those we identify as racially or  ethnically motivated violent extremists, RMVEs, specifically those who  advocate for the superiority of the White race, and who were the  primary source of ideologically motivated lethal incidents and violence  in 2018 and 2019.''   Mr. Speaker, the Domestic Terrorism Prevention Act we are voting on  today is the right bill for this specific moment. The threat is real.  It is growing, and if we don't act, more people--people praying in  their houses of worship, children playing in their schoolyards, police  officers serving in our communities--will die.   We must pass this bill because the American people deserve to feel  secure in their schools, in their supermarkets, and in their churches,  synagogues, temples, and mosques.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   