 Mr. Speaker, it is my absolute honor and  privilege to be here tonight to honor one of our very own, one of our  very own Texans, who has been here for 18 years. I am calling this the  Louie Gohmert Special Order hour. But when you realize how many hours  he has been up here, probably more than anybody else we know, it  doesn't seem to be a fitting title.   There is no better way to honor my good friend, Louie Gohmert. If you  see the picture over here, he has been on FOX News. He is a great  drinker of Dr. Pepper, Peanut M&M's, those are some of the things that  Louie Gohmert is known for.   I had a friend the other day that said: Louie can be pushy and  obstinate.   I said: Really?   My friend said: Yeah, but he is actually the opposite now; he is  obstinate and pushy.   I tell you what, Louie Gohmert speaks his mind. He comes to this  floor and says a lot of things, quite frankly, that we are thinking but  a lot of people are not gutsy enough to say it.   He has been a true patriot. He is a champion for Texas' First  Congressional District, and he is a fighter for everyone's freedoms. We  are going to miss him.   Mr. Speaker, can I impose upon the gentleman (Mr. Gohmert) to come  down to the front?   He has had quite a distinguished career since before he got into  Congress, when he got, what I like to say, demoted to Congress.   Ronald Reagan once infamously said in a campaign: ``I will not make  age an issue of this campaign. I am not going to exploit for political  purposes my opponent's youth and inexperience.''   Talking about youth, Louie doesn't look like he is 69, does he? But I  remember when he did.   I tell you what, he is a great, great friend of ours. Y'all didn't  know this was going to be a roast, right? He has been a great, great  friend of ours.   Before I ever knew him, I saw him on FOX News much of the time, and I  always looked up to him. I knew that he was a man of conviction, that  he was a Christian, and that he spoke the truth the way it was. I  really looked up to him.   When I came to Congress, I kind of confided in him. I said: Louie, I  am beginning to have dreams. I keep seeing talking crickets, talking  dogs, talking birds, talking cats, and even talking donkeys and  elephants. What is wrong with me? Do you think Congress is pressuring  me?   He said: No, no, you are just having Disney spells.   Come on, that was funny, guys.   Louie has always had a great sense of humor. He has always been  someone who was so wry and so right on with things. I always love  having a conversation with him.   Louie, we appreciate you. I cannot tell you how much we appreciate  you and what you have tried to do for Texas, by the way. I hope tonight  will show through a little bit and show a lot of our appreciation for  you.   You have never backed down from a fight for our freedoms.   You have never backed down from fighting for our democracy.   You have never backed down because sometimes the truth is hard to  hear, even when you sent the media into a frenzy, quite a few times.   I always admired that about you. To say that you are going to leave  big shoes is an understatement.   Who else in the history--we might want to look this up, Mr. Speaker.  Who else in the history of this House has spent 17,340 minutes, 289  hours, and 12 days speaking on the House floor? Who else has done that?  Probably nobody but our famous Louie Gohmert.   Louie, you are going to leave a legacy of fighting tirelessly for  what is good and right for the people you represent, not just in Texas,  but in this country, religious freedom not being the least of those. We  appreciate that about you.   You have not only fought tirelessly for the people you represent, but  you have fought for every single conservative. There are a lot of  people who will never be able to vote for Louie Gohmert, but he voted  for them every day, and we appreciate that about you, Louie.   When you leave Congress, you will be known for unapologetically  fighting for and leading the conservative movement. Nobody has  represented the conservative movement better than you have, Louie  Gohmert. I want to tell you, with your stance for our Lord and Savior,  Jesus Christ, and for Christian values, you leave some really big boots  to fill.   Thank you for all your hard work. We have a lot of friends here that  want to say good things about you. They won't be as rough on you as I  was, probably.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Roy).    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Good).    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from North  Carolina (Mr. Bishop).    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Cloud).    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Posey).    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Kentucky (Mr. Massie).    Thomas, you came in with me in 2012, as I recall.    Just a little bit of history here. In my second  term, when Louie Gohmert decided to throw his name in the hat for  Speaker, us knowing him, believing to know him and his character, I  said, ``I am all in, Louie.''   It turned out I was part of the Gohmert caucus of three that voted  for him for Speaker. I paid a price for it, of course, but Louie stood  firm. Jim Bridenstine was the other one. Since they vote  alphabetically, Bridenstine voted for Gohmert, and Gohmert voted for  Gohmert. We already knew who the Speaker was going to be. It gets to  the W's. Bridenstine is texting me and saying don't leave us hanging. I  said, ``I told Louie I was all on board. I am all on board.'' So Weber  put that Gohmert name up there.   Thank you, Thomas, that is a great remembrance. He has been a fighter  and was always willing to put himself out there.   Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Sessions).    Mr. Speaker, I will echo what Congressman  Sessions said, that our district loves Louie Gohmert. He was invited to  speak. Unfortunately, his calendar wouldn't always permit it, but we  did finally get him to come to speak to us.   My District 14 on the Gulf Coast, I am not sure we could have drawn  your district that far down to the south, but there are a lot of people  who would have sure loved that.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Montana (Mr. Rosendale).    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Arizona (Mr. Biggs), somebody who is honorable.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Biggs for  those kind words. If he will get with me later, I will tell him some of  those stories, all that we all admire and cherish about Congressman  Gohmert.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Higgins),  my neighbor to the east of me.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for speaking.  We are going to give the two gentlemen here a chance to express their  love for one another.   Mr. Speaker, I have watched Louie Gohmert for a long time. So much  could be said about him. So much has been said about him; some of it is  even true. Having Louie for one of my very good friends gives me  status. You know, I had a friend in the fifth grade that gave me the  measles, and this is a lot better deal, let me just tell you that.  Louie has got a great sense of humor. He is a great patriot. He is a  great Christian. We all know that.   We have seen him stand for our biblical values time and time and time  again. Maybe it sounds a little archaic or a little corny, I don't  know, but I think of Roosevelt and his great speech. And it is called  ``The Man in the Arena'' because, Mr. Speaker, it does apply to Louie  Gohmert. He is in our arena. He is our fighter. I remind folks  President Roosevelt said: ``It is not the critic who counts; not the  man who points out how the strong man stumbles; or where the doer of  deeds could have done them better.   ``The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose  face is marred by dust and sweat and blood; who strives valiantly; who  errs, who comes short again and again, because there is no effort  without error and shortcoming; but who does actually strive to do the  deeds; who knows great enthusiasms, the great devotions; who spends  himself in a worthy cause; who at the best knows in the end the  triumph''--at the best, Louie Gohmert--``the triumph of high  achievement, and who at the worst, if he fails, at least fails while  daring greatly . . . ''   My good friend, Louie Gohmert, has not failed, will not fail.   The President went on: `` . . . if he fails, at least fails while  daring greatly, so that his place shall never be with those cold and  timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat.''   Someone who is heavily involved in a situation that requires courage,  skill, or tenacity as opposed to someone sitting on the sidelines and  watching, and the President went on.   I will tell you that nothing has discouraged Louie Gohmert. Nothing  has laid him down in the defeat of dust as President Roosevelt  described it. He has been a tireless fighter. Louie, you and I have  been through a lot of battles. We have seen a lot of things. Some of  the things we just shake our heads at, but ultimately, we know who is  in control.   We know that you have done the Lord's bidding. We know that you  fought the good fight. We know that you have endured until the end. We  know that you have been a sterling example of what President Reagan  called a light on a hill. I forget exactly how he said it, but you are  one of those points of light--I think President George H. W. Bush used  that analogy--that the rest of us Members in Congress could learn from,  that people watching on TV on C-SPAN and out in America could learn  from. You never doubted where you stood, never doubted what you stood  for or who you stood for.   I can't tell you how proud I am to be called your friend and to know  that. We are going to miss you, but I have a feeling you won't be a  stranger. We will get to see you come back. If nothing else, I still  have to get that rib recipe from you. I still have to get the trademark  on that rib recipe from you, the patent on it.   In Texas 14, just like your district, we love God, we love our  America, we love our freedom, we love our family, we love our guns,  and, Louie, you have done a tireless, tireless, spectacular job of  defending all of those, and it shows. We believe what the Bible says,  quite frankly. God made males and females, a lot of biblical  principles. You have stood up for those principles for our Lord Jesus  Christ every bit of the way.   Having been a Texas Supreme Court Justice, if you had told me that on  our Supreme Court that some of them wouldn't even know what a woman  was, from Texas we just don't get that, do we? We understand what the  Bible says.   If you had told me, if you and I sat down 10 years ago, that the left  would be trying to destroy fossil fuels, the things that make our  country so great, that we fight for so diligently in Texas, I wouldn't  have believed it. You and I have watched a lot of things come down the  pike, a lot of things come down the pike.   So I can sit here and go all night and all day. I believe we do have  the leader coming in eventually to come and share a few words, but,  Louie, if you don't mind, I would like to yield you  [[Page H8790]]  some time to give your thoughts and let us continue right now to learn  from you yet some more.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Gohmert), my  good friend.    Louie, we don't have enough time to talk about  how much time you have actually spent here. It is what your staff said.  And it was already pointed out tonight you did such a great job at  hiring competent staff, so you better believe it is right. We are proud  of you for that.    Mr. Speaker, I want to mention we do have a great  love and affection for Kathy, your bride, for loaning you to us. I know  it is a sacrifice for her. As you pointed out, we have a great leader.   Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to yield to the gentleman from  Louisiana (Mr. Scalise).    I am working on that.    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Gohmert).    Mr. Speaker, I want the Record to reflect--if I  can say this--I am going to get a commitment out of him to get that  recipe for those ribs.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. Lamborn).    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his  comments.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Mrs. Miller).    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her  comments.   It sounds as if your ribs probably need to be trademarked or patented  or whatever it takes to get that out. We just can't say enough, Louie.  We have got other people. It is amazing that Mrs. Mary Miller would  rush over here. I thought when she said that, wow, that is commitment.  But then I thought, no, that is love--it is commitment--and that is  love for Louie Gohmert. It is respect, it is honor, and it is us  wanting to say you are a tower among those people who have ever  darkened these doors and been in this place. I can't say thank you  enough.   I want the same guarantee that I get the recipe; otherwise, I will  have to hack into her computer and get that recipe for those ribs.   I just can't say enough. We have got a couple more people; hopefully,  Dr. Brian Babin and Jodey Arrington will be here shortly.   So if you want to take this time, Louie, to lay out all the  ingredients, then we can all write it down. But please come share some  more from your heart while we wait. We just can't tell you how grateful  we are to be able to spend this time with you.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Gohmert).    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Idaho  (Mr. Fulcher).    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his  comments. Russ is exactly correct. Louie Gohmert has stood strong  against abortion. The judge has stood strong against the Green New Deal  and the destruction of the fossil fuel industry that makes America  great. We have got to have fossil fuel so that our enemies around the  world cannot just overrun us with their military might.   Judge Gohmert has fought any attempt to do away with gun rights. He  has been a great soldier in that regard.   He has fought against this administration's attempt to keep the  borders open and all that that means, whether it is killing 100,000  Americans a year with fentanyl--300 a day. Just imagine, Mr. Speaker,  if you would, 300 Americans a day is like two jet airliners going down  every single day.   How long do you think it would take for the American public to cry  out if there were two jet airliners hitting the ground and killing 150  people on board every day?   You have stood strong against open borders. You have stood strong  against Congress' willingness to give away taxpayer dollars. You have  stood strong against some Members who want to increase the size of  government agencies.   Can you say 87,000 IRS agents?   You stood strong against a big tech that was out of control and  wanted protection from liability.   Yes, as Russ and many others have pointed out, you have been a  supreme fighter for defending rights of religious liberty, and you have  been a supreme fighter against those who would turn America into a  socialist country. I can't enumerate that as well as you can and have  done so eloquently over the years.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Babin).    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Arrington).   