 Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 5585, the Advanced Research  Projects Agency--Health Act. During my time in Congress, I have been a  strong supporter of basic medical research, and I recognize the  potential translational medical research holds when it builds off this  prior research. The discoveries made by our scientists at NIH and at  NIH-funded universities across the nation have the potential to  transform the delivery of health care and the prevention, treatment,  and ultimately curing of disease.   That support for research and its potential to transform the delivery  of health care led me to be an initial supporter of ARPA-H. In  collaboration with my colleagues on the Appropriations Committee, we  provided ARPA-H with some initial funding in the Fiscal Year 2022  omnibus.   However, we are appropriators, not authorizers, and many of the basic  decisions about the structure and functions of the agency had to be  left unmade and instead be delegated to the Secretary of Health and  Human Services. As I mentioned to him when he came before my  subcommittee this spring, Congress still did not know how grants would  be made or funded or how ARPA-H would interface with NIH.   I am pleased that this bill from the House Energy and Commerce  Committee answers these questions and provides Congress the opportunity  to shape this agency in line with our original intent. I am especially  pleased that the resulting bill is fiscally responsible and will ensure  proper oversight of ARPA-H as it implements this new research arm. H.R.  5585 establishes ARPA-H as an independent agency within HHS--separate  from NIH--and provides its director with independence from NIH. It also  establishes clear agency goals and mission and provides a framework for  coordination to ensure ARPA-H's efforts will not duplicate or  cannibalize the research efforts of other federal agencies,  particularly NIH. Importantly, it also prohibits awards being made to  foreign researchers and entities operating at behest of or in concert  with our adversaries.   I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   