 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, for  [[Page H4151]]  organizing this Special Order, and for his extraordinary leadership.   Madam Speaker, I join him in rising today in support of Washington  State's law enforcement community.   Each and every day, law enforcement officers in every corner of the  district I have the honor of representing--and the communities all  around our State and all around our country--go to work with one goal  in mind: to serve and to protect. That includes officers like Pierce  County Sheriff Deputy Dom Calata, who tragically gave his life serving  his community last month.   Deputy Calata admirably served his country and our community. I had  the honor of attending his celebration of life in Tacoma. It was clear  from the hundreds of emergency vehicles and the thousands of  Washingtonians who showed up, first, that he was just a really good  person; second, that our communities value the work of our law  enforcement officers.   Hearing the stories about how he supported other people, how he  encouraged others, how he brought smiles to people's faces, how he had  just a zeal for service, it was a reminder of the best of us.   Our communities enjoy safety and security because of the commitment  of our law enforcement officers and our first responders. That is a  commitment that we should return as we continue to support and ensure  the safety of those who have dedicated their lives to serve and  protect.   The Federal Government has to have their backs. That certainly means  what we are doing here, offering our words of support. It means our  prayers. It means our gratitude. But it has to mean more than that.   Having their backs means making sure they have the tools and the  training that they need to keep us safe and to strengthen the bonds of  trust with the communities in which they serve.   Having their backs means giving communities the resources they need  to hire and train new officers. It means that when we had a pandemic  that led to the cratering of local government revenues, Congress passed  the American Rescue Plan because none of us wanted to see cities,  counties, and Tribes issue a bunch of pink slips to law enforcement  officers.   Having their backs means funding for the COPS Hiring Program and  funding for effective, accountable community policing and programs that  build trust, save lives, and reduce crime.   Having their backs means dealing with some of the underlying problems  that make their lives more difficult. I can't tell you how many law  enforcement officers I have spoken to in recent years who have bemoaned  the fact that the largest provider of mental health services in nearly  every county I represent is the county jail.   If we can address the challenges posed by mental health, posed by  addiction, we can help better people's lives, but we can also help our  law enforcement officers by getting at some of the root causes of crime  in our communities.   Our Nation asks a lot of our first responders. In return, we have to  keep working to ensure Congress and the Federal Government do all they  can to help these men and women do their jobs to ensure the safety of  all Americans and ensure their safety while they are doing those jobs.   Former President Obama wrote a letter to the law enforcement  community following some tragic events nearly 6 years ago. In it, he  spoke of the importance of being united and not divided. Madam Speaker,  I thank the gentleman for organizing this Special Order because you saw  Democrats and Republicans united tonight in the importance of  celebrating and thanking our law enforcement officers.   President Obama also spoke of acknowledging that any violence against  law enforcement officers is an unjustified attack on all of us as a  community. Perhaps, most importantly, he said thank you. He said,  ``Every day, you confront danger so it does not find our families,  carry burdens so they do not fall to us, and courageously meet test  after test to keep us safe. . . . We recognize it; we respect it; we  appreciate it; and we depend on you.''   That is why tonight's discussion matters, and it is why the work of  every person in law enforcement matters. It is why I am grateful to my  friend, Mr. Newhouse, for organizing tonight's discussion.   