 Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman Nadler for his leadership  and for yielding the time. I also thank my good friend and colleague,  Mr. Cicilline from Rhode Island, who chairs the Antitrust, Commercial,  and Administrative Law Subcommittee in the House. I have had the  privilege of serving with him in the last couple of years, including as  vice chair of his subcommittee, during the course of the bipartisan  antitrust investigation that we undertook in the 117th Congress.   I am here today, Madam Speaker, to rise in support of my bill, the  Merger Filing Fee Modernization Act.   The current filing fee structure established in 2001 does not match  ongoing merger activity by American businesses. That is why this bill  is not a particularly complicated or complex bill. We know these  mergers require thorough review by our antitrust enforcer agencies,  because it has allowed larger businesses to avoid paying their fair  share and hurting small, mid-sized, and medium-sized businesses.   This bipartisan legislation adjusts that antiquated merger filing fee  structure and fixes the filing fees to the Consumer Price Index. The  bill includes a number of other provisions that I know have been  discussed at great length today.   Let me just say it is a commonsense policy that ensures Federal  antitrust enforcers have the income to support, ultimately, this  important work that they are doing.   But I have to say I have been a bit shocked by the tenor of the  debate on the House floor today.   Just to reiterate something that I think the chairman articulated  previously, this is a bipartisan bill. Every Senator voted for it. I  imagine that the ranking member's objections come as some shock to  Senator Cruz or Senator Lee or Senator Hawley. These are not Democratic  Senators, they are Republican Senators, and they support this  [[Page H8264]]  bill. I am befuddled as to understanding why the ranking member  doesn't.   In any event, it is a good bill, it merits the support of Members on  both sides of the aisle, and I am hoping that the ranking member may  see the light when the vote comes up.   