 Madam Speaker, it is a real honor for me to be  able to say a few words about Judge Hatchett. I heard my good friend  and person I served with for many years, Congressman Webster, say how  well he knew Judge Hatchett and the honorable man that Judge Hatchett  was and all the things that he did for the State of Florida.   I can tell you, instead of going back to what some of the people  said, the Federal courthouse is about a block from my business office  that I pass by almost every day. When this bill was defeated on the  House floor, people from all over the State of Florida, Democrats,  Republicans, Independents, none of them understood what really  happened, as much as they loved Judge Joseph Hatchett and the things  that he meant to Florida and to this country; not because of his  military background or because of the way he was treated because of Jim  Crow and other things, but because of his leadership and the way that  he was fair and the way that he loved people and the way that we wanted  to have judges like Judge Hatchett serve on the bench.   When asked why my colleagues across the aisle voted against this  measure, many of them were clueless. That should never happen on the  floor of the House. Or rather they were ill-advised, when a 1990s  ruling by Judge Hatchett began circulating which detailed opposition  toward prayer at a public high school graduation, when Judge Hatchett  simply followed the precedent of the U.S. Supreme Court.   It is very bad here in Congress, or anyplace, for those of us who  have served in public office, not only in the State, but here in  Congress, for someone not to tell everybody exactly what you are  talking about. Many will get confused. When I called some of my  colleagues, they didn't know what I was talking about. It was  embarrassing to our two Senators, Rubio and Scott. It was embarrassing  to them, because it was passed unanimously out of the Senate, to be  blindsided because they didn't know what had happened.   We are talking about an individual that gave his career in public  service to protect people's rights, to stand for those who are less  fortunate, a person that cared not because of the color of an  individual but because of the individual themself.   Throughout the State of Florida, people constantly call and ask why  would this happen to such a hero, a Florida's son, one that sacrificed  his life? I cannot tell you all of the things that he had to go  through. You have heard most of them. But he was an honorable man.   And one great President said: People will little note, nor long  remember what we say here, but they will never forget what we did here.    Madam Speaker, they will never forget what we  did here. No one in the State of Florida, whether Democrats or  Republicans, will ever forget what Judge Hatchett did for the State of  Florida and for this Nation.   