 Mr. Speaker, I thank Judge Gohmert for yielding,  my friend from northeast Texas. We are going to miss him. He has had  quite a distinguished career both before he got into Congress and then  when he got demoted to Congress. We appreciate him. I just can't tell  you how much we really appreciate him.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of country music legend  Mickey Gilley. Mickey Gilley passed away Saturday, May 7, in Branson at  the age of 86.   Born on March 9, 1936, Gilley was a native of Natchez, Mississippi,  where he grew up around his two famous cousins, Jerry Lee Lewis and  Jimmy Swaggart.   In his career, Gilley earned 39 top 10 hits and 17 number one songs.   With six Academy of Country Music Awards and a star on the Hollywood  Walk of Fame, and as a member of the 2011 Texas Country Music Hall of  Fame, Gilley was also one of only a few artists who have also received  the Academy of Country Music's Triple Crown Award.   But it was the opening of the country dance club bearing his name  that changed the world of country music forever. It was 1971 when  Mickey officially opened the doors of his famous honkytonk.  [[Page H6946]]    Gilley's reputation grew so much that Hollywood even took notice of  the hit movie ``Urban Cowboy,'' where he even made an appearance  alongside none other than John Travolta, Debra Winger, and Johnny Lee.   Inspired by the real-life romance of a pair of the club's patrons,  ``Urban Cowboy'' put Gilley's on the map, revived music careers,  launched others, introduced two-stepping to a whole new audience, and  created a lifestyle that has been adopted by millions.    Following his role in ``Urban Cowboy,'' Gilley found himself  performing in main showrooms in places like Las Vegas, Reno, Tahoe, and  Atlantic City, and even traveling to Europe to perform. Gilley even  performed for Presidents Ronald Reagan and George H.W. Bush.   Over the decades, Gilley appeared in a number of popular television  series, including ``The Fall Guy,'' ``Fantasy Island,'' ``The Dukes of  Hazzard,'' ``Murder, She Wrote,'' and ``CHiPs.''   Not only will Mickey Gilley's music live on in the hearts of so many  who loved his music, but his cultural influence cannot be overstated.   ``Urban Cowboy'' became an American phenomenon, and it was influenced  by the real-life stories of Gilley's patrons, Dew Westbrook and Betty  Helmer.   ``Urban Cowboy'' told the story of a west Texas farmhand who was new  to the area and working his first job at a refinery. This film  introduced country dance to America and created a lifestyle that has  been adopted by millions.   Even more surprisingly, it directly resulted in the most unlikely  outcome of all: Country-and-western music became mainstream. Once  considered outdated hillbilly attire, cowboy hats and belt buckles  became high fashion.   On Saturday, January 29, Mickey came to the Galveston Regional  Chamber of Commerce's celebration, ``The 50th Anniversary of Gilley's  and the 42nd Anniversary of `Urban Cowboy.''' It was a great  celebration with thousands, and Mickey actually sang for us, to the  delight of the crowd. We even presented him with a copy of the tribute  that I had done to him right here on the floor of the U.S. House of  Representatives and a plaque commemorating that event.   Mickey Gilley will be missed, but his legacy will live on not only in  the hearts and minds of those who loved his music but also in America's  love of country-and-western music, Wrangler jeans, cowboy boots, and,  yes, pickup trucks. He has even been featured in the very popular Texas  Hot Country Magazine. I know the publisher well, Leon Beck, a great  guy.   Gilley was preceded in his death by his wife Vivian, who passed in  2019. He is survived by his wife now, Cindy Loeb Gilley; his children,  Kathy, Michael, Gregory, and Keith Ray; his four grandchildren and nine  great-grandchildren; and his cousins, Jerry Lee Lewis and, I believe,  Jimmy Swaggart, although someone told me recently he might have passed  already. My deepest sympathies go out to his family.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Mickey Gilley for introducing our way of life to  the world. He will forever be a legend.   