 Mr. President, as the Federal Government  rightfully continues to levy devastating sanctions on Russia and punish  Putin and his thugs for their horrific and unlawful invasion of  Ukraine, we cannot, as the Biden administration has signaled it will,  choose to empower one dictator so we can punish another.   Nicoles Maduro is the illegitimate, ruthless dictator in Venezuela. I  traveled to the Colombia-Venezuela border and saw the suffering of the  Venezuelan people at the hand of Maduro's regime. I met with Venezuelan  refugees and got updates from Colombian officials on just how bad  Venezuelans were being treated by Maduro's tyranny.   Venezuelan children walk for hours through dense forests, across  rivers, and over terrorist-controlled territory just to get to a school  in Colombia for an education and a meal. Mothers with young children  came to Cucuta to get the only meal they would eat for 3 days. I met a  pregnant woman who was forced to sleep on the streets of Venezuela  because she was homeless. Think about that. I am a father and a  grandfather. Imagine having to look at your 3-year-old child or  grandchild in the eyes and tell them that they are not going to eat  today because there is no food.   The pain, the hunger, the devastation--I cannot believe any human  being would do this to young children. It was heartbreaking, and it was  evil. And there is one man responsible for it: Nicoles Maduro.   Since my visit, things have only gotten worse. In what is one of the  worst humanitarian crises in Latin American history, more than 6  million Venezuelans have fled Maduro's oppression in Venezuela since  2014.   In 2020, a factfinding mission for the United Nations determined that  Maduro's regime has engaged in crimes against humanity, including  unlawful executions, enforced disappearances, arbitrary detentions, and  torture. The regime has imprisoned hundreds of its political opponents  and forced countless more into exile. They have used the guise of the  COVID-19 pandemic to further crack down on journalists and dissenters.   We know that what has been happening at the direction of Nicolas  Maduro in Venezuela is horrific. That is why, in 2019, the previous  administration signed an Executive order issuing a complete economic  embargo on Venezuela.   We can all agree that the United States should not be bolstering such  a disgusting socialist regime, and we cannot forget that any lifting of  sanctions or show of appeasement toward Maduro's Venezuela will only  further the suffering there and help its evil allies, like Russia,  Cuba, communist China, and Iran, which actively support Maduro's  abuses. So I and many others were deeply disturbed last week when we  learned that President Biden secretly sent a team to Venezuela-- secretly sent a team to Venezuela--and began negotiations on the  potential purchase of Venezuelan oil and the easing of sanctions.   High gas prices caused by President Biden's war on American energy  and Putin's invasion of Ukraine doesn't mean we can turn a blind eye to  Maduro's genocide and oppression. We know that funds going to Maduro  are used for terrorism in our hemisphere, and we know that Venezuela  and Russia are aligned. If we support one, we support the other. That  is why, just days after the American team left, the Russian Foreign  Minister traveled to meet with the Venezuelan Vice President.    Now, I am glad the administration finally made the decision to stop  buying Russian oil--I think it came too late--but I am glad the Biden  administration reluctantly agreed not to purchase oil from Venezuela.  We shouldn't be supporting Maduro or Putin. It would be foolish if we  made the mistake of supporting one dictator so we could punish another  dictator. Maduro has decided to be our enemy, and so is Putin. Neither  of them deserves our money.   The Biden administration needs to realize that our enemies are not  the world's only source of oil and natural gas. America has huge  supplies of oil and natural gas, and we would have access to those  resources right now if the Biden administration hadn't spent the past  year relentlessly trying to destroy the U.S. oil industry.   On day 1, Biden killed the Keystone Pipeline, and 10,000--10,000-- jobs alongside it were lost. Then he cut off new drilling contracts on  public lands. The Biden EPA has added one ridiculous regulation after  another to make it more expensive and harder for American oil  manufacturers to do business. We went from being nearly energy  independent and a net exporter in 2019 to begging cartels and ruthless  dictators for oil. This is not American leadership, and it is not  American independence.   It is long past time for the administration to admit that its  ridiculous Green New Deal policies put our security at risk and hurt  American families. Prices at the pump are at an alltime high across the  Nation.   We should be solving this problem with our own resources and with our  own workers, not with Maduro and his thugs. That is why I have  introduced the Banning Operations and Leases with the Illegitimate  Venezuelan Authoritarian Regime Act, or the BOLIVAR Act. This bill  would prohibit Federal Agencies from doing business with the oppressive  Maduro regime. We can't stand by and let Maduro continue to commit  genocide against his people, and we have to do everything possible to  restrict the money Maduro uses to hold on to power and destabilize the  region.   When I was Governor of Florida, I signed a bill that prevented State  agencies from investing in companies doing business with the Government  of Venezuela.   In 2019, my amendment to cut off funds to the Maduro regime was  included in the National Defense Authorization Act.   In March of last year, my colleagues on the Homeland Security and  Governmental Affairs Committee agreed with me, and we unanimously  passed the BOLIVAR Act through our committee.   I am thankful for Senators Jacky Rosen, Marco Rubio, and Thom Tillis,  who have cosponsored this legislation and helped bring this legislation  this far. I also want to thank Congressman   Michael Waltz for  introducing the companion bipartisan bill in the House of  Representatives.   But we didn't introduce the bill only to have the Biden  administration begin working with Maduro's thugs and bolstering the  corrupt Venezuelan oil industry. We are trying to stop that, and no one  should want to be on the side of Maduro's genocide.   I am grateful for the bipartisan support this bill has received, and  I hope that the entire Senate will take a stand to support the fight  for freedom and the people of Venezuela.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object,  the Biden administration has failed to properly oversee the Pan  American Health Organization, or PAHO. President Biden and Secretary  Blinken know that PAHO has cooperated with the communist regime in Cuba  to traffic doctors overseas, and they know that there are Cuban doctors  who are trying to sue PAHO and hold their traffickers accountable.   Here are the facts: In July 2013, the Cuban Ministry of Health signed  an agreement with the Brazilian Ministry of Health to formalize an  arrangement for Cuban doctors to provide medical services in Brazil.  That agreement required the administration of former Brazilian  President Dilma Rousseff to transmit a monthly payment through PAHO to  the Cuban Ministry of Health for the medical services provided by each  Cuban doctor serving in Brazil. It also prevented Cuban doctors from  seeking employment in Brazil outside of the formal structure of the  agreement.   More than 20,000 Cuban medical professionals serving in Brazil under  the Mais Medicos Program had their wages stolen by the Cuban Government  and received only a small fraction of what they earned. Their family  members were prohibited from accompanying them, and many had their  passports confiscated.   Cuban doctors were the only medical professionals participating in  the Mais Medicos Program who had their salaries directly garnished by  their government. Meanwhile, doctors from other countries serving in  Brazil received the full wages for their medical services.   Other Cuban doctors suffered similar abuses in Angola, Guatemala,  Mexico, Qatar, and Venezuela. For example, in 2019, a group of Cuban  doctors reported that they had been directed and often coerced to use  their medical services to influence votes in favor of the Maduro  regime, including by denying medical treatment to opposition supporters  and by giving precise voting instructions to elderly patients.   This gross program is a huge moneymaker for the communist ruling  thugs in Cuba. In 2018 alone, they deposited more than $6.3 billion  from exporting Cuban professionals to work overseas, and medical  missions by Cuban doctors represent a majority of those profits.   Since I came to the Senate in 2019, I have been fighting for these  Cuban doctors and against human trafficking. I know my colleague from  New Jersey has also voiced concerns about this issue in the past, but  nothing has been done to hold PAHO accountable. PAHO is hiding behind  legal immunity. President Biden has the power to lift their immunity,  and I have requested this administration to do so multiple times, but  they have shamefully declined.   It is wrong. Victims of trafficking deserve to see their alleged  abusers in court, and PAHO should never be able to hide behind claims  of immunity to avoid accountability for their role in facilitating  those abuses.   I have informed Secretary Blinken that until substantial steps toward  fulfilling this request are made, I will be blocking all relevant State  Department nominees.   Americans deserve qualified and competent people in positions of  power who put American interests first. If this administration wants to  appease dictators, like they have with the Castro and Diaz-Canal  regimes, I am going to hold them accountable.   Therefore, Madam President, I object.   