 Madam Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 1119, I  call up the bill (S. 2938) to designate the United States Courthouse  and Federal Building located at 111 North Adams Street in Tallahassee,  Florida, as the ``Joseph Woodrow Hatchett United States Courthouse and  Federal Building'', and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate  consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks  and include extraneous material on S. 2938.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.  [[Page H5090]]    Madam Speaker, I rise in support of S. 2938 which designates the  Federal building at 111 North Adams Street in Tallahassee, Florida, as  the Joseph Woodrow Hatchett United States Courthouse and Federal  Building, and the United States Postal Service facility located at 120  4th Street in Petaluma, California, as the Lynn C. Woolsey Post Office  Building.   Born during the days of segregation, Judge Hatchett grew up in  Clearwater, Florida. He graduated from Florida A&M University in 1954  and was commissioned as a second lieutenant in the United States Army.  He entered Howard University School of Law in 1956, and when he took  the Florida bar exam in 1959, Jim Crow regulations prevented him from  staying in the hotel where the test was being administered.   After admission to the Florida bar, Judge Hatchett entered private  practice in Daytona Beach, practicing criminal, civil, administrative,  and civil rights law in State and Federal courts.   A series of judicial appointments that began in 1971 ultimately led  to his placement on the United States Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals by  President Jimmy Carter in 1979, making Judge Hatchett the first Black  man appointed to a Federal appeals court in the Deep South. Judge  Hatchett retired from the bench in 1999 and passed away in April 2021  at the age of 88.   Former Congresswoman Lynn Woolsey brought her unique voice and  experience to the House of Representatives when she won her seat in  1993. Earlier in her life, a divorce had left her supporting three  young children, and she worked at low-paying jobs and received various  forms of public assistance.   Describing herself as the first former welfare mom to serve in  Congress, Woolsey advocated for expanding school breakfast programs;  encouraged girls to study math, science, and engineering; fought  attempts to reduce welfare benefits; sponsored legislation that  required the Internal Revenue Service to help enforce child support  payments; and secured job-protected family leave for family members of  injured soldiers. Woolsey retired from Congress in 2013 after serving  20 years.   Madam Speaker, I support S. 2938, which recognizes two great  Americans: Judge Joseph Hatchett and Representative Lynn Woolsey, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman  from Florida (Ms. Castor).    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Huffman).    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Lawson).    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Florida.    Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support S. 2938,  which recognizes the tremendous contributions of Judge Hatchett and  Representative Woolsey. I yield back the balance of my time.   