 Mr. President, I often speak on the Senate floor about  what I call the ``Oregon Way.'' It is about Oregonians of all  backgrounds setting aside partisan politics and coming together to  build on what makes our State such a wonderful place to live, work,  raise a family, and run a business.   I don't know of anybody who exemplifies and believes in the Oregon  Way more than my friend Duncan Wyse. Duncan is the head of the Oregon  Business Council and the man behind the Oregon Economic Leadership  Summit, which is meeting for the 20th year in just a few days. So on  this 20th anniversary, it is my great pleasure to share a few thoughts  about my friend Duncan and all the good he has done over the years for  the State we both love.   Duncan has always been a humble guy. He has never been the kind to  seek out the spotlight. He will put in all the hard work behind the  scenes if it pays off for Oregon and creates new opportunities for  people to get ahead. He has been incredibly successful in that.   A little bit about the origin of the Leadership Summit. It was back  in the recession of the early 2000s. Oregon's economy, like a lot of  the country, was down in the dumps. The tech bubble had popped.  Unemployment was up. The September 11, 2001, attacks had shaken the  country to its core. Between State and local officials, Members of  Congress, business and community leaders, a lot of us were looking at  every opportunity to get Oregon's economy growing again.   Duncan had the idea that what we needed to do was bring all those  people together at one big event. Get focused. Zero in on the solutions  that would be the most impactful and longest lasting for businesses and  workers all across the State. He and I got in touch, and I told him,  Count me in. I will be your co-founder, I will bring then-Senator  Gordon Smith along, and I will do whatever I need to do to make this a  success.   Nobody had tried this before. I would be blowing smoke if I said we  were confident about it the entire time. At a few points early on, we  probably doubted whether we would get enough people to field a  competitive football game. The idea was, we were hoping for a decent  crowd with at least one representative from each of Oregon's 36  counties. But in the end, that first summit brought together upward of  1,000 people from all over the State.  [[Page S7066]]    It was a huge success, and the summit is now in year 20 because of  Duncan's commitment to the Oregon Way. It remains the premier venue for  bringing Oregonians together to tackle the big economic challenges.   The summit brings together business leaders, local, State, and  Federal elected officials; urban Oregon and rural Oregon; leaders in  the nonprofit sector and community groups; leaders from some of the  biggest and most established companies in the world, like Nike and  Intel, as well as the newest startups and most treasured small  businesses; people who vote Republican and people who vote Democrat.   I don't know of any other event like this one happening anywhere else  in the country. Political disagreements stay at home, and the focus is  on finding practical ways to tackle big challenges.   One of the top priorities at this upcoming summit is bringing more  cutting-edge manufacturing to Oregon, particularly after the passage of  the CHIPS Act.   About a year ago, it was Duncan's idea to create a Semiconductor  Competitiveness Task Force made up of industry leaders and elected  officials. The task force, which I cochaired, worked for several months  to figure out how to cement Oregon's leadership on chips and take  advantage of the Federal chips legislation. We released a report in  August looking at all the key issues and proposing several policy  updates. It is a huge opportunity in terms of creating good-paying jobs  and building on one of Oregon's major economic strengths. It is  something we have got to get right.   The Leadership Summit has tackled equally important issues in years  past. Everything from housing to energy to transportation to education  to rural economic growth. The discussions that happen when we gather  every December help to bring a host of good ideas forward and give  leaders from across the State a sense of common purpose. It sets the  table ahead of the new legislative session.   In a few days people from across Oregon are going to gather in  Portland at the 20th Economic Leadership Summit. Duncan is certainly  not somebody who will seek out a whole lot of applause on that special  anniversary, but he deserves enormous credit for his many years of  service to Oregon. He represents the best of the Oregon Way, and many,  many people in our State are better off as a result of his hard work.  It is my great pleasure to call him a friend, and I look forward to  continuing our work together in the years ahead.   