 Mr. President, in three criminal cases pending in  Federal district court in the District of Columbia and arising out of  the events of January 6, 2021, the prosecution has requested testimony  from Senate witnesses.   In the ongoing trial of Stewart Rhodes, the alleged founder and  leader of the Oath Keepers, and four codefendants, the prosecution has  requested testimony from Virginia Brown, formerly a Senate Chamber  assistant, operating under the authority of the then-Secretary for the  Minority of the Senate and the Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper of the  Senate. In that role, Ms. Brown was a witness to the charged events.  Then-Secretary for the Minority Myrick and Senate Sergeant at Arms  Gibson would like to cooperate with this request by providing relevant  testimony in this trial from Ms. Brown.   In two other cases arising out of the events of January of 6, 2021,  against Jeremy Groseclose and Melody Steele-Smith, in which trials are  scheduled to begin on November 14, 2022, the prosecution has requested  testimony from Daniel Schwager, formerly counsel to the Secretary of  the Senate, concerning his knowledge and observations of the process  and constitutional and legal basis for Congress' counting of the  electoral college votes. The prosecution has also sought testimony, if  necessary, from Nate Russell and Diego Torres, custodians of records in  the Senate Recording Studio, which operates under the authority of the  Senate Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper, to authenticate Senate  Recording Studio video of that day. Senate Secretary Berry and Senate  Sergeant at Arms Gibson would like to cooperate with these requests by  providing relevant testimony in these trials from Messrs. Schwager,  Russell, and Torres, respectively.   In keeping with the rules and practices of the Senate, these  resolutions would authorize the production of relevant testimony from  Ms. Brown in the Rhodes case, and from Messrs. Schwager, Russell, and  Torres in the Groseclose and Steele-Smith cases, with representation by  the Senate legal counsel.   