 Mr. Speaker, a big thank you to Representatives  DeFazio, Napolitano, Graves, Rouzer, and their incredible staff who put  together the Water Resources Development Act of 2022.   There is always talk about congressional dysfunction, and that is  certainly true in the Senate, not here in the House of Representatives.  This is the fifth consecutive biennial WRDA that the House has brought  to the floor since 2014.   The Water Resources Development Act provides key provisions for  Solano and Yolo Counties, the bay area, the Sacramento-San Joaquin  Delta, and all of California's Third Congressional District.   Specifically, the Water Resources Development Act directs the Army  Corps of Engineers to examine the economic and national security  benefits of dredging the Mare Island Strait channel which has not been  studied since 1999. This is the first step in my ongoing efforts to  increase Federal investment into Mare Island and its ship repair  facilities for the U.S. Navy and Coast Guard, including the $13 million  private investment announced by the Mare Island Dry Dock Company.   It also authorizes $50 million for environmentally friendly  infrastructure projects in the five counties comprising the California  Delta. Furthermore, it provides construction and authorizes  construction for the Lower Cache Creek flood risk management project  with the city of Woodland. It doubles Federal funding to $50 million to  support restoration efforts at the Lake Tahoe basin. It requires the  Army Corps to use more dredged sediment for beneficial use and to  restore the San Francisco Bay Area wetlands instead of just dumping the  dredged sediment in the open ocean.   It authorizes the Army Corps' national levee safety initiative to  help manage flood risk across the entire Nation, including more than  200 miles of the Sacramento River which I currently represent.   It makes the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta a new focus area for the  Corps in its effort to combat invasive species. Finally, it directs the  Army Corps to complete long-overdue recommendations to Congress on  finally making water supply a purpose of all Army Corps reservoirs and  related infrastructure, which is a critical change for Western States  like California facing more frequent and severe droughts due to climate  change.   Mr. Speaker, I look forward to working with the chairs, the ranking  members, and my colleagues from both parties to get this timely  legislation to  [[Page H5293]]  President Biden's desk for signature by the end of the calendar year.   