 A felony.    Would the Senator yield?    Thank you. I am struck by your comment that in all  previous situations, the rules have been modified by a change in the  rules that has been done through the rules process because--I would  encourage you to read up on your Senate history--it is just not the  case.   In fact, under Senator Byrd's leadership, nine times this Chamber  changed the interpretation of existing rules, and they didn't do it  through a formal rules change process. They did it with an  interpretation of the Chair being sustained or by reversing the  interpretation of the Chair.   And you have been here when a nuclear option modified the rules. Your  party led the effort to change the requirement for closing debate on  the Supreme Court. And you have been here--or I think you were here;  your colleagues were here--when they changed the rule, not by changing  the rule formally but by reinterpreting it through a nuclear option, in  regard to decreasing the number of hours for debate on district judges.  [[Page S321]]    It also goes back to the fact that your team changed the rules,  without going through the formal rule process, on how reconciliation is  done in order to be able to do tax cuts for the rich. And then Kent  Conrad, on our side, advocated the change back, and your side, in  preparation for the Trump tax cuts in 2017, changed the rule again.   So at least let us understand that both sides--Democrats and  Republicans--have resorted to reinterpreting the rules on various  occasions. Just a point of clarification that your statement was wrong.    Mr. President, I compliment my colleagues from Maine and  Georgia for engaging in perhaps the most substantive exchange I have  ever witnessed in 13 years here in the Senate.   (Applause.)   Earlier this evening, one of my colleagues from across the aisle  said: Why are we going down this road? And there have been similar  questions: Why is this so important? Why is this bill so important?   I will answer simply this: that dark money corrupts elections. If you  and I donate more than $200 to a campaign, we record it, but if  extraordinarily wealthy individuals donate hundreds of millions of  dollars, they can do it with no attribution, corrupting the elections  across this country.   Gerrymandering corrupts the system of equal representation. From the  earliest debates in this Chamber, it was recognized that each of us has  a stake in the integrity of the elections in other States so that the  people of the United States experience equal representation. We do not  have equal representation in the House today, and the gerrymandering  going on now will increase that corruption.   Third and most importantly, the power to vote is the most significant  right, guaranteeing each citizen a voice in the direction of our  democracy. It is the soul of what it means to be a democratic republic.  That power to vote is also the most important check in our system of  checks and balances.   With rigged elections, leaders leaning toward autocracy can keep  themselves in power, but with fair elections, undergirded by a free  press, the people can vote out those autocratic leaders who ignore laws  and undermine our institutions. It is the most important check in  maintaining the integrity of our beloved Republic.   Let's go back in time. The rules of the Senate were forged in the  Confederation Congress experience. Our Founders were engaged, during  the time they were writing our Constitution, in participating in the  Confederation Congress that required a vote of 9 out of 13--two-thirds  plus a bit--in order to pass any law. It prevented them from being able  to pay the pensions of our veterans, and it prevented them from raising  money for Shays' Rebellion.   Our Founders who participated in that process said: This  supermajority has paralyzed our ability to act. With that in mind, they  wrote our Constitution so that legislation would be passed by a simple  majority; that at the end of the debate, when all perspectives were  duly considered, the perspective favored by the larger number would be  accepted rather than the perspective favored by the smaller number.   So our Founders, leaving nothing to chance, warned us in their  writings: Never adopt a supermajority.   They said--and I will quote James Madison--that when ``the general  good might require new laws . . . the principle of free government  would be reversed. It would be no longer the majority that would rule:  [It would be] the power transferred to the minority.'' He went on to  say the result would be ``particular emergencies, to extort  unreasonable indulgences.''    Hamilton said many similar things. ``If a pertinacious minority can  control the opinion of the majority,'' the result will be ``tedious  delays; continual negotiation and intrigue; contemptible . . .  compromises.'' He noted that the ``[supermajority's] real operation is  to embarrass the administration, to destroy the energy of the  government.'' Anyone who has seen the energy drained out of this  Chamber by nothing happening day after day after day when we have  important issues to face can understand just how right the Founders  were.   So in writing up the guidelines and the vision for the initial  Senate, our leaders came up with a Senate code, and that Senate code  was, hear all perspectives--in fact, guaranteeing in rule IV of the  original rules that every Senator would have the right to speak twice  to a question.   In addition, they put into the rules a previous question just in case  they couldn't get the debate to wrap up so they could get to that all- important vote to determine where the greater number stood.   Thomas Jefferson put into the rule book, the manual for the rules in  1801: ``No one is to speak impertinently or beside the question,  superfluously or tediously.''   Hear the debate, consider all perspectives, and take the option the  greater number favored.   That Senate code endured in a powerful fashion for a very long time.  In 1806, Aaron Burr was rewriting the rules, and he said: You know, we  have never needed to use the previous question rule in the book because  we hear every one, we hear those perspectives, we take a vote, and we  go forward. So we don't need the previous question. And it was dropped  from the rule book.   When I hear the folks say the Senate never had a simple majority to  close debate--they had the Senate code, and they had a rule, and then  they said: We don't need the rule because we have the Senate code.   That code continued to endure, and the full understanding of the  Members of this Chamber was they had no right to prevent the Senate  from getting to a final vote.   That code was so powerful that in the mid-1800s, when Senators  started to speak at length in order to make it very difficult to get to  a final vote, the press called it piracy.   You may wonder, where did the term ``filibuster'' come from? That  term is a corruption of the term ``freebooter,'' the term for  ``piracy.'' The piracy was Senators breaking the Senate code. That was  the piracy. But, still, it happened on rare occasion, and the code was  stretched but not really broken through the 1800s, except on civil  rights.   What happened in our history on civil rights? Well, you had John C.  Calhoun leading the nullification movement that said: Hey, States don't  have to accept any given Federal law. They can choose and pick which  ones they want.  [[Page S344]]    Initially, that nullification movement was in order to block laws  that put tariffs on imported products that strengthened the North and  cost more funds to the South, increased the prices of goods, but then  it turned to the question of protecting slavery. Nullification  continued and even went so far as to say States should have the right  to secede if they don't like those Federal laws. Then we had a civil  war over that question, and that was the end of nullification, but it  was not the end of attacks on civil rights.   So what did we see after the Civil War? We saw a group of States make  it harder for individuals to register to vote. We saw a group of States  make it hard for Black Americans to get public accommodations. We saw a  group of States make it easier to reenslave Black Americans under the  Black code, utilizing the slavery clause of the 13th Amendment.   Congress responded, the House responded, this Senate responded and  said: No. We are here to defend the Constitution, that every person is  created equal, and every person's rights must be protected.   That is what this Chamber, the Senate, did in 1875.   The House passed the Civil Rights Act on public accommodations,  guaranteeing access to all public accommodations for all Americans. The  House voted 152 to 99. It came to the Senate, and the Senate voted 38  to 26, a simple majority.   Although there were Senators here who desperately hated public  accommodation bills because it would end discrimination in the South,  they did not filibuster because the Senate code said that after all  views are heard, you can hold a simple majority vote.   The Senate code held, but it didn't hold in 1891. In 1890, Henry  Cabot Lodge, down the hall in the House, introduced what became known  as the Lodge bill. It said: In order to protect the foundation of our  Nation, there can be Federal supervision upon request to make sure  registration is fair, to make sure the voting process is fair, and to  make sure the counting process is fair.   The bill came here to the Senate, and a bipartisan group filibustered  that bill, southern Democrats and western Senators known as the Silver  Senators. They were anxious to get onto a bill about silver coinage to  support the silver mining in the West. That bill was eventually tabled.   In 1891, the Senate code was broken on civil rights and continued to  be broken through 1965. In 1922, the Dyer Anti-Lynching Act was  filibustered. In 1934, the Costigan-Wagner anti-lynching act was  filibustered. In 1942, the anti-poll tax bill that put a price on being  able to access the ballot box--it was filibustered. And on and on.   With the exception of a 1-week delay in a bill for arming commercial  ships in 1917, virtually every filibuster denied Black Americans the  right to vote because in lieu of nullification, there had to be a  strategy for certain Senators to make sure that Black Americans didn't  get their civil rights. That is the sorry chapter of that part of our  American history. Three generations through it, 1965 paid the price of  denying opportunities.   The Senate code on every other issue essentially survived until 1971,  within our lifetimes. In 1971, we started to see the filibuster go to  not just 1 or 2 filibusters a year but to 12, a dozen--imagine that-- and in 1974 to 32. That was just so outrageous because each one takes  up a week, and so this Senate said: That is unacceptable, so we must  reform the rules. It led to the March 1975 rule reform where they went  from two-thirds of those voting to 60 Members voting.   Well, the result is, that law backfired. To quickly look at it,  cloture on amendments--each one taking up a week--expanded from some 6  times in the entire decade of the 1960s to 143 times in the 2010s.   For a motion to proceed, which is the ability to prevent debate from  ever happening--the filibuster to promote debate was used to kill  debate on the motion to proceed. It was used 10 times in the 1960s and  175 times in the 2010s. And, on nominations, it went from once in the  1960s to 545 times in the 2010s.    How did it happen that it expanded in the 2010s? Well, it happened  because a Republican minority decided that they were going to obstruct  as many of President Obama's nominations as possible. And the Democrats  did the same thing to President Trump.   Each one of these takes up a week, an intervening day, 30 hours of  debate, another hour of debate for every other Senator who wants to  speak who didn't get to--every single one. So when you have over 100 of  these a year, it is impossible to have a Senate that works. The Senate  has been broken.   And perhaps the top champion of breaking the Senate is the minority  leader, who has engaged in the tactic of delay and obstruction, arguing  he wanted to make sure--his top priority was making sure President  Obama was never reelected, and stopping him from having an agenda and  stopping him from putting people into office was the strategy. And  Democrats took much the same approach to President Trump. So we have  both done it, but the Senate is blown up now.   In that original Congress, the Senate, the first term, it said there  were about four Cabinet members to confirm, plus Ambassadors and some  judges--four. We have over a thousand positions now. It is completely  out of sync. The gears don't match.   And every time there is a filibuster on a nomination, it is another  week lost. So the Senate is now paralyzed because here is the  interesting prospect and the unfortunate reality of 60 votes. The  interesting prospect is that a majority of less than 60 has to reach  out to the minority to get something done. And that sounds like it is  going to increase cooperation and negotiation, but the unfortunate  reality, in our tribal, partisan politics, is the minority looks at  that and says: If we can hold 41 Senators from agreeing to close  debate, we can paralyze the majority. The overwhelming impact is  paralysis and accentuation of partisanship of our current filibuster.   Today's debate, it is not about filibuster versus no filibuster; it  is about fixing a broken Senate. It is about the difference, as my  colleague from Virginia has said, from the secret, no-show filibuster  to the public, talking filibuster.   Before 1975, people who wanted to extend debate had to actually  debate. What a notion. They had to show up. And that is painful and  difficult to maintain continuous debate, and so there is an incentive  to negotiate. But when there is a no-show, no-effort filibuster, where  those who say they want to debate are off on vacation because 60 votes  is required with or without them, there is no incentive to negotiate.   So if you believe the Senate should be a place that encourages  negotiation, we need a public filibuster, not a secret, silent  filibuster. If you believe that the public should be able to  participate in our process, we need not a secret, silent filibuster but  a public, talking filibuster. We are here, day after day, week after  week. We are debating the issue. We are raising amendments. We are  considering amendments. And what is the result? The citizens weigh in.  They say: Finally, they are considering it. Finally, they are debating  it. Finally, they are going to take a vote. Now we can weigh in  effectively in this moment.   So this is about restoring, reinvigorating debate, restoring the  public role, creating an incentive to negotiate, creating an incentive  for both sides to work to reach an accommodation.   Now, my Republican friends have made much today of Democrats signing  a letter saying that they are determined to ``preserve the ability of  Members to engage in extended debate''--interesting--``preserve the  ability of Members to engage in extended debate.'' To preserve the  ability to engage in extended debate means we need the talking, public  filibuster, not the secret, silent filibuster which requires no debate  at all. So, to my Republican colleagues who signed this letter, this is  your opportunity to do what you said. Vote for the principle that the  majority leader is going to be laying out forthwith.   So, colleagues, if you believe in the Founders' vision of this  Senate, of hearing everyone and hearing everyone well but eventually  getting to a final bill; if you believe in the Senate code, which stood  up for so long, not even needing a rule to enforce it, except for civil  rights it held up through 1971; if you want more debate and you want  people who want a debate to have to show up to debate, support the  talking filibuster.  [[Page S345]]    If you believe there should be an incentive for both the majority and  minority to negotiate, support the talking filibuster. If you believe  the public should have the ability to see us debating issues, then  support the talking filibuster.   My colleagues have said: We must defend the minority leverage. Amen  to that. That is why, in 2011, I put forward in this Chamber the  talking filibuster and said we need to defend the minority's right to  participate.   Today, we have another opportunity to defend the minority's  participation, to speak at length for at least twice on any given  question, on through a complex bill. But that, colleagues, depends upon  ending the era of the secret, silent source of partisanship and  paralysis that we currently have and replacing it with the talking,  public filibuster.   I encourage you all to stand today for the Senate to work and for the  Senate, most importantly, to defend the fundamental rights of every  American to access the ballot box.    To my colleague from West Virginia, the challenge that  we have today is that, in the course of Senate debate, it is never  possible to get to a debate on the final question. And the proposal  that the majority leader is putting forward is saying it is time to get  to that final debate, and on that final debate every Senator can speak  twice.   I can tell you, leadership on both sides probably is nervous about  the idea of 100 Senators speaking twice, at length, but the single  innovation of the talking filibuster is to say that there will be a  period of debate in which we will consider final passage with all four  of the mechanisms that currently exist, three that were created at the  foundation--and that is the break in debate and that is the two-speech  rule and that is unanimous consent and the 60 votes that was created in  1975.    The vision, the vision of this----    Excuse me. Go ahead.    What we are voting on now is to go to final passage with  continuous debate, and the majority leader's team has crafted this to  ensure continuous debate.    That would be--had we gotten to the bill and been able  to engage in----    To my colleague from West Virginia, your question is,  What are the characteristics that define continuous debate on final  passage? And it is defined as without interruptions that take us in  other directions than the question of final passage of the bill.   