 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Restoring  Hope for Mental Health and Well-Being Act.   I offer my thanks to Chairman Pallone and Ranking Member Rodgers and  their staffs for their tireless work on this bill. It is yet another  example of the profound good our committee can produce when we work  together in a collaborative and bipartisan fashion.   This strongly bipartisan legislation will take several steps to  improve mental health and substance use care.   Importantly, H.R. 7666 includes my Mainstreaming Addiction Treatment  Act, which will eliminate outdated barriers that prevent more people in  need from having access to buprenorphine, a lifesaving drug. I have  worked on this legislation for years and was pleased to see it advance  out of committee with a strong bipartisan majority.   By passing this legislation, we will vastly expand access to  addiction medicine and move us toward a system of treatment on demand  for those struggling with addiction.   It is not hyperbole to say this is one of the most meaningful steps  that Congress has taken to date to address the opioid epidemic. It will  save countless lives, and I am indeed grateful for the bipartisan push  here to get it over the finish line.   H.R. 7666 also includes a bill that I authored to reauthorize and  strengthen the Substance Use Prevention and Treatment Block Grant,  which serves as the foundation for State's substance use prevention and  treatment programs.   We made important improvements to the block grant, including  clarifying that recovery support services are eligible for funding  through this program.   We are going to keep working to increase funding levels and hopefully  implement a recovery set-aside, ensuring that all States invest in  critical recovery services.   Taken together, the pieces of the Restoring Hope for Mental Health  and Well-Being Act will truly make a difference to families and  communities struggling with mental health and substance use challenges.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support this critically  important legislation that delivers hope to our communities, delivers  hope to the doorstep of our families.    Madam Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the Griffith  amendment. Not only does this amendment needlessly delay the  implementation of the MAT Act by another year, it does so with the  intent of encouraging States to enact more restrictions on  buprenorphine in the interim, running directly contrary to the intent  of the underlying bill.   Let's remember the facts here. We are in the middle of an  unprecedented crisis. Last year alone, 107,000 were taken from us too  early by drug overdoses. One all-too-common theme in these deaths is a  lack of access to  [[Page H5795]]  treatment. Despite being recognized as the gold standard of care that  can cut the risk of overdose in half, only about 1 in 10 individuals  with opioid use disorder received medications like buprenorphine to  treat their addiction. That is a glaring systemic failure.   H.R. 7666 takes a strong step to address that failure by expanding  access to safe and effective addiction treatment through eliminating  the outdated and redundant requirement that healthcare providers obtain  a special waiver from the DEA to prescribe buprenorphine for the  treatment of addiction.   Despite the lifesaving potential this legislation can bring, this  amendment raises concerns about the impact the MAT Act will have on  safety, abuse, and diversion, and I would take a moment to directly  address these concerns.   Let's start with the basic facts on safety.   Unlike heroin and fentanyl that are causing overdose deaths,  buprenorphine is a safe medication that is highly effective at  protecting people from overdose.   Due to its ceiling effect, buprenorphine does not cause people to  feel high and is unlikely to result in substance use disorder or be a  cause of overdose deaths.   With regard to diversion and abuse, the DEA, which is responsible for  policing illicit diversion, has specifically looked at this issue and  found that the primary reason for buprenorphine diversion is the  failure to access legitimate treatment, and that increasing, not  limiting, buprenorphine treatment may be an effective response to  diversion.   Indeed, as buprenorphine access has increased over the last 5 years  through legislation passed by this Congress, misuse of the medication  has decreased.   So I would say that it is important for us to be responsible here. We  are in the midst of a pandemic, an epidemic that is causing great pain,  great suffering, great death, every day, every week. Every moment we  circumvent our responsibilities, someone is paying the price for that.   Madam Speaker, I strongly oppose this amendment.   