 Madam President, I come to the floor today, along with my  colleagues, because Americans are continuing to take a financial hit  with more expensive, less reliable energy resulting from the Biden  administration's harmful energy agenda.   In the middle of the summer travel season, drivers are paying record- high  [[Page S3258]]  prices at the gas pump. Gas is now $4.63 a gallon nationwide and an  average of $4.57 per gallon in my home State of North Dakota. Sky-high  energy prices are fueling record inflation, driving up the cost of  goods across the entire economy.   The current CPI rate came out this morning--9.1 percent--9.1 percent,  the highest in over 40 years. And it hurts every single American--at  the gas pump, at the grocery store, everything they buy. Unbelievable.   Of course, energy is a big part of that inflation. There is an energy  component in every good and service that you get. Electricity prices  have risen 13.7 percent. Natural gas and heating oil prices have  ballooned by 38.4 percent and 98.5 percent, respectively, over the last  year.   In addition to higher prices, the North American Electric Reliability  Corporation, or NERC, warned that homes and businesses across much of  the country are facing higher risk of blackouts and brownouts this  summer. President Biden's energy policies are threatening the economic  well-being of Americans and our national security.   Just a few years ago, our country was producing almost 13 million  barrels per day of oil and consumers benefited from historically low  energy prices. Production has remained down under this administration  at about 11\1/2\ million barrels of production per day. American  families are paying record prices because the Biden administration is  continuing its regulatory onslaught on domestic energy production.   President Biden's energy crisis began with the administration's  moratorium on new energy leases, closing off access to our abundant  taxpayer-owned energy reserves on Federal lands. And for leases that  the energy companies have on Federal lands, they are being held up  either by the administration's bureaucratic redtape that doesn't allow  them to get drilling permits or held up by litigation in the courts.  And this administration continues to hold up our ability to move more  oil and gas across the country by blocking pipelines like the Keystone  XL Pipeline. In 2015, I led a bipartisan effort in Congress to approve  the Keystone XL Pipeline. If the Obama-Biden administration hadn't  vetoed our bill which passed both Houses of Congress, this pipeline  would be operating today and bringing almost a million barrels of oil a  day to our country from our closest friend and ally Canada.    We need to unleash more of our vast energy, our oil and natural gas  reserves, all the energy that this Nation produces--our most critical,  economic, and national security assets. And if we want to truly cut off  the Russian war machine and support our allies, we need to cut off  Putin's ability to sell Russian energy.   A good start would be by passing legislation like my American Energy  Independence From Russia Act, bicameral legislation that I introduced  with nine of my colleagues in the Senate. Our commonsense approach  takes immediate action to encourage more U.S. energy production,  including things like increasing access to taxpayer-owned energy  reserves on Federal land, authorizing the construction and operation of  the Keystone XL Pipeline--vital infrastructure to move energy safely  around the country--and removing regulatory hurdles to increase  liquefied natural gas facilities and exports.   Each additional barrel of oil we produce here at home replaces  production from Russia and other adversaries, countries that also have  little to no environmental standards. Each additional barrel we produce  at home helps reduce prices and lower inflation for the American  people.   Instead of asking Saudi Arabia for help--and as you know, the  President is on a trip to do that right now--or going to places or  asking for help from adversaries like Iran or for energy from  Venezuela, President Biden should be empowering our domestic producers  to restore and grow our supply of energy here at home.   The solution is simple. The Biden administration needs to take the  handcuffs off domestic energy production because more supply is needed  to bring down prices. That is just common sense, and the American  people know it. The American people need that relief now.   I yield the floor.   