 Mr. President, first of all, while Senator Blunt and  Senator Stabenow are still on the floor, I want to thank both of them  for their extraordinary leadership on this mental health issue.   I am so pleased that the Bipartisan Safer Communities Act includes  robust provisions to deal with community mental health.   I have worked with Senator Stabenow on the Senate Finance Committee.  I know her passion on this issue. We have put together bipartisan  working groups that are dealing with a lot of different issues in  regards to mental health. A lot of that has to do with pediatric mental  health, which is very much engaged in the bill that we have before us  today. And a lot of those provisions have been incorporated into the  legislation before us.   But what you have done on these certified behavioral health centers  to be able to have the pilot programs and now to be able to expand them  to more communities, to have a 24/7 facility that is available that is  included in this legislation, that is going to make a real difference  in people's lives.   So I just really want to thank both of you for your tremendous  contributions on this issue. Senator Stabenow, I want you to know,  through the Chair, I agree with you in regards to Senator Blunt. We are  going to miss his personal presence here on the U.S. Senate floor, but  we know that we will be able to continue on having his friendship and  counsel on so many issues that have affected us.   And if my friend from Kentucky would allow me just a few more  minutes, I would like to make a couple comments about the underlying  bill. I know that he is scheduled to speak.    After the horrific shooting in Uvalde where innocent  children were murdered, inaction was not an option. Congress had to do  something substantive to help stem the epidemic of gun violence that is  scarring our communities daily. For this reason, for all the victims of  gun violence who may not make the headlines every day, I was proud to  vote today in favor of the Bipartisan Safer Communities Act.   The Senate is taking an important step forward today to break the  decades-long gridlock on gun safety. Legislation will save lives by  boosting funding for community violence intervention and prevention  initiatives like those underway in Baltimore.   It strengthens protection for victims of domestic violence by adding  convicted domestic violence abusers to background checks.   It creates a new source of funding for States to implement red flag  laws which help to keep weapons out of the hands of dangerous  individuals who should not have access to a firearm.   It cracks down on criminals who tried to evade licensing requirements  and makes clear which gun sellers need to register, conduct background  checks, and keep appropriate records. It strengthens the background  check process for those under 21 seeking to buy firearms, by ensuring  that officials have access to juvenile and mental health records.   The bipartisan legislation also provides much needed mental health  resources to communities by providing funding to improve and expand  access to mental health services. It includes policies from the MENTAL  Health for Kids and Underserved Act and the Senate Finance Committee  Bipartisan Mental Health Working Group telehealth discussion draft led  by Senator Thune and me to improve telehealth services for students  with Medicaid and CHIP.   Increasing resources for mental health services are critical, but it  is important that we not conflate mental illness and gun violence. And  I heard Senator Blunt talk about that. Not every instance of gun  violence is connected to mental illness, and not every mental health  crisis prompts the use of a weapon.   To that end, the COVID-19 pandemic has made abundantly clear that our  children need additional mental health resources offered in schools. We  must  [[Page S3124]]  also significantly increase the pipeline of individuals willing to  serve in those school-based mental health service positions.   This legislation addresses that challenge head on and provides  supplemental funding to both train new school-based mental health  service providers and provide students with the specific mental health  services they require.   While not able to meet the needs of every school currently without  counselors or mental health professionals, this bill will make  significant strides to ensure that a significantly greater percentage  of students have access to mental health services.   The legislation we pass in the Senate soon will save lives and help  keep our communities safer, but there are many more reasonable steps we  can and should take, consistent with the Second Amendment rights of  law-abiding citizens.    I will continue to strongly support the establishment of universal  background checks for all gun purchases, the banning of assault weapons  and high-capacity magazine clips from private ownership, and raising  the minimum age to 21 to buy assault weapons, in the absence of a ban.   The Senate should also act quickly to confirm the nomination of  Steven Dettelbach to be the director of Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco,  Firearms, and Explosives. The ATF has not had a permanent Senate- confirmed director since 2015, and the Agency is sorely overdue for  permanent leadership who can carry out its critical mission to stem the  illegal use and trafficking of firearms, among other important  priorities.   To that end, let me point out I am a cosponsor of the Background  Check Expansion Act, which would require checks for all gun sales,  including those by unlicensed sellers; the Assault Weapons Ban Act,  which would generally ban the sale, manufacture, transfer, and  importation of assault weapons; the Background Check Completion Act,  which would eliminate the Charleston loophole that allows for a sale to  go forward if a check is not completed within 3 days; the Keep  Americans Safe Act, which prohibits the importation, sale, manufacture,  transfer, or possession of magazines that hold more than 10 rounds of  ammunition.   The Bipartisan Safer Communities Act, which we can and will pass,  will save lives, but there is still more work that we should do to keep  our students and our communities safe.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I rise today to congratulate the  University of Maryland's Men's Lacrosse Team for winning the NCAA  Division 1 championship. The Terrapins completed an historic undefeated  season, winning 18 games--an NCAA record for the most victories in a  season without a loss. The perfect season culminated with a 9-7 victory  over Cornell University for the national championship.   Lacrosse is the oldest organized team sport in North America, dating  back among Indigenous communities to 1100 AD. Jesuit missionaries in  Canada documented the Mohawk people playing the game in 1757. Here in  the United States, lacrosse is popular nationwide, but New York and  Maryland remain the ``hotbeds'' of lacrosse. The game became popular in  the Baltimore area in the 1890s. The NCAA began hosting a tournament to  determine the national champion in 1971. In the 51 years since then-- there was no tournament in 2020 because of the COVID-19 pandemic--the  Terps have won four national championships, Johns Hopkins University-- JHU--has won nine, and Loyola University Maryland has won one. Maryland  universities have been national champion or runner-up in 37 of the 51  years the NCAA has hosted the tournament.   The Terps' championship season was particularly sweet, coming on the  heels of a one-goal loss to the University of Virginia--UVA--in last  year's championship match. That was the team's only loss last season;  over the last 2 years, the Terps have gone 33-1. This year' team was  the first Division 1 team to go undefeated since 2006 and just the  fourth undefeated team over the past 30 years, joining UVA, JHU, and  Princeton in that exalted club. The championship is the second for head  coach John Tillman, who has guided the Terps to the NCAA tournament all  11 years he has been the head coach.   Lacrosse is truly a team sport. There are a few players, however,  whose contributions deserve special recognition. Logan Wisnauskas-- attack--became the first Terp to record 100 points in a single season  and then went on to win the Tewaaraton Award as the Nation's top  collegiate player after a 61 goal, 42 assist, 103 point season. Anthony  DeMaio--midfield--scored the 100th goal of his career during the  national championship game and scored 17 goals in the postseason. He  scored three straight goals during a span of 2:09--and four overall for  his fifth hat trick in his last six games--as Maryland ended the first  quarter on a 4-0 run to take a lead the team would not relinquish.  Goalie Logan McNaney was the 2022 NCAA Tournament's Most Outstanding  Player, making 17 saves against Cornell and 61 saves in the tournament.  Wisnauskas, DeMaio, McNaney, Luke Wierman--faceoff--and Ajax  Zappitello--defense--were named to the NCAA All-Tournament Team.   I congratulate all the players, coaches, and staff for guiding the  Terps through a season for the record books and making all Marylanders  proud. The players are: Noah Beacham, Colin Burlace, Jack Brennan, B.J.  Burlace, Chace Cope, Joshua Coffman, Jonathan Donville, Anthony DeMaio,  Bubba Fairman, Gabe Goforth, John Geppert, Garrett Gibbons, Jake  Higgins, Geordy Holmes, Matthew Kopp, Charlie Koras, Keegan Khan, Jack  Koras, Shea Keethler, Daniel Kelly, Kyle Long, Eric Malever, Drew  Morris, Logan McNaney, Jackson Marshall, Daniel Maltz, Brett Makar,  Jack McDonald, Owen Murphy, Roman Puglise, Owen Prybylski, Matt Rahill,  Michael Roche, Nick Redd, King Ripley, Eric Spanos, Ryan Siracusa, Alex  Smith, Westin Schmidt, Justin Sherrer, Gavin Tygh, Kevin Tucker, Logan  Wisnauskas, Zach Whittier, Alex Wicks, Dawson Wynne, Luke Wierman, and  Ajax Zappitello.   The coaches are: John Tillman, head coach; Bobby Benson, assistant  coach; Jesse Bernhardt, assistant coach; and Carroll Kennedy, volunteer  assistant coach. The staff includes: Tim Ahner, equipment manager;  Heather Arianna, academic adviser; Anthony Benyarko, MS, ATC, CES-- athletic trainer; Colleen Carrion, MS, RD, CDN, CSSD--sports nutrition;  Ben Hoffman, strength and conditioning; Clara Hollander, director of  operations; Sharle Kekuewa, marketing strategy and fan experience; Eric  Mantz, facilities, operations and events; Josh Schmidt, media  relations; Sydnee Strong, student-athlete development; and Brian  Thornburg, development.   