 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Pennsylvania for  yielding. First of all, opposing the previous question, the bill that  is going to be coming up later is a very partisan bill. We could  actually bring up the Senate bill for our veterans that passed the  Senate unanimously. Imagine in these times when a bill passed the  Senate unanimously, and Democrats in the majority won't even bring that  bill up, which clearly is the way to help our veterans.   But there is something more important that we can do today, dealing  with the crisis in Ukraine. There are many crises in America, but in  Ukraine Putin is running roughshod over the people of Ukraine, carpet  bombing cities. One of the ways he is fueling his war is with oil that  America and other countries are buying because President Biden took  American energy off the table.   There are very specific things President Biden does that if we reject  this previous question, we can turn around and bring up this  legislation by my colleagues, the gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs.  Rodgers) and the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Westerman), that  actually open up American energy and take leverage away from Putin and  also take billions of dollars away from Putin that he is using to  finance the war.    Let's talk about a few of those very specific things we can do with  rejecting the previous question to bring up this important energy  legislation. When President Biden came in office, he did a number of  very specific things to undermine American energy. Not energy all over  the world. He is begging OPEC and Russia to produce more oil. Think how  tone deaf that is, begging Russia to produce more oil. Let's open up  our American energy reserves that President Biden shut off. Let's  approve LNG exports so we can help Europe get energy from America, not  from Russia. President Biden hasn't approved a single LNG facility in  over a year or pipeline. Let's get rid of the red tape that they are  using. Do you know that Russia right now is making $700 million a day  by selling oil to America, EU, and U.K.? $700 million a day to fund his  war against Ukraine. Let's end it by opening up American energy  reserves. Reverse all these radical policies by President Biden that  are emboldening Putin. Let's reject this.   