 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1808, the  Assault Weapons Ban, legislation that will help reduce the gun  massacres being committed in our communities by weapons of war.   These military-style weapons were designed for the battlefield for  maximum efficiency when a soldier is engaged in combat.   And the military features banned by this bill are added to make these  guns more accurate, more controllable, more concealable, and more  deadly, enabling killers to murder as many people as possible as  quickly as possible.   These weapons have no place in our communities. They turn our  streets, our schools, our grocery stores, our movie theaters, and  hospitals into bloody battlefield scenes, and they kill our children,  our friends, our neighbors, and the police officers trying to protect  them.   In 2016 and 2017 alone, more than two dozen officers were slain in  the line of duty by an assault weapon. One in five officers is killed  in the line of duty by these weapons, which is why the Major City  Police Chiefs Association endorses this legislation.   Yet for nearly 18 years, we failed to take action to stop them from  flooding into our communities and being used time and time and time  again in mass shootings.   It is unconscionable that anyone can walk into a store and legally  purchase a weapon capable of inflicting the carnage we have seen in  Highland Park, in Buffalo, in Uvalde, in Atlanta, in Sutherland  Springs, in Las Vegas, in Orlando, in Parkland, and the list goes on  and on.   Today, the House is finally taking a long overdue and necessary step  to reinstitute a ban on these exceptionally dangerous weapons.   We didn't just come up with this proposal out of thin air and propose  it, the original assault weapons ban was in place from 1994 to 2004,  and we have clear evidence that it was effective in reducing these  killings.   Compared with the decade before its adoption, the 1994 assault  weapons ban was associated with a 25 percent drop in gun massacres and  a 40 percent drop in fatalities.   As soon as the ban expired, fatalities and shootings skyrocketed  again.   When an assault weapon is used during a mass shooting, six times as  many people are shot.   Today, I am imploring my colleagues to take action to get these  weapons of war designed for maximum destruction of human life off our  streets.   Let me be clear: I respect the Second Amendment, but it is not  without limits. Imagine if we clung to the desire to protect our  children and our communities as tightly as some of my colleagues cling  to their rifles.   There are more guns than people in this country, more mass shootings  than days in the year. This is a uniquely American problem.   This bill won't stop all gun violence, but it will effectively  decrease it.   Because they were designed for military combat, these weapons don't  just kill, they decimate. The shots fired can tear a softball-sized  wound into a victim.   We know how we can reduce the suffering. Researchers estimate if we  still had a Federal assault weapons ban, we would see a 70 percent  decline in mass shooting deaths. Let that sink in. If the ban had  remained in effect, 70 percent of the families torn apart by these  massacres would still have their loved ones.   We can't bring back 70 percent of these victims to their families and  friends, but we can work to prevent more carnage moving forward.   Let me end by saying this: In my faith tradition, we were taught that  whoever destroys a soul it is considered as if they destroyed an entire  world; and whoever saves a life, it is considered as if they saved an  entire world.   Let's come together to save lives. Pass this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Clerk be  authorized to make technical corrections in the engrossment of H.R.  1808, to include corrections in section numbers, punctuation, spelling,  and cross-references, and to make such other technical and conforming  changes as may be necessary to reflect the actions of the House.   