 Mr. President, as it turns out, I rise to echo the  sentiments of my colleague, the distinguished Senator from the State of  Illinois.   The Senate is prepared to finally begin debating a targeted version  of the jobs and competition bill that many of us have been working on  for more than a year, and I rise today to urge my colleagues not to  waste any more time in getting this important bill across the finish  line. We should not allow politics to get in the way of the people's  work.   As a voice in the Senate for my home State of Georgia, I cannot  stress enough how critical it is for us to get this bill done for our  national security  [[Page S3348]]  and to keep our economy competitive against global actors like the  Chinese Communist Party and to lower rising costs for hard-working  families all across Georgia and all across our country.   Now, I know that there might be disappointment from some of my  colleagues that we are not able to pass the more robust package right  now that we have been working on and negotiating since last April. And,  honestly, I share that disappointment.   As both a member of the Commerce Committee and a member of the  committee that has been negotiating the final competition bill, I have  been working hard to secure several priorities for Georgia in that  package, and I am not about to stop fighting for those priorities.   I am going to keep fighting to get investments and policies like  funding for regional tech hubs, for STEM education--an education  program that invests in all of our children, in all of our young  people--and workforce development passed into law.   But let me be clear: Passing a bill that will strengthen domestic  production of one of our country's most valuable resources,  semiconductors or chips, is a crucial opportunity to invest in the  economy, invest in our security, and our future. And we cannot wait  another minute.   I want to shine a spotlight on this because I have heard from  Georgians about the importance of this legislation and, specifically,  investing and making more chips here in the United States. We know that  chips are essential components in the products that support thousands  of good-paying jobs in Georgia, not to mention things like cars, cell  phones, computers, vacuum cleaners, ATMs. Chips are all around us, a  host of products we rely on every single day.   And we know that our chips supply chains are under significant  strain, both from production limits and geopolitical threats. But what  you may not know is how these issues directly affect workers and  companies on the ground all across the State of Georgia--companies like  Kia, which has a thriving facility out in West Point, GA, about halfway  between Atlanta and Montgomery, AL, on I-85. Semiconductors are  essential to the manufacturing of the roughly 340,000 vehicles Kia  produces in Georgia every year. At least twice in the past year, this  facility, which I have visited on more than one occasion, has had to  stop work at the plant because they didn't have enough chips.   They had to stop working, not because they didn't have enough  customers, but because they didn't have enough chips. I visited that  West Point facility, and I met with some of those workers. And I can  tell you that the last thing that those workers need is to miss days  off work and money out of their paychecks because we don't manufacture  enough of the materials that they work with every single day.   And it is not just car manufacturers in Georgia. The chip shortage is  hurting our State's economy in myriad ways, big and small. For  instance, Stephen Milner is the CEO of Planters Telephone Cooperative,  a member-owned telecommunications provider in Screven County that does  broadband expansion, as well as broadband maintenance.   Stephen's company needs equipment to do that work that requires  semiconductors, and as he explained recently in the Atlanta Journal  Constitution, it has become harder to expand telephone and internet  services to new businesses and homes in the rural communities he  services because his company can't guarantee that it will get the parts  needed to complete the job.   So think about that. The chip shortage isn't just hurting jobs and  bottom lines; it is hobbling our ability to expand rural broadband. And  farmers all across Georgia will tell you that you can't even farm  efficiently without a good broadband connection.   And so this is devastating, especially for rural Georgians. And if we  don't act soon, it will get worse. We have got to ensure that all of  our citizens can take full advantage of every opportunity in our  changing economy. And this is a problem we can solve. We can solve it.   The only thing that gets in the way of this right now is politics.  And so we have got to pass this bill. If we produced more chips here at  home, it would boost domestic manufacturing, ease supply chain issues,  and help begin to lower rising costs for goods that families are  experiencing in Georgia and around the country. Why wouldn't we want to  take steps to drive down costs for hard-working families right now? We  work for them.   Lastly, this bill contains provisions I fought for that will expand  these tax incentives to companies down the semiconductor supply chain,  supporting economic engines like the high-tech semiconductor plant  being built in Covington, GA, that will create 400 new jobs.   There are real economic consequences for people in my State if we do  not pass this chips bill and make these investments. These are the  human faces of the public policy that we would pass. But that is not  the only reason we need to get this bill done as urgently as possible.   It also bears repeating that passing this legislation is critical to  our national security and strengthening our competitiveness against  global actors like the Chinese Communist Party. Chips are used in  technology critical to our national security.   According to a 2020 report from the Semiconductor Industry  Association, in 1990--listen--in 1990, the United States represented a  37 percent share of the world's chip manufacturing capacity. Today,  that number is 12 percent--from 37 percent to 12 percent.   I submit that that is unacceptable, and it is a threat to our  national security. As we have heard from Defense Secretary Austin,  Commerce Secretary Raimondo, and other administration officials, we are  at a tipping point--a tipping point--where international companies are  making significant decisions about where they are investing their  capital and putting down roots.   In fact, we have already seen several of these entities hesitate to  invest in American manufacturing due to inaction and political  gamesmanship right here in Washington.   So our ability to rise to this occasion will demonstrate whether the  United States is willing to cede the innovation and economic higher  ground to the Chinese Communist Party or whether we will stand up to  the People's Republic of China and reinvest in the manufacturing and  innovation prowess that has made America a lone superpower for decades.   I submit that if we fail to pass this bill immediately, we will set  back America's competitiveness for a generation or more. This critical  moment requires all of us to put the country above politics. Imagine  that: Put the country above politics. Put hard-working American  families who are doing the best they can right now above politics and  strengthen our Nation's competitiveness.   And so I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the strong chips  legislation, and let's ensure that the next century, like the 20th  century, is the American century.   I yield the floor.   