 Madam President, oftentimes when we talk rising crime,  we talk about statistics. For example, last year in Milwaukee, there  were 194 murders.   As I prepared to give remarks yesterday, I got the stat that there  were 26 murders already this year. That is an 86-percent increase.  Unfortunately, last night there were two more murders, and now it is up  to 28.   Seventy-three law enforcement officers were intentionally killed in  the line of duty last year. That is the highest it has been since 1995.   We had three police officers shot in a 2-week period at the end of  January. Those are just some of the statistics, and I am sure you have  heard a lot more on the floor here today. But one thing I don't think  we talk about enough are the victims.   I heard President Biden's Press Secretary, Jen Psaki, last week. I  guess she was monitoring different TV stations, and she remarked that  one commentator was talking about soft-on-crime consequences, and she  giggled and said what does that even mean?   Well, I will talk about what it means. An excellent article in the  Just the News a couple days ago had some heartbreaking examples of  those consequences.   Last week, we held an event about the open border, about the catch- and-release policies of this administration, record levels of people  coming into this country illegally and what that represents from a  standpoint of national security and homeland security and crime.   In Alabama's Chilton County, two illegal immigrants, ages 27 and 28,  have been charged in the murders of three adults found shot and burned  in an SUV.   In another recent case, a Florida father who believed he was taking  in a 16-year-old migrant minor from Honduras, a Good Samaritan, was  killed by that migrant who turned out to be much older and involved in  crime.   In Florida, a 5-year-old girl riding in her mother's car was crushed  to death when an illegal immigrant from Honduras crashed into the car.  The driver admitted he got into the car after drinking six cans of 32- ounce beers.    In Harris County, TX, an illegal immigrant from El Salvador is  charged with exiting his vehicle during a routine traffic stop and  fatally shooting the sheriff's deputy in the face.   Those are just a few examples of the consequences of soft-on-crime  policies. Those are crimes that were committed by illegal immigrants  that take advantage of the catch-and-release policies on the border.   But we are not only just experiencing catch-and-release on the  southern border, we also have catch-and-release in our criminal justice  system--these no-bail, low-bail policies promoted by generally Democrat  district attorneys in cities governed for decades by Democrats.   We had a tragedy in Waukesha, WI. It never should have happened. This  was during the Waukesha Christmas parade, when children lined up on the  street, on the curb, waiting to see Santa Claus--instead they saw a  slaughter. Six innocent people lost their lives. Sixty-two people were  injured--their lives forever altered.   And it didn't have to happen because the murderer had been let out on  a thousand-dollar bail after having run over the mother of his child  with that same SUV. That is the result--that crime, those 6 innocent  victims, those 62 innocent victims who were injured, their family  members, their loved ones are the consequences of soft-on-crime  policies of Democratic governance.   So as horrific as those 6 murders were, as horrific as the 62  injuries were, what I can't get out of my mind are those little  children sitting on the curb waiting to see Santa and instead  witnessing the slaughter. How do they ever recover from that? Is that  something that Jen Psaki ever thinks  [[Page S593]]  about? Is that something that President Biden ever thinks about?   As Jen giggles about the consequences, these are serious  consequences. We need to get tough on crime. We need to put violent  criminals in jail and leave them in jail so they don't create more  victims.   I yield the floor.   