 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, just imagine: It is a Tuesday night  in October. The shuffle of shoes screech across the waxed court, the  buzzer sounds, and the crowd erupts in cheers as the home team scores  the winning point. Clinching the first-place title, the home team  gathers at center court, each player grinning from ear to ear. The  excitement is tangible. It was a hard-fought season and a well-earned  first-place title. The trophy is presented, pictures are taken, and  team members high-five each other as fans charge the court to  congratulate the winning team.   What I just described are the final seconds of a high school girls'  basketball game. Those who have witnessed a buzzer-beater win know  there is nothing like it. For the players, the fans, the parents, and  all involved, it is a prized moment and a memory that will never be  forgotten. But it is not just a memory; it is a valuable learning  experience.   Over the span of a year, teammates dedicate hundreds of hours of  late-night and early morning practices. They overcome conflicts. They  work together. They practice self-discipline. They perfect their craft.  And they knew, if they gave it all, they would have a chance to be  victorious with all this hard work and effort.   I saw these learning experiences unfold time and time again  throughout my 40-year career as a coach, educator, and mentor. A great  deal has changed in the world of women's athletics since I began my  career coaching high school girls' basketball almost 40 years ago. What  an experience.   Almost 50 years ago, female athletics received less than 2 percent of  college athletic budgets, and athletic scholarships for women were  virtually nonexistent. Only 1 in 27 girls participated in  intercollegiate sports in the United States 50 years ago--1 in 27.   Since the 1970s, female participation in sports at the collegiate  level has risen by more than 600 percent, and today 43 percent of the  high school girls whom we have in school today participate in sports,  up from 5 percent 50 years ago.   These strides in women's athletics did not just happen by  circumstance. They are the result of title IX protections passed by  Congress in 1972 in this very room where we are today. Title IX  provided females a long-denied platform that had always been afforded  to males only. It ensured female athletes had the same access to  funding, facilities, and athletic scholarships. That was title IX.   It is an unquestionable truth that biological males have a  physiological advantage over females. Title IX acknowledged that truth  for the benefit of women's athletics. To break it down even more, one  study states: On average, males have 40 to 50 percent greater upper  limb strength, 20 to 40 percent greater lower limb strength, and an  average of 12 pounds more skeletal muscle mass than age-matched females  at any given body weight.   Title IX sent an incredible--incredible--message to female athletes  across the Nation. That message was: You can compete; you can win; and  you will be afforded a fair and level playing field to do so. Because  of these reasons, decades later, we know title IX has been a monumental  success for female athletes across this country.   As the 50th anniversary of title IX approaches at the end of this  month, we should be celebrating female athletes who were given the  opportunity to win first place, to learn the life lessons sports  teaches each individual, and to overcome obstacles and reach their God- given potential. We should be asking ourselves how we can preserve  title IX so female athletes 50 years from now can experience the same  euphoric feeling of hard work and hard-earned victory.   But, unfortunately, with the Biden administration's proposal, in the  next few weeks, we will lose title IX protections for female athletes  as we know it. Later this month, it is expected that President Biden's  Department of Education will publish a proposed rule to change title IX  to align more with the administration's progressive agenda.   These proposed changes would require schools to allow biological  males to compete in women's sports. It would take a wrecking ball to  five decades of title IX success and tilt what was a level playing  field to the far left. With the Biden administration's proposal, female  athletes will lose. We cannot allow title IX's protections for female  athletes to be eroded. It has been too much of a success.   I plan to continue leading efforts against this misguided policy to  ensure no Federal action will negatively impact female athletes.  Recently, I have spoken with numerous female athletes  [[Page S2776]]  who were able to compete and win because of title IX. Additionally, I  introduced an amendment to prohibit Federal funding to schools that  allow biological males to compete in women's sports.   I have also repeatedly called for the Senate to pass the Protection  of Women and Girls in Sports Act, legislation I helped introduce that  would ensure the definition of ``sex'' in title IX is based on ``solely  a person's reproductive biology and genetics at birth'' and prohibit  Federal funding to institutions that do not uphold that definition.   Just last week, I sent a letter to U.S. Department of Education  Secretary Cardona, warning the administration to rethink this rule  change. The Biden administration's title IX rule flies in the face of  the so-called science that Democrats are quick to pledge their  allegiance to by ignoring the scientific differences in biological  makeup of male and female athletes. Apparently, science only holds  water when it conforms to the Democrats' partisan agenda.   Allowing biological males to compete in women's sports will set  women's rights back 50 years to a time before title IX. It will  discourage young girls from entering the court, jumping in the pool,  walking on the field because they will know they will have to compete  with the deck stacked against them; they can only hope to win second  place, at best.   So the bottom line is that there is really no pregame speech or  halftime talk you can give to a woman or a girl who feels like they  aren't competing on a fair playing field, like 50 years ago. With this  proposed rule, girls will be playing for second.   The Biden administration should do the right thing and rethink their  decision that would destroy female athletics as we know it today.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   