 Mr. President, I rise today to condemn the enormous  Russian military buildup on the Ukrainian border, and the Kremlin's  reckless policies of coercion as it seeks to reimpose a new iron  curtain on the European continent. Moscow wants to secure an  unwarranted sphere of influence that would enable Russia to determine  by fiat the fate and the policies of other sovereign state--most  immediately in Ukraine, whose people and government desire further  integration into Europe and trans-Atlantic institutions   Make no mistake about it--the Putin regime's actions threaten not  only our friends in Ukraine. They are also an assault on the principles  of the Helsinki Final Act, the foundation of European security, which  today is enshrined in the Organization on Security and Cooperation in  Europe, the OSCE.   I want to commend President Biden and his very capable diplomatic  team for the sustained effort they have embarked upon to rally our  friends and allies--in NATO and the European Union and across the  OSCE--to present a united front against Vladimir Putin's mounting  aggression.   Russia has in recent months amassed over 100,000 troops and heavy  weaponry on Ukraine's borders, with many more poised to join them, and  have openly threatened war if its demands are not met. The Kremlin is  also waging a propaganda war preparation strategy for the Russian  people by broadcasting false claims that Ukraine poses a threat to  Russian interests and sovereignty.   At the barrel of a gun, the Kremlin has demanded not only that the  United States and NATO close its open doors to partners like Ukraine  and Georgia--a strategic nonstarter on its own--but also that the  Alliance security umbrella and even material security assistance be  retracted to pre-l997 borders, essentially reducing NATO to its  frontiers as of 1991.   In other words, Mr. Putin insists that the United States and its  Euro-Atlantic allies remove any means of securing or guaranteeing the  defense of sovereign states that happen to lie near Russia. Such  demands are outrageous, dangerous, and impossible to accept.   In this troubling time, acquiescence to Russian aggression is not an  option. I support this administration's approach to unite with our  European allies and categorically refuse to give into the Kremlin's  ruthless militarism. I also support negotiating in good faith to see if  we can find a realistic solution with respect to arms control,  confidence-building measures, and the like--while making it clear to  Mr. Putin that the freedom and sovereignty of Europe are not on the  table.   The diplomatic engagements that have taken place in Europe in recent  days, in several concentric circles, have demonstrated remarkable unity  among our allies, and have clarified for Russia the costs they would  incur in the event of any further aggression against Ukraine.   This is thanks to the Biden administration's sophisticated campaign  to reclaim American leadership in world affairs.   One hopes the Kremlin has heard the messages that we and our allies  have sent to Moscow. Under the looming shadow of Russian mass  mobilization and martial rhetoric, however, we should suffer no  illusions. Mr. Putin's goal is domination, and there is no room to give  on that score.   Unfortunately, we find ourselves here today on the floor of the  United States to consider a measure, which the Senator from Texas has  introduced, that threatens to undermine the American effort to mobilize  the Western world's coalition to stand up to Russia at this critical  moment. We are here to debate, yet again, how to deal with Nord Stream  2, the ill-conceived natural gas pipeline between Russia and Germany  that promises to weaken Ukraine's economic and security situation while  it strengthens Russia's leverage over Western Europe.   In the ll6th Congress, we voted to condemn and to sanction those  involved in this misbegotten enterprise--most importantly in the  Protecting Europe's Energy Security Act, ``PEESA'', enacted in January  2021. This law imposes strong sanctions on all those involved in the  construction and operation of the Nord Stream 2 Pipeline. As is  customary and appropriate, the Congress also gave the Executive the  authority to waive sanctions against individuals and entities when it  determined to do so would be in the national security interest of the  United States.   Last spring, the administration chose to exercise that walver.   I disagreed with that decision. I have said so many times and in many  contexts. I retain the hope that the pipeline will never begin  operations, as I believe it would do enormous damage--not just to  Ukraine--but also to Europe at large.   The administration is focused on working with Germany to implement  the July 21 Joint Statement of the United States and Germany on Support  for Ukraine, Energy Security, and Our Climate Goals, which includes  clear commitments to act if Russia attempts to use energy as a weapon  or commit further aggressive acts against Ukraine.   Let us be clear that the bill before us would not actually accomplish  what the Senator from Texas claims. It would not stop Nord Stream 2 any  more than existing law does. It would not protect Ukraine any more than  existing law and policy does. All this bill would do, essentially, is  create a 90-day recurring cycle of revisiting the administration's  exercise of the waiver authority we wrote into the law last year. And  then it would create the option for a vote on a resolution of  disapproval of that waiver.   At a time when we should be using our time and energy to address the  mounting threat to Ukraine posed by Russia's massive buildup along  their shared border, today's vote is an unnecessary distraction.  Therefore, I oppose S. 3436.   The Senate should be considering serious proposals to counter Russian  aggression. The chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee has  introduced a bill that is worthy of our time, attention, and support.  The Defending Ukraine Sovereignty Act is a serious effort to address  Russia's aggression toward Ukraine, which is why I am an original  cosponsor of this measure.   If the President affirmatively determines that Russia has engaged in  a renewed invasion or escalation of hostilities, the Defending Ukraine  Sovereignty Act triggers a cascade of mandatory sanctions on Russia's  political and military leadership, financial institutions, extractive  industries--and Nord Stream 2.   As chairman of the U.S. Helsinki Commission and a senior member of  the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, I am especially mindful and  concerned about what Russia's actions and demands mean for European and  international security, as well as democracy and human rights.   It is no mistake that Mr. Putin's war drums have been accompanied by  a concerted regime effort to erase and rewrite the Soviet Union's cruel  history; including smothering the domestic human rights network  Memorial, which has so carefully and painstakingly chronicled the  Soviet Union's brutal human and social toll on the people of Russia and  the former Soviet Union.   Russia's intervention to suppress popular dissent and prop up the  authoritarian regime in Belarus tells a similar story. Its deployment  of troops just last week under the umbrella of the Collective Security  Treaty Organization, the CSTO, to quell public unrest in Kazakhstan-- the first time the Russian-controlled CSTO has intervened militarily in  a crisis in a member state--also serves to expand Russian influence in  the region. The CSTO deployment has raised concerns among  [[Page S216]]  some of the Kazakhstani public, which may help to explain why the  troops have started withdrawing today. The rapid deployment, however,  certainly makes the government of Kazakhstan more beholden to Russia.  It weakens Kazakhstan's often-touted ``multi-vector'' policy under  which it aims to balance its relations with Russia, China, and the  West.   The Putin regime has erected a corrupt police state at home, which it  aggressively exports for greater dominion.   A broader Russian invasion of Ukraine could easily lead to tens of  thousands of deaths and threaten tens of millions more. Preventing such  an outcome should be our paramount concern. Peace on Russia's stated  terms would consign millions of free peoples to the Kremlin's  authoritarian whims, and would shatter the fragile miracle of European  peace and prosperity.   I believe we must present a strong, determined, and unified response  that makes clear that Russian aggression will only further unify the  continent, and complicate the Kremlin's security anxieties.   At the same time, the United States is willing, with its partners and  allies, to work toward listening to the Kremlin's legitimate security  concerns. Here, too, is an opportunity to make use of the OSCE's  institutional powers to build consensus and lay the foundations for a  durable peace.   I ask my colleagues to join me in condemning Russia's military  buildup and aggressive posture in the region, and calling for Moscow to  de-escalate immediately and negotiate in good faith.   