 Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to  defeat the previous question so that we can bring up my resolution, H.  Res. 866, to highlight how imperative it is for election integrity and  voter confidence that only American citizens vote in our elections.   As Members of Congress, most of us have attended a naturalization  ceremony or two during our time of service. We have watched these very  moving ceremonies as these prospective Americans take the oath of  allegiance to the United States of America. They pledge their  allegiance to our country. They swear to support and defend the  Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic.   It is one of those moments that makes America the greatest country on  Earth. They have earned the right to vote in our elections.   What New York City and others are doing, by allowing nearly a million  noncitizens to vote, is a slap in the face to those who worked hard for  that sacred right. While I don't support what New York is doing by any  means, it is our job that we protect Federal elections.   Common sense will tell you that combining noncitizens and eligible  American voters on the same voter rolls is ripe for abuse. It is really  just not practical.   Currently, in Illinois, noncitizens cannot vote, and if they do, they  face major legal consequences and could be deported. But in 2016,  Illinois' Automatic Voter Registration program mistakenly registered to  vote more than 500 noncitizens who had done the right thing by checking  the box stating they are not citizens on their driver's license  applications.   However, several of these noncitizens voted in the 2018 and 2019  elections. This does nothing to bolster voter confidence in our  elections. In fact, Madam Speaker, it does the opposite.   Not only does this undermine the integrity of our elections, but the  mistake by Illinois could also have had dire consequences for these  individuals if they seek citizenship in the future.   All of this could be prevented if States were actually maintaining  accurate voter rolls, which has been required by Federal law for nearly  30 years.   Whether intentional or not, we know this is happening. It is  undermining the integrity of our elections. This amendment would simply  ensure those who are noncitizens, who do not have the right to vote in  Federal elections, are removed from States' voter rolls. This is  especially critical as my friends on the other side of the aisle push  for a Federal takeover of elections.   Let's defeat the previous question so that we can take a stand with  my resolution to support only citizens voting in our elections and  encourage States to adopt reforms that don't put noncitizens at risk of  intentionally or unintentionally breaking the law by illegally voting  in Federal elections.   