 I ask for the yeas and nays.    Madam President, first let me thank Senator Klobuchar  for organizing us to come to the floor this evening and for her  leadership to support our elections. And we got lucky this year. There  is good news. Democracy prevailed against the Big Lie, and most of the  State election deniers lost their races. So that is a good news story.   Unfortunately, we have a lot of work left to do to safeguard our  democracy from the twin threats of dark money, which is a seeping  poison--a toxin--in our political system, and a runaway Supreme Court  that dark money built.   Dark money political spending went from under $5 million in 2006,  when Senator Klobuchar and I were elected to the Senate, to a billion  dollars in 2020. A billion dollars in 2020.   And outside group spending from billionaires and special interests  has climbed to $2.1 billion in the midterms, and most of that outside  spending is anonymous. It is dark money.   This torrent of dark money looses a tide of secret influence-- improper, ungovernable, corrupting, secret influence. And Americans  despise it. They understand what is going on. More than 90 percent of  Americans support ending dark money through greater transparency for  political spending, because when some big special interest is spending  2 billion, you know that the American people aren't winning.   My DISCLOSE Act would have stopped it. Unfortunately, not one  Republican would vote for it, so we have work to do to build public  pressure to make sure that the DISCLOSE Act becomes an irresistible  force.   When $2 billion comes into one election from big special interests,  you can bet on one thing, and that is that the people will not be  heard.   Now, over at the Court, $580 million, at least, has been spent to  acquire a Supreme Court eager to hand major wins to big Republican  donors and the party. The Campaign Legal Center has described this as  perhaps the most anti-democratic court ever. And if you look at their  record, you can see why they say that: all the voter suppression, all  the partisan gerrymandering, and, now, in a case before them called  Moore v. Harper, potentially taking on an extreme theory, a debunked  theory, the independent State legislature theory, which would unleash  chaos in American elections by letting partisan state legislatures  ignore their State constitutions regarding elections.   Well, I filed an amicus brief with Representative Hank Johnson  highlighting the individuals and funders behind amicus briefs in that  case who pushed that fringe legal theory in their efforts to overturn  the 2020 Presidential election, but didn't disclose that to the Court.   There was a group called the Honest Elections Project that turned up  there which didn't disclose to the Court its  [[Page S9598]]  connections to groups that spent tens of millions of dollars to put  those Justices on the Supreme Court. That is a conflict of interest. It  is potentially a due process violation, and at a minimum, it ought to  have been disclosed.   The Court that dark money built is increasingly a danger to democracy  itself. Dark money is dangerous because it is a tale as old as time  that secrecy breeds corruption. And in a great democracy like ours  where the people are supposed to rule, where citizens are supposed to  make the decisions, to deny the people, to deny the citizens the basic  information about who is behind what organization, to hide who is  behind what jersey on the playing field is a grave disservice to  democracy.   Dark money influence on our politics and dark money influence at the  Court have got to be put to an end.   And with that, I will yield to the distinguished Senator from Maine,  Senator King.   