 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 1948 and the VA  Employee Fairness Act.   First, I really think that we need to take a moment to clear up some  very confusing things on what this bill does.   Some have said that the VA medical staff are not allowed to unionize.  That is not true. That is not true. Today, VA doctors, nurses, and  dentists are allowed to collective bargain. Hundreds of thousands of  medical staff are unionized.   But they are not specifically allowed to use union grievances  procedures for matters of, and I will quote the law, direct patient  care, clinical competence, peer review, and pay. These very specific  exceptions were made for a reason.   The Secretary is responsible for ensuring veterans receive high- quality and timely healthcare. To do that, he or she must have the  authority to make difficult decisions to keep hospitals running safely  and to put veterans first. That is the Secretary's first mission, and  he or she must continue to provide care even in the worst of times.   However, H.R. 1948 will tie the Secretary's hands, and I worry  enactment of this legislation would put patients at risk. Let me say  that again. Put patients at risk. The main goal of the VA is to take  care of our veterans.   Now, for example, the Secretary may remove a provider from direct  patient care because the care they are performing is substandard. I  fear this bill would allow a third-party arbitrator to second guess--to  second guess from a position that they are not trained in  [[Page H9865]]  the field that they are trying to second guess--the Secretary's  decision to remove that provider from direct patient care.   My colleagues on the other side of the aisle will argue that this is  not going to happen, yet not one of them can say with 100 percent  confidence that that is not the case. In fact, it may happen.  Unfortunately, bad actors and subpar providers do exist, and when they  harm veterans or pose a risk, they need to be removed from patient care  quickly.   It is also not hard to believe that the expanded grievance process  envisioned by this bill could paralyze hospitals over the issue of  patient care, clinical competence, and pay.   In that scenario, care would be delayed; wait times would increase;  critical illnesses would go undiagnosed; costs would go up; most  importantly, veterans would suffer.   And the Secretary would fail to carry out the VA's first mission and  responsibility to our veterans.   This is exactly why medical staff at major healthcare systems like  Mayo Clinic, Kaiser, Intermountain Healthcare, and the Cleveland Clinic  are generally not unionized and do not allow arbitration to be used  over patient care.   Neither should VA. The care of my fellow veterans must come before  everything else.   Now, I am going to tell you this because you need to know. I, myself,  was a union firefighter, and I come from a union family, so I believe  in our unions, and my concerns about H.R. 1948 do not mean I am blind  to issues raised by unions at the VA.   Allegations that the Secretary is abusing his authority are something  that I take very seriously. It is the job of this committee to conduct  aggressive oversight to ensure veterans get the care that they need,  and the VA workforce is treated fairly.   Unfortunately, my friends on the other side of the aisle did not take  a critical look at the Secretary's use of his authority; there was no  oversight hearing, there were no public investigations, no work to  address the allegations made by the unions. Instead, my colleagues have  moved forward to pass sweeping legislation to turn over Congress'  responsibility to arbitrators. I can't support that.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to put veterans first and oppose  this legislation. I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, in response, as we have talked about the concerns we  have heard from the employees, how do we really know the bill is  needed? Because the Democrats have never, in nearly 2 years of working  on this bill, they did not hold one oversight hearing. Not one.   They did not call the Secretary and answer the allegations that the  group pushing for this legislation is asking for. They didn't conduct  public investigations into those allegations. They simply passed a bill  out of committee, on a party-line vote, over a year ago.   Madam Speaker, it is our committee's job to hold the Secretary  accountable, and all of the administration,  [[Page H9866]]  over these employees. I would have gladly worked with the Democrats to  do that. Sadly, that is not what happened.   Now, we are coming out here on the 11th hour of our last week or two  of being here, and we are jamming through an 11th-hour bill with no  clear idea that it does what my colleague says it does.   How can we support legislation like this in the last hour? That is  why they call this lameduck. It is because we try to shove things  through right at the last.   This has not been vetted. It did not have more hearings. We did not  do our job when it came to what our job is on oversight. We could have  handled this a different way.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Madam Speaker, in closing, there are several things I will say about  this bill. One of the most important things to realize is that these  employees have something that other medical employees around this  Nation don't have. They have the Committee on Veterans' Affairs to  argue on their behalf, if problems occur; that we would give oversight  and give guidance and direction to our Secretary.   Now, there are far too many questions that remain unanswered about  H.R. 1948:   We can't say for certain this bill won't jeopardize veterans' care-- the primary mission of the VA.   We can't say the Secretary is abusing his authority because the  Democrats did not have an oversight hearing on this issue.   We can't say that the bill will really do what my colleagues say it  will do.   If Congress can't answer those questions, we are not doing our job.  We can't in good faith pass H.R. 1948 without knowing these answers. We  owe our veterans and taxpayers that much.   Madam Speaker, I encourage all my colleagues to oppose H.R. 1948, and  I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   