 Mr. President, I want to thank the Senator from  Minnesota. She is an extraordinarily talented legislator and works well  in a challenging political environment, and she has tackled this issue  with a ferocity and intensity which is seldom seen in the U.S. Senate.  It is fitting that she did  [[Page S86]]  and that she continues even to this day because of the gravity of the  issue, but we are fortunate to have her leadership--extraordinary  leadership--to bring us to this moment where we are facing the issue of  voting in America.   Mr. President, I started on Capitol Hill at the lowest possible  level, as an intern, in the office of U.S. Senator Paul Douglas of  Illinois. I was a college student at Georgetown University.   Senator Douglas had served in World War II. He volunteered at the age  of 50 to enlist in the Marine Corps and worked his way into a fighting  position in the South Pacific. And on the island of Okinawa, he was  shot up, and his left arm dangled by his side the rest of his life,  much like Bob Dole. He used to refer to that left arm as his  paperweight.    He had a way of running a Senate office which would be impossible in  these days, but he insisted on signing every letter that went out of  his office. And he would read them and make notes, which I thought were  illegible, but they were his efforts to send personal greetings along  with the letters.   Well, you can imagine that they stacked up the letters each day--his  staff did--as they typed them and used carbon paper back in the day.  And he would come in at 5 o'clock at his conference table with a large  stack of letters and start to fold them. Of course, with one arm, he  needed help. That is where I showed up--and the other interns. We sat  next to him and pulled the letters as he signed them.   And we were told by the senior staff in the office that, as interns  in that capacity, we weren't supposed to talk to this great man because  he had important thoughts going through his mind and we shouldn't  interrupt him. But, lo and behold, he would open the conversation with  me and others, and we felt really fortunate to have a chance to just  speak to him for a few minutes.   So I would prepare, every time I was going to play that role, to read  even more about his background so I knew what he had been through. I  can recall the day when I worked up the courage and said--they called  him 