 Mr. President, I rise today to recognize the bipartisan  accomplishment by the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee and the  expanded support we are delivering for veterans living with illnesses  as a result of toxic exposure due to their service in our Nation's  uniform through the Sergeant First Class Heath Robinson Honoring our  Promise to Address Comprehensive Toxics Act of 2022. This legislation  ensures veterans who need help now can get it. We are all too familiar  with the challenges that exist for veterans as a result of toxic  exposure.  [[Page S2950]]    I have been working to improve veteran services and benefits for more  than 20 years as a member of both the Senate and the House VA  Committees. During that time, I have heard a lot about toxic exposure  issues and have come to understand the immediate need to make  improvement to benefits and care for post-9/11 veterans who were  exposed to toxic substances as a result of burn pits. This exposure is  known to cause serious illness, including rare cancers and respiratory  ailments. Those suffering deserve to know they have not been forgotten  and their voices have been heard.   The promise our Nation made to the men and women who served in these  dangerous conditions must be kept. This bill fulfills that promise and  delivers immediate access to healthcare for toxic-exposed veterans. It  directs the VA to evaluate diseases for presumption of service  connection and streamlines the process for toxic-exposed veterans  seeking disability compensation for their illnesses without  overwhelming the VA system. The Sergeant First Class Heath Robinson  PACT Act also invests in the tools and resources to help the VA process  disability claims in a timely manner and deliver quality healthcare to  veterans living with toxic exposure illnesses.   With this measure, we continue to correct past failures of the VA to  provide healthcare and benefits to previous generations exposed to  Agent Orange as well. These challenges have existed for decades, and it  is time we fulfill our promise to Vietnam-era veterans once and for  all.   The legislation we are poised to approve updates VA policies to  provide veterans like Bill Rhodes of Mena, AK--a marine who served in  Thailand during the Vietnam war era--provide them access to the care he  and the others who served in that area deserve. Mr. Rhodes has been a  relentless advocate of toxic exposure benefits.   The VA accepts that herbicides were used along the perimeter of  military bases in Thailand but does not recognize the impact of the  herbicides inside the perimeter. This current policy makes no sense and  is not fair, preventing veterans like Mr. Rhodes from accessing  benefits as a result of toxic exposure.   After developing illnesses linked to herbicide exposure, Mr. Rhodes  turned to the VA for help, but his claim was denied. I have been  working with him for several years to advance a provision that corrects  this mistake, and I am pleased that this act eliminates the  bureaucratic hurdles that have stood in the way of veterans getting the  care they earned.   This legislation is the result of bipartisan cooperation. We can  achieve great things for our country when we put partisan politics  aside. I appreciate the leadership of Chairman Tester and Ranking  Member Moran to get this bill to the Senate floor. I am proud to work  with them to address these pressing needs that face our veterans and  their families.   I would also like to recognize and thank the countless veterans, the  families, advocates, and veteran service organizations that continued  their persistence to ensure Congress fulfills its promise to the men  and the women who served in our Nation's uniform.   This legislation is long overdue. We have heard the struggles of  veterans and their families living with toxic exposure-related  illnesses. We can end the hurdles they experienced and save lives by  passing this landmark legislation. I encourage my colleagues to join me  in supporting it.   With that, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   