 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, for years, the radical left has  attacked the institution of the Supreme Court. Last night, it appears  their campaign hit a new low.   Historically, the Justices, clerks, and staff have prized and  protected the Court's confidentiality. The Justices must be able to  discuss and deliberate in an environment of total trust and privacy.  Americans cannot receive a fair trial if politicians, pundits, bullies,  and mobs get a say in court. Judicial independence is vital, but the  far left has spent years shamelessly attacking it. Democrats in  Congress have endorsed plans for partisan Court packing. They have sent  the Justices threatening legal briefs. They have scheduled sham  hearings to smear judges.   In 2020, the Senate Democratic leader marched across the street to  the Court and shouted threats--threats--at multiple Justices by name if  they didn't rule how he wanted.   In 2018, activists literally chased Senators around the Capitol.   Now, last night, a shocking--shocking--new breach: Somebody--likely  somebody inside the Court itself--leaked a confidential internal draft  to the press, almost certainly in an effort to stir up an inappropriate  pressure campaign to sway an outcome.   The radical left immediately rallied around the toxic stunt. The  cheerleaders for partisan Court packing applauded what they suggested  was the work of ``a brave clerk'' making ``a last-ditch Hail Mary  attempt'' to cause a political firestorm and ``cause the Court to  reconsider.''   Liberals want to rip the blindfold off Lady Justice. They want to  override impartiality with intimidation. They want to elevate mob rule  over the rule of law. The same political movement that used a leak to  move up the timeline of Justice Breyer's retirement process is trying  to use yet another leak to make the Court less secure and less  impartial.   Never before--never before--in modern history has an internal draft  been leaked to the public while the Justices were still deciding the  case. Never before.   Whoever committed this lawless act knew exactly what it could bring  about. The Justices already require security. Less than 2 weeks ago, an  unbalanced person lit himself on fire on the Court steps. Less than 3  years ago, a liberal mob tried to storm the Court, shoving past law  enforcement and pounding on the doors.   Look, everybody knows what kind of climate the far left is trying to  fuel: one that is antithetical--antithetical--to the rule of law. Right  on cue, top Democrats began publishing wild statements about what the  Court might decide, packed with using unhinged rhetoric that could  easily incite, light a match.   So what else happened? Activists flocked to the Court. An angry crowd  surrounded the Court, chanting Justices' names--their renewed call to  smash the institutions of both the Senate and the Court at the same  time. One of the Court's most essential and sacred features was smashed  just to buy the outraged industrial complex a few extra days to scream  nonsense about what the Court might rule.   This lawless action should be investigated and punished to the  fullest extent possible--fullest extent possible. I am certain the  Chief Justice will seek to get to the bottom of this. If a crime was  committed, the Department of Justice must pursue it completely.   So, listen, I want all nine Justices to know there are still  principled Senators who have their backs no matter what. There are  still some people in this Capitol--and a majority in the Senate--whose  support for the rule of law is not conditional, not conditional. The  Court should tune out the bad-faith noise and feel completely free to  do their jobs. They should follow the facts and the law wherever that  leads.   As I have warned in the past, courts bowing to activist pressure  would never enhance judicial legitimacy. It could only erode it. And  the hostage takers would never settle for half a loaf.   