 Mr. President, I wanted to come down here tonight to talk  a little bit about the bill that we have in front of us this weekend,  the Inflation Reduction Act. I have been in the Senate for 13 years,  and I think this is one of the most important pieces of legislation  that we have ever considered.   Let me just say, also, that the Presiding Officer and I have been  here for a long time, and there have been weeks and weeks and weeks,  months, years that have gone by here where it felt like we haven't  gotten anything done.   What an amazing moment to be here when we have a bipartisan  infrastructure bill that we passed with the biggest investment in our  infrastructure since Eisenhower was President. We passed the first  bipartisan bill to overcome the NRA just a few weeks ago. Last week, we  were able to pass the CHIPS Act to bring back semiconductors to the  U.S.A. and the PACT Act, the veterans bill last night.   Today, we are here to talk about the Inflation Reduction Act. It is  quite an amazing moment in our democracy and, I think, in the country's  history. It is not the subject of my speech tonight, but I want to say,  with the Presiding Officer on the floor, that there might be a reason  to think that we are at a moment in our country's history when we are  actually ready, finally, to turn the page on the trickle-down economics  that have created such an unfair economy for so many families and so  many young people in this country and create, once again, in the United  States, an economy that, when it grows, it grows for everybody, not  just the people at the very top.   This bill fits into that. The bill on infrastructure fits into that.  The bill on the semiconductors fits into that, as well.   If you look at the agenda Washington has pursued for the last 40  years or so, it is pretty simple: Let the big corporations do whatever  they want and call it ``freedom''; cut investments in working families  and our future; and instead of grappling with the income inequality we  have, instead of grappling with the economic mobility that we have, cut  taxes for the wealthiest people in the country, cut taxes for the  largest corporations in the country, hoping that those tax cuts will  somehow magically trickle down to everyone else and pay for themselves.  That has never happened.   Here is what happened instead: 40 years of an economy that has worked  really well for the wealthiest people and corporations but hasn't  worked very well for anybody else; an economy with income inequality  higher than at any time since the 1920s, where the top 0.1 percent of  Americans, a mere 160,000 families, hold basically the same amount of  wealth as the bottom 90 percent of Americans, nearly 145 million  families--160,000 families, the top 0.1 percent, hold as much wealth as  the bottom 90 percent, 9 out of 10 Americans, nearly 145 million  families--where kids--I am sad to say this in front of the kids here  tonight--have a 50-50 shot of earning more than their parents, where  that number used to be 90 percent; that charges families more for their  healthcare than any other industrialized country in the world; that  forces seniors in this country--and only in this country--to cut their  pills in half or skip prescriptions or decide whether they are going to  be able to eat or take their medicine; that is shackled to a global  fossil fuel market dictated by tyrants like Vladimir Putin, despite our  abundant resources at home and despite the urgent threat from climate  change.   That is the legacy of the past 40 years of trickle-down economics. As  I have said many, many times on this floor, we can't survive another 40  years like the last 40 years and expect to hold onto this democracy. I  don't think we can survive another 10 years like this and expect to  hold on to this democracy with this failed agenda.   Working families can't sustain it. Our democracy can't withstand it  because, when people feel like they have lost the sense of opportunity  for themselves and their families no matter how hard they work, that is  when, you know, throughout human history,  [[Page S4029]]  somebody shows up. Some self-interested politician shows up and says: I  alone can fix it. You don't need a democracy. You don't need the rule  of law. You should expect your public sector and your private sector to  be hopelessly corrupt, and you are a sucker if you don't believe that  because people are going to take advantage of you.   We need a new agenda for America. I am pleased to say that we are  closer, I think, tonight--this weekend--than we have been in a long  time to pursuing one.   It started with the American Rescue Plan. It continued, as I said  earlier, with the bipartisan infrastructure law we passed this year to  rebuild our country and the bipartisan innovation bill that we passed  last week to help us compete with China and bring thousands of good- paying jobs back home.   And, now, I hope we are close to passing the next part, the Inflation  Reduction Act. This bill will lower costs for millions of families--at  the pharmacy, at the pump, and on their monthly energy bills and  insurance premiums. It will do more to achieve energy independence and  fight climate change than anything that we have ever done as a nation.   And unlike the Trump tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans, which  added $1.9 trillion to the debt, notwithstanding the arguments that we  have heard going back to Ronald Reagan--the false arguments that we  have heard going back to Ronald Reagan--that these tax cuts will pay  for themselves. Once again, of course, they didn't pay for themselves.  And unlike that, a $1.9 trillion hole blasted into our deficit when  unemployment was only at 3.5 percent. Every cent of that money was  borrowed just for the privilege of giving tax cuts to the wealthiest  Americans. Fifty-two percent of that bill went to the top 5 percent of  Americans. We borrowed every single cent to do that.   That would be no different than when the Presiding Officer was the  mayor of Richmond, VA, and if he said to the people of Richmond: I have  a really good idea for how we could spend a lot of money, but we are  going to have to borrow money to do it.   And they said: Well, that sounds like a lot of money that you are  borrowing. Tell us what you are spending it on. Are you using it for  our roads and bridges?   No.   Are you using it for the parks?   No.   Are you using it for education, for mental health, which we  desperately need in this country? Are you using it to transfer the  local economy to greener energy?   No.   What are you using it for, Mr. Mayor, they would say.   And the answer is: I am going to borrow this massive amount of money,  and I am going to give it to the two wealthiest neighborhoods in  Richmond and hope that it is just going to trickle down to everybody  else.   I am not making it up. That is the theory. That is the policy. And  that was the theory and the policy when Ronald Reagan was President.  That was the theory and policy when Donald Trump was President.   And unlike those bills, every single cent in this bill is paid for.  More than that, it cuts the deficit by over $300 billion. If you listen  to my Republican colleagues, at least some of them and the way they  complain about this bill, you would think it was some sort of Bolshevik  takeover of the U.S.A. It is ridiculous.   I think, sometimes, they just don't even want the public to know what  is in this bill because what is in this bill is so popular with the  American people.   Let's start with healthcare. For the first time ever, this bill  requires Medicare to negotiate drug prices on behalf of the American  people.   The Presiding Officer and I wrote a bill called Medicare-X. We  introduced it, I think, in 2017, to create a public option so that  everybody in America could have the benefit of choosing between their  private insurance and public insurance. That is not in this bill. But  in that bill, we said that Medicare ought to negotiate drug prices for  seniors. This would allow Medicare to use its market power to drive  down the costs of prescription drugs. That is going to save families  thousands of dollars, and it is going to save our country billions of  dollars.   The only reason we have not passed that is because special interests  have succeeded at tying Medicare's hands so that pharmaceutical  companies could keep charging Americans prices that no other developed  nation in the world would tolerate--Americans like Julia from Denver.  Her dad has a heart condition. He pays $6,000 a month for medication.  That is $72,000 a year for something he needs to take for the rest of  his life. That is outrageous, but I hear stories like that every day  all over Colorado.   The Inflation Reduction Act also would cap out-of-pocket costs for  seniors to $2,000 a year so they aren't spending down their retirement  to buy medication. I know seniors in Colorado who literally spend their  entire retirement trying to figure out how to get the medication they  need, the medication they have been prescribed by a doctor. The choices  they have to make look unlike any other choices any senior has to make  in any other country in the world.   I was with some people in Pueblo recently where one of the people  said: I have three inhalers, but I can't afford the three inhalers. So  I can only take one of them at a time, and I have been getting sicker  and sicker as a result of that.   Another person in the room had worked her entire life at the local  newspaper, and she was telling me that she was having to cut her  medications in order to make it through economically.   On top of that, this bill has a 3-year extension for tax credits to  help millions of Americans pay for their health insurance, including  over 150,000 Coloradans who are going to be able to afford their health  insurance in ways they couldn't.   The second part of this bill closes tax loopholes for about 200 of  the biggest corporations in America--those with over $1 billion in  profit. This comes directly from a bill that I wrote with Senator  Warren and with Senator King. Today, these corporations use armies of  lawyers and accountants that no middle-class family has, no working  family has, no small business has to pay almost nothing in classes.   Last year, Chevron paid an effective rate of 1.8 percent. Bank of  America paid 3.5 percent--3.5 percent. That is after the Trump tax cuts  cut the corporate rate and took it down to, I think, it was 20  percent--which, by the way, there was no consensus to do. The consensus  was at 25 percent. Here you have companies paying 1.8 percent, and 3.5  percent in the case of Bank of America. Amazon paid 6.1 percent. They  might want to fire their CFO because they are paying a little more than  the 1.8 and the 3.5. AT&T paid negative 4.1 percent. That means they  got money back from the Treasury in tax credits.   In Colorado, a typical firefighter, teacher, or police officer has an  effective tax rate of somewhere around 16 to 22 percent. So, on the one  hand, you have working Americans paying 20 percent of their income in  an economy that has barely lifted their incomes in 40 years, while  billion-dollar corporations are paying virtually nothing.   I had a conversation the other day with a ``Teacher of the Year''  from Colorado. She is from Glenwood Springs. She said that she wasn't  complaining, that she was just making an observation. She said 70  percent to 80 percent of her colleagues in the middle school in which  she teaches and at the high school in Glenwood Springs have to work two  and three jobs just so they can afford to live in Glenwood Springs.   Do we think it is all right for her to have to pay 22 percent of her  income in taxes and the biggest corporations in America that are making  more than $1 billion in income don't have to at least pay 15 percent,  much less the 20 percent gift that Donald Trump gave them when the  number that everybody had basically agreed to was 25 percent? It is no  wonder that Americans think this Tax Code is rigged against them.   We start to fix that problem with this bill. It is not everything  that I would have wanted. I think we have a lot more to do to make this  Tax Code fairer, not the least of which is to make permanent the  expanded child tax credit that I worked on with Sherrod Brown, Cory  Booker, and Kamala Harris; and the earned income tax credit that I  worked on with  [[Page S4030]]  Sherrod Brown to give working people the biggest tax cut they had in  generations. That is one of the things that is not in this bill that I  feel really terrible about.   This bill also is limiting something called the carried interest  loophole. Most Americans have no idea what that is because 99.9999999  percent of Americans are not hedge fund managers; they don't benefit  from this loophole to lower their tax rate and pay less than their  assistants or than their secretary.   That hasn't stopped my Republican colleagues from telling the  American public that this bill would tax working people--that is what  they are saying. And I guess that is true if by ``working people'' they  mean hedge fund managers. Over half of them base their business in the  Cayman Islands or billion dollar corporations. We are increasing their  taxes--that is true--but there is nothing in this bill that is raising  taxes on American families--nothing. Nothing.   It is amazing to me that people that I meet that simultaneously  support the Trump tax cuts for the wealthiest people on the theory of  trickle-down economics and are opposed to this bill on the theory that  somehow the taxes that we are raising on, literally, the wealthiest  humans in our country and the wealthiest corporations are somehow going  to trickle down to people in the workplace. It is never going to  happen. It never has.   The last part of this bill contains energy. And, first, I think it is  important for us to have some context. It has been nearly 50 years  since the 1973 oil crisis spurred America to seek ``energy  independence.''   It has been more than 30 years since NASA scientist James Hansen  urged Congress to fight climate change, I think at a hearing held by my  predecessor Tim Wirth. And until now we haven't had a plan, we have had  no plan to accomplish either.   We haven't just stalled--in some cases, we have actually gone  backward. At home, right now, our use of coal has increased during the  Biden administration. Abroad, Germany has been forced to reactivate  coal plants after Putin's attack on Ukraine, while other EU nations  plan on rationing natural gas or turning on their coal plants.   Instead of leading the world with a coherent approach on these  issues, Washington has been deadlocked in the same old, tired politics  around climate and energy. And as usual, the American people have paid  the price.   They have paid it at the pump with incomes that have barely budged in  this economy. In Colorado, we have paid for it in homes incinerated by  record wildfires, mountain passes washed out by mudslides, fields  withering in extreme drought that nobody has seen for 800 years, the  Colorado River in crisis, and a galloping fear that the American West  will somehow be unrecognizable to our grandchildren.   When this deal fell apart 10 days ago or so, whenever it was, my  heart was broken as a result of it, because I thought about what  Colorado has been going through. And I thought about--I had to call and  explain to my 22-year-old and 21-year-old and 17-year-old daughters  that once again we had failed.   And their sense of disbelief, of incredulity--which, by the way, I  think is shared with every single member of their generation in this  country, whether they are Democrats or whether they are Republicans or  independents or if they don't even know what political party they are  in. How can you not deal with this? How can you place this burden on  us?   And if we pass this bill, we are going to be able to look the next  generation straight in the eye and say: We are actually living up to  our responsibility to you, at least with respect to climate. And that  fills me with joy. And that is the reason to support this bill and feel  good about it.   We can't afford another 10 years of dysfunction on these issues. This  transition should have started 25 years ago--25 years ago.   And in my opinion, we urgently need a plan, an energy policy that  secures the energy our economy needs and relentlessly lowers climate  pollution.   In other words, we need a plan for clean energy independence. And we  can start by being honest about where we are; I think that is really  important.   Today, 60 percent of our power generation comes from fossil fuel;  only 20 percent comes from renewables. Over 90 percent--90 percent of  our transportation relies on fossil fuels, and less than 3 percent uses  electricity. Across the economy, 80 percent of primary energy  consumption still comes from fossil fuel. Renewables are just 12  percent.   We have made some progress, but to hit our emissions targets,  renewables have to scale from 12 percent today to at least 60 percent  by 2050.   That is why, even under the most ambitious projections, some fossil  fuels will likely remain in our energy mix for decades, even through  2050. Don't take my word for it; that is not me saying it. These  projections are from the National Academy of Sciences, the  International Energy Agency, and Princeton. And that is the reality  that they confront us with.   So when I hear politicians and others whip up Twitter with promises  to reject every permit for new infrastructure, they ignore this  reality. And I worry that we cede the scientific high ground to critics  of climate action, who then paint climate advocates as disconnected or  deluded or even dangerous to the economy. And the only thing that wins  is our fossil fuels. The only thing that wins is coal.   And I worry sometimes that these claims also repel the very Americans  we need to support our energy transition. If our position in the short  term is to oppose every new piece of infrastructure, we are essentially  forcing America to choose between scarcity and higher prices, to choose  between either less energy or higher prices.   I was in Belgium and, with our colleague Chris Coons, met with the  deputy prime minister there who said--we were on our way to Scotland  for the climate conference, and he said: We have to meet these climate  targets. We have to meet these climate targets in 2050.    And then he said: But I don't know how we are going to meet them and  not lose the middle class.   And I said: What do you mean by that? And he said: I don't know how  we are going to meet them and not have yellow vests break out all over  Europe.   And we are seeing that now. We are seeing where Putin has cut off  Russian oil and Russian gas because of his invasion of Ukraine--the  challenges that it creates in democratic societies when it comes to  energy. There is no country in the world better positioned on this  question, better positioned to lead this transition to clean energy  than the United States of America.   There is not a country in Europe; there is not a country in the  Middle East. China is not better positioned than we are on this. We are  the best positioned country in the world to lead this transition.   In fact, I think we are the only country in the world that can lead  this transition--which, by the way, is why it was such a tragedy when  it looked 10 days ago like this bill wasn't going anywhere, because  then the rest of the world looks at us and says: Why should we do  anything if the country that is most capable of being able to do this  can't do it?   And what I want to assure you is that these outcomes of scarcity or  higher prices, neither of those outcomes are going to support the broad  and durable support that we need to be able to not just pass climate  policy but keep it the law of the land and make sure that it lasts  until the next generation of Americans can pick it up from us and say:  Thank you for putting us in a decent position; we are going to finish  the job.   And then if we can't pass this bill and we can't make progress on  climate change, then what we have, instead, is our current policy,  which is the status quo, which drives up prices, is bad for our  national security, and is terrible at reducing emissions. That is where  we are today. That is why coal is up, as I said, during the Biden  administration.   For a successful transition, we have got to smooth the path with  domestic energy production now to stabilize prices and bridge our way  to a clean energy economy tomorrow. And to do that, we need every tool  on the table.   This means deploying renewables like wind and solar, which my State  has led in. We need to do it at record rates. We need to invest in  next-generation technology from carbon capture to hydrogen to advanced  nuclear.  [[Page S4031]]    That means we need to recognize the role that natural gas has played  in our transition. Over the last 15 years, replacing coal with natural  gas has accounted for 60 percent of our national carbon reductions, and  that is really good. But we need to do a lot better because the time is  ticking. And now we have the opportunity, because of this bill, to  secure America's position as the global standard for production-- modeled on our example in Colorado, where we passed the first law to  capture fugitive methane when Senator Hickenlooper was our Governor--by  driving down methane pollution and strengthening cleanup and monitoring  across the supply chain.   The last thing we should accept is the leaking pipes that the status  quo allows when we have tools available to do better.   And we can't accept the painful price shocks that the American people  have to bear because of our lack of a coherent energy policy.   Fortunately, this bill lays the foundation for a responsible energy  policy for the country, and it has the largest investment to fight  climate change in the Nation's history. And it is full of proposals I  have worked on for years, proposals to rapidly deploy clean energy and  to provide industry the long-term certainty it needs, to boost American  manufacturing for wind and solar and batteries to power electric  vehicles and our energy grid, to invest $14 billion to help rural  communities transition from fossil fuels, along with over $25 billion  for environmentally friendly farming, conservation, and forest health.   We also have an opportunity in this bill to address the drought that  is ravaging the American West and to do it in a way that measurably  improves the situation of the Colorado River Basin, reflects the  interest of the people of my State and other States in the Upper Basin,  and actually deals, finally, with the long-term causes of the crisis  that we face.   When you add it all up, this bill would put us on track to reduce  carbon pollution 40 percent by the end of the decade. That is light  years ahead of where we would be without it.   But even if you don't care about climate change, you should still  like this bill because it lowers costs for families. How does it do  that?   By increasing the supply of American energy with a responsible  approach while reducing demand for oil and gas by putting more  renewables and electric vehicles on the market.   According to a recent study, this bill would reduce the average  family's electricity bill by hundreds of dollars a year. From my  perspective, as I said, this transition should have started 25 years  ago, and we can't wait any longer. Now is the moment to act.   Russia's invasion of Ukraine should finally rid America and our  allies of the delusion that we can continue to rely on foreign  dictators for our energy needs. It should remind us how foolish we have  been to surrender the lifeblood of our economy to the whims of tyrants.   So nearly 50 years after the 1973 oil crisis, let's make this the  year that we finally pass a coherent plan for America's energy  independence. Let's finally organize our thinking and advance a plan  that liberates us from foreign energy and tackles the threat of climate  change head-on.   And while we are at it, let's reforge the engine of American  manufacturing to produce the clean energy we need and to create  thousands of good-paying jobs along the way.   Let's support our European allies by exporting cleaner American  energy so they don't have to rely on coal or Russian gas to heat their  homes through the winter.   There is no country in the world better prepared than the United  States to lead this effort. And this bill will do more than anything we  have ever done to strengthen our hand in this regard.    In another era, a proposal like this would have received 70 votes on  the Senate floor. Every provision in here is a victory for common sense  and a victory for the American people over special interests and the  status quo.   Frankly, I don't know how many people can go home and say they voted  against a balanced approach to achieve energy independence, fight  climate change, and lower costs for families at this moment in our  history.   I don't know how you would go home and say they voted to preserve tax  loopholes for hedge fund managers and billion-dollar corporations that  no American family can even imagine as they are paying the rates of  taxation that they are paying or how they voted to let pharmaceutical  companies continue to gouge the American people instead of letting  Medicare negotiate on their behalf; how they voted against reducing our  deficit by $300 billion.   But that is the choice we have in front of us. To me, it is a choice  that is obvious. We have got to pass this bill. We need to seize the  moment to lower costs for the American people, to make our Tax Code a  little fairer, to secure our energy independence, and spark a new era  of clean energy manufacturing and innovation to support our allies and  lead the world in a fight against climate change and, hopefully,  hopefully, hopefully, leave something a little bit better for the next  generation of Americans.   I thank my colleague from New Jersey for his patience.   I yield the floor.   