 Mr. President, I come to the floor, again today, to  stand in solidarity with the people of Ukraine. This is the seventh  week in a row I have come out here to talk about the atrocities being  committed by Russia and what more the United States and this Congress  can do to support Ukraine in its fight for survival.   It has now been more than a month since Russia's assault on our ally  Ukraine, an independent sovereign democracy, a democracy that just  wants to live in peace.   Earlier today, Russia continued its cowardly and brutal bombing  attacks on civilian targets in Ukraine. Some civilians, like those  trapped in and surrounding Mariupol, are dying due to a lack of access  to water and food.   Russia continues its assault on humanitarian corridors which are  designed to allow safe passage for civilians fleeing the conflict and  for lifesaving humanitarian aid to come in to those who can't get out.   You may recall the theater in Mariupol, where people were taking  refuge in the basement and using it as a bomb shelter. The words  ``children'' in Russian were emblazed with huge letters clear enough to  see from the sky so that it would not be a target, but it was.   We just learned Friday that roughly 300 Ukrainian civilians were  killed in that basement when the theater was hit by Russian bombs about  a week ago--mostly women and children.   Vladimir Putin's war has resulted in death and destruction not seen  in Europe since World War II. Thousands of civilians have been killed.  Roughly, 10 million people have been displaced from their homes, and  3.6 million refugees, almost all women and children and the elderly,  have fled the country they love, while men have stayed behind to fight  the invaders.   In my recent visit to the Polish-Ukrainian border with three  colleagues, I talked to dozens of refugees. Through their tears, they  spoke of their apartments or houses that were destroyed. They spoke  about their friends or family members who were injured or even killed.  They talked about the pain of being separated from their husbands or  fathers or brothers who had stayed behind to fight, not knowing their  fate.   They pleaded for us to do more--to stop the missiles, stop the bombs,  and they all said they wanted to return to their homeland as soon as  they possibly could.   President Biden is just back from the region where he, too, met with  refugees, and I am glad he went. He was clearly moved by what he saw  and heard. I thought his speech in Poland Saturday was a powerful  indictment of Russia's invasion and a strong statement of support for  Ukraine, as well as a reminder that this battle in Ukraine is about the  larger issue of freedom and democracy versus tyranny and  authoritarianism.  [[Page S1807]]    Unfortunately, a compelling speech was overshadowed by an off-the- cuff remark at the end, saying of Putin that ``this man cannot stay in  power.''   This was read as supporting regime change in Russia. There is no  question in my mind that the world would be a better place and a safer  place without Vladimir Putin as President of Russia, but this remark  unfortunately played into Russia's propaganda efforts from the start,  that NATO, Ukraine, and NATO support of Ukraine are all threats to  Russia and attempts to overthrow the Russian Government.   None of that is true, of course. All Ukraine wants to do is live in  peace with its neighbor. NATO is a purely defensive pact, not offensive  in any respect--simply countries pledging to defend one another from  attacks. Regime change is neither our policy in this instance or our  broader strategic objective.   I can imagine that having met with the refugees and having heard  their heartbreaking stories that the President was expressing his  frustration. I get it. But the President's words and the reaction to  them reminds us that this is a true national security crisis, and in  this sensitive moment, it requires the United States to speak with  clarity and to speak, wherever possible, in unity with our allies in  NATO and beyond.   Unfortunately, that did not always happen on this trip, whether it  was the President talking about our response to the use of chemical  weapons, U.S. troops who may end up in Ukraine, or regime change.   But tonight I want to focus on another positive aspect of the  President's trip that relates to sanctions and offer a few ideas of  where we go from here.   With regard to our sanctions on Russia, I believe there are a number  of additional steps we can and should take. I was glad to hear on March  24 that the Treasury Department issued sanctions against dozens of  defense companies, 328 members of the duma legislative body, and the  chief executive of SberBank. Gold-related transactions involving Russia  may be sanctionable by U.S. authorities, the Treasury Department has  also said in a statement. We should do that.   But we should also expand full blocking sanctions to all Russian  banks, revoking international tax and trade agreements that give Russia  privileges not appropriate for a pariah country; seizing, not just  freezing, assets from Kremlin supporters; keeping oligarchs from  laundering money through expensive art and more.   I have introduced legislation on some of these ideas. I have  advocated for all of them here on the floor of the Senate and  elsewhere, and I will continue to do so, but tonight I want to focus on  what I think is the single most important sanction, the one that could  make the biggest difference.   Our top priority should be cutting off Russia's No. 1 source of  income that fuels the war machine, and that is receipts from energy.  Energy is, by far, Russia's biggest export. It accounts for roughly  half of Russia's entire Federal budget. Over the past year, the average  oil revenues going back to Russia from their exports to the United  States alone was about $50 million a day.    Under pressure from Congress, the administration changed its view and  chose to block Russian oil, natural gas, and coal imports. And that is  good. It made no sense for to us to help fund the Russian war effort,  especially when we have our own natural resources here in North America  that we can gain access to and actually do so in a way that is better  for the environment than Russian oil, that is produced in a way that  emits more methane and CO2, and, of course, has to be  shipped by sea to our shores, causing more emissions.   I recognize that sanctioning Russian energy is far more difficult for  some of our allies in Europe which are far more dependent on Russian  energy than we were. But the same argument applies. We can't be funding  this brutal war.   I welcomed the announcement during the President's trip on the  creation of a joint United States-European Union task force to help  reduce Europe's dependence on Russian energy and strengthen Europe's  energy security.   Specifically, this initiative will help provide at least 15 billion  cubic meters, bcm, of LNG exports from the United States, liquefied  natural gas, this year, with the goal of shipping 50 bcm of U.S. LNG to  Europe annually through at least 2030.   This is a very positive step forward because it is telling the  Europeans you can cut your dependency on Russia and stop spending money  that goes into the war machine and we will back you up. The United  States has plenty of natural gas; it is produced in a cleaner way, by  the way; and we are happy to back you up.   This agreement is not a silver bullet, but it is a step in the right  direction. It is smart to support our domestic energy producers as a  means of supporting our national and our economic security but also as  a way to support our allies in Europe.   And in light of this Russian invasion, the importance of the United  States having a robust, ``all of the above'' approach to power our  Nation, which includes fossil fuels, renewable energies, carbon capture  technologies, nuclear power, hydrogen, that cannot be overstated.   For context, Europe imported approximately 155 bcm of gas from Russia  in 2021 and approximately 22 bcm from the United States through LNG. So  50 bcm from the United States on top of that will lead to a significant  increase in U.S. LNG exports and really help Europe.   But if this is to work, the administration is going to have to follow  through on these commitments to help get more hydrocarbons on the  global market to consumers in Europe.   If the price is higher in Europe, as predicted, some of the LNG  supply will go to Europe instead of Asia, and that will help. That will  be based on market forces, but in order to ensure that we meet this  increased supply to Europe, we have to increase our production here at  home and develop the associated infrastructure, such as pipelines and  terminals, to get that natural gas to market.   Unfortunately, we aren't off to a great start. The President's tax  proposals released with their fiscal year 2023 budget request to  Congress eliminates important tax provisions used by our domestic  producers, like the deduction for intangible drilling costs, or IDCs,  which allows natural gas and oil producers to deduct costs that are  necessary for the drilling and preparation of wells.   This includes things like wages, fuel, survey work. Taxpayers get to  deduct their cost of doing business. IDCs are one such cost for energy  companies, and shortsighted proposals like those in the budget would  only serve to discourage domestic energy production at a time when we  need it.   On Friday, I spoke at a natural gas seminar in Ohio and met with  energy producers that are working in the Marcellus and the Utica shale  in Ohio. We are now a major gas-producing State, thanks to those Utica  and Marcellus shale finds, and the producers in Ohio had a lot of  thoughts about what was going on that day in Europe.    They were glad about the agreement between the EU and the United  States, but they drove home to me the key point that we have energy  here in the ground, but the current administration's policies have made  it very difficult to get that product to market, both domestically and  internationally.   Unfortunately, the Biden administration has consistently sent a  message to these producers and others that one of their goals is to  phase out the use of fossil fuels altogether. This rhetoric, combined  with actions like canceling the Keystone XL Pipeline, suspending new  leases on Federal lands and waters, redefining waters of the United  States, or WOTUS, which makes it harder to permit energy projects, has  led to a lot of uncertainty within the oil and gas industry, which has  a chilling effect on domestic energy production--again, at a time when  we need it. We need ``all of the above.''   In light of this new LNG initiative with the European Union, the  Biden administration's actions must now meet its commitments. An  important part of building out our domestic energy infrastructure for  gas, renewables, and everything in between is streamlining the Federal  permitting process, whether it is a wind power project, solar power  project, or a natural gas project. Historically, it can take a decade  or more for the Federal Government to issue permits to build pipelines  and other necessary infrastructure.  [[Page S1808]]    I coauthored a law called FAST-41, which improves the permitting  process for these big projects by requiring Agencies to work together  to set out a plan and a timeline for permitting projects.   It also created the Federal Permitting Improvement Steering Council,  which can help resolve disputes over the permitting process and get a  green light on a project much more quickly. FAST-41 has worked. It has  helped projects save billions of dollars and years of time, all while  upholding environmental standards.   The bipartisan infrastructure bill expanded the Council's authorities  and made it permanent, and the recent fiscal year 2022 government  funding bill included $10 million for the Council to help support its  operations. I urge the Biden administration to use this FAST-41 process  to reduce bureaucratic redtape in permitting these projects so we can  deliver the liquefied natural gas to Europe, as we promised, in a  timely fashion so that we can begin to reduce their dependency on  Russian oil and stop sending billions of dollars to fund the Russian  war machine.   This is where energy security and national security come together. We  need to lead our European allies in doing all we can to sanction  Russian's energy sector.   We have talked a lot about cutting off the natural gas and the  revenue that fuels the war machine in Russia, but we also need to  tighten up these bank sanctions as they relate to energy. As an  example, it is simply unacceptable that sanctions against Russia's  biggest banks, including VTB Bank, do not apply to energy transactions  until June 24. This is simply too late. We need to act much more  quickly.   While President Biden was in Poland, inside Ukraine, Russian missiles  were striking cities all across the country, including the western city  of Lviv, not very far from the Polish border.   President Biden must lead the alliance to redouble their efforts to  stop this madness to ensure Russia is not rewarded for its war crimes.  It is one thing to keep the alliance together; it is another to lead  the alliance out of its comfort zone to a more aggressive stance to  actually win this war.   So in addition to the energy and other sanctions we have discussed  tonight, what more can we and our allies do to help Ukraine win this  war? And note I say ``win this war'' because if we act swiftly, I think  we can help Ukraine actually win and keep Ukraine as a viable democracy  and save thousands of lives. But they need our help, especially to stop  the missiles and artillery that are raining down on civilians every day  and every night. As we talk here tonight, this is happening in Ukraine.   The Ukrainians have made it very clear they desperately need more air  defense. President Zelenskyy talked about it again in the last 24  hours. Based on the news media reports, the United States is providing  some SA-8s, an older, Soviet-era defense system, to Ukraine. I was glad  to hear that. However, the media reports also say that the more capable  S-300 Soviet-era systems we have in our inventory are not being sent.  If this is true, this is a big disappointment and shows a lack of  urgency.   While I commend the President for the strong speech he delivered over  the weekend, the actions of the administration have to match that  rhetoric. There are additional weapons that they are desperately  needing that we are not yet providing, particularly these anti-air  systems and more munitions for their own anti-air systems. Often it is  a matter of us facilitating the transfer of these weapons from former  Warsaw Pact countries that are all along the border--the Eastern  European, Central European countries that are close to Ukraine and can  provide these incredibly important military anti-air systems, but we  need to help them. We need to facilitate that and backfill their needs  at home.   They have asked for our help across the board, but specifically for  tanks, for anti-ship systems, which is really important right now  because so many of these missiles are coming from these ships in the  Black Sea.   President Zelenskyy needs to be listened to. He knows what they need.  He says: We need more, and we need it more quickly.   We must also keep sending Stinger missiles, which are effective at  shooting down Russian helicopters and planes at lower altitudes.   We must find ways to quickly provide Ukraine with more armed drones,  such as the Turkish TB2s and one-use loitering munitions, which the  Ukrainians know how to use and have been very effective on the  battlefield with.   Two weeks ago, it was announced that we were sending 100 so-called  Switchblade loitering munitions. One hundred will go very quickly. We  need to send more, and we need to send them quickly.    To our Israeli friends, I would ask them to sell to us or other  countries, and we should agree to buy, their Harop drones, which  Ukraine could really use right now. The bottom line is we need to flood  the zone when it comes to providing Ukraine with military assistance.   They are not asking us to fight for them, but they are asking for the  tools to be able to defend themselves, particularly with regard to this  endless bombing. And they have a chance to win if we do that. There  should be no gaps in our weapons transfers. We need to lead the NATO  allies and others when it comes to providing and coordinating support.   There are loopholes in the sanctions we talked about tonight. We need  to do more to ensure that those are closed. We need to do more to  ensure that the weapons are being received.   We should act fast to let the people of Ukraine know with certainty  that we do stand with them. The popular Ukrainian national rallying cry  ``Slava Ukraini'' when translated into English is ``Glory to Ukraine.''  The response to it is ``Glory to the Heroes,'' ``Heroyam Slava.''   In the midst of this atrocity, there are so many heroes, and we need  to back them up. There are so many heroes to glorify in Ukraine: the  soldiers, professionals, and civilians who have taken up arms; the  doctors and the nurses and the firefighters; and the volunteers  providing food and water and blankets. We pray for them all, and we  pray for their families. Godspeed to them in their simple quest, a  battle for a free and independent Ukraine, a country that can chart its  own course.   America needs to stand with the people of Ukraine. We must show the  world, both our adversaries and our allies, that we stand with Ukraine.   I yield the floor.   