 Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my amendment, amendment  No. 2, which prohibits the Department of Defense from awarding  contracts to companies engaged in illegal anti-union activity.   Every worker in this country deserves a living wage, a safe  workplace, and the opportunity to join a union if they so choose. We  know that some companies spend millions of dollars illegally fighting  employee unionization efforts and get rewarded with government  contracts.   Companies that engage in unfair labor practices--including threats,  bribery, coercion, spying, and punishing workers for their attempts at  unionization--are not barred from receiving these lucrative government  deals.   This amendment would change that. It bars the Department of Defense  from awarding any of their more than $400 billion in annual contracts  to companies engaged in these illegal activities.   President Biden promised to ``be the most pro-union President leading  the most pro-union administration in American history.'' I hope that we  can make this goal a reality.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on  amendment No. 2, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I would just note that unfair labor practice  violations will only disqualify an employer from DOD contracts if an  employer refuses to settle a violation or remains out of compliance  with the terms of that settlement. When an employer settles a violation  with the NLRB and remains in compliance with the terms of their  settlement, they will regain eligibility for DOD contracts.   Respectfully, my colleague's concern on the other side of the aisle  is misplaced. There is also a broader issue at hand.   Why are we being asked to sacrifice the rights of working people to  support defense capabilities?   These are not mutually exclusive priorities.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New  Jersey (Mr. Norcross).    Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining?    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   The freedom to join a union is essential--essential to the dignity of  workers to secure living wages and good benefits and building an  economy that works for everyone, not just the wealthy and the well- connected.   Current law recognizes how essential this freedom is and how the deck  is too often stacked against workers. This is the very reason the  National Labor Relations Act exists and why unfair labor practices are  illegal.   When employers are rewarded for suppressing worker rights, we  undermine the very purpose of having labor laws at all.   I think we should be very clear about what is going on here.   The Democrats are fighting for middle-class jobs with good pay and  benefits and an economy where one job is enough, where 40 hours of work  is enough to live with dignity.   Republicans are not interested in protecting workers. They are  interested in protecting the corporations that exploit workers for  profit and corporations whose bottom line depends on keeping wages low  and suppressing worker power. My Republican colleagues want to protect  the government contracts of companies that violate labor law.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to protect the rights of  working people by voting ``yes'' on amendment No. 2, and I yield back  the balance of my time.   