 Mr. Speaker, this past February, a  Democrat staffer organization began a public campaign to unionize. A  month later, the Committee on House Administration held a hearing on  the topic of congressional unions.   To be clear, that hearing was not to consider the resolution that is  before the House floor today, much less a mark-up. That hearing was,  however, an opportunity to ask the Office of Congressional Workplace  Rights--the office that administers the law governing unionization  efforts in Congress--questions about how staffer unions would  logistically work. The result of that hearing was more unanswered  questions.   While unions play a vital role in many workplaces, including  throughout my district, they just aren't feasible for Congress. OCWR's  own General Counsel was unable to provide answers regarding how the  unique office structures, fluctuating partisan balance, and unavoidable  turnover due to elections would impact congressional unions. Yet  Speaker Pelosi is bringing forward the resolution for a vote anyway.   This isn't about helping all staffers, because if it were then the  majority would have given Republicans the opportunity to provide our  input, including a chance to amend today's resolution. But once again,  the majority is abandoning regular order to push a partisan proposal.   One of the main concerns of staffers is low pay. As a former staffer  myself, I know both the opportunities and challenges of working in a  Congressional office and can assure you that an office providing fair  pay and maintaining a healthy work environment are the keys to  recruiting and retaining top talent. And I have great news for everyone  here today: you don't need to wait for the Speaker to unilaterally  implement a pay order to start doing so. Every Member's office was  provided a 21 percent MRA increase in March of this year.   Further, collective bargaining would not and could not address the  issue of low pay--Federal law forbids this. Federal law also prohibits  negotiation on healthcare and retirement benefits even if this  resolution were to pass. Instead, union dues would just take more money  out of staff's hard-earned paychecks without really anything to show  for it.   Unionization also creates potential conflicts of interest that could  impact a Member's constitutional responsibilities, including unique  influence over Members' development and passage of certain legislation,  and political contributions to Members using dues paid by their staff.  As a reminder, under current law, congressional staff are not allowed  to make political contributions to their employers.   I urge my colleagues to oppose this resolution because it is quite  simple: unions don't make sense for Congress.   