 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Louisiana for  yielding and for claiming the time this evening.   Madam Speaker, in 27 days, adherence to the constitutional principles  will be returned to this institution.   In 27 days, accountability will be returned to our government.   In 27 days, Republicans will take the majority in this Chamber,  secure the committee gavels, and begin the long climb to deliver a  strong economy, a safe Nation, a free future, and an accountable  government.   I say ``the long climb'' because over the course of the last 2 years  of one-party Democratic rule in Washington, America has lost its way.  We have seen trillions of hard-earned tax dollars and trillions  borrowed from the next generation wasted. We have seen our national  border overrun with millions of illegal immigrants and enough illicit  and deadly fentanyl to kill every American many times over.   After decades of trying, America finally successfully achieved energy  independence under the Trump administration. But in 2 years we have  seen this country driven back into the ditch of energy dependence on  foreign dictators and the high energy prices that come with it.   We have seen the funding of an army of 87,000 new IRS agents to go  after the middle-class, working Americans in this country, catastrophic  failures in Afghanistan and elsewhere around the world, and a justice  system targeting concerned parents, vaccine mandates damaging our  military readiness, unelected bureaucrats run amok in virtue signaling,  and Big Tech in cahoots with our government to stifle free speech for  half of the American citizenry.   That is a mind-boggling amount of damage over 2 short years, and even  a strong Nation like America can only take so much. But, thankfully,  the turnaround begins on January 3, 2023, when Republicans retake the  majority in the U.S. House of Representatives.   All of these issues are vitally important to the good folks back in  my home of middle Tennessee. But I truly believe no issue is more  important than that of the right to free speech. George Washington  said, ``If freedom of speech is taken away, then dumb and silent we may  be led, like sheep to the slaughter.''   We recently learned that Twitter colluded with the Biden campaign and  allegedly the FBI to suppress damaging information to President Biden's  campaign. This only makes me wonder:   What else are these Big Tech companies hiding?   Soon enough, we will be able to find out.   Additionally, Securities and Exchange Commissioner Gary Gensler  appears to be on a mission to destroy our small farms and businesses.  He failed to provide proper oversight of crypto companies while cozying  up to the biggest crypto fraud of the last decade, all while not  appearing before the House Financial Services Committee in over 428  days.   Proper oversight will be on its way in 27 days.   Madam Speaker, for too long unelected bureaucrats have not had to  answer to the American people. Make no mistake: no stone will go  unturned in order to deliver the accountability the American people  truly deserve.   