 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I come to the floor today to speak of a  person who took his own life. It was either on Thursday or Friday of  last week. It happens far too often.   This guy was an Army veteran. His name was Dave Belcher, and I had  known Dave for 30 years. Dave worked at White Refrigeration as a  salesman. I bought TVs from him in the early nineties. I bought the  first front-loading washer from him and a refrigerator. He was just a  great guy--just a great guy--but he had a challenge. His challenge was  that he served his country, and because of that service to this  country, he ended up with something that we talk about on this floor a  lot. It is called post-traumatic stress disorder, PTSD. And because of  that PTSD, Dave, not to my knowledge at the time when I first met him,  but he was fighting demons, and he fought demons throughout his life.  There were issues of depression and guilt that he just couldn't  overcome and in the end, probably some paranoia involved, but he ended  up taking his own life.    I think to myself, back when I first met Dave 30 years ago, how this  guy was as normal as anybody you would ever meet. He is not somebody  you would look at and say: You know, he has got a bunch of problems. He  is not somebody who you could predict, 30 years after the fact, that he  would have taken his own life, but that is what happened.   It happens far too often. In fact, it happens 22 times a day to our  veterans in this country. This time, it happened to somebody whom I  considered a friend--not somebody I saw a lot, but he is somebody who I  knew had his struggles in the end. He went through veterans court. He  was one of the first graduates of the veterans court and was somebody  who did his best to try to get his life turned around, but it didn't  happen. The demons got him.   I just wanted to come to the floor today to say: Dave, you and all  your friends who have served this country have people in the Senate,  people in Congress who fight for you every day.   For those folks who are watching this, who can relate to what I am  saying, if you have an issue, please get ahold of somebody who can help  you, like a mental healthcare professional out there, because mental  health can be fixed. All you need to do is get the tools to be able to  deal with it.   I yield the floor.   