 Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at  the desk made in order by the rule.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support  of my amendment to H.R. 7946, the Veteran Service Recognition Act,  which requires the Secretary of Homeland Security to propose  regulations to implement this bill no later than 90 days after the date  of enactment.   Our deported veterans have waited long enough. These men and women  are  [[Page H8771]]  heroes; and how did we thank them for their service after they fought  for our country around the world? We deported them. That is despicable  and goes against every principle this country stands for.   At the very least, we owe them an opportunity to naturalize, to live  in the country they fought for, to raise a family and to live and  pursue their American Dream, the dream they have earned, the dream they  have fought for.   I came to Congress 6 years ago and introduced the Repatriate Our  Patriots Act because I was in shock that the United States was  deporting American veterans. This gave them a pathway to citizenship.   Today, I am proud to see Chairman Takano's bill on the floor.  Together, we have been fighting this cause to ensure future  servicemembers have the resources to naturalize and become American  citizens.   I can't think of anything more shameful than to deport an American  veteran, someone who has worn our uniform and fought for our freedom.   Most of the issues that have occurred when they come home are due to  PTSD and scars that they bring back from the battlefield. I have spoken  time and again to my constituents in South Texas, to veterans across my  border, and to people across this country, and the consensus is clear:  Congress must fix this and bring every last veteran home.   This Congress has taken more action than any before by signing the  Honoring our PACT Act to clear the way for veterans to get the  healthcare they deserve after incurring illnesses in the line of duty.  But we can't stop there.   While there is no way to adequately apologize to veterans who have  been deported after bravely serving this country, this is a step in the  right direction.   For decades, many veterans have not been with their families; have  not celebrated anniversaries and holidays. They couldn't be with loved  ones for important moments like graduations and birthdays. This is our  chance to act, and our chance to show we can grow and correct the  wrongs and create a nation that really is for all.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  support my amendment and to ensure the Department of Homeland Security  acts swiftly and comprehensively to propose regulations and implement  this critical bill.   I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote in favor of  the underlying bill, the Veteran Service Recognition Act, to ensure  these servicemembers can come home, and that we will never, ever deport  a single veteran again.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to  support my amendment and the underlying bill and assure justice is  served to all who have served our country.   Mr. Speaker, a vote against this bill and against this amendment  would be on the wrong side of history.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   