 Mr. President, one, I want to associate myself with the  comments of Senator Collins from Maine. That was a great story about  why we should all be happy today with Finland and Sweden and why this  makes a lot of sense.   There is one person I want to thank whom I don't usually give a big  shout-out to: President Putin from Russia. Without you, we wouldn't be  here. You have done more to strengthen NATO than any speech I could  ever hope to give.   John McCain, I wish you were alive today to celebrate because what we  have been able to accomplish here through Putin's invasion of Ukraine  is to remind everybody in the world, when it comes to bullies, you  better stand up to them before it is too late. So our friends in  Finland and Sweden have decided to join NATO. That is a good thing.   But let me put Ukraine in perspective right quick. Our military  leaders and our experts told us: After the invasion, 4 days, they would  be in Kyiv. Well, they miscalculated. They overestimated the  capabilities of the Russians, and they certainly undercalculated the  resolve of the Ukrainian people.   We are 160 days into this fight. Ukraine is still standing, bloodied  but unbowed; NATO is bigger; crippling sanctions on the Russian  economy; the ICC is investigating war crimes committed by Putin and his  cronies. You have 100 U.S. Senators--we can't agree on Sunday being a  day off--have agreed that Russia should be a State sponsor of terrorism  under U.S. law.   So 160 days into this fight, I am telling you right now, things are  looking pretty good for the good guys. And I say that knowing how much  suffering has gone on in the Ukraine. But today, we are here to admit  two new members of NATO.   NATO has been the strongest force for good, I think, on the planet  since 1949. It is a group of countries organized around democratic  concepts that have pledged to one another mutual defense--an attack on  one is an attack on all. It has deterred war. It has been a stabilizing  influence in Europe since the end of World War II. And along comes  Putin.   So NATO today is going to be bigger than it was before the invasion.  NATO today is going to have more military resources than before the  invasion by Russia into Ukraine.   Again, I want to thank President Putin. You have done something for  the democratic world that we have not been able to do for ourselves.   To NATO, as an organization, keep your eye on the ball; pay your 2  percent.   To my friends who suggest that expanding NATO makes us weaker against  China, what movie are you watching? How can you believe for one moment  abandoning Ukraine or showing less of a commitment to European  stability will make China more afraid of us and less likely to invade  Taiwan?   The best thing we could do right now as a world--particularly, the  democratic world--is to become stronger in the face of aggression, to  make NATO bigger. And we are going to accomplish that in a few minutes.   To all my colleagues who have come down here and spoken on behalf of  the admission of these two countries, God bless you; you are on the  right side of history.   One regret I do have is my great friend Senator McCain could not see  today come about because he would be exceedingly pleased that the  democratic world has rallied in the face of the aggression by Putin.   With that, I yield the floor.   