 Madam Speaker, I live in northern Wisconsin over 1,000  miles away from the southern border. Yet, the impacts of President  Biden's open border are being felt right in our backyard.   A few weeks ago, I had the opportunity to meet with the Sawyer County  Sheriff's Office where they shared the local impacts that they are  feeling from the Biden administration's open border, especially from  illegal drugs.  [[Page H7241]]    Madam Speaker, 1.5 pounds of meth with a cartel stamp was recovered  in Radisson, Wisconsin, a tiny little burg. Madam Speaker, \1/4\ pound  of heroin with a cartel stamp was recovered in Sawyer County, and  fentanyl drug busts have become a regular occurrence. There they are.  Cartel stamps there. In many respects, they are running America at this  point.   Madam Speaker, I agree with Mayor Adams of New York City and Mayor  Bowser right here in Washington, D.C., that every State is now a border  State.   Just look at those images. This is now all over the country poisoning  Americans. These aren't overdoses, they are poisonings. They are  deliberate at this point. While you in the mainstream media keep  deflecting from the Biden-orchestrated crisis at the southern border,  cartels are getting richer, and Americans are losing loved ones.   Last year, the U.S. saw a tsunami of overdose deaths, over 100,000  now dying annually. Fentanyl is now the leading cause of death of  Americans from 18 to 45. In fact, in my home county of Oneida County  way up in northern Wisconsin, the sheriff's office noted more people  died from fentanyl overdoses than anything else for the first time in  the history of the county.   Yet, despite the reality of these heartbreaking overdose facts, soft- on-crime States like California are releasing drug traffickers busted  with 150,000 fentanyl pills on cashless bail. And to no one's surprise,  they aren't showing up in court.   I stand before you today to plead for this body to do something,  anything, to secure our southern border.   President Biden, Secretary Mayorkas, and this Democrat-controlled  Congress has shattered the peace and quiet of too many American  neighborhoods for far too long, leaving countless families who have  lost a son or daughter as collateral damage.   What President Biden is doing on the border--or more accurately what  he isn't doing--is not working. We do not have operational control of  our southern border. Look at these images. Look at those images. The  only people who have operational control are cartels.   It is time to finish the border wall and the failed policy of catch  and release and designate the drug cartels as the terrorist  organizations that they are.   This shouldn't be a political issue. This is a life-or-death  situation for many Americans.   Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Louisiana for this Special  Order, as we continue to view the degradation of society and the  horrible images that we continue to see across America.     Will the gentleman yield?    Madam Speaker, Secretary Mayorkas has now been called a  ``liar'' by the Border Patrol. The Border Patrol has said: You are not  telling the American people the truth. We have seen it in the Judiciary  Committee.   