 Mr. President, we study about checks and balances in  government in political science classes.  [[Page S18]]  Often, people think in terms of the Court, the Supreme Court,  primarily, being a check on the Congress of the United States not doing  constitutional things or things in a constitutional way or maybe  checking a President not doing things that he is constitutionally  empowered to do.   We don't often think of Congress being a check on the judicial branch  of government, but from time to time we pass legislation that says: To  you folks on the Supreme Court making a decision, you didn't make that  decision according to what congressional intent was. So we find  ourselves passing legislation to overturn some Court case that  misinterpreted a statute. At least that is our view that they  misinterpreted a statute or congressional intent.   The last time I remember doing this was maybe a couple, 3 years ago  on a tax bill. It happened that I had at least one person interpreting  our statute correctly on this tax provision. It was Justice Breyer. I  got a little note from Justice Breyer, pointing to his dissent in that  case, and it said: It is an opportunity for you to pass a statute  correcting what, I think, was a misinterpretation by the majority of  that tax provision.   And we got that passed.   So here I am again. I don't know how many times in the last 30 years  I have had to correct Court decisions misinterpreting the False Claims  Act. We are in the process of trying to do that on the subject of  whether or not certain actions of our government are material to that  case actually being able to be prosecuted. I am talking about the False  Claims Act that I and a liberal Member of the House of Representatives  got passed in 1986.   The False Claims Act is the government's most powerful tool in  fighting and deterring fraud. And I say to my fellow colleagues that  any law that has brought in about $65 billion of fraudulently taken  money, that ought to, in itself, prove the worth of this legislation.   On the other hand, the courts interpret it and maybe weaken it, so I  am back here to make an argument for strengthening it but not  strengthening it beyond the original intent of the Congress of the  United States in 1986. I have devoted much of my time in the Senate to  strengthening this law on behalf of the taxpayers.   Last November, the Judiciary Committee voted on a bill that I  sponsored that was very much a bipartisan cosponsorship to further  strengthen the False Claims Act by clarifying what violations are  ``material.'' Some of my colleagues expressed concern with my  amendment, even in light of the fact that this legislation has brought  $65 billion of fraudulently taken money back into the Federal Treasury.  Most of those concerns by my colleagues were based on debunked,  recycled talking points from lobbyists that sound a lot like the ones  that I have been hearing since 1986--the purpose of the legislation.  Most of the time, they have come from businesses that profit the most  from defrauding the government.   When I authored the False Claims Act amendments in 1986, I did it  because fraud against the Federal Government was out of control,  especially in the defense sector. At the time, the Justice Department  estimated that we were losing somewhere between 1 percent to 10 percent  of the Federal budget to fraud. Most importantly, I saw that fraud put  lives at risk, including those of our military, those of our law  enforcement, and even of our veterans. So I am going to speak about  some of this fraud that put lives at risk.   Recent court misinterpretations--and these are the misinterpretations  that I have talked about already. Recent court misinterpretations have,  once again, like several times in the last 25 years, hurt the  government's ability to hold these fraudsters accountable by the courts  that have made those decisions not following properly legislative  intent.   Some courts now say that if the government keeps paying a claim  despite some knowledge of potential fraud, then the violation is not  material. Now, that is not common sense. If the government knows of  fraud--now, think of this: If the government actually knows of fraud  but keeps paying for that fraud, then that fraud can't be prosecuted  under the False Claims Act.   That doesn't make sense to hard workers on Main Street in the  Midwest. It doesn't meet the commonsense test for the government to  protect fraudsters. This is wrong, and I want to show you some  instances of where it is dangerous.   Today, I want to bring examples to you about real cases with real  life experiences, cases where, had this flawed interpretation applied,  the results would have been absurd and tragic.   First, in 2009, a major defense contractor settled a False Claims Act  case with the Federal Government for $325 million after allegations  arose that they provided faulty parts for spy satellites. Due to the  faulty parts, several satellites started to malfunction. One of them  was on an important mission over the Middle East during a time of war.   Evidence showed that the contractor knew about the malfunctions but  hid--hid--these modifications from the government. But even if the  government had some idea about fraud, it couldn't stop payment because  the contractor was the only company that could manufacture and support  these satellites. Had this case been brought today, a court could  incorrectly find that the violation was not material.   This ought to be unacceptable, and it is. This kind of fraud can hurt  our troops and damage our national security.   Second example: Fraud hurts our law enforcement officers here at  home. In 2018, the Justice Department settled a fraud claim brought by  a whistleblower against a manufacturer of bulletproof vests. According  to public records, the manufacturer knew the vests would actually  degrade and degrade very quickly under normal heat and humidity. The  manufacturer tried to cover its tracks by publishing misleading data.   Those actions delayed the government's efforts to determine the true  extent of the damage to these bulletproof vests. After years of  investigation, a National Institute of Justice study found that more  than 50 percent of the used vests could not stop a bullet--a very life- threatening issue.   In this case, the manufacturer argued that since the government kept  paying for the vests, the fact that they didn't work was immaterial.  Thankfully, the judge had common sense enough to see past such  ridiculous arguments. In other words, common sense prevailed in that  particular courtroom.   Now, remember, the actions of these fraudsters put our law  enforcement personnel's lives at risk. Now, we had a brave  whistleblower. So thanks to that brave whistleblower who uncovered this  fraud, the money recovered from the settlement was used to purchase new  bulletproof vests.    Third example and last example: Fraud hurts our veterans and  undermines the Federal programs Congress created to support them and  their families.   Another case involved fraud in home loans insured by the VA. The goal  of these loans is to keep veterans in their homes. So, as most veterans  know, VA loans prohibit lenders from charging veterans hidden fees. In  this instance, a mortgage lender was illegally charging our veterans  fees for VA-insured loans.   But the government never ceased payment because doing so would hurt  the program and the veterans it was meant to help--not to mention that  once a loan guarantee is approved, the VA is prohibited by law from  declining payments.   Despite this, the district court applied the bogus new interpretation  of materiality. The court dismissed the case. In other words, the  fraudsters got away with it, and the court dismissed, saying that the  government's continued payment meant the fraud was not material. So the  government is allowing a program to go on, pay money out, even if they  know there is fraud.   So let me underscore the obvious. I am telling you, Congress didn't  intend for courts to find that fleecing veterans for profit is  immaterial. The legislation that has come out of the Judiciary  Committee will fix this nonsense. And I hope some Republicans--because  most of the opposition in the Judiciary Committee came from  Republicans. Democrats understand that this bill must pass, but, for  some reason, Republicans are willing to accept this nonsense about  immateriality.   So that is the purpose of this legislation. It clarifies that the  government's  [[Page S19]]  decision to continue paying a claim despite knowledge of fraud is not  dispositive if other reasons exist for the continued payment--these  simple reasons like everybody expected our government ought to do: to  continue protecting our troops, to continue helping our law enforcement  officers be safe in their job, and to make sure that a veteran doesn't  get taken as a sucker to give away a lot of money that would be  illegally taken.   So, as shown by the examples I just gave you, examples I highlighted  this very day, the government's decision to continue paying a claim by  itself doesn't prove materiality.   You may ask: Why did the government continue the payments? Well, that  is pretty much simple common sense too--because you want these programs  to function the way they should function.   My amendment will guarantee that the government can hold fraudsters  accountable even when the government has to continue payment for a  product or a service.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   