 Mr. Speaker, this bill once again demonstrates the long  and proud tradition of bipartisan work by the Tactical Air and Land  Forces Subcommittee. Our members have shared the great responsibility  to keep America's land and air forces the best in the world.   I especially want to recognize our ranking member, Mrs. Hartzler, for  her contributions to this bipartisan bill. Many of us know that this  will be her final defense authorization bill in this Chamber, and I  thank her for her hard work. Her efforts have made America stronger.    Mr. Speaker, this bill supports the investment of resources necessary  to equip and modernize our military while continuing the necessary  oversight to ensure responsible execution and accountability for  Department of Defense programs.   The bill includes:   Aggressive oversight of strike fighter aircraft programs, including  the most expensive, the F-35.   Particular attention to and management of risk associated with the  Department's manned and unmanned ISR systems.   Continued oversight of the Army and Marine Corps modernization  strategies.   And of particular importance to me and Mrs. Hartzler is the bill's  support for the resources required to reduce risk to our defense  industrial base.   Mr. Speaker, I express my strong support for the pro-worker  provisions included in this bill that I championed that would boost  domestic manufacturing and guarantee Federal contractors a $15 an hour  minimum wage.   Finally, to the Tactical Air and Land Forces Subcommittee staff who  have done a great job, both majority and minority: Bill Sutey, Heath  Bope, Carla Zeppieri, Liz Griffin, Kelly Repair, and certainly our  clerk, Payson Ruhl.   I also thank my personal staff who have done a great job: Katie Lee,  Lucy Perkins, and Kevin Seger.   I also take a moment of privilege to thank the ranking member and  chairman for setting the tone for this great bill. I urge everybody to  support this.    Mr. Speaker, the gentleman is correct. We all want an  open, competitive, and fair contracting process. The Department of  Defense, as we know, is the largest government contractor--over $400  billion a year in contracts--60 percent are by the Department of  Defense.   This amendment would ensure that the DOD contractors are not  violating labor law--things that we all agree on. They do not have the  privilege of receiving taxpayer dollars if they are violating this.  These taxpayer dollars should go to companies that are helping to build  and strengthen our country, not tear it down.    American workers are why we are the greatest country in the world. It  is their strength that makes us a reality.   Under this amendment, unfair labor practices are more than just an  accusation, they are to be found in violation of the NLRA. The idea of  having this, it has been proven you have violated--you still have an  option--you settle the problem and then you can get on the bid list.  Right now the Department of Defense does have that issue.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this very  important amendment.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Once again, we are talking about our most valuable asset in this  country, its workers, and the ability to treat them with fairness and  giving them the ability to achieve the American Dream; that starts with  their ability to go after contracts through their company. However, if  their company is not playing by the rules, they are flooding their  ability to have a voice in the workplace, to vote for a union, this is  where the issue begins and where the amendment addresses.   Very simply, it says: Play by the rules, have a neutrality agreement,  and you should be given a preference, a preference for the American  worker.   That is just so incredibly important given the challenges of the  supply chain. At a time when we are challenged throughout the globe of  getting the parts and the supplies we need to build the greatest  defense in the world, we are being challenged because of something we  have control over--our workforce and treating them well and fairly  under the rules of the government are incredibly important.   That is why this amendment is just so important. It says that to be a  responsible contractor, treat your employees fairly, level the playing  field, and let them have the choice.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this  amendment.    Mr. Speaker, this is something I know quite a bit about  because I was one of those young electricians in an area hoping to get  a job, and then I see somebody come from hundreds of miles away with  their company and undercut by literally cutting their wages and kicking  back to their employers.   Now, I am not suggesting that happens everywhere. But there is  nothing more frustrating than to have a job in your local community  that goes to outsiders who travel from very far distances to replace  the workers who live there.   Each of us understands how much we care about our districts. Each of  us understands that on a level that is proven every November. We love  our districts. We want to help those in our districts.   This is why I find it so surprising that we wouldn't want to fight  for a local hire agreement, a 60-mile radius. Take any point in this  country, in 60 miles, you will find qualified workers. If, God forbid,  that is not available, there are waivers allowed here for the  Department of Defense.   That is the important part to understand. There are qualified people  throughout this country who do construction work on an annual basis,  who do specialized work. They are the ones who live in that community.  They are the ones who pay the taxes in that community.   To have somebody come in from distances outside the State, who don't  pay the taxes, and take that money back to their area, God bless them.   Where we have the ability to fight for our constituents in our  districts through local hire, this is the smart thing to do. It is not  only smart for the local people, but they are good workers who have  been trained well.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to vote for their districts  and vote for this amendment.   