 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate Mr. Perry's  leadership on this issue.   Secretary Mayorkas' testimony today in a hearing was that the border  is secure. You have to ask yourself: What would an unsecure border look  like as defined by this administration, by this President, and by this  Democrat majority?   I wish the Democrats were with us across the aisle tonight to try to  defend the indefensible. I wish the Democrats were here tonight to tell  the American people why they are intentionally, willfully, and  purposefully facilitating this border invasion.   Many of us thought the President would open the border, would rescind  the policies that were making the border secure under the Trump  Presidency, but most of us probably underestimated how effective he  would be in facilitating the invasion at the border, to your point,  some 7,000 to 8,000 a day now that we encounter, that we apprehend  before we bus or fly them into the interior of the country.   Never in the history of the country has our own President done more  to intentionally harm the United States than what this President has  done in his first 16 months. If we secured the border now--if today we  secured the border, we have done irreparable, untold harm to the  country that will only be shown in the next days, weeks, months, and  years ahead.   We have got 2,000 criminal aliens a day evading apprehension. Think  about this. This administration's policies are welcoming these illegal  aliens into the country, giving them their free phones, free  transportation, free education, social services, and healthcare, and  releasing them into the interior of the country wherever they want to  go without even a day to appear in court.   Why are the 2,000 a day avoiding apprehension? Those are the ones  with the criminal backgrounds, the terrorist ties, trafficking drugs,  trafficking humans, children, and what have you, who don't want to be  captured, don't want to be apprehended.   This administration admits that 42 on the terrorist watch list have  been caught in the last year coming into the country out of the 2  million plus who they apprehended. What about the 700,000 in the first  15 months that they didn't apprehend? How many of those have terrorist  ties? We have no idea. The country will find out, sadly, in the days,  the weeks, and the months ahead.    Mr. Speaker, I had a constituent say to me a  couple weeks ago: Nothing this Democratic Party is doing makes sense  unless they hate the country.   Carry these policies to its logical conclusion. As Congresswoman  Boebert said, they are on track for 10 million illegal border crossings  in this President's first and only term, I hope.   Ten million, apparently, is not a problem. We cannot get one  Democrat. We cannot get one Democrat.   Where are the Democrats?   Mr. Speaker, do you want to know why they are going to lose the  majority?   It is because of what Congressman Cloud just said.   Carry these policies to its logical conclusion. Ten million is not  scary to them.   What if it was 100 million?   What if it was 1 billion?   We have got 7 billion people in the world who don't live in the  United States.   How many of them would come here if they could?   We have put out the sign, the Democratic majority and the  administration, come. If you want to come in the country, come now. The  border is open. We are welcoming as fast as we can, as much harm as we  can do before the election in November, before 2 years from now in 2024  when the Presidential election changes. Carry it to its conclusion.   Is there any number that would concern the Democrat majority?   Is there any number where we could get Democrats to sign on to this?   Nothing they are doing makes sense unless they hate the country.   