 Madam President, reserving the right to object.    Madam President, our Nation's seniors deserve meaningful  solutions that increase prescription drug access and affordability.   This bill, unfortunately, would double down on the deepest flaws in  our current healthcare system and usher in a host of new problems from  fewer treatments to more bureaucracy. And, yes, it is almost certain  under this legislation we would see launch prices for new drugs  actually increase. The solution is not to go and double down on a  failed socialist theory of price-fixing and work to make our market  better.   Even setting aside the overwhelming implementation challenges and  technical issues that this legislation would present from the outset,  the provisions included would do far more harm than good, particularly  for the very older Americans they are intended to help.   I would note from the outset there is talk about wanting to have  process and a vote. This legislation was just introduced today. It just  got a bill number today. There has been no vetting of this legislation  in the committee, which is the regular order of this Senate. There has  been no public analysis. There has been no public review. There has not  been any hearing on this legislation. There has been not any  negotiation on this legislation.   I heard numbers thrown out here about what a savings this would be.  CBO has not scored this legislation, and there are serious flaws with  it.   Under this proposal, we would see a staggering decline in the game- changing research and development that our universities, medical  centers, and entrepreneurs conduct every day, as vital investments in  the cures of the future would decline.   As countless studies of price control mandates like the one before us  today have concluded, these policies would slash new drug discoveries  in the years to come, jeopardizing some of the highest risk projects,  in particular.   Potential treatments targeted at conditions affecting seniors at high  [[Page S607]]  rates, like certain cancers, would likely suffer the greatest impact,  as Medicare would become increasingly stagnant and unable to meet the  evolving needs of rapidly aging populations.   After coming in under budget with satisfaction rates soaring and  premiums remaining remarkably stable, Medicare Part D would lose the  market-driven structure that has made it such a success story for so  many seniors. Instead, we would move closer to a government-run  healthcare system--which is the ideal and the goal--where bureaucratic  price controls like these would become the norm.   The vast majority of Americans, in my opinion, still reject the  notion of a government-run healthcare system and price controls in  place of a free market.   Meanwhile, our frontline healthcare providers have weathered a truly  unprecedented 2 years of pandemic, and they would face a sweeping,  immediate, and drastic payment cut as this legislation aims to advance  immediate payment reductions under Medicare Part B with direct  implications for doctors and other healthcare professionals across all  settings.   In the face of widespread provider burnout, retirements, closures,  and consolidation, these cuts risk accelerating trends that already  jeopardize access to healthcare for far too many Americans from all  walks of life, particularly in rural and underserved communities.   The VA, which has been referenced here, for its part, would  inevitably see higher healthcare costs as any discounts or other price  concessions that lower drug costs for our Nation's veterans would  disappear.   Previous payment systems along these lines that have been suggested  in the past have resulted in a host of unintended consequences, from  higher launch prices to withheld rebates and discounts.   Our veterans do not stand to gain from being tied to this unvetted  and failed new proposal.   As we confront unprecedented challenges at home and abroad, we must  look to consensus-driven solutions that meet Americans' everyday needs,  including prescription drug access and affordability. We can agree on  that.   Members across the political spectrum have developed bipartisan drug  pricing policies that could make a meaningful difference for workers  and families. I have introduced legislation which is waiting in the  committee for a vetting rather than coming to the floor here to try to  get it brought to the floor without even going through Senate regular  order.   My legislation is called the Lower Cost, More Cures Act. Here is just  a quick summary of what it contains: a hard cap on annual out-of-pocket  spending for all seniors under Medicare Part B, with an installment- based monthly payment option; reforming of Medicare Part B benefits to  reduce seniors' cost-sharing burdens and incentivize plans to negotiate  the best possible deal for enrollees; increasing Part D plan choices;  increasing options; and reducing prices.   My bill does have an out-of-pocket monthly insulin cap at $35. That,  you might remember, is the insulin cap that President Trump put into  place. That is the kind of approach we need to follow.   It also includes establishing a chief pharmaceutical negotiator to  combat foreign freeloading and ensuring the best trade deals that  achieve American success in dealing with these price discrepancies that  are driven by terrible behavior from our counterparts in other parts of  the global economy; strengthening our consumer-oriented oversight  through our cost-comparison tools and price transparency measures and  robust reporting requirements in the drug supply chain; facilitating  value-based arrangements where private and public sector payers can pay  based on patient outcomes, driving better results for patients; and  restructuring payments for drugs administered in the doctor's office or  hospital outpatient department to encourage physicians to deliver cost- effective treatment options where appropriate clinically.   My point is, there are a lot of solutions that can work within the  consistent free market and private sector solutions that we have solved  here and are working on to make them better.   We have an opportunity to lower prescription drug costs without  threatening access to therapies or cures or the future handling of  giving an advantage, frankly, to our global rivals like the Chinese.  With a bipartisan and bicameral effort undertaken through regular  order, we could make a major impact on these issues. This legislation,  unfortunately, does no such thing. It is thoroughly unvetted, showing  no signs of technical assistance or practical feasibility. It has not,  as I said, received a CBO score or even an informal analysis or a  committee hearing. It did not advance through regular process in the  Senate.   I see that our time is running out, and so I will end my comments at  this point but just ask my colleagues to let us engage in regular order  in the Finance Committee in the Senate and work these issues through.  There are a lot of ideas on the table. Let's work them through rather  than try to cram through one side's idea on the very day the bill was  introduced in the Senate. I object.   