 Madam President, I rise today to speak about a really  important victory in Virginia yesterday--a victory for the Monacan  Indian Nation, and it is a victory that I have had a hand in over the  course of many years. I want to describe it and celebrate it.   When the English came to Virginia first in 1607, there were thriving  Virginia Native populations. The populations east--in eastern Virginia,  east of Richmond--were part of a larger confederacy called the Powhatan  Confederacy, and they spoke an Algonquian-based language. There were  Tribes in the southern part of Virginia that spoke an Iroquois-based  language, and Tribes in the western part of Virginia spoke a Sioux- based language. One of these Tribes was the Monacan Tribe.   John Smith, in 1607, 1608, and 1609, traveled all around the  Chesapeake Bay and its tributaries and did some very detailed mapmaking  of the area, including a town that he called the chief Monacan town  named Rassawek. Rassawek is on a point of land in what is now Fluvanna  County, VA, where the Rivanna River and the James River combine.   Rassawek was the headquarters, or the chief administrative town, of  the Monacan Tribal Nation. The story of the Virginia Tribes is one of  triumph, but also one of tragedy. Many of the Tribes made peace  treaties with the English in the 1670s. All of these Tribes were  discriminated against, and some were driven far from their homes.   The Monacan Tribe was driven by the English settlers from Rassawek,  further west into Amherst County, and then many of them were driven  even further west into the middle west end and other places. But  Rassawek maintained its sacred status to the Monacan Nation for many  reasons, including the fact that so many of Monacan families were  buried there and their remains are still there.   An aspect of the tragedy of the Virginia Tribes is that: When I was  elected to be a Senator in 2012, none of the Virginia Tribes had ever  been recognized, even though many still live intact in communities in  Virginia. There were over 500 Tribes that had been federally  recognized. The Virginia Tribes are part of exhibits at the Smithsonian  Museum at the foot of Capitol Hill; and yet they had never been  recognized. And they had never been recognized for three reasons.   One, they made peace treaties with the English rather than with the  United States. Often, recognition begins with the treaty entered into  with the United States. Second, often, recognition is determined by  extensive submission of land records and other records. Many Virginia  courthouses were burned during the Civil War, and so records  establishing Tribal lands, for example, were destroyed.   But, finally, and most cruelly, Virginia had an official named Walter  Plecker who served as the State's director of the Department of Vital  Statistics from 1920 until the 1960s. And he was a eugenicist. He  believed there was no such thing as Indians, that they were all color.  And, systemically, he determined to take every record he could find of  Tribal communities in Virginia and change the racial designation of  those records--birth certificates, marriage licenses, death notices--of  Indian members to ``color,'' even to the point of disinterring Indians  who had been buried in cemeteries that were primarily cemeteries for  Caucasians. This made it, again, very difficult for these Tribes. They  refer to this as the ``paper genocide'' for them to assert their claim  for Tribal recognition.    I started working with the Monacan and six other Tribes when I was  mayor of Richmond on this issue because I became friends with a guy  named Steve Adkins, who is the chief of one of these Tribes, the  Chickahominy Tribe.   We worked over the course of many, many years--these Tribes coming to  Congress and asking for Federal recognition. And when I came into  office in January of 2013, this was very, very high on my to-do list,  to finally right this historic wrong and correct an injustice and allow  these Virginia Tribes--whose stories are so well known and still live  in these communities--to finally be recognized.   Now, we have gotten seven Tribes recognized--one through the Bureau  of Indian Affairs process, the Pamunkey Tribe, and six through an act  of Congress. I thank the Presiding Officer because all of my colleagues  joined together at the end of 2018 and, in a unanimous vote, finally  did justice by the Virginia Tribes, including the Monacan Tribe.   Now onto Rassawek. The Monacans were driven further west and now have  their, sort of, Tribal headquarters in a place called Bear Mountain in  Amherst County. The chief of the Tribe is a man named Ken Branham. Ken  is a good friend.   In 2014, a local authority, the James River Water Authority in  Fluvanna County, decided that strategic location at the merger of two  rivers would be a perfect place to build big water treatment intake and  treatment facility. It  [[Page S1232]]  is a growing community. There are more water needs in the community.  The facility was needed, but the site they chose for the construction  of the facility was Rassawek.   The authority proceeded forward to purchase the land and then  undertake engineering studies to build this water treatment facility.  At the time, 2014, the Monacans had not yet been federally recognized.  They could complain, and they could argue, but they didn't have the  clout that Federal recognition would eventually give them. Yet many  people rallied to the Monacans' cause and said, ``Look, we preserve  other sites all the time.''   Virginia is first in the Nation in preserving, for example, Civil War  battlefield sites, and we preserved the ancestral home of the Powhatan  of Werowocomoco on the York River, which is soon to be a national park.  Should we allow Rassawek to be essentially destroyed and the remains of  Monacans buried there for generations to be disturbed?   Armed with Federal recognition, the Monacans attracted even more  support. The National Trust for Historic Preservation, in 2020, named  Rassawek as one of the most 11 endangered sites in the country. A huge  grassroots effort developed because of the hard work of the Tribe that  assembled thousands and thousands of supporting individuals--some very  nearby Rassawek, but some very far away--to advocate that there has to  be a better solution for this water treatment need in Fluvanna County  than to disturb and destroy Rassawek.   Yesterday, the James River Water Authority, in a unanimous vote,  decided to set aside their plan to do the water intake facility in  Rassawek and to donate the land that they have purchased for that  facility to the Monacan Tribe. The Monacan Nation, in gratitude,  pledges to work together with the James River Water Authority to find a  more acceptable site. A number of alternatives have already been  identified.   This summer, I was canoeing on the James River. I canoed the entire  James River from where it starts, the Allegheny Mountains, to Fort  Monroe in Chesapeake Bay--350 miles. It took me 26 days that I spread  over the spring, summer, and fall. One day in August, I was canoeing  from a town called New Kent to Columbia, passing Rassawek, which was on  river left as I went downstream.   So I reached out to Chief Branham, knowing that the fight about the  future of Rassawek was underway. I said: Could you and Tribal leaders  meet me? I will pull my canoe onshore when I pass by. Meet me and talk  to me about the status of this fight and why it is so important to the  Monacan Nation to win.   So coming down the river with a friend, my former State director who  used to work on this Tribal recognition issue, John Knapp--I want to  thank him, as well as other staffers, Evan and Nick and Tyee and Mary  and other staffers in my office, who worked on this. John and I pulled  our canoe over on the shore in this beautiful spot in rural Virginia  where the two rivers come together. We beached the canoe on a sand  point, climbed a bluff, and met Chief Branham and other members of  Monacan leadership to see the beauty of the site and to share a meal  but also to talk to them about the importance of Rassawek and why they  really, really needed to win this battle. They don't have a plan to  develop Rassawek. They are not going to build anything there. They just  want it to be preserved in its natural beauty out of respect for  Monacan people who have lived there for nearly 5,000 years. Yesterday,  this unanimous vote by the local water authority--a vote of respect, a  vote of acknowledgment--recognized that this is a sacred site.   We in Virginia, we love our history. We love our history, and we  don't want to lose it. The history of the Monacan Nation, the history  of all of our Tribes is worthy of battling. You don't win every battle.  The Monacan Nation won a really important one yesterday, and it might  not have happened. Ninety-nine of my colleagues joined with me to make  sure that the Monacan Nation and the other Virginia Tribes were  finally, after hundreds of years, given Federal recognition.   I just wanted to express my congratulations to the Monacan Nation and  my appreciation to my colleagues for helping me do something good.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my legislative  fellows Nathan Lee, Laura Mosqueda, Sean Philbin, and Montreal  Tennessee be granted floor privileges for the duration of their  fellowships in my office.   