 Madam Vice President, the right to vote is sacred, the  heart of any democracy. And in a proud, though painful tradition,  successive generations of Americans have fought to expand and protect  that right and ensure that we as a country live up to our democratic  ideals. Many risked their safety and even gave their lives in the fight  for the right to vote. From Frederick Douglass to Lucy Burns, from Dr.  Martin Luther King, Jr., to John Lewis, and countless other unnamed and  unknown patriots, Americans have long taken it upon themselves to make  their Union more perfect.   It is because of the sacrifice and unyielding activism of those brave  Americans that the 14th, 15th, 19th, 23rd, 24th, and 26th Amendments  were ratified; the Indian Citizenship Act was passed; the Chinese  Exclusion Act was repealed; and in 1965, the landmark legislation of  the Voting Rights Act was enacted. That transformative law, along with  its bipartisan renewals over the following decades, helped set us on a  path to representation across the Nation that better reflected the  diversity of the American people and better ensured the right to vote.   We cannot allow these hard-earned advances to be reversed.   Yet, as we speak, instead of preserving the right to vote,  Republicans are finding new and insidious ways to make it harder to  cast ballots. Why else would they oppose secure, effective, verifiable  mail-in ballots? What other reason is there for curtailing early voting  and weekend voting? These regressive new laws sprouting up across the  country are clearly meant to discourage voters, particularly people of  color, young people, people with disabilities, and the working class.  That is not just malicious; it is an assault on America's ideals.   In this moment of crisis, only Congress can step in to repair the  breach by passing the Freedom to Vote: John R. Lewis Act. We cannot  wait for others to act. Chief Justice Roberts ruled that Congress needs  to change the Voting Rights Act to preserve its protections for  millions of Americans.   At the State level, at least 19 States passed laws restricting access  to voting in 2021, and a number of States have begun to allow partisan  actors to interfere with election processes or even reject election  results entirely. Blatant gerrymandering is diluting the voice of  minorities and election procedures are being tampered with as  nonpartisan safeguards fall to the wayside.   In the face of this dire onslaught against our democracy, the  Constitution is clear that Congress has both the power and the  responsibility to restore the protections of the Voting Rights Act and  to ensure greater election integrity in our country.   And this isn't a case of so-called red States and blue States. Every  State needs to do more to preserve access to the ballot box, and the  bill before us ensures that Federal elections in every State will be  more secure and more accessible to voters. It sets standards that every  State can meet and provides the resources for them to do so.   Considering the magnitude and urgency of the need for election  reforms, I am dismayed by Republicans who have spent months blockading  a discussion of these bills on the Senate floor while also refusing to  negotiate over any specifics.   Sadly, we have been here before. In 1890, then-Representative Henry  Cabot Lodge introduced a Federal elections bill that would reinforce  the 15th Amendment and combat the wave of laws disenfranchising Black  voters in the South. Though it passed the House, a weeklong Senate  filibuster by Southern Democrats and some Western Republicans led to  the defeat of the legislation in 1891. Imagine--where would we be if  voting rights legislation had existed in the 1890s instead of having to  wait until 1965? How many thousands of lynchings that took place in  those 75 years may have been avoided if Black voters could have had a  voice in who was their sheriff, their judge, their mayor, their  Representative, their Senator, their President? How many generations of  Black children would have had running water, proper books, and  qualified teachers in their schoolhouses?  [[Page S336]]    I hope and believe that history will not repeat itself in such a  gruesome fashion. But I do believe that the impact of the current  disenfranchisement will be felt acutely in minority communities, by  seniors and those with disabilities, and among young people. Without a  voice, their legitimate claims for opportunity and equality will be  muted, and huge discrepancies in income, education, and opportunity  will be perpetuated.   We have tried negotiating with the other side. We have offered an  open debate to the other side. We have held hearings and taken to the  floor to outline the dangers of these State voting changes to our  democracy, but the other side continues to say ``no'' to a debate and  ``no'' to a vote.   While many of my colleagues on the other side voted to certify the  2020 election and some even voted to impeach the former President for  his role in the January 6 assault on the Capitol, by blocking this  bill, they are abetting the former President and his unelected media  allies in spreading the lie that an election that brought more  Republicans to the House of Representatives was somehow ``stolen.''  That claim was false then, and it is false now.   In allowing falsehoods about the election results of 2020 to  proliferate, in celebrating and minimizing the horrors of January 6,  Republicans have chosen a path of seeking short-term wins, not  realizing that when democracy loses, we all lose.   I have a deep respect for Senate rules and precedent, and I have a  strong skepticism when I hear suggestions of changing those rules. I  know that what goes around can come around, so what may seem beneficial  in the moment can become deeply detrimental in the future.   The filibuster has its place, but at a certain point, the right of  every eligible American to exercise their right to vote takes  precedence because you cannot have a democracy if your citizens cannot  vote. It is that simple.   For that existential reason, I will vote to change the rules for the  purposes of this bill and enforce rule XIX so that Senators must  actually take to the floor and make their case to the American people  rather than hide behind procedure when it comes to voting rights.   Our future as a democracy depends on the willingness of this body to  do the right thing and protect voting rights by passing the Freedom to  Vote: John R. Lewis Act. I implore my colleagues: Let's do the right  thing, and let's do it now.   