 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Maloney for  hosting this really important session.  [[Page H4906]]    Mr. Speaker, I rise today with deep concern for the more than 2.2  million Michiganders who will lose access to abortion if this extremist  Supreme Court overturns Roe v. Wade.   If this draft ruling holds, Michigan will return to a 1931 law that  makes it a felony to perform or facilitate an abortion. We must call  laws like this what they truly are: violations of human rights and  bodily autonomy and an egregious attack on essential healthcare  providers.    It must be affirmed in this House that abortion providers are  essential and valued. They provide high-quality, compassionate, and  necessary healthcare and deliver this care courageously, despite  pressures, restrictions, political interference, and violent threats to  their personal safety.   In March, I was proud to join a group of my incredible colleagues-- Representatives Pramila Jayapal; Barbara Lee, who is going to speak  next; Diana DeGette; Cori Bush; and Nikema Williams--to introduce the  first-ever resolution in Congress honoring abortion providers.   We recognized Abortion Provider Appreciation Day in the memory of Dr.  David Gunn, who was tragically murdered outside his abortion clinic in  Pensacola, Florida, by a white supremacist, anti-abortion extremist in  the first known instance of a murder of an abortion provider.  Unfortunately, it was not the last.   I thank Representatives Jayapal, Lee, and Bush for coming forward and  sharing their own stories about abortion, and Representative Newman,  who just did so. Not only have they demonstrated that people make  decisions to have an abortion for an array of reasons; they have also  empowered other women of color and people with lived experiences to  stand by abortion providers in this critical moment.   Today, I want to let all abortion providers know that they are  valued. I especially want to recognize two incredible abortion  providers and tireless advocates in my district, Renee Chelian, the  founder of Northland Family Planning, and her daughter, Lara. I salute  the work these women do in spite of anti-abortion extremists who put  Northland in the headlines locally and nationally.   Beyond its impact on providers, of course, this ruling will have  devastating consequences for women and transgender and nonbinary people  and their communities all across Michigan and this country.   Simply stated, the government has no business interfering in the  private health decisions pregnant people make about their own bodies  and lives in consultation with their doctors.   Let us proclaim loudly and proudly: Abortion rights are human rights,  and we must work toward a future where access to abortion is liberated  from restrictions and bans universally.   