 Madam Speaker, this morning I went to a breakfast where I  heard the thoughts of Miss Sheila Bair. Miss Bair is a Republican. She  describes herself as a Midwest Republican who worked on Senator Dole's  staff for 8 years. She is a former assistant secretary of the Treasury  and a former head of the FDIC under Republican Presidents.   She said specifically the problems with inflation in this country are  worldwide. They are the supply chain, which is worldwide, caused by the  pandemic in China and other problems. They are worldwide. So any more  of this rhetoric about Biden and his problems with the supply chain, it  is not Biden; it is a worldwide problem.   The same thing for the price of oil. Yesterday, in Judiciary  Committee we heard someone say it is Biden's fault that the price of  oil has gone up. The price of oil is a worldwide market. President  Biden's actions do not affect the worldwide market. It is supply and  demand. We need to not hear these canards.   And the same for this bill. This is, as Mr. Nadler said, forced  arbitration. Mr. Johnson has been working on this for years, and I  compliment him on his work and his success. This gives consumers a  chance to get their cases heard and to get a rightful judgment, not be  forced to take an arbitration that is almost always entirely pro- business.  [[Page H3791]]    This is the difference between Republicans and Democrats. Democrats  look out for people, people who have had injustice done to them and  look for a way to correct it and give them equity. Republicans look to  business, who caused the harm, and try to defend them and keep their  pockets full.   I support the bill. All American consumers would support the bill. I  urge its passage.    Madam Speaker, as a member, co-chairman of the Helsinki  Commission, I want to compliment Mr. Cardin and Mr. Wicker and their  work on this bill, bipartisan, from the Senate.   What Russia has done with Ukraine is immoral. It is illegal. It is  against the word, the acts, the intentions of every godly character  ever. God would not have approved. WWJD?   What Russia has done deserves the entire condemnation of the world;  and everything we can do to condemn them and put them out of organized  civilized society is appropriate because they are not acting as a  civilized member of society.   I support this bill. I think there is not too much we can do to  Russia. There is not too much that they have done to Ukraine and  continue to do in killing children, and disabled, and orphans. They  deserve all of the might of the United States that we can put on them  and take away from them. We need to punish them with all we have. I  support the bill entirely.   Glory to Ukraine.   