 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I  rise in support of H.R. 3485. I want to begin by expressing my profound  gratitude to Chairman Meeks for his consistent, passionate, and  powerful support of this bill and of the LGBTQI community broadly. He  has been such a champion for our community. We would not be here today  on this floor without his support, and we are grateful for that.   Mr. Speaker, I also want to recognize Congressman Brian Fitzpatrick,  Senator Shaheen, and Senator Portman for their partnership and  leadership in making this legislation bipartisan and bicameral.   Of course, I want to recognize and thank President Biden for his  incredible commitment to LGBTQI equality here at home and around the  world.   With today's vote, the U.S. House will send a strong message across  the world that every member of the LGBTQI community deserves to live  with dignity and free from violence, unlawful detention, torture, and  other forms of brutality.   H.R. 3485, the Global Respect Act, builds on existing sanction  authorities by requiring the President to deny visas to foreign  nationals who commit gross human rights violations against members of  the LGBTQI community. Let me be clear. This bill protects LGBTQI people  from murder, torture, and other forms of violence.   If you reject this proposal, you are saying people like me can be  murdered and tortured with no consequence. Whether that is your  intention or not, that is the impact of your vote.   In past years, we have seen a dangerous increase in violence against  lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and intersex people and their  families.   So, when my colleague on the other side of the aisle says, ``What is  the need for this?'' tell that to the victims who are being tortured,  detained, and murdered because of who they are.   In too many places, violence against this community is pervasive and  even sanctioned or directed by government officials.   The Universal Declaration of Human Rights states that ``all human  beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights.'' As with any  form of social or legal marginalization, whether based on sex, race,  religion, ethnicity, or other status, the denial of human rights of  LGBTQI people is not only wrong but negatively affects health outcomes,  social stability, the rule of law, and economic potential.   This bill sends a signal to not just the abusers but also signals to  the victims and survivors that the United States stands with them, as  we have throughout the course of human history, in standing up for  human rights.   Victims like Camila Diaz Cordova, a 29-year-old transgender woman  from El Salvador who was arrested, beaten, and thrown from a moving  vehicle after being deported from the United States--she died several  days later; or the young gay man who fled from Sudan to Egypt after  threats of public outing and violence, only to experience kidnapping  and further stigmatization and violence in his new home; or I.J., a  victim of Ramzan Kadyrov's systematic rounding up and torture of men  and women thought to be gay in Chechnya.    In recounting the attack, I.J. said: ``They threw me to the floor and  beat me. They beat my chest and my face with their feet, and they hit  my head against the floor. One of them said: `Do not beat him until the  shock stage. At that point, he will stop feeling pain. We don't need  that.' They addressed me with female pronouns and demanded that I tell  them the names of other gay people I knew. They threatened to kill me  if I didn't.''   In public reports, we heard of ISIS officials throwing gay men off  rooftops and then stoning them to death.   These are just some examples of the many, many stories.   The Global Respect Act is simple. It is straightforward. It gives the  executive branch greater tools to punish those who murder and torture  members of the LGBTQI community.   I want to take a quick moment to tell you what this bill does not do.  It doesn't duplicate existing rights legislation such as the Global  Magnitsky Act because Global Magnitsky is obviously a very important  tool for human rights, but it is voluntary. It has only been used once  for LGBTQI human rights violations, despite many documented cases.    The Global Respect Act is different because it  requires sanctions if a foreign national commits gross human rights  violations against LGBTQI people.   It doesn't have overly broad language. As the chairman said, it has  language that comes from 22 U.S.C. 2304. It doesn't create any new  definitions. It has the definition in existing law of what gross human  rights violation is.   It doesn't prevent speech or religious beliefs. This bill targets  conduct and actions. The Global Magnitsky has never, nor will this bill  ever, be used to impede anyone's right to say or believe anything. It  is their actions, the gross human rights violations, that are at issue.   My friend on the other side of the aisle said it is cancel culture.  When did preventing murder, torture, and violence, and standing up for  human rights, become cancel culture?   We have a long tradition in this country of doing this all around the  world. The Global Respect Act honors that history, that responsibility  that we have as a world superpower to continue to protect and stand up  for human rights in the face of unspeakable human violence.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill, and I  end where I began, with enormous gratitude to our extraordinary  chairman for his leadership on this issue.    Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 900, I offer  the amendments en bloc.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Before I address the en bloc amendments, I just want to respond  quickly to a claim that has been made again on this floor that was made  in the Rules Committee by my friend on the other side of the aisle that  the Magnitsky Act has already adequately covered LGBTQI human rights  violations. I am going to say it one more time: That is simply,  factually incorrect.   All of the cases that my friend cited, Mr. Speaker, do not involve  LGBTQI people, save one. There is one specific LGBTQI case in which  sanctions were imposed in 2019 against the Chechen leader for  kidnapping, torturing, and killing members of the LGBTQI community.   The cases she makes reference to in Bangladesh, in Cuba, and in  Uganda involve judicial corruption, and they involve a government  crackdown on democracy, but they don't involve individuals who were  targeted or brutalized because they were members of the LGBTQI  community.   So there is, in fact, not sufficient use of Magnitsky. That is what  the Global Respect Act will fix. It will make visa sanctions against  such individuals a mandatory requirement.   So this idea of pulling other human rights cases and saying, Isn't  this enough?   It is not. This is a growing, serious, and deadly problem.   Mr. Speaker, I move these amendments which, taken together, both  [[Page H1085]]  strengthen the bill and make a strong statement that the United States  stands with the LGBTQI community around the world.   This package of amendments clarifies that torture is a part of the  definition of a human rights violation. This definition, which we have  used since the passage of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961, makes it  clear that it is actions--torture, cruel, inhuman, or degrading  treatment or punishment--that lead to sanctions.   These amendments firmly state that the value of religious freedom is  protected. The United States has long been a leader of protecting  freedom of religion, and our foreign policy must uphold that tradition.  The Harder amendment within the en bloc makes it clear that no one--I  repeat, no one--will be sanctioned due to their religious beliefs;  instead, only those who commit egregious acts of violence--torture,  enforced disappearances, or extrajudicial killings--will be denied  entry to the United States.   Despite what some of my colleagues may say, religious freedom is not  in conflict with the promotion of global LGBTQI rights. This amendment  acknowledges this truth and upholds the rights of all people regardless  of their religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, or sex  characteristics to be protected from violence and brutality.   These amendments will also provide the Biden-Harris administration  with additional tools to continue its historic work to build the  international coalition of countries protecting LGBTQI people. It is  important that we stand with countries around the world, including  those like Botswana, which legalized same-sex relationships in 2019, to  strengthen equality around the globe.   With today's vote, the U.S. House will send a strong message around  the world that every member of the LGBTQI community deserves to live  with dignity and free from violence, unlawful detention, torture, and  other forms of brutality.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from Georgia (Ms. Williams).    Madam Speaker, I am prepared to close.    Madam Speaker, I just want to respond quickly to two  things before I close. The first is, again, the Global Respect Act,  like Magnitsky, does not punish and cannot be invoked for speech. It is  very clear. It has never been used in that way, and it specifically  targets conduct. But out of an abundance of caution, to reassure our  colleagues on the other side of the aisle, Mr. Harder offers an  amendment that makes that explicit, that says that no one will be  sanctioned due to their religious beliefs. Instead, only those who  commit egregious acts of violence, including: torture, enforced  disappearance, or extrajudicial killings will be denied entry into the  United States.   This notion of like, well, we were concerned about this religion  issue, but when it is explicitly addressed because it is offered by a  Democrat through the  [[Page H1086]]  amendment process and not a Republican, it doesn't satisfy my friends  on the other side of the aisle. It is very disappointing; very  disappointing.   This Global Respect Act legislation is designed to address a real  problem, and I will just say one last time, in section 3 of the bill,  the language in the bill includes gross violations of internationally  recognized human rights as codified in 22 U.S.C. 2304. What is that?  Not your view on marriage, not whether you like someone. It is defined  as: ``. . . torture or cruel, inhuman, or degrading treatment or  punishment, prolonged detention without charges and trial, causing the  disappearance of persons by the abduction and clandestine detention of  those persons, and other flagrant denial of the right to life, liberty,  or the security of person.''   This is a well-established definition for gross human rights  violations. This bill simply says, if you engage in that kind of  behavior, you do not have a right to enter the United States of  America. We will deny you a visa because we stand for human rights.   So I urge my colleagues to support the en bloc amendment, support  this bill, be proud today that the United States is standing again for  the protection of human rights of all people here in the United States,  and around the world.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   