 Madam President, before I ran for the Senate, I ran a  business that started in my hometown. Oftentimes you get criticized  when you try to draw a parallel between a business and this place. And  I guess it is so different, so it would be easy to make that argument.   But in the real world, if you have got a bad idea, you can't just  change the rules. You have got to outcompete. You have got to offer  another product. Only here, with the results that we have produced over  time, would you want it even easier to generate bad ideas and put them  into law.   The comparison between State government and here, I think, is valid.  In almost all State governments, there is a constitutional amendment or  a statute that says you can't spend more than you take in. There are  certain guidelines, whenever you try to put any legislation forward,  that you run it through regular order. We don't do that anymore. That  takes too much time. That takes too much effort.   And when you try to get rid of the things that work in other places  and double down on bad performance, that is what my Democratic  colleagues are trying to do. The radical Build Back Better agenda  failed. And now, instead of changing their agenda, running it through  committees, making it more palatable to get at least one Republican  vote, they want to change the rules.   Changing the rules of the Senate to enact their failed agenda is just  the beginning. They want to completely take over our elections. Senator  Sullivan just said a moment ago, in the Constitution, it couldn't be  more explicit that that is the domain of the States.   Their plan is to silence those who stand in their way to campaign to  fundamentally change in this country election law, and I don't think  the country is going to have it. Thankfully, my Democratic colleagues  can't even get all of their own Members on board. I think that was the  same problem with the Build Back Better agenda. This is just going for  something even more extreme, more impactful. It would have a ripple  effect for who knows how much and how long down the road.   Hoosiers should not have their voice in DC watered down by power- hungry politicians who will do anything to get their way. The For the  People Act should be called the ``For the Politicians Act.'' It would  be a better name because that is what we are enabling here. States like  Indiana, States like Alaska conduct their elections fairly.   And by the way, where were any complaints pre-COVID? You didn't hear  of any. You change the rules; then you want to homogenize it across the  country. That doesn't make sense.   Election integrity measures like voter ID are extremely popular--with  a photo ID. Every State likes that. That polls in close to the 80- percent range, which is unheard of around here.   Americans are fed up with the top-down approach, one size fits all.  It would be different if we were knocking it out of the park to begin  with. We certainly aren't. We ought to work on the issues we can agree  on and the beautiful system that was built. When you can't, don't feel  that the only way it can get done is by doing it here. Turn it back to  the laboratory of the States.   Another thing that irks me: 3 years ago, $18 trillion in debt,  approaching the record level, which we have now eclipsed, post-World  War II. The difference then and now is we were savers and investors  then. We are consumers and spenders now. And this will open the  floodgates for even more heavy burden on our kids and grandkids.   We shouldn't be changing the rules to make it easier to legislate or  spend money when we produce the results that have been produced here  now for decades. We cannot allow President Biden and the Democrats to  change the rules and take over our elections to save their radical,  failed agenda.   I yield the floor.   