 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss H.R. 1836, the  Guard and Reserve GI Bill Parity Act.   As a member of the Army Reserve, I know the critical role that  reservists and members of the National Guard play in defending our  great Nation. Unfortunately, I also know firsthand that sometimes  unique skills and experiences the guardsmen and reservists bring to the  table have been discounted or underutilized. That has always bothered  me, as I personally know of the expertise that exists in our Guard and  Reserve and their capabilities.   Great strides have been made to value the Reserve and Guard like we  value Active Duty, and we have come a long way and we need to continue  that work. At the same time, I also know that Active Duty requires a  level of commitment that does differ from the Guard and Reserve.  Unfortunately, this bill has significant problems that prevent me from  supporting it, which could have been worked out in the committee  process had there been a full legislative hearing on it. And that is  why I say I stand to discuss this bill because this is the first  opportunity I have really had to discuss it.    H.R. 1836 would provide guard and reservists with Active-Duty service  credit towards GI Bill eligibility for every day they are in uniform,  on Federal orders, including training. So this is a status that has  never been counted towards educational benefits.   Now, as cochair of the Congressional Bipartisan Burn Pits Caucus, the  committee's highest priority this Congress has been working to address  the health effects that toxic exposures in the military, including from  burn pits. I am very concerned that the substantial spending in this  bill could pull away from those efforts to address toxic exposure in  this tight fiscal environment.   I also have concerns that this legislation might continue a slow  creep of a permanent Federalizing of the National Guard, which was  never the intent. We must be mindful not to usurp State authority of  the Guard. What I do believe would be appropriate, however, would be to  allow guardsmen and reservists to accrue GI Bill eligibility for any  time spent on Federal Active-Duty service other than training, as many  in this body that serve here in Congress have done as Guard and  Reserve.   I was called to Active Duty for 15 months; 12 months in Iraq. That  should count. And that is a discussion we should have had, and what  actually should maybe count and what should not because I think there  is common ground. But we haven't had a chance to discuss it. There is  just the bill. Representative Moore has offered a substitute amendment  which would do exactly that, and I hope my colleagues will support that  amendment, like I do.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose the bill as offered and  to instead support Representative Moore's substitute amendment.   