 Mr. President, I rise in strong support for Senator  Schumer's request for unanimous consent for the Senate to proceed to  the en bloc consideration of H.R. 6968, the Russian oil ban, and H.R.  7108, the Russian permanent normal trade relations legislation.   I want to thank Senators Schumer, Wyden, Wicker, Paul, Cardin,  Murkowski, Manchin, Lankford, Risch, Menendez, Cornyn, and Sullivan. It  is a long list of Senators who worked hard on this legislation to get  us to this point. They exemplify how you can be both principled and  reasonable.   I want to especially again thank Senator Schumer. We did work  carefully and long together. We spent tireless days working to try to  make sure that this worked out. We, I think, both acknowledge that we  respect the good faith that each of us has shown in moving this forward  and getting it to this point.   Thanks to the efforts of all of these Senators, the Senate is in a  position to pass these important bills. Importantly, their efforts in  this Chamber reflect the best of what Ukraine desperately seeks to  preserve and that which Vladimir Putin is determined to destroy:  freedom and representative government.   That is why the legislation at issue is so important. It strikes  directly at Putin and cuts off the lifeblood for his war machine and  his autocracy by banning U.S. imports of Russian energy products,  including petroleum, natural gas, and coal. It places Russia and  Belarus in the same pariah status as North Korea and Cuba for trade.   The congressional action, including the certification criteria in the  bills, is critical because it signifies a standing commitment to the  Ukrainian people and to our NATO allies that is more durable than  Putin's machinations in Ukraine. This legislation will inspire our  allies to take similar actions against Russia.   As President Zelenskyy told us when he asked for the ban, ``[It] can  be called an embargo [or it can be] just morality.''   Because this legislation is so critical to the support of Ukraine, we  must act in unison on these bills and call on Speaker Pelosi to  promptly vote on this legislation in the House, where it will also  receive a resounding vote in favor.   Therefore, I strongly second Senator Schumer's request and also ask  that the Senate agree to it.   