 Madam President, in keeping with the remarks of the  Republican Senate leader, I would like to start with recognition of  Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer's contribution to America.   On July 12, 1994, a court of appeals judge named Stephen Breyer  appeared before the Senate Judiciary Committee. It was the first day of  his Supreme Court confirmation hearing. As he began speaking, Judge  Breyer laid out his view of the law and its role in maintaining the  fabric of American life.   He said: ``I believe the law must work for people.''   He argued that our Nation's vast web of ``Constitution, statues,  rules, regulations, practices and procedures . . . has a single basic  purpose.''   That purpose, he said, ``is to help the many different individuals  who make up America, from so many different backgrounds and  circumstances, with so many different needs and hopes, live together  productively, harmoniously, and in freedom.''   In his nearly three decades on the Supreme Court, Justice Stephen  Breyer has lived by those words. He has helped ensure that the law is a  force for good, a force for unity, and a force for freedom and  equality.   So, for me, I have truly mixed feelings as I stand here today and  look back on the incredible legacy of Justice Breyer, who announced  last week that he would retire at the end of this term.   And what a legacy he leaves.   Born in San Francisco, Stephen Breyer attended Stanford University  and Harvard Law, and just 3 years after graduating from Harvard, he  returned to the school as a professor, a role in which he inspired a  generation of jurists, public servants.   He held a few other occupations as well. He served our country as a  corporal in the U.S. Army and in the Army Reserve. He was a clerk for  Supreme Court Justice Arthur Goldberg, a member of the Watergate  special prosecutor's office, and chief counsel to the Senate Judiciary  Committee, which I am honored to chair. From there, he was appointed to  the U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit, where he served for  nearly 14 years before his confirmation to the U.S. Supreme Court.   And I might add, for the record, his vote on confirmation to the  Court was 89 to 7. It was a remarkable showing of strength and support  for a man whose politics were clear, as he served with Ted Kennedy on  the Senate Judiciary Committee as his lead counsel for many years.   Justice Breyer's record when he came to the Supreme Court was nothing  short of awe-inspiring. From voting rights to women's reproductive  freedom, from criminal justice to consumer protection, from campaign  finance to immigration, Justice Breyer's voice has been powerful,  pragmatic, thoughtful, and enduring, whether in the majority or in  dissent.   Consider, for instance, Justice Breyer's dissenting opinion in the  1995 case, United States v. Lopez. In that case, the Court's  conservative majority overturned the Gun-Free School Zones Act, finding  that the statute exceeded Congress's power under the commerce clause, a  clear departure from existing, standing precedent. In his dissent,  Justice Breyer melded sound constitutional interpretation with his  signature pragmatism. Citing the facts and the law, he methodically  explained how the widespread problems caused by gun violence in and  around schools clearly affected and threatened commerce.   He concluded: ``Holding that the particular statute before us falls  within the commerce power would not expand the scope of the Clause.  Rather, it would simply apply preexisting law to changing economic  circumstances. It would recognize that, in today's economic world, gun- related violence near the classroom makes a significant difference in  our economic as well as our social well-being.''   That was one of the many opinions that captured Breyer's vision of  the law as a force for productivity, for harmony, and for the well- being of the American people.   Fast forward 20 years. The case was Glossip v. Gross. In that case,  they challenged a form of lethal injection as violating the Eighth  Amendment's ban on cruel and unusual punishment. The Court's  conservative majority rejected the challenge. But once again, Justice  Stephen Breyer responded with conscience and clarity. With his keen  analysis and pragmatic reasoning, he explained the constitutional  infirmities of the death penalty. He wrote: ``Nearly 40 years ago, this  Court upheld the death penalty under statutes that, in the Court's  view, contained safeguards sufficient to ensure that the penalty would  be applied reliably and not arbitrarily. The circumstances and the  evidence of the death penalty's application have changed radically  since then. Given those changes, I believe it's now time to reopen the  question.''   Let me say, parenthetically, it is interesting for me to note how  many Supreme Court Justices, late in their term, facing retirement or  nearing it, reflected on the death penalty. Justice Blackmun was  another. And it says to me that these cases that they decided, once  with an eye towards consistency, weighed on their consciences, and they  came to conclude that the death penalty truly needed to be questioned  under our constitutional values.   Justice Breyer, in that case, recognized that in our system of  justice,  [[Page S399]]  punishment must not only be firm but fair. During his 28 years on the  Court, Stephen Breyer has been a stalwart defender of Americans'  constitutional rights.   As I mentioned, years before he was confirmed to the Supreme Court,  Justice Breyer sat on the Court of Appeals for the First Circuit,  located in Boston. Today, on the banks of Boston Harbor, stands a  building that reflects his lifetime of service: the John Joseph Moakley  United States Courthouse. Let me add, I knew Joe Moakley. He was my  colleague and friend in the House. Then-Judge Breyer helped design that  courthouse, and he still has an office there.   The building features a curved glass wall, stretching across tens of  thousands of feet, so passersby can peer into the courthouse during the  day. It is designed to provide a clear view into the administration of  justice. Engraved on the wall in the building are the names of the  workers who had a hand in building it. Alongside the names of  bricklayers and carpenters, etched in equal standing, is Stephen  Breyer.   Those two principles reflected in the building--transparency and  equality--have, in many ways, defined Stephen Breyer's legal philosophy  and his contribution to America. He understands that our system of  justice is stronger when the American people understand how the law  works and when the law works for them.   Now, we must carry that tradition forward. Soon, President Biden will  announce his selection for Justice Breyer's successor to the Supreme  Court--big shoes to fill. But I have no doubt that President Biden will  select a jurist who parallels Justice Breyer in intellect, ability, and  dedication to public service.   With his retirement, we have an opportunity to confirm another  outstanding Justice, one who will indeed champion the freedoms and  liberties we hold so dear, one who will also remain faithful to the  rule of law and who will approach her work on the Court with the same  thoughtful dedication displayed by Justice Breyer.   We don't yet know who the nominee will be, but here is what we do  know: No matter the nominee, we will undertake a process in the Senate  Judiciary Committee that is both fair and timely. This process will  afford Senators an opportunity to review the nominee's record and  question the nominee thoroughly, while at the same time ensuring the  nominee is treated respectfully and receives a prompt confirmation  vote. We owe that not just to this nominee but to the American people.   Let me close by turning to Justice Breyer's opening statement before  the Judiciary Committee--July 12, 1994. America was watching when  Justice Breyer said: ``You are now considering my appointment to the  Supreme Court of the United States. That Court works within a grand  tradition that has made meaningful, in practice, the guarantees of  fairness and of freedom that the Constitution provides.''   He said, ``I promise you, and I promise the American people, that if  I am confirmed to be a member of the Supreme Court, I will try to be  worthy of that great tradition.''   There is no doubt in my mind or in the mind of any objective analyst,  Stephen Breyer has proven himself worthy of that great tradition.   Whoever his successor may be, I am confident she will do the same.   I want to personally thank Justice Breyer, as a Member of the Senate  but as an American citizen first, for his thoughtfulness, his spirit of  collegiality and consensus building, and for always working to advance  the Constitution's guarantees of fairness and freedom.    Madam President, this week, the Senate will consider  three judicial nominees for the Northern District of Ohio.   Before I speak on the nominees themselves, I would like to commend  Senators Brown and Portman for working across the aisle to develop a  bipartisan selection process.   All three of these nominees were recommended to the White House  through a judicial commission that Senators Brown and Portman  established.   As Senator Portman noted at our hearing on these nominees, the  members of the bipartisan screening commission committed significant  time and effort to ensure that they recommended well-qualified  candidates for the bench.   As a result of that process, we will soon vote on three distinguished  nominees.   The first nominee to the Northern District of Ohio is Bridget  Brennan.   For almost 15 years, Ms. Brennan has served as a prosecutor, rising  through the ranks of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Northern  District of Ohio.   Last year, as a testament to her skills and leadership, she was named  Acting U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio.   Ms. Brennan has a wide breadth of experience, having led her office's  Civil Rights and Criminal Divisions.   She has received a ``Qualified'' rating from the American Bar  Association, has the strong support of Senators Brown and Portman, and  received a bipartisan vote in the Judiciary Committee.   Ms. Brennan has demonstrated a commitment to justice, integrity, and  the rule of law, all of which will serve her well as a district court  judge.   We also will be considering Charles Fleming, another highly qualified  nominee to the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Ohio.   Mr. Fleming is an experienced litigator who has demonstrated a  decades-long commitment to ensuring equal justice under the law. He has  earned degrees from Kent State University and Case Western Reserve  University Law School. After graduating, he spent a year working in  private practice before dedicating his career to public service.   For more than three decades, Mr. Fleming has worked as an Assistant  Federal Public Defender in the Northern District of Ohio. During this  time, he has tried 17 cases to verdict and has gained a truly  remarkable breadth of courtroom experience.   As I noted, Mr. Fleming has the strong support of Senators Brown and  Portman. He received a bipartisan vote in the Judiciary Committee. He  also has received a ``Well Qualified'' rating from the American Bar  Association.   He is clearly committed to maintaining a fair, respectful temperament  in his courtroom and will decide cases based on the law, the facts, and  precedent--not on his preferred outcome. He will make an excellent  addition to the District Court.   Finally, we have David Ruiz. For more than 5 years, Judge Ruiz has  served as a U.S. Magistrate Judge in the Northern District of Ohio. In  this role, he has presided over more than 80 cases that have gone to  verdict or judgment.   Prior to assuming the bench, Judge Ruiz served as an Assistant U.S.  Attorney for several years. And before that, he spent 10 years as a  litigator in private practice.  [[Page S401]]    Judge Ruiz received his undergraduate degree from The Ohio State  University and his law degree from The Ohio State University Moritz  College of Law. And he received a unanimous ``Well Qualified'' rating  from the American Bar Association.   As I mentioned at the outset, Judge Ruiz has the strong, bipartisan  support of Senators Brown and Portman.   He also received bipartisan support in the Judiciary Committee--with  Ranking Member Grassley, Senator Graham, and Senator Tillis joining  with Democratic members to support his nomination.   Senator Portman stated that Judge Ruiz's ``experience, temperament,  and high ethical standards have served him well as a federal magistrate  judge'' and ``make him well-qualified to continue serving the Northern  District of Ohio as a federal judge.''   Once confirmed, he will be the first person of Hispanic origin to  serve as an article III Federal judge in Ohio's history.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting all three of these  outstanding nominees.    I announce that the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. Lujan)  and the Senator from Georgia (Mr. Ossoff), are necessarily absent.   