 Madam President, I am so proud to be here today to  speak in favor of the Inflation Reduction Act, which hopefully we are  on the cusp of passing.   It is historic. We will save lives, save money, save taxpayers. It  will lower costs for all Americans in healthcare, particularly  prescription drugs. It is the most important action to cut medicine  costs in our history--certainly, in recent history. It is the most  significant tax fairness measure in recent history, and it is the  largest investment and most important action to fight climate change in  our history. So it is a big deal, and it will be measurable for all  Americans in what they pay to keep themselves healthy, to keep the  planet inhabitable, to keep the highest income people from avoiding or  evading taxes, and, in so many ways, it will make a difference in  people's lives.   But it is a compromise, like many measures that we have passed that  have accomplished very significant improvements in people's lives. It  is an agreement where some people get some of what they want and others  don't get what they want. And one point where I think a number of us  wanted to advance was the cause of childcare, and we see an absence.   But listening to Senator Schumer, especially, I am more confident  than ever that we will fight and win more aid for childcare, and  Senator Murray and Senator Kaine have spoken so eloquently. I will  simply say to what they said that I agree whole-heartedly because  childcare is critical to kids. It is essential to early development,  education, and physical and mental well-being.   It is essential for families because they need it to go back to work,  particularly moms who have been out of the workforce. It is essential  to our economy because employers--big, small--all need more workers,  and they need to train those workers, and the way to find those workers  and give them the skills they need to fill those jobs is to enable them  to be secure in knowing their children have good childcare.   It is important to the men and women who form the childcare  workforce. I have been all around the State  [[Page S4062]]  of Connecticut--to Torrington, Hartford, Bristol. In fact, I  accompanied the President of the United States to visit one of  Connecticut's childcare facilities. They do great work. They have been  doing great work during the pandemic, reporting for duty, taking care  of children, even as their industry was impacted by smaller amounts of  children being able to go there because parents had smaller amounts of  income to afford it. And the fact of the matter is, in Connecticut, the  yearly cost of childcare is about $20,000. We have lost a major part of  our childcare workforce, and this measure is essential to those men and  women who take care of kids in those childcare facilities with their  courage and diligence and strength that befits the enormous  responsibility that they have.   We are determined to make childcare affordable and accessible for  every American family. The proposal that no more than 7 percent of any  family's income be required for childcare is one that I still think  makes eminent good sense.   We need to recognize that childcare facilities need to be sustained  and supported, and those families need that same support and resource.   So I am absolutely determined that we will move forward on childcare.  As frustrated as I may be that this great compromise we see in the  Inflation Reduction Act fails to include it, I am proud to support it  and vote for it, and to continue this fight which we can and will win.  And I thank my colleagues who will be joining us for their support as  well.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   