 Madam President, for years, Members of Congress have  lamented their inability to control spending and debt. On rare  occasions, though, Congress has actually passed rules to try to tame  their primal urge to borrow and spend.   From Gramm-Rudman-Hollings to PAYGO, good legislation is out there to  restrain deficit spending, only to be universally ignored and rejected  by future Congresses.  [[Page S10066]]    Today's legislation breaks the Congressional Budget Act rules, so  congressional leaders have included in this monstrous spending bill  language to simply waive the PAYGO rules. Congress has time and time  again waived its own rules, and the result has been over $31 trillion  in debt, inflation, and a weakened economy.   Let's respect the American people by being responsible stewards of  their tax dollars and adhering to our own budget rules.   The pending measure, Senate amendment No. 6552, contains matter in  division O, title X, section 1001(d) that relates to the operation of  the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010, which is matter within the  jurisdiction of the Budget Committee. The pending measure was neither  reported nor discharged from the Budget Committee.   Therefore, I raise a point of order against this measure pursuant to  section 306 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974.    Just moments ago, I made a budget point of order against a  4,155-page bill spending $1.7 trillion that was given to us in the  middle of the night at 1:30 in the morning.   The point of order was waived, as it always has been by the Senate.  It has become far too easy for Congress to escape its own rules  designed to prevent reckless spending.   There hasn't been enough time for a single person to have read this  entire bill. The bill and process ignores soaring inflation, rising  interest rates, and our ballooning debt of $31 trillion.   Enough is enough. I now ask my colleagues to support my amendment to  raise the threshold to waive a budget point of order from three-fifths  to two-thirds.    I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there a sufficient second?   There is a sufficient second.   The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there a sufficient second for the  request for the yeas and nays?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant executive clerk called the roll.    Mr. President, I rise in objection. Do I get my minute?   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from Kentucky.    Mr. President, there are probably no more incompetent  people in government than those who are in our Antitrust Division.  These are the people who, as Blockbuster video was in its throes of  demise, decided to block the merger between Hollywood Video and  Blockbuster. I don't want to give these people any more money, and I  will object to any unanimous consent to make this a voice vote.    Mr. President, just last year, we passed an unlimited  appropriation for the 9/11 responders. I do believe they do deserve our  help, but we amassed an unlimited appropriation for 70 years. As much  money as can possibly be spent in 70 years was made available last  year.   We are in the midst of a $1.7 trillion bill, and yet we have got to  add another billion. Is there no end to the amount of money you think  we can print without repercussions?   I urge a ``no'' vote.    Time. Time.    Mr. President, we all have a great deal of sympathy for the  firemen, the policemen, and those first responders who responded to 9/ 11; but like most things government does or gets involved with, they  have completely disturbed and destroyed who we are actually helping  here.   The definition of ``victims fund'' also includes anybody in Manhattan  at the time. So, really, Donald Trump is part of this fund as well.  Anybody who was in Manhattan is part of this fund. So you dilute what  you are actually trying to do--helping first responders--by making your  fund so large, so ill-defined, that everybody in Manhattan can apply  for your fund. That is why you are short of money. That is why we spend  $1.7 trillion in this bill, and yet we come back--the last vote was for  a billion, and this is for another 4 or 5 billion.   There is no end to this, but it is because government does a poor job  of trying to define who they are actually helping.  [[Page S10075]]    The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question is on the amendment.   All those in favor--    I object. It has to be unanimous consent. There is a  unanimous consent order and agreement.   I ask for the yeas and nays, but I don't think you have to.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Has anybody asked for the yeas and nays?   Is there a sufficient second?    I object.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection is heard.   