 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, Mr. Hice, and the  chairwoman for this time.   Mr. Speaker, I do indeed rise today in support of H.R. 6080, the bill  to designate the U.S. Post Office at 5420 Kavanaugh Boulevard in Little  Rock, Arkansas, as the Ronald A. Robinson Post Office.   Ron, as he was known, was truly larger than life. Ron was born on  April 3, 1943, and he passed away August 14, 2018, at 75 years old. Ron  lived an extraordinary life that included serving with distinction as  an Air Force captain, communications professional, and an avid stamp  collector.   Ron attended the University of Arkansas at Fayetteville, where he  earned his degree in journalism. While studying journalism, he was a  sportswriter covering the Arkansas Razorbacks for the Arkansas Gazette.  He was also editor of the University of Arkansas newspaper, The  Arkansas Traveler.   In 1966, Ron attended the Boston University Graduate School of Public  Communications to study public relations.   Ron joined the Air Force, and he served as an officer for nearly 5  years. During his time in the Air Force, he rose to the rank of  captain. His assignments included being the head of internal  information for the nationwide Air Force ROTC program. He was also  chief of combat news and the director of information for the Defense  Intelligence Agency's Aeronautical Chart and Information Center.   Ron earned a Bronze Star for his service in Vietnam. He also earned  the Air Force Commendation Medal for his support of 1969 Apollo 11  mission to the Moon. After his career as a sportswriter and Air Force  captain, Ron became a PR expert at Cranford, Johnson.   Out of his public relations career, Ron was an avid collector of  Arkansas political and historical memorabilia, U.S. postage stamps, and  vintage movie posters. His house was literally a museum.   Ron began collecting stamps as a boy. He loved history and pop  culture. Stamps were able to connect both of these interests for Ron  Robinson.   In 1993, Ron was appointed to the U.S. Postal Service's Citizens'  Stamp Advisory Committee by the U.S. Postmaster General. The U.S.  Postal Service's Citizens' Stamp Advisory Committee recommends new  postage stamps to the Postmaster General.   Serving on that committee was the role of a lifetime for Ron  Robinson. It was an incredible honor for him, and he treasured every  moment of his 15 years. He served as chair of the committee from 2005  to 2008, when, as noted, over that period of time he was involved in  the creation and development of 1,750 postage stamps.   Some of Ron's favorites are here with us: 1996 Fulbright Scholarship  stamp; the 2001 Hattie Caraway, the first woman elected to the United  States Senate; and the 2005 Little Rock Central High School civil  rights stamp.   Ron was able to use his influence to ensure that Arkansas was the  subject of many newly issued postage stamps.   Ron's work and love for stamps made him an influential figure in the  city of Little Rock and our State of Arkansas. He was a father, mentor,  and good friend to many, including me.   Ron was well-known for being a prolific writer, and he would write  hundreds of handwritten thank you notes and cards to his friends for  encouragement throughout his life. He enjoyed writing those notes and  placing the postage stamp on the envelope himself.   Ron's love for postage stamps and his work on the Postal Service's  Citizens' Stamp Advisory Committee makes him the ideal citizen--as my  friend, Mr. Hice, noted--to lend his name to his neighborhood post  office after recognition of his lifetime of service to Arkansas and the  United States.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support this bill, and I  thank my friends on both sides of the aisle.   