 Mr. Speaker, it is an open secret that Americans are  facing serious challenges today. Many of these challenges are  Washington-inflicted caused by Democrats' incompetence and radicalism.  Absolute chaos on the southern border, unsafe streets, record-high gas  prices, rising inflation, a broken supply chain, an ongoing labor  shortage, a failing education system, and, of course, a baby formula  shortage they knew about for more than a year.   Will this Congress be remembered as the Congress that addressed these  issues? Probably not. Instead, this Congress will go down in history as  the out-of-touch Congress.   This week, as families scramble to find baby formula, Speaker  Pelosi's House decided to add special new perks for Washington  lawmakers and staff. One of those perks was a VIP membership to Peloton  gyms; paid for by hardworking American taxpayers. What is next, free  Jeni's ice cream?   You may be asking: What is Peloton? It is a bike that costs about  $2,000. Not only that, each month you pay a monthly subscription fee to  ride your $2,000 bike. Best of all, it is stationary. They charge you  about $300 to set it up. It is a $2,000 bike that you pay to use and  pay to set up that doesn't go anywhere. What a business.   Speaker Pelosi decided to give everyone in Congress a Peloton gym  membership; more specifically, the premier employee benefits package.  You know what, she did it without any debate or discussion with any  Republicans.   First, they appoint a political committee and don't allow the  Republicans to name anybody. Now they decide to use your taxpayer money  and never talked to the other side. We were left in the dark. Congress,  meaning taxpayers, will pay Peloton $10,000 up front and $10 per month  per person. In all, this contract could cost taxpayers  [[Page H5102]]  an extra $100,000 or more per month. I guess New York City isn't the  only place Speaker Pelosi went on a spending spree last week.   As the sixth richest Member of Congress, the Speaker might not be  worried about this costly new program, but American families should  sweat it. It comes as families are getting crushed by the worst  inflation in 40 years. It is insane.   It is also redundant. Members and staff already have access to a  congressional gym for a membership fee. The Peloton perk did not  replace it. Instead, it duplicates it.   I would like to see any Democrat go to their district, my district,  anyone else's district and defend this; look people straight in the  face. I will tell you what is happening in our district, there are  parents who are going to eight or nine stores looking for baby formula,  paying for gas that you can barely afford.   Instead of trying to help these struggling families, Democrats are  plundering their pocketbooks to pay for Pelosi's Peloton membership.   You can't image a more out-of-touch party. This isn't just an  exception; it is the rule in the Democratic conference. Let me tell you  something, Mr. Speaker. I actually heard your conference chair, Hakeem  Jeffries, say--talking about the Democrat agenda and saying about gas  prices: ``That issue hasn't come up in our conference.'' It has come up  in every single American's kitchen table, but not in the Democratic  conference.   Mr. Speaker, we also heard a Democrat Member, Congresswoman Porter,  who said: ``We aren't seeing inflation in the polls.'' I am not sure  what polls they are taking that they think that Peloton for Members  and staff is going to solve this problem.    In the Democratic conference nobody talks about gas prices because  they haven't heard about it. The polling says inflation doesn't come  up. Yet, as we speak, Democrats are pushing for more reckless spending  and higher taxes that will only make this problem worse.   Mr. Speaker, I remember sitting on this floor, talking in this mike,  warning the majority party, the Democrats, if they went through with  the reckless spending of almost $2 trillion that inflation would come.  The sad part, Mr. Speaker, is that it wasn't just the Republicans  warning you, it was Democrats; those that had worked in the Obama  administration and the Biden administration.   Lo and behold, what have we found, Mr. Speaker? Inflation. They first  want to tell America, no, it is just temporary. No, it is not. We now  have the former ex-Fed chair saying you are going to get stagflation,  just like in the 1970s. Do you remember in the late 1970s when you  couldn't get gas on an even day if your license plate ended in an odd  number? Now you don't know if you can afford it when you pull up.   You don't know if your credit card goes high enough. You don't know  if you have enough money to go. You are filling it up because you are  trying to drive to find baby formula that the administration knew about  for a year and did nothing about.   We have watched a Congress be so partisan. We have watched a  Washington with one-party rule and only care about one person-- themselves. Their first bill was about changing election law so they  could dictate who wins. Then when the polls were bad and they were  going to lose, they appointed a political committee to go after their  political opponents.   That is all going to change in 174 days from now. That focus is going  to be on you, the American people. It is not going to be more Pelotons  for those in Congress. It is not going to be wasting your taxpayer  money. It is not going to be appointing committees and not allowing the  other side just to go after your political opponents. It is going to be  focusing on America.   Do you know what the rise in gas prices with this one-party rule has  done to America? It is costing every family more than $2,000. The  rising prices are costing them an extra $5,000. An open border is now  costing the lives of Americans.   Fentanyl is the number one cause of death for Americans between the  ages of 18 and 45. I don't know how that doesn't show up on their  polls. Now what do they want to do? They want to lift title 42. It is  not just Republicans warning them, it is Democrats, who sat as  Secretaries of Homeland Security, warned them not to do it.   I don't know if they think it will take the attention away from no  baby formula, can't afford gas, inflation continuing to rise; but they  think they are doing all right.   We should reward staff and get them a Peloton membership. Don't just  get them any membership, get them the VIP. They think it doesn't cost  you anything because they take it to the American taxpayer, the  hardworking taxpayer, to spend more of your money. Just like they did  with $2 trillion. Just like they wanted to do more with their Build  Back Better.   Have they not learned enough? If you go to their conferences, I am  not sure what they talk about. They say they don't bring up the gas  price. They say inflation doesn't show up in the polls. They are  probably looking at more perks and spending more tax dollars. That day  is ending soon and a new Congress with a focus on the American people  and the future of America is soon to come.   