 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for 1 minute of  floor time to speak to the impending nomination.    Mr. President, I would like to thank my colleague and  senior Senator, my friend, Mr. Tom Carper, who allows me to be his  wingman here on the floor of the Senate and in our home State of  Delaware.   I just wanted to speak briefly to the outstanding qualifications of  the nominee that will be before us in a moment, Greg Williams of  Delaware.   As a member of the Delaware Bar, as a member of the Judiciary  Committee, I have joined my senior Senator, friend, and colleague in  advancing this nomination, both suggesting to the White House strongly  that he would be an excellent next member of the important Federal  bench in Delaware and  [[Page S3509]]  that he would represent our Nation well and contribute to our Federal  judiciary, which is globally the gold standard for its capability, its  independence, and its integrity.   Greg has practiced for decades in Delaware. He is one of the best  respected, leading complex commercial litigators, and an experienced  intellectual property litigator.   The District of Delaware is one of the busiest Federal courts in our  entire country. Because of our unique place in American corporate law,  because of the quality and the competence of our bench, we handle an  enormous number of patent cases, a significant number of corporate  cases.   I don't know if my colleague has mentioned one of the top-of-the- charts cases about to come to Delaware, but when you make a promise to  purchase a company like--I don't know, hypothetically, Twitter--and  then the deal comes apart, that ends up in a Delaware court called our  chancery court. Our Federal District Court and our Federal Bankruptcy  Courts handle significant litigation.   Greg is someone who also, as a family man, as a person of faith, as  an outstanding leader in our community, as the past president of the  bar association, as the past chairman of the judicial nominating  commission on behalf of our Governor, he has served our community.   He brings his heart, his values, his intellect, and his skill to his  service each and every day, and I am honored to join my senior Senator  in speaking on his behalf on the floor. And I look forward to working  with my colleagues across the aisle to ensure a swift confirmation vote  today.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   