 Madam President, I am here today to discuss what I saw  this past weekend when I took a trip to our southern border in Texas.   I led a delegation of eight sheriffs and mayors from my home State of  Tennessee. We went to see what is happening, what the effects of the  border crisis are, and to hear from them and allow the border agents to  hear from them the effects of the border crisis in our own communities  in Tennessee.   Our mayors and sheriffs are seeing record drug overdoses, gang  violence, and other forms of criminal activity right there in  Tennessee.   We learned that what is really happening at our border is quite  simple: Well-financed, operationally sophisticated drug cartels, with  the help of the Chinese Communist Party, are exploiting our immigration  policies and human economic desires to make billions of dollars from  drug and human trafficking.   Ignored by the Biden administration and the corporate media, this  increasingly powerful criminal enterprise is expanding further into  American communities.   Our trip revealed two key insights. First, under Biden policies, this  national security crisis is unmanageable. Second, and paradoxically,  this crisis is well within the Federal Government's ability to fix.   My central takeaway was this: If every American saw what we saw and  heard, this would end. America wouldn't tolerate this. It is a crisis.   Here is the cartels' business model: Fentanyl ingredients are shipped  from China to Mexico. In Mexico, the cartels turn these chemicals into  astonishingly potent drugs bound for the United States.   Last year, fentanyl seized at the border was more than enough to kill  every American. And that is just what we caught. Think about what has  not been caught. Think about what is getting through.   The cartels control the entire Mexican side of the U.S. border, and  each migrant must pay thousands of dollars for safe passage to these  cartels. Often, they have to pay through subsequent indentured  servitude. Many young women become victims of human trafficking.   So in this vicious cycle, the more illegal immigration, the more  money for the cartels; and the more money for the cartels, the more  drugs they produce.   For cartels, the illegal immigrants are more than an expendable  revenue source. They are a tool for facilitating transport of drugs and  criminals. The cartels push scores of migrant customers across the  border so they can occupy American border agents. Then they exploit the  resulting gaps in patrol coverage to move across drugs, gang members,  those they refer to as ``high-value'' individuals, terrorist-watch-list  members, and others.   Border Patrol agents told me that, given the recordbreaking border  crossings they are currently facing, there are times when every agent  is busy processing migrant paperwork, leaving the border wide open for  drug and human trafficking. The drugs and gang members and the  accompanying violence will then flood into our American communities.   As one agent put it: The people crossing the border don't stay in  this area, and neither do the drugs.   More than 100,000 Americans died last year from drug overdoses,  mostly from fentanyl, which are really more akin to CCP-engineered  poisonings. Several thousands were Tennesseans. The Tennessee sheriffs  and mayors on this trip told me that deaths from illicit drug overdoses  in their counties are at record highs. Our Tennessee sheriffs know the  families in their communities. They told me the toughest part of their  job is to see a mother or a grandmother, to go to their home and tell  them that their son or their grandson will never return. It is  heartbreaking. Each one of these obituaries has the CCP's fingerprint  on it.    The migrants' money and usefulness to distract border agents are  essential to the cartels' operations. These illegal immigrants are  incentivized to come because of our current catch-and-release policies.   To illustrate the current policy of absurdity, last Friday, around  midnight, near a stretch of--of course--unfinished border wall, right  outside of McAllen, TX, our vehicle came across about 15 recently  arrived migrants. They approached us and asked us where they could find  the Border Patrol agents. They wanted to turn themselves in, having  been coached by their cartel handlers that this was the first step to  U.S. Government-funded release into America. Our policies are so  upside-down that the suspects are looking for the officers.   Nevertheless, U.S. Border Patrol and other law enforcement Agencies  are working tirelessly day and night to protect our Nation.  Understandably, morale is at an all-time low with a Biden  administration that refuses to give them the tools that they need to  deal with this crisis.   Border Patrol can process a maximum of roughly 5,000 migrants a day.  Right now, they are facing nearly 8,000 migrants a day. And when the  Biden administration lifts title 42 authority, they fear that the  number could exceed 15,000 per day.   Therefore, and unsurprisingly, the constant plea I heard from Border  Patrol agents was this: We need effective policy, not more agents, not  more equipment. Bad policies are what have created this incentive to  cross the border, and eliminating these policies is the only fix. Our  agents signed up to protect our border, not to facilitate its demise.   Border agents in Laredo told me that the Migrant Protection  Protocols, known as MPP, were a perfect illustration of the need for  policy change. MPP was a policy that required migrants seeking asylum  in the United States to remain in Mexico until it was determined  whether or not they were actually entitled to asylum. Most are not.   When it was implemented in 2019, the agent said it was like flipping  a switch because this stopped people coming when they knew that they  wouldn't get in.   This ``Remain in Mexico'' policy cut illegal border crossings  dramatically in fiscal year 2020. Yet the Biden administration nixed  the MPP, and, not surprisingly, border crossings more than quadrupled  in fiscal year 2021.   With the help of their media allies, Washington Democrats ignore this  crisis and they hope that the American people will too. They don't  travel to  [[Page S2021]]  the border because they don't want to answer for the crisis that they  have created. They have chosen appeasement of loud, radical immigration  groups over American security, over American sovereignty.   President Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris haven't seen the  border stations where the agents sacrifice day and night, mentally and  physically, battling a crisis that their Departments haven't given them  the tools to address.   For many Americans, this crisis seems far away, at least until it is  too late--until it is their child, their grandchild, their brother and  sister who become a statistic.   That is the other thing that I heard constantly from Border Patrol  and law enforcement agents: We need someone to tell America what is  happening here.   With the President and media averting their eyes and abdicating their  responsibilities, it becomes even more critical to spread the word  before more American lives are needlessly lost, before more migrants'  lives are destroyed in the journey or through indentured servitude once  they arrive, and more communities are damaged beyond repair.   So what can we do to address this crisis?   Even though the border cries is worse than ever, the Biden  administration is voluntarily ending title 42 pandemic-related  authority for expedited removal.   The Border Patrol agents I met this weekend believe that this will  make this recordbreaking crisis substantially worse. Such a surrender  of American security would be intolerable.   And there is another health crisis that title 42 is critical to  battling. The cartels send migrants across at strategic points to bog  down Border Patrol agents with paperwork processing that takes five  times longer without title 42. Then they use the resulting enforcement  gaps to move fentanyl across the border.   We have to close these enforcement gaps with better policy.   So I have introduced legislation to add drug smuggling as an  additional basis for title 42 authority. Overdoses have become an  epidemic in America. This legislation would allow the Secretary of  Health and Human Services to use title 42 to combat drug trafficking  across the border. This bill would give our Border Patrol agents the  tools they need to quickly remove migrants who illegally cross the  border, substantially freeing up agents to focus on actually stopping  drug traffickers.   More than 100,000 Americans died last year from drug overdoses, many  from fentanyl coming from across our southern border. We desperately  need title 42 to fight this drug epidemic. It is a tool that would  quite literally save American lives in every State in the Union  immediately.   So, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be discharged from  further consideration of S. 3959 and the Senate proceed to its  immediate consideration. I further ask that the bill be considered read  a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, I want to thank my colleague from  Hawaii for his remarks, but I want to explain what just happened here.   My colleague objects, despite the fact that recordbreaking numbers of  Americans are currently dying from overdoses, fueled by fentanyl coming  across our border. This legislation is a tool to help save American  lives. Indeed, 100,000 American lives were lost last year to drug  overdoses. These lives are being deprived of the American dream  forever. So Democrats are categorically opposed to commonsense border  security tools to prevent drug trafficking into America no matter how  bad the drug overdose numbers get? How much longer will it take to  change course from the Biden administration policies that have created  this national security crisis? How much longer will we allow our  immigration system to be manipulated by a massive transnational  criminal alliance between the Chinese communists and billion-dollar  cartels who are shipping deadly quantities of illicit drugs into the  United States?   I yield the floor.   