 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I wanted to just say a few words--not a  formal speech--about my junior partner, the junior Senator from Ohio.  He is only the junior Senator not in intellect or actions but only in  seniority,  [[Page S7130]]  which is the way it works here. I know I am talking when the Presiding  Officer has such a record of bipartisanship and working with others in  the Senate--the junior Senator from New Hampshire and the work she has  done. And I just wanted to talk for a moment about RobPortman.   I was at the last speech he gave, his retirement speech, last week. I  wanted to just say a few words about his work. He and I, on the big  issues, no surprise--Senator Portman, from Cincinnati; I live in  northern Ohio--have looked at the world differently on big trade  issues, on tax issues. I mean, he was for the Trump tax cut that gave  big tax breaks to corporations and, I think, squeezed middle-class and  low-income taxpayers. But on the big issues, we, in a sense, canceled  each other's vote out, and we talk about that sometimes. But on a lot  of Ohio-specific things, we are able to work together on really, really  important problem-solving kinds of issues. And a few of them come to  mind, like ``level the playing field''--the first issue--and then  ``level the playing field'' 2.0,'' which will help the United States  enforce its trade laws.   While Rob was for NAFTA and I was against it--or for PNTR with China,  and I was against it--we did come together in making sure our trade  laws are enforced, which helped Ohio businesses and Ohio manufacturing.  That is one example.   Another example is what we were able to do in the infrastructure  bill. He was a leader on writing the infrastructure bill, always  thinking about how important it was--the Brent Spence Bridge in  Cincinnati and the Western Hills Viaduct on the western side of  Cincinnati, but also what we did on the 71-70 interchange in Columbus,  what we were able to do on small township roads around small counties  in rural Ohio, what we were able to do in Appalachia, what we were able  to do in major transportation projects.   Another example, Rob Portman cared a lot about the environment. He  loves canoeing. We worked on issues that matter on the Ohio River and  especially issues that matter on Lake Erie. One of my favorite  statistics is that Lake Erie, the smallest of the Great Lakes in area,  the most shallow, only 30-feet deep, and around Toledo, 90-feet deep,  around my wife's home county of Ashtabula. Lake Erie is 2 percent of  all the water in the Great Lakes but has 50 percent of the fish, and  Lake Superior, the largest lake, has 50 percent of the water and 2  percent of the fish. We know how important Lake Erie is to fishing. We  know how important Lake Erie is to our water supply. And we know how  important Lake Erie is just as one of the beautiful parts of the Great  Lakes that matter to all of us.   So when I think about Rob, I regret he is leaving. I look forward to  working with Senator Vance. I am hopeful that we can be as cooperative  and effective as Rob and I have been on issues that are Ohio-specific,  and we will continue to search out those issues.   Another one was NASA Glenn in Cleveland. We have one of the 10 NASA  facilities in the country. NASA Glenn is particularly important, with  the Armstrong Center in Sandusky, to the State's economy, and to our  space program. That is in my part of the State. Rob has been helpful  there. I have been helpful in his part of the State with Wright- Patterson Air Force Base, one of the key facilities for our U.S. Air  Force.   So on issue after issue, many of them, Rob and I have each  cosponsored dozens of bills that have become law--some 35, I believe,  with each other, that have become law, and dozens more with other  Senators in both parties, including Senator Hassan from New Hampshire,  who has been one of the real leaders on doing bipartisan work.   So those kinds of issues don't get the attention of the media, and I  don't blame them. They would rather cover when Rob and I disagree than  when we agree. But my job, as Senator Portman's job, has always been to  look for opportunities to do things together. We found dozens of those  opportunities in our 12 years together.   I came in 2006, and he came in 2010. He is retiring at the end of  2022. We had 12 years together, and we were able to accomplish a lot of  things for the State. I will miss him. I will miss his leadership. I  will miss his reasonableness. And we will continue, I hope, once he  retires, in working on other things that are State-specific for my  State.   I thank the Presiding Officer for allowing me to speak for a couple  of minutes about my friend Rob Portman.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   