 Mr. Speaker from New Jersey, I thank Chairman Scott for  the time and all he has been doing with his committee to put this  excellent bill together.   Today, once again, in my opinion, the House is taking action to fight  high gas prices and protect consumers by empowering farmers to provide  homegrown fuel choices at the pump, an option that costs consumers 40  cents less per gallon.   At a time when Americans are paying record-high prices for gas, Big  Oil continues to exploit market instability caused by Russia's invasion  of Ukraine to rake in record profits.   Big Oil companies collectively made $41 billion in profits during the  first quarter of this year. Some of these were record highs; others  were the highest profits in over a decade.   It is abundantly clear that Big Oil companies are more interested in  funneling billions in profits to their shareholders and executives than  in addressing record-high gas prices for American consumers.   The House has to act, Mr. Speaker, to protect American families from  this profiteering. That is why we are here today, to preserve and  expand the availability of a cheaper and cleaner fuel option for the  driving public.   The Lower Food and Fuel Costs Act combats fuel prices by allowing for  the voluntary, year-round sale of gasoline containing 15 percent  ethanol, known as E15 or Unleaded 88. Blending more biofuels like  ethanol into gasoline displaces demand for petroleum, helping to bring  down gas prices for consumers.   Today, drivers are paying, on average, about 40 cents less per gallon  to fill up their tanks with E15. This fuel provides significant savings  for families during the summer driving season. Let's ensure it  continues to be available at gas stations across the country.   Increasing the availability of E15 protects Americans from volatile  global oil markets and eases the grip Big Oil has on American drivers.   By relying more on homegrown biofuels and less on fossil fuels, this  legislation insulates American drivers from dramatic global price  fluctuations, enhances our national security, creates local jobs, and  bolsters true energy independence. It is a win-win across the board. It  is one of the most powerful tools in our fight against global price  shocks and oil and gas profiteering.   E15 is also a cleaner fuel option that emits less carbon pollution  and burns cleaner than regular gasoline. Today's vote is also part of  our broader effort to bring down prices while cutting climate  pollution.   I thank Representatives Craig and Axne for their leadership on  preserving and expanding access to E15 across the country and Chairman  Scott, once again, for including these critical E15 provisions in this  package.   Mr. Speaker, let's help bring down gas prices at the pump, strengthen  our Nation's rural communities, and break the grip of Big Oil by  passing the Lower Food and Fuel Costs Act today.   