 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 4476,  the DHS Trade and Economic Security Council Act.   The importance of our Nation's economic security cannot be  overstated. For our country, economic security means peace and  stability. It means the ability to be entrepreneurs and to freely  produce and consume goods and services. For each of us as individuals,  it means a secure livelihood, safe communities for our children to grow  up in, and opportunities to build new institutions and contribute to  society.   The level of economic security that we enjoy depends largely on the  flow of goods, services, and information across our borders.   Over the past few years, we have seen this flow interrupted  significantly. Our supply chains were challenged and, at times,  overwhelmed. Unfortunately, these challenges are likely to continue and  increase because of the dependencies we have built on hostile nations,  including our overwhelming trade with China.   Vladimir Putin's unprovoked invasion of Ukraine is just another  reminder of the global dependency on  [[Page H4170]]  Russian energy production and the devastating national security  consequences of being economically dependent on our adversaries.   The threats to our economic security are numerous and growing and  cannot be overstated. The peace and prosperity of our country is at  risk.   We saw the first inklings of this threat at the start of the COVID-19  pandemic when the U.S. could not find enough personal protective  equipment for its hospitals and medical providers, and China threatened  our security by imposing export restrictions on masks and ventilator  components, preventing U.S. companies from getting the deliveries they  needed from their own subsidiaries.   This was just the tip of the iceberg. We know that China is working  hard to expand its global economic reach in a variety of ways.   A report by the DHS Homeland Security Advisory Council correctly  stated that: ``DHS has no choice but to play a larger role in economic  security issues. It is charged with preparing for all manner of crises  . . . from major hurricanes to terrorist attacks.''   The report also highlighted the threat that China poses, and it  stated that these new, long-term threats are economic, and the new  weapons are trade deals, technological innovation, and critical supply  chain dependencies.   The U.S.-China strategic competition is increasingly driven by who  controls these underlying systems and the rules by which we advance our  economic interests. We cannot allow ourselves to be behind the curve in  the next national or global disaster. We need to get ahead of it.   To that end, the report made two recommendations on how the  Department can combat China's influence while also contributing to our  economic security.   First, the report concluded that to keep the civilian side of our  economy functioning in a time of crisis, Congress should  institutionalize a politically appointed official to conduct day-to-day  policy coordination and who resides within the Office of Strategy,  Policy, and Plans. This bill codifies such an assistant secretary  position in that office.   Second, the report recommended that DHS institutionalize a council  that would identify concentrated economic risks, set priorities, and  coordinate enterprise-wide action on economic security matters. This  bill follows that recommendation by establishing the DHS Trade and  Economic Security Council while also defining its roles and  responsibilities.   Codifying these important facets of the Department is a critical step  to ensuring our economic security. The work that this council and the  assistant secretary will do is critically important to the Nation's  response and resilience to the next unforeseen global crisis.   It is crucial that DHS lean into its unique position as the only  executive agency that deals with both the national security and  economic prosperity of the Nation and lead the United States Government  as the preeminent economic security agency in the decades to come.   I am proud to have led this important and timely effort. I thank my  friend and colleague, Ranking Member Katko, for being an original  cosponsor, and I also thank Representatives Luria, Delgado, and  Slotkin, in particular, for reaching across the aisle.   Economic security is truly homeland security. I urge my colleagues to  support this important bill.   