 Madam President, during the first few months of  President Biden's term, he has tried to brush off the surge of illegal  immigrant apprehensions as nothing more than a seasonal trend. But  after month 6, seasonal migration was no longer a valid explanation for  what turned out to be a recordbreaking year.   This border surge wasn't by accident. President Biden pledged to  enact an open border agenda by halting border wall construction,  reversing successful Trump-era immigration policies, and hamstringing  our law enforcement officers. It was one promise he has kept.  [[Page S1794]]  And over a year into the Biden administration, we are seeing the  consequences of that promise.   Just last year, nearly 2 million illegal immigrants were apprehended  at our southern border from more than 160 different countries. And for  2022, it looks like we are on track to exceed that record, as this  February was the 12th--the 12th--consecutive month with over 100,000  illegal immigrant apprehensions. And if President Biden's  administration stops invoking title 42, and it doesn't secure the  border, the crisis is going to be dramatically different.   A lot of attention is paid to who is coming across the border, and  rightfully so, but it is time we all turn our attention to what is  coming across the border, and it is called deadly fentanyl.   Just as our border continues to be overwhelmed by illegal immigrants,  our communities are overwhelmed with this lethal drug. I have been to  the border, and I have seen firsthand the impact of President Biden's  open border policies and agenda.   At a checkpoint in McAllen, TX, I saw a truck bed filled with  fentanyl, filled to the brim--a deadly synthetic opioid.   Thankfully, our Border Patrol officer stopped this particular truck  from making it across the border, but for that one being stopped, there  are several more that get across the border. Thankfully, our Border  Patrol officer stopped this truck, stopped it from making it across the  border, and it saved many lives. But for every truck of fentanyl, many,  many more continue to come across.   It is hard to understand the significance of a truck bed full of  fentanyl, so just let me break it down.   Look at my chart. Two milligrams of fentanyl is considered a lethal  dose; 2 milligrams is the weight of a mosquito. Ten pennies weigh one  ounce. One ounce of fentanyl can kill nearly 30,000 people. A football  weighs 1 pound. Just 1 pound of fentanyl can kill over 200,000 people.   In October of last year, in South Alabama, Baldwin County sheriff  deputy seized 14 grams of fentanyl. That is enough to kill upward of  7,000 people. And, of course, in any arrest, sometimes you have  problems with fentanyl. One of his deputies just happened to touch  fentanyl and was immediately put into the hospital.   We are seizing these deadly drugs across America every day. Last  year, in San Diego, a trucker was arrested after attempting to smuggle  more than 389 pounds of fentanyl, which is enough to kill 88 million  people.   The connection between President Biden's open border policies and the  rise of fentanyl is clear, and the American people are paying a heavy,  heavy price.   Since President Biden's inauguration, Customs and Border Protection  seized nearly 3,000 pounds of illicit fentanyl. That is a 41-percent  increase from last year.   Over the last year, opioids took the lives of over 100,000 Americans.  To put that into perspective, that is half the size of our capital city  in the State of Alabama, which would be almost wiped off the map. This  is bone-chilling.   But these numbers are more important than a stat. They are the sons  and daughters, the mothers and fathers, the brothers and sisters who  were all taken too soon--bright futures darkened by deadly drug  addiction.   I spent 40 years traveling across this country visiting young  athletes and their families from every walk of life. I had players who  battled addiction or who had close friends who battled addiction. It is  a heartbreaking procedure to watch a student worry about stepping in  for a parent who is suffering from addiction. That happens daily. When  they should be only worrying about studying or getting ready for a  game, they are also covering for parents who are addicted to drugs.   It is true that drug addiction has plagued our country for decades,  but we have seen a sharp rise since the pandemic: isolations, loss of  work, depression, all making the problem worse. And the data confirms  this. So it only makes sense to do all we can to help Americans. That  would include cutting off the drugs at the primary source, which is the  southern border. Yet the President refuses to take decisive action to  stop these deadly substances from flooding into the country.   In fact, the answer from the Biden administration is there will be a  strategy for dealing with addiction and fentanyl crisis coming  ``soon.''   When President Biden's drug czar, Dr. Gupta, was asked about the  administration's plans to address the addiction crisis, he responded  that the drug control strategy was in its ``advanced stages of being  finalized.''   To that I say, Americans are losing their lives right now. Lives are  being lost every day when we are coming up with a strategy. We don't  need a bureaucratic talking point or a bureaucrat wasting our time. We  need a plan--and we need a plan now--to stop these drugs.   Since President Biden has been in office, he has failed to take  charge in every situation. Sadly, the drug overdose epidemic is no  different. While the folks at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue continue to work  on their strategy, I propose President Biden take a logical and long- overdue first step today: enforce our immigration laws at the border-- that would be a great start--end the free flow of fentanyl, and stop  the loss of innocent lives.   For a White House that is so laser-focused on the health of Americans  as it relates to the pandemic--masks, 6 feet apart, airports--the same  emphasis should be cast on the people's lives that we are losing and  the deadly drugs coming into our country illegally.   By creating and then failing to address this disastrous situation at  the southern border, President Biden has fueled another crisis as  fentanyl ravages our communities.   You know, we all watched this weekend as President Biden gave a great  speech in Poland. He put the wrath down on the Russian people,  military, and the President of Russia, Vladimir Putin. He showed  anger--and he should have--at the destruction that is going on in  Ukraine and the innocent lives lost.   President Biden needs to show the same anger. We will lose more  people in the next 6 months than they will lose in this war in  Ukraine--people in our country--and it is being overlooked. It is not  being worked on. The problem is not trying to be answered. It is like  we are having to just deal with it.   We have got a problem here, Mr. President, and we need to address it.   The President has the tools and the authority to act quickly and save  lives. I just hope, sooner or later, somebody recognizes it and does  something about it because, as we speak, we are not answering this  problem.   I yield the floor.   