 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman and I  thank my colleagues.   I hope America is paying attention because we cannot continue to fund  a government that appears to be determined to destroy our country from  within.   We have millions of illegal aliens crossing our southern border. We  have lost all operational control, the sovereignty of our Nation at the  southern border.   They are asking for more money for COVID. Since March of 2020, we  have spent $8 trillion just on COVID. That is $8,000 billion. You  cannot convince me or any American across the country that our Nation  has actually spent that money. We should have a full accounting of this  money.   They want more money for Ukraine. We have already sent them about $70  billion.   Do you know how much Russia spends, my colleagues, every year, on  their military, their entire budget?   I will answer the question. It is about $70 billion. We have given to  Ukraine the entire budget for Russia for their military expenditures.  We have no control over this money. We are not sending them any more  money, not without a fight.   They want a CR passed, a continuing resolution, a short-term budget  to keep the Federal Government operating until December. That is after  the elections have ejected our colleagues across the aisle but before  Republicans will be sworn into the majority on January 3. That is wrong  on every level.   It is like identifying an arsonist, banishing them from your  neighborhood, and giving them gasoline and matches on the way out. We  cannot allow it. We stand strongly against it, but we don't have the  votes.   America, there is not enough Republicans in the House of  Representatives to stop this CR in the formula that the Democrats  intend. We need Americans to communicate and stand strong. Align  yourselves with the conservatives in the House of Representatives, like  my colleagues here tonight, and help us fight the good fight to  preserve our Republic.   I yield back to the gentleman.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I would bring our focus on to our total national debt  for a moment. As concerned American patriots, conservative  constitutionalist men who love our country, we are discussing this  continuing resolution, the temporary funding of the Federal Government  that we stand against because of the process and the lack of  appropriate regular order that reflects the failure of this body to  perform regarding our budget responsibilities that were laid out  clearly by our Founders.   Let's talk about our $31 trillion in debt.   It was 1980 in America before we had accumulated $1 trillion in debt.  So in the first 200 years of our existence, America accumulated $1  trillion in debt. In the following 40 years, we have accumulated $30  trillion.   We are up $31 trillion in debt. If this body were to balance the  budget and run a $1 billion surplus, it would require 31,000 years to  address a $31 trillion debt.   Mr. Speaker, I say to my colleagues, 1 trillion is 1,000 billion.   No one here, nor across the Nation that we love and serve, believes  we have 31,000 years to fix this thing. We must restore fiscal sanity  to this body.    It is dangerous.   