 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume, and I rise in support of H.R. 5879, the HUBZone Price  Evaluation Preference Clarification Act of 2021.   The SBA's contracting programs deliver for this Nation's smallest  businesses and the country's smallest contractors. Unfortunately,  consolidation with all of the Federal Government's contracting programs  continues to be problematic. Our committee has examined many of these  programs and has offered solutions that would deliver change.   H.R. 5879 takes important steps within the HUBZone program and  ensures that the 10 percent price preference is available on all task  orders within large multiple award contracts.   I thank the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. Newman) and the  gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Salazar),  [[Page H5253]]  the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Contracting and  Infrastructure, for working in a collaborative manner to address the  HUBZone program. Bills like this have the ability to make a difference  within Federal contracting, and I commend the Chair for bringing this  bill forward.   I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5879, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Federal contracting remains a significant endeavor for many of the  Nation's small businesses. H.R. 5879 ensures one of these programs, the  HUBZone program, is ready to assist small business contractors. This  legislation, which passed favorably out of committee by a voice vote,  will level the playing field within the program.   I thank the Chair for bringing this legislation through regular  order, and I thank the sponsor and cosponsor for working to address  these issues. I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7622, the Small Business  Workforce Pipeline Act of 2022.   Small businesses across the country are facing labor shortages and  skills gaps as our Nation remains 820,000 jobs short compared to prior  to the pandemic.   Just last week, the NFIB reported that over half of small businesses  have unfilled job openings. This is more than double the almost 50-year  historical average of 23 percent. Further, of those owners hiring or  trying to hire, 92 percent of owners reported few or no qualified  applicants for the positions they were trying to fill.   The Small Business Administration offers multiple resources to small  businesses to help them face the current economic headwinds and labor  challenges. One of these resources is the small business development  centers, which have served to be a valuable tool for entrepreneurs and  offer free training, counseling, and support for small businesses.   This legislation will further improve SBDCs by expanding their  ability to assist small businesses in establishing and improving work- based learning opportunities and apprenticeship programs.   To be clear, this legislation supports all work-based learning  opportunities.   I thank Congressman Crow as well as Congressman Fitzgerald,  Congresswoman Houlahan, and Congressman Garbarino for working in a  bipartisan manner to ensure this bill reached the House floor. I also  thank the chair for advancing this bill.   Madam Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to support H.R. 7622,  which was unanimously reported out of our committee. I reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may  consume to my colleague from Wisconsin (Mr. Fitzgerald), a tireless  advocate for small business in Wisconsin and around the country.     Madam Speaker, the SBDC program has delivered  for small businesses for many years. The Small Business Workforce  Pipeline Act of 2022 will help combat labor shortages by supporting  apprenticeships and learning opportunities through SBDCs. This bill  will help small businesses grow and equip American workers with new  skills.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 7622, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 7664, the Supporting  Small Business and Career and Technical  [[Page H5256]]  Education Act. This important piece of legislation will encourage  younger generations to pursue CTE careers, knowing they will have  support on the back end to help find a job.   Costly 4-year degrees create burdensome financial obligations and  saddle students with decades of debt. It is important individuals have  alternatives, such as CTE programs, when wanting to find meaningful  careers at a fraction of the cost.   Skilled labor has become a high-demand market, and our country is in  need of more plumbers, electricians, welders, and other skilled  professionals who are the lifeblood of our economy. This growing skills  gap is hurting small businesses across the country.   My bill will fill that void and connect graduates to high-demand  occupations and opportunities that earn good wages and will help them  provide for their family. Additionally, this bill provides valuable  assistance so CTE graduates can translate their skills over to starting  their own small business and help build long-term careers and employ  more people.   I have been a small business owner for over 50 years, and I can tell  you that leading sales meetings, signing the fronts of checks, and  giving other people the opportunity to make a living is one of the most  rewarding things, if not the most rewarding, I have ever done.   The American Dream is built on innovation and entrepreneurship, and  this only continues when the next generation is willing to better  themselves, be empowered to take risks, and understand that risk-reward  is the dream.   It is our responsibility to unlock the potential of our next  generation so we can keep America the greatest nation in the world and  keep it strong.   I thank Chairwoman Velazquez and Ranking Member Luetkemeyer for  helping to get this bill to the floor. I urge all my colleagues to vote  in support of H.R. 7664.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume to close.   Madam Speaker, small businesses and the American worker are the  backbone of our economy. By empowering the SBA's resource partners,  including small business development centers and women's business  centers, to engage with the career and technical education community,  we will replenish our skilled workforce and grow our economy.   Madam Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 7664, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   I rise in support of H.R. 7670, the Women-Owned Small Business  Program Transparency Act.   Federal programs, and especially Federal contracting programs,  require comprehensive and complete reporting requirements from  executive branch agencies. This information ensures that not only the  programs are meeting congressional intent but also to ensure that  safeguards and oversight capabilities are intact.   H.R. 7670 bolsters the Women-Owned Small Business program by  enhancing the program's reporting requirements. Having more information  on how many women-owned small businesses are certified and the amount  of fees charged by third-party certifiers will only strengthen the  program.   I thank the gentlewoman from Pennsylvania (Ms. Houlahan) and the  gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Tenney) for working in a bipartisan  manner to address the Women-Owned Small Business program. I also again  would like to thank the chair for advancing this bill.   H.R. 7670 is a good government bill that will provide more  information about one of the SBA's Federal contracting programs.   I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield such time as she may  consume to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. Tenney), the ranking  member of the Subcommittee on Underserved, Agriculture, and Rural  Business Development.    Madam Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I  yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, as I mentioned earlier, it is important for Congress  to study all of the Small Business Administration's Federal contracting  programs regularly.   H.R. 7670, the Women-Owned Small Business Program Transparency Act,  will enhance our research and assist us as we examine this program. The  more information that we have at our fingertips, simply the better.   Madam Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support this bill, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7694. All contractors know  the importance of subcontractors. Their work responsibilities are  crucial to completing jobs on time and on budget. H.R. 7694 translates  the importance of subcontracting to Federal contracting and especially  those who participate within the SBA's contracting programs. Simply  put, past performance should be acknowledged on all future dealings.   Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Stauber), my  friend, who is one of the biggest advocates for small businesses and  subcontractors, and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. Mfume) for working  in a bipartisan manner to highlight this issue.   I also again thank the chair for bringing this bill forward, and I  urge my colleagues to support H.R. 7694.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may  consume to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Stauber), one of the  biggest advocates for small businesses and subcontractors.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume to close.   Madam Speaker, as contract consolidation continues to build momentum,  opportunities will continue to falter. Overall, this trendline is  heading in the wrong direction. As a result, the emphasis and  importance will be placed on subcontracting.   H.R. 7694 takes an important step by requiring that past performance  is taken into account on all future contracts. Congress will need to  continue to study this issue carefully, and H.R. 7694 will assist us  along the way.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and  I yield back the balance of my time.   