 Madam Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentlewoman  from the great State of Texas, the Chair of the Crime, Terrorism and  Homeland Security Subcommittee, Sheila Jackson Lee, for yielding and  for her leadership in so many different areas, particularly as it  relates to the effort to make sure that we explore to the greatest  extent possible the legacy that still remains in terms of the damage  that was done relative to the enslavement of people of African descent  here in the United States of America.   We have come a long way in this great country, but we still have a  long way to go, racism is in the soil of America going all the way back  to 1619.   It is an honor to stand here with my distinguished colleagues, the  chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, the Honorable Joyce Beatty,  who has done such an amazing job leading us forward in this Congress  and, of course, the distinguished gentlewoman from the great State of  New Jersey, Congresswoman Bonnie Watson Coleman. I thank you, Madam  Speaker, for presiding over this particular discussion.   Juneteenth as a Federal holiday is an amazing development. An effort  was led by the Congressional Black Caucus and, of course, the  legislation was signed into law by President Joe Biden. I thank the  distinguished gentlewoman from Texas for leading the effort.   I first came to know of Juneteenth when I was a student at the LBJ  School of Public Affairs in the summer between my junior year and my  senior year and had not heard--I am just a kid from Brooklyn--had not  heard about Juneteenth. Folks down there said we are going to celebrate  Juneteenth. I said June what? I was unsure of it, growing up proudly as  an African American in New York City, something that had been in the  heart and soul of the people of Texas and throughout the south but  hadn't necessarily made it into my consciousness. I was thankful for  that moment.   I think about that journey to a point now where we have a Federal  holiday to mark the journey of African Americans and the progress that  has been made but the need to continue, of course, to do more.   As Chairwoman Beatty talked about some of the things that the  Congressional Black Caucus has worked on, I think this Juneteenth  marker is an important point in time both to reflect upon what has been  done, but also, of course, to mark what still needs to be done to  continue America's march toward a more perfect Union.   We weren't promised a perfect country. We know the Framers of this  great Republic themselves were imperfect. We were never promised a  perfect country. Slavery was in existence when the Republic was  founded, but they did promise a march toward a more perfect Union that  America could try to continue to be the best version of herself. And  that is what the Congressional Black Caucus has really been all about.   In our 51 years I can't stand here in the time that I have to  catalogue all that has been done, but if you just look at what has  occurred in the last 10 or 15 years; signature pieces of legislation  year after year after year; Congressman   Danny Davis leading the  effort to pass the Second Chance Act to make sure that incarcerated  individuals and others who need a second chance at life could  successfully reintegrate into society in a way that helps them as  individuals, their families, our communities, as well as taxpayers.  That was a bill that was signed into law by a Republican President  George Bush. Leadership from the Congressional Black Caucus.   Certainly, in that criminal justice reform space we know that  Chairman  Bobby Scott in 2010 led the effort to pass the Fair  Sentencing Act, which lowered the 100 to 1 egregious crack cocaine  sentencing disparity--that disparity between crack cocaine and powder  cocaine--and dropped it down to 18 to 1 in a way that allowed thousands  of individuals, the overwhelming majority of whom were Black men, to be  released back into society to live productive lives.   There was still more work that needed to be done. We took up the  effort in 2018, and collectively the Congressional  [[Page H5474]]  Black Caucus passed the FIRST STEP Act. Representative Sheila Jackson  Lee was very involved in that effort as a member of the Judiciary  Committee, Cedric Richmond, Karen Bass, myself, others, Joyce Beatty,  Bonnie Watson Coleman were supportive, and we were able to take that 18  to 1 and make it retroactive, which the Senate refused to do in 2010,  and enact a wide variety of sentencing reforms that created a fairer  more equitable criminal justice system resulting in thousands of  individuals being able to successfully reintegrate back into society,  save taxpayer dollars, but also repaired lives, repaired families,  repaired communities.   The overwhelming majority of folks, again, who were released, 90  percent, Black men.   Why?   Because it was Black men who bore the brunt of the failed war on  drugs and the failure of so-called lock `em up and throw away the key  sentencing schemes, all of which didn't make us safer, as people were  banished, often for nonviolent drug offenses. That was the  Congressional Black Caucus.   It was the Congressional Black Caucus led by Frederica Wilson that  passed into law the Commission on the Social Status of Black Men and  Boys and it was signed into law by a Republican President, passed  through a Republican-controlled United States Senate. Because the  Congressional Black Caucus stays on the case. And as was said during  its founding, no permanent friends, no permanent enemies, only  permanent interests, and the interests to make sure that these  principles: equal protection under the law, liberty and justice for  all, and fundamental fairness apply to all Americans regardless of  race.   And so that is a very important piece of legislation. That commission  is a foundation that, under the leadership of Joyce Beatty, we can  continue to make progress, particularly for those Black men and boys  who have been isolated and under-resourced and targeted in our society.   I am thankful that during that same Congress there was an effort to  more fully and robustly fund historically Black colleges and  universities. That effort was led by Representative Alma Adams. It was  also legislation that made it through a Republican-controlled Senate,  Republican-controlled House, signed into law by a Republican President.  The CBC stays on the case.    And that is certainly what occurred this particular Congress with  passage of historic infrastructure legislation. That effort was, in  part, when we were at a stalemate led by our chairwoman, Joyce Beatty,  who worked to bring the caucus together to a place where we could enact  groundbreaking legislation that will create millions of good-paying  jobs, make sure that there is clean water in every single community,  and we know that it is Black communities that often suffer from water  that has been poisoned.   And, of course, it was our great whip,  Jim Clyburn, who led the  effort to make sure that we put into place a process so that we can get  high-speed internet access in every single community. This is the CBC  staying on the case.   So I am thankful for the leadership of my colleagues within the  Congressional Black Caucus, thankful that our chair has continued to  pull us together and lead us in such a phenomenal way, thankful for  Bonnie Watson Coleman, who is one of the most principled public  servants you will find anywhere in these United States, thankful for  Sheila Jackson Lee and what she is doing to lead us forward to examine  through H.R. 40 the legacy of slavery and the fact that perhaps the  least that we can do is have a study to figure out the damage that was  done through the systematic rape and kidnapping, lynching, and  oppression decade after decade, century into century and then its  progeny in the context of Jim Crow and the institutional discrimination  that remains with us today. The least that perhaps we can do at some  point is figure out how we can study the issue, building upon all of  the work that the CBC has been able to do today.   Juneteenth gives us an opportunity to mark the progress that we have  made, and of course, think about a vision for the future as we continue  our long, necessary, and majestic march toward a more perfect Union.   I thank you, Madam Speaker, for presiding. I thank my classmate and  good friend, Joyce Beatty, for her work, and I certainly approve any  message that she articulates. I thank my colleagues Sheila Jackson Lee  and Bonnie Watson Coleman who are helping to lead the charge with this  Special Order.   