 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Madam Speaker, America is hurting, with painfully high gas prices,  rampant inflation for everyday goods, from groceries to clothing, and  it looks like it is going to get much worse before it gets better.   How did we get here? Well, some say it was the pandemic, others say  it is the war in Ukraine. Well, what if I told you this has been going  on for quite a long time?   In 2017, Republicans in Congress started an investigation into  Russian interference. No, not that Russian interference, but real  interference into the debate over American energy.   Let me explain. The Biden administration is right now trying to  distance itself from their anti-coal, anti-oil and gas actions and  policies. Their war on affordable, reliable energy, blocking pipelines,  slowing permits, and promoting an ill-advised rush to green.   You see, Europe tried this already, walking headlong into dangerous  energy dependence on Russia. The results of that are now clearly  evident. We see it playing out in the horror unfolding in Ukraine.   Europe could have taken a path of self-reliance if it wasn't for  their politicians caving to radical activists to rush renewables and  cutting off their own reliable energy resources like nuclear, oil, gas,  and coal.   France banned fracking in 2011; Bulgaria in 2012; the Netherlands in  2015; Germany in 2017; the U.K. in 2019. All the while becoming more  dependent on Putin's Russia for reliable energy.   Well, what if I told you that Russia sent at least $95 million to  radical green groups in Europe who helped achieve these goals?   The investigation I mentioned earlier conducted by the Republican-led  Science, Space, and Technology Committee, uncovered evidence that  Russia may have done and is continuing to do the same thing right here  in America.   It is time to reopen that investigation. I sent a letter today to the  relevant committee chairs to do just that.   Throttling back our own American energy resources is exactly what  Vladimir Putin would want us to do.   To borrow a term from the Cold War, Madam Speaker, let's not be  fellow travelers with the green agenda. Let's reopen that investigation  into potentially real Russian interference.   