 Mr. President, I am here to speak on a nomination, but  before I do, a point of personal privilege.   It was 1 year ago today that I had the honor of being sworn in as a  Member of this Senate. As I hope my wife is watching at home on C-SPAN  2, I just want to thank her for her love and support throughout this  first year. I couldn't have done it without her.   And I thank, of course, the Presiding Officer and all of our  colleagues for the tremendous support and experience that this last  year has been.    Mr. President, I was hoping to rise prior to the vote  just a little while ago but was consumed with the agenda in the Senate  Judiciary Committee this morning.   So in lieu of speaking prior to the confirmation vote, I rise to  applaud the confirmation of Judge Holly Thomas to the U.S. Court of  Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Judge Thomas is a dedicated advocate for  equality under the law and has made a career of fighting to ensure the  civil rights of all Americans.   A proud native of San Diego, CA, and a graduate of Yale Law School,  Judge Thomas spent 10 years working on civil rights litigation and  appeals. That time included litigating at the NAACP Legal Defense Fund,  in the U.S. Department of Justice's Civil Rights Division, and in the  New York Solicitor General's Office.   In each of these roles, Judge Thomas was a tireless advocate for  equal justice. She proved to be a skillful appellate lawyer, an  insightful thinker, and a valued colleague.   She returned to California in 2016 to serve as the chief liaison  between the California Department of Fair Employment and Housing and  the Governor's Office. The State Department of Fair Employment and  Housing is California's largest civil rights regulatory body, and in  her role there Judge Thomas dedicated herself to protecting workers and  families from unlawful discrimination, working closely with then- Governor Brown.   Recognizing her outstanding work and her tremendous talent, Governor  Brown appointed her to the Los Angeles County Superior Court in 2018.  Now, this appointment was a full-circle moment for a person whose love  of the law was nurtured by her supportive parents starting at a very  young age. Judge Thomas's parents, when she was a young girl, would  take her to watch court proceedings. Why? So that she could imagine  what a career as a lawyer would look like.   Decades later, as a judge on the superior court, Judge Thomas  actually requested to serve in the family law division because of her  empathy for families going through a difficult process and experience  in court.   Now, as the first person in her family to go to college after high  school, Judge Thomas knows what it is like to navigate unfamiliar  institutions. She is also the granddaughter of sharecroppers, and she  is a passionate fighter for equal justice.   Since her appointment, Judge Thomas has proven her excellence as a  jurist, as a neutral arbiter, and a compassionate voice for justice  both in family court and on the California Court of Appeal, where she  served in a pro tem capacity for 6 months.   Judge Thomas's compassion is matched by her legal acumen. Throughout  her career, she has distinguished herself with thoughtful analysis,  expert judgment, and unshakeable commitment to civil rights.   I know--and I am thrilled--that Judge Thomas will serve with  distinction on the Ninth Circuit, and I congratulate her on this very  well-deserved confirmation.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   