 Madam President, I did not intend to speak today. I came  down here and listened to the speeches of some of my colleagues for 2  hours this morning and asked for an opportunity to get on the list of  what are nearly 50 Senators who are going to speak today. But I heard  loud and clear some of the comments. I just wanted to go back and  revisit them and talk about maybe  [[Page S301]]  the path forward after this vote occurs today and, I hope, fails to  change the filibuster rule.   I think Senator Tester was the one who said he knew of a voter who  waited 8 to 10 hours to vote. That is unacceptable. We need to change  that.   I would also say that probably over that 8 to 10 hours, they run a  long line--far beyond any restrictions they had for electioneering--so  they could have food and water.   Some people could have heard that speech and thought that someone was  starving or thirsting to death for 8 or 10 hours, but we all know that  most States have laws that allow anyone to provide food or water to  others 50 feet away from the election sites.   I know if you have ever been in elections, you have been there too. I  have been there handing out my push card, 50 feet out, handing people  water. That happens every day. The American people need to know that.  And if there are States that have restrictions, that is something I  hope I have a moment to talk about as we move forward.   We also heard Senator Klobuchar say that, 160 times, the rules have  changed. The fact of the matter is, they have never changed for the  legislative calendar, which is what we are talking about, without  regular order. It happened seven times, and it happened because the  majority of Members, Democrats and Republicans, thought that we should  modernize the rules. But we did it through regular order. It has never  been done before.   In fact, in two notable examples where the nuclear option was used  was once by then-Majority Leader Harry Reid and followed up by then- Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. If that is not the best indicator of  what will happen to this body, nothing is.   Remember when Senator Reid said: We are just going to carve out a  little bit of the Executive Calendar to make it easier for district  judges to get confirmed. That is all we are going to do.   Why on Earth does anybody believe that that carve-out wasn't going to  result in the ultimate nuclear option for the Executive Calendar? That  is why you have Justice Gorsuch, Justice Kavanaugh, and Justice  Barrett. That is why you have it. This is the political physics here.  For every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction.   And if you vote to nuke the legislative filibuster, you might as well  build a wall straight down this body because anytime Democrats or  Republicans hit the trifecta and we have the White House and we have  the Senate and we have the House, the minority's voice will count for  nothing. And, even worse, the voices of the vocal minority at either  end of the political spectrum will have a disproportionate impact on  what we vote on and pass out of this body.   If you think it is hard getting the voting rights bills passed today,  just think how hard it is going to be for you to stand down your most  extreme base--we have got our own--on things that are not good for this  country that the vast majority of the American people will not support.  We will go to an every 2-year or 4-year cycle of huge swings for the  first time ever in this Nation's history.   I hope that last week most of you had the opportunity--I was in the  Chamber, but if you weren't, I would ask you to go back and listen to  Senator Sinema's speech. Some people would have just spiked the  football on our side of the aisle saying: It looks like she will  preserve the filibuster. We can move on.   What I heard was a Member calling on us to bridge the gap and make  progress. That is what I heard. And on voting rights, I think we can. I  think the American people need to know that if this fails today, it is  not the end of the discussion of progress we need to make.   My staff said: We don't want you to put this board up because we are  afraid that will tip your hand on things you are having discussions on.   I have had a number of discussions with Members on the other side of  the aisle. We have legitimate problems that we need to fix. We need to  make it harder to cheat and easier to vote. We need to reform the  Electoral Count Act. With all due respect to the majority leader, I  think that he said it is unacceptable and insufficient and even  offensive, because he said: ``Scorekeeping matters little if the game  is rigged.'' ``If the game is rigged''--that sounds like what President  Trump was saying just about 18 months ago. Now, we have both sides of  the aisle talking about how ``the game is rigged.''   What we are doing is creating more discontent, and we are actually  suppressing people's interest in voting because they think their vote  won't count. That is what is being said in this Chamber today. That is  what we have to stop. There are a number of things that we can do.   I voted against all of the objections of my seven Republican  colleagues on January 6. I stand by proud. I was proud to certify that  election. But since 2001, the Electoral Count Act has been weaponized.  You had 14 House Members object in 2021. You had 31 House Members and a  Senate Member object in 2005. You had 7 House Members object in 2017.  And we had 138 House Members and 7 Senate Members object in this last  election. It has clearly become weaponized. We clearly have to make it  clear that the Vice President is in a ministerial position, and there  should be a higher bar for lodging an objection.   There are other things that we can do. The certifying agencies across  the States should say: You can't change the rules after the election is  held.   That is what we should be talking about. We should be talking about  making it easier to vote.   I don't know why New York rejected, by a 58-to-42 margin, same-day  registration last year, but they did. The voters went to the polls. And  I am reminded of you saying the legislature overturned it. So now, it  is the legislature in New York that is going to overturn 58 percent  against same-day registration and 54 percent against no-excuse absentee  ballot?   I have got no-excuse absentee ballots in North Carolina. I think we  should encourage more States to do the same.   So where does this need to head? After tensions cool and after what I  hope is a failed vote to change the rules--and, incidentally, the day  that Republicans change the rule for the legislative filibuster is the  day I resign from the Senate. And I believe that I have a number of  Members on my side of the aisle that would never do it. So you don't  have to worry about the argument, ``If you don't change it now, they  will change it when they hit the trifecta.'' It is not going to happen.   Senator Kaine, I think I was naive. When I signed that letter--after  President Trump called for nuking the filibuster 34 times--I said: Get  me on the letter to preserve the filibuster.   I went home, and I was attacked. I have had the protesters. I have  had the censure proposals in county GOPs and State GOPs. And I stand by  it and I will stand by it as long as I am here. But I have to say I  feel a little bit disappointed and a little bit betrayed by the fact  that the 32 Members who signed it on the Democratic side, all but one  now say, Well, things have changed. They haven't changed. And we can't  let this filibuster change. We need to work on making it easier to  vote. We need to work on making it harder to cheat.   There are reasonable solutions that I think most sides of the aisle  can agree to. And the American people need to know that there are  people like me and other Members that are going to fight for that after  this vote hopefully goes down today.   Let's not build a wall between our Chamber. Let's continue the  relationships that we have. I had five conversations with Members on  the other side of the aisle this morning, talking about legislation we  are working on, a visit to North Carolina to spend some time together  outside of the political cauldron that we are in here now, helping  somebody out with a vote in Judiciary for a judicial nominee that you  otherwise may be inclined to vote against. But let me tell you what. If  you want to destroy that opportunity moving forward, vote to nuke the  filibuster; vote to have any rational basis for working with Members  when one of us hits the trifecta.    But I do hope, after this vote fails today, that Members will answer  the call to fix what is wrong with our system, fix the Electoral Count  Act, make it easier to vote and harder to cheat.   