 Mr. Speaker, it is no secret that Biden's self-inflicted  border crisis continues to spiral out of control, and it is only  getting worse.   President Biden's reckless immigration agenda may be easy for the  left to dismiss, because it is what they want, but the heartbreaking  and illegal consequences of his failed policies are impossible to  ignore.   Last week, at just 22 years old, Texas Army National Guard Specialist  Bishop Evans made the ultimate sacrifice while trying to save two  illegals from drowning. And you know, those two illegals turned out to  be alleged drug smugglers. This young man served his country and his  State honorably  [[Page H4568]]  while fighting on the front lines of President Biden's border crisis.   To my knowledge, the President still hasn't said one word about this  young soldier's tragic death. The President's silence is deafening and  disappointing.   Keep in mind, it only took the President a matter of hours to accuse  Border Patrol agents on horseback of misconduct when dealing with a  rush of Haitian illegals just a few months ago.   Simply put, the President's lack of interest and empathy reveals the  sinister, but undeniable, fact that the chaos at our southern border is  intentional. Since stepping foot into the White House, Joe Biden has  eagerly destroyed our border security, putting Border Patrol agents at  risk and threatening every community across the country with an  invasion of illegal aliens.   From illegally defying a Federal court order to reinstate the remain  in Mexico policy, to fighting to terminate title 42 next month, the  Biden administration has egregiously worked to undermine President  Trump's successful solutions that protected our southern border.   Biden's border crisis also represents a significant economic burden  on the American people.   According to a recent study written by the Federation for American  Immigration Reform, or FAIR, the number of illegal aliens living in the  United States increased by one million in President Biden's first year  in office, bringing the estimated total of illegal aliens in the  country to 15.5 million.   Additionally, FAIR's fiscal analysis finds that the millions of  illegal aliens currently residing in our great Nation are imposing a  net fiscal burden of at least $143 billion, an increase of almost $10  billion since Joe Biden took office.   Keep in mind, this comes at a time when American taxpayers are  footing the bill for Democrats' senseless spending and battling the  consequences of 40-year high inflation.   The bottom line is that President Biden's radical open-border agenda  is illegal, intentional, and disastrous for our economy. It is no  wonder over 60 percent of Americans disapprove of Biden's handling of  immigration. Americans simply know the truth: President Biden puts  illegal aliens first and Americans last, and the Biden administration  is actively working to cover up that truth.   Today, we learned that Biden's Department of Homeland Security is  creating a Disinformation Governance Board which will be led by  political hack Nina Jankowicz. This is nothing more than a blatant  attempt to install a ministry of truth in order to push Biden's  propaganda, lies, and radical agenda while concealing and censoring the  truth about what is really happening at the southern border.   Mr. Speaker, this is seriously dangerous and wholly unconstitutional,  which is why I am demanding that Congress immediately investigate  President Biden and Secretary Mayorkas' Disinformation Governance  Board.   We need answers now, Mr. Speaker.   