 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   NATO is the most successful military alliance in history.   Our shared democratic values are a critical piece of that success. We  are reminded of the importance of this alliance daily as Putin  continues his inhumane assault on innocent civilians in Ukraine.   Together, with our NATO allies and partners, we are unified in a  strategic approach to counter our adversaries.   Ukraine is not alone on the front lines of the global battle between  democracy and authoritarianism. The United States and our NATO allies  are supporting Ukraine.   Vladimir Putin's unprovoked and unjustified full-scale invasion of  Ukraine has unified the NATO alliance.   Most recently, the world watched in horror as images from Bucha have  surfaced; mass graves and bodies strewn throughout the street.   NATO must be resolute in its efforts to continue its support for  Ukraine.   This resolution introduced by Congressman Connolly and myself will  affirm the democratic values of NATO and establish a Center for  Democratic Resilience.   Having served as the President of NATO PA, I support the fundamental  role this organization plays in strengthening and defending democracies  worldwide. I also congratulate my colleague for his efforts in support  of this global organization, Congressman Connolly, who currently serves  as the President of NATO PA, has represented the United States very  well there, and brings forth a resolution that is of great importance  to the founding issues and certainly the substance of NATO.   The resolution we are considering today advances this goal by  reaffirming that NATO is an alliance founded on democratic principles  and calling on the U.S. to support the establishment of this center  within NATO headquarters.   This center would and could monitor challenges and threats to  democracy, natural rights, and the rule of law among member nations.  Partnering with democracy promotion organizations, the center will  assist member states and aspiring member states to preserve and foster  democracy among their ranks.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to join me today in support of  this resolution, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Puerto Rico (Miss Gonzalez-Colon).   Miss GONZALEZ-COLON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend and former  president of the NATO Parliamentary Assembly,  Mike Turner, for  yielding.   Today, I am here as a proud cosponsor of H. Res. 831. I stand  alongside our esteemed colleagues, the president of the NATO  Parliamentary Assembly, Congressman Gerry Connolly, and past president,  Congressman  Mike Turner, to support the establishment of a Center of  Democratic Resilience within NATO.   Just yesterday, we celebrated 73 years since the formation of NATO,  an alliance that has assured mutual defense to one another. Beyond our  strategic military alliances, we also share a commitment to our  democratic principles. And I think that is the most important thing  about this resolution.   Establishing an entity designed to promote, protect and strengthen  democratic institutions will further advance the collective security of  our allies and NATO's mission of promoting freedom, human rights,  democracy, and of course, the rule of law.   Mr. Speaker, I have had the honor to serve as a parliamentary member  twice during my time in Congress, and both have given me the  opportunity to witness NATO's defining trait, which is unity.   Unity does not simply mean presenting a united front. It means being  united in spirit and purpose.   Today, as Russia wages war on NATO's borders, that unity of purpose  is more important than ever. It is also clear that Ukraine shares in  our spirit and purpose as well.   That is why this resolution urges NATO to continue to provide  unwavering support to the people of Ukraine as they fight for their  sovereignty, territorial integrity, and a democratic future.   We cannot, and we must not, allow Russia to dictate the terms of a  sovereign nation's policy. I continue to support Ukraine to be afforded  the opportunity to join our defensive alliance. I think it is clear  that the past attempts to placate through indefinite delays for Georgia  and Ukraine have ended in tragedy.   Tragedy struck Georgia in 2008, and Ukraine again in 2014 and 2020,  and are evidence of how effective denying them membership to NATO is  for protecting peace.   Evidence, especially in Bucha, indicates sanctioned mass killings,  the rape and murder of small children, and targeting of civilian  shelters housing infants and the elderly. All while the Russian  leadership talks of a country that doesn't exist.   Together, NATO must continue to present a united front. We must  increase, of course, our aid to Ukraine, and we must ensure that  countries make decisions to enter alliances without foreign  interference. And this is the reason this resolution is so important,  because of our principles and our united purpose. We must never cede an  inch of our freedom or our values. I know that united, we can do this.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Harris).    Mr. Speaker, I would inform Congressman Harris, the  Ambassador to NATO from Hungary openly supports this center, and I know  Poland does also.   This is something that is important overall for NATO, and it does  have the support of both of those nations, and there is no intention  other than to support democracy in this.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   