 Mr. President, when I left home this morning, I told  Myrna I was going to be speaking in regards to Patrick's speech on the  floor. She wanted to make sure that I expressed our deep love and  appreciation to Marcelle and to you, Patrick, for your friendship and  for your genuine concern.   You call this the Senate family, and I can tell you that, for the  Cardin family, the Leahy family is part of our family. And your deep  concern about our challenges really helped us get through some very  difficult moments.   So, first, I just want to express my appreciation to the Leahys for  what they have meant to the Cardins.   It was 16 years ago when I came to the U.S. Senate. I knew Patrick  Leahy from my service in the House. I knew he was an incredible leader  on the Judiciary Committee, and I asked the then-majority leader, Reid,  whether I could serve on the Judiciary Committee because of Patrick  Leahy's leadership. What I didn't expect was a chairman embracing a  first-year member of the committee with responsibility and resources to  make a difference.   He brought every member of the Judiciary Committee into the process.  He gave us an opportunity to be Senators, and my first year was so  rewarding because of Senator Leahy's confidence in each of us  contributing and giving us the resources to do that.   I have sought Senator Leahy's advice over my 16 years in the Senate  with him, and our friendship has grown stronger each year.   Senator Leahy is special for many reasons. Yes, the longevity--48  years is an incredible record to serve in this crazy place and to put  up with this schedule and to put up with all we have to. But it is what  Senator Leahy has done over those 48 years that makes him so special to  all of us. His love and respect for our democratic institutions, his  love and respect of the U.S. Senate, are the hallmarks of his service.  You have heard him speak about that today on the floor of the U.S.  Senate. He has encouraged us to stick by our convictions and debate the  issues, and, yes, disagree with each other, but to do it in a collegial  way. At the end of the day, we have results to reflect the work that we  are doing. That is the Patrick Leahy legacy for our democracy in the  U.S. Senate.   On his values, we talked a great deal about that. You know a person  by his values. I know what he has meant with regard to his  international crusade for human rights. We have talked about the Leahy  Law frequently, but the Leahy Law is incredibly important for America's  foreign policy and to be embraced in our values. The Leahy Law, I have  seen it work firsthand in protecting the rights of individuals, and the  landmine legislation that have we talked about frequently, which has  been the model to the world.   And, yes, I also had a chance to travel with Senator Leahy to Cuba.  It is amazing to be in Cuba with him because he embraces America's  values as making a difference by engagement, which is what Senator  Leahy believes in.   And, yes, the one thing that he said, which is not exactly accurate,  is that he treats all States equally. I don't think any of us will ever  believe that. What he has done for Vermont is incredible, and we all  respect that, because there are so many things Senator Leahy has done  for the economy, but what he has done for the environment in Vermont is  really a model for the entire country.   Yes, Lake Champlain is a great lake. The Chesapeake Bay is great  water body. And we have patterned many of your efforts that we do in  our region, and the people of Vermont and America are better off as a  result of your environmental championship.   Senator Leahy has used every opportunity, whether it is recently as  chairman of the Appropriations Committee or the President pro tempore  of this distinguished Body or chairman of the Judiciary Committee or  chairman of the Agriculture Committee or chairman of the Appropriations  subcommittee dealing with foreign policy. He has used every one of  those opportunities to advance the right values.   He is also a naturalist, we have heard, and he used that to express  emotion. He is a photographer. I say that because a photographer  doesn't just take pictures. A photographer looks at people and places  and captures emotion. And you see in Senator Leahy's photography the  hope for our future, his vision that we can do better in all  communities around the world.   He has strengthened, by his service in this great Body, the U.S.  Senate. He leaves us with a great legacy. He has a great love for this  U.S. Senate. He has a great love for the State of Vermont.  [[Page S7802]]  And his life partner Marcelle--that incredible relationship has  strengthened not only the two of you but all of us.   You might not be surprised to learn that Patrick talks frequently  about his family--all of his family--because he finds strength in his  family and that strength is shown here in the U.S. Senate.   So we say not only thank you, Patrick, for what you have done, but  your public service will be a model that you have established that will  guide us for generations to come. Job well done. Thank you for your  service to our Nation.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    I ask unanimous consent that all time be yielded back and  we vote immediately.   