 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Colorado for  extending me 3 minutes.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the previous question and the  rule, especially the section regarding the Wildfire Response and  Drought Resiliency Act.   Climate change is having a real and serious impact in Colorado and  throughout the country. In 2020, Colorado experienced the three largest  wildfires in our State's history. Last summer, smoke from West Coast  wildfires settled in the Denver Basin and what was at first some of the  most pristine, best air in the world became some of the dirtiest as a  result of the smoke from those wildfires. Most recently, as my friend  said, in December of last year, a fire ripped through the northwest  suburbs of Denver, between Denver and Boulder, destroying more than  1,000 homes in 6 hours.   Over the last 20 years it has been hotter and dryer in Colorado and  throughout the West than ever recorded. Unfortunately, there is still a  lot we don't know about wildfires, their behavior, and their long- lasting effects. The Wildfire Response and Drought Resiliency Act will  improve our understanding of wildfires and create a more coordinated  whole-of-government approach so we can better prepare for and respond  to these worsening threats.   Close to half of my State's population lives in or near places prone  to wildfires, so we need to get serious about our approach to wildfires  to protect people's lives, their homes, and our natural resources.   I am proud of four amendments I introduced in the Science, Space, and  Technology Committee, which are included in this bill. The provisions  expand research and development opportunities to better protect  buildings from wildfire hazards, as well as promote energy efficiency  and environmental sustainability.   Further, the provisions will assist collaboration among the National  Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, NASA, and other agencies in  their work in fire prevention and fire weather forecasting. The  provisions allow NOAA and NASA to purchase commercial data products  from satellites and airborne data sources to support their efforts to  improve our understanding of wildfires.   Finally, the provisions will expand the Department of Energy's  activities under the Wildland Fire Risk Reduction Program to include  fire modeling, forecasting, fire spread, and the analysis of wildfire  fuels.   I urge a ``yes'' vote on the previous question and the rule.   