 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this week, America commemorates National  Police Week--a time to pay tribute to the men and women of law  enforcement and remember those who have made the ultimate sacrifice to  protect and defend our communities.   One of the most emblematic reminders of that sacrifice is the  National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial, which, of course, is here  in Washington, DC. It is a beautiful tribute to the Federal, State, and  local law enforcement officials who have died in the line of duty and  features marble walls engraved with more than 23,000 names. Each of  those names represents a hero to their community, to their State, and  to our Nation. Sadly, the names of 90 Texans were added to that  memorial this year. These officers gave their lives in service to their  communities and to our country, and we thank them, and we thank their  families for that service.    As we mourn the loss of so many of these heroes, this week is also a  time to honor and thank those who continue to serve and protect our  neighborhoods, our schools, and our places of work.   I am grateful for the dedicated police officers who work in Texas  communities, from Brownsville to Amarillo, from Beaumont to El Paso,  and everywhere in between. That includes not only the municipal police  officers but also the sheriffs, the constables, the Border Patrol  agents, and law enforcement officials of all types who keep Texans  safe.   Like all of my colleagues here in Congress, I am also grateful to the  men and women of the Capitol Police, who safeguard this building and  the Members, the staff, the journalists, and many visitors who come  here every day.   A career in law enforcement is never easy, but the past few years  have really shown a light on the challenges America's law enforcement  officers face.   First came the pandemic. While millions of Americans hunkered down at  home to slow the spread of the virus, law enforcement couldn't do that.  They had to be out and about in the community. They had to lace up  their boots and go to work every day. The risk of the virus meant that  even friendly interactions with the public could carry grave risks.   More than half of 619 heroes added to the wall of the National Law  Enforcement Officers Memorial this year died of COVID-related causes.  More than half of the 619 who died, died of COVID-related causes. It is  a deep reminder of the losses our country has experienced over the last  2 years.   The stresses of the pandemic also led to a surge in drug overdose  deaths and an increase in family violence, putting an even tighter  strain on officers serving and protecting our communities. At the same  time, we have seen a shocking increase in violent crime and homicide  rates across the country.   In addition to these challenges, conversations about racial justice  and police brutality have put all of the law enforcement community  under a bright spotlight. Sadly, this debate has, in part, perhaps  inadvertently, contributed to a hostile environment for many of these  officers--people painting with a broad brush, claiming that all law  enforcement officers were somehow racist or that the system was rotten  to the core with systemic racism. Well, that kind of rhetoric and those  kinds of ideas undermine the morale and are a disservice, in my  opinion, to the men and women who do not share any of those prejudices,  thankfully.   Well, law enforcement has been the victim of violent attacks during  this last year. According to the FBI, intentional killings of law  enforcement officers have reached a 20-year high.   Now, don't get me wrong, there is no doubt we need to continue to  work together to improve transparency and accountability within police  forces, and we need to strengthen the relationship between the police  and the communities in which they serve. I think those are things that  all of us can agree on. But as a country, we need to remember that the  actions of a few do not define the rest. The vast majority of our law  enforcement officers are honorable, dedicated public servants who go  above and beyond the call of duty to keep our families and our  communities safe and are committed to improving accountability and  trust in law enforcement.   We need to do more to support those brave men and women who are doing  the right thing, who are serving honorably at great sacrifice to  themselves and their family, and work with them to help rebuild public  trust.   Here in the Senate, I have introduced a range of bills to ensure that  our officers have the training, the resources, and the support they  need to do their jobs.   Given the undeserved hostility many officers are facing, Congress  should pass the Back the Blue Act, which makes clear our support for  the public servants who have dedicated their lives to protecting our  communities. This legislation adds mandatory penalties and makes it a  Federal crime to kill or attempt to kill a law enforcement officer but  also a Federal judge or a federally funded public safety officer, and  it makes it a Federal crime to assault a law enforcement officer.   As I said, these men and women put themselves in harm's way every day  to keep our communities safe, and we need to do more to make it clear  that violence committed against a law enforcement officer will not be  tolerated, period. The Back the Blue Act sends a strong message to the  more than 800,000 law enforcement officers in America that they are  supported, that they are appreciated, and that violence against them  will not stand.  [[Page S2480]]    I am proud that last year, another bill to affirm our support for law  enforcement was signed into law--the Jaime Zapata and Victor Avila  Federal Officers and Employees Protection Act, which carries the names  of two ICE agents who were viciously ambushed by a drug cartel while on  duty in Mexico.   Special Agent Avila suffered serious, life-threatening injuries, and,  unfortunately, Special Agent Zapata tragically lost his life.   Their attackers were convicted of murder and attempted murder in a  U.S. court, but an appellate court reversed those convictions because  of a jurisdictional loophole in the law.   I introduced legislation to close that loophole and ensure that  justice does not hinge on where that attack occurred. This law now  ensures that those who harm or attempt to harm a Federal law  enforcement officer serving abroad, outside the boundaries of the  continental United States, can be prosecuted in the U.S. court system.   Again, we have to send a clear message of zero tolerance to those who  would attack our law enforcement officers. We need to send the message  that we have their backs and that any attack on them will not be  tolerated.    The last 2 years have also taught us that we need to do more to  supply our law enforcement officials with the resources and the  training and the support they need to do their jobs effectively.   Senator Whitehouse and I introduced the bipartisan Law Enforcement  De-escalation Training Act, which created a dedicated funding stream  for de-escalation training. I think we all would agree that force  should only be used when absolutely necessary when law enforcement  officials answer an emergency call and that those officers should have  the training and ready knowledge of how to use alternatives to de- escalate that confrontation, both for their protection as well as the  protection of the individual who is acting out. This will help train  officers in these de-escalation tactics as well as the most effective  and safest ways to interact with people experiencing a mental health or  suicidal crisis.   Another bill Senator Whitehouse and I have introduced is the  Residential Substance Use Disorder Treatment Act which expands access  to treatment in jails and prisons across the country. This program  already provides incarcerated individuals with access to treatment for  substance use disorders. It is coupled with programs to prepare these  men and women for reentry into civic society and to provide community- based treatment once they are released. The changes included in this  legislation will give incarcerated men and women the best possible shot  at living a healthier and more productive life once they are released.  This bill passed the Senate unanimously last year, and I hope that the  House will move it soon.   There are a range of other bipartisan bills to better support law  enforcement so they can do their jobs and we can demonstrate our  support and commitment to them. I introduced the Public Safety Officers  Support Act with Senator Duckworth to provide better mental health  resources for our law enforcement officers. This bill would also ensure  that families of law enforcement officers who die by suicide that is  work-related will receive the benefits they are entitled to.   Senator Klobuchar and I have introduced the Justice and Mental Health  Collaboration Reauthorization Act to continue grants for mental health  courts, crisis intervention teams, and other programs that promote  public safety, as well as improve mental health outcomes and reduce  recidivism.   Finally, I am working on a reauthorization of the Project Safe  Neighborhoods Act. This has been a proven national partnership between  Federal, State, and local law enforcement to use data-driven, evidence- based and trauma-informed practices to reduce violent crime.   It is inspired by a successful program initiated when I was Texas  attorney general. We called it Texas Exile, but it actually originated  in a U.S. attorney's office in Richmond, VA, known as Project Exile. It  is basically going after people who cannot legally use or carry a  firearm because of a prior felony conviction, and targeting those  particular individuals has had a very important positive impact on gun  violence in our communities. It is due for reauthorization at the end  of September and I am committed to making it better, stronger, and more  effective.   So today and every day, I am grateful for the brave men and women who  answered the call to serve and to protect our communities. There is  nothing we can do to adequately thank them and their families for that  sacrifice, but we can take positive action to demonstrate our support  for our brothers and sisters in blue.   I hope we can advance these bills to provide them with the support,  the funding, and the resources they need to do their jobs. And on  behalf of the great State of Texas, I want to say thank you to all of  the law enforcement officers, men and women alike, as well as their  families, who continue to put their lives on the line to keep us safe  every day.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   