 Madam Speaker, we all know the importance of the U.S.  Postal Service and its core mission of prompt, reliable, and efficient  mail service to all Americans, regardless of where they live.   This is essential in States like North Dakota, where even the most  rural postal customers rely on the USPS for the reliable delivery of  everything from electric bills to essential medicine.   But for too long, Congress has ignored the substantial problems  plaguing the U.S. Postal Service. From declining mail volume to  operational inefficiency, the Postal Service has been stuck with a  business model that is not suited to meet the needs of the 21st  century.   This body has been complicit in allowing the financially independent  Postal Service to die a slow death over the last 15 years. In that  time, we have seen mail volume collapse by 40 percent; annual losses  total more than $90 billion; and the addition of more than 1 million  new delivery points every year.   When I was on the floor debating these issues last Congress, I said  the Postal Service does not need a short-term bailout; it needs serious  reform. This bill begins that process.   H.R. 3076 is complementary to Postmaster General DeJoy's 10-year  reform plan and his request to Congress. This bill increases  accountability by requiring a public dashboard with national and local  service performance data that is routinely updated. It supports the  delivery of mail at least 6 days per week. It requires regular  reporting to Congress so we can keep on top of the Postal Service's  plan and ensure the investment goals, cost savings, and revenue  projections are met.   It is more important than ever to support initiatives that place the  Postal Service on a path to financial stability and maintain its self- sufficiency. With a current projected insolvency date of 2024, delaying  postal reform today will only make future decisions more difficult and  more expensive. The status quo is simply not an option.   I appreciate Ranking Member Comer and Chairwoman Maloney coming  together on this bipartisan bill to do the hard work of making the  Postal Service more reliable and sustainable in the long term, and I  urge my colleagues to support this bill.   