 Madam President, I come to the floor tonight with my  colleague from New Hampshire, Senator Jeanne Shaheen, to discuss the  critical situation in Ukraine.   Ukraine is an independent country. It is a democracy. It is an ally  of ours. It is a country that is currently under siege. There is a  threat of invasion by Russia that grows every single day.   Right now, there are more than 130,000 Russian troops under the  command of 100 tactical groups surrounding Ukraine. This Russian  deployment includes nuclear-capable missiles, rockets, tanks, and  artillery, and it is no longer just on the eastern border of Ukraine,  where there has been activity before, as we will discuss, but now on  the northern border, where Russian combat troops and heavy equipment  have moved into the country of Belarus and also in Crimea.  Additionally, Russia has now deployed amphibious assault ships and  other ships into the Black Sea, to the south, and has positioned its S- 400 missile defense systems, which could stop flights into Ukraine.   So from the east, from the north, and from the south, Ukraine is  facing this threat. News accounts say additional equipment is actually  being moved to the Ukrainian border, not being pulled away.   While there are differing views on whether Russia has made the final  decision as to whether to invade or not, there is no question that they  have now amassed the capability needed to conduct a full-scale invasion  of Ukraine.   Let's not forget that Russia has invaded Ukraine twice in the past 8  years, illegally annexing Crimea and inserting troops and offensive  military equipment into the Donbas region in the east.   They have also targeted cyber attacks against public and private  entities in Ukraine and continue to use information to try to  destabilize the democratically elected Government of Ukraine.   By the way, Ukrainians have lost about 14,000 citizens in the last 5  years at the hands of the Russians--14,000--fathers, brothers. That  would be, as a percentage of our population, like the United States  losing about 115,000 people. That is more than we lost in Vietnam and  Korea combined--actually, Vietnam, Korea, Iraq, and Afghanistan  combined. Think how we would feel.   And let's not forget that Russia continues, day by day, to conduct  this low-grade but serious war against Ukraine.   We all hope that instead of an invasion, Russia chooses a diplomatic  end to this current crisis, but we had better treat this threat of an  invasion as a very real and serious possibility. Doing anything else  would be irresponsible, given the massive mobilization and the past  malign behavior.   And all freedom-loving countries have an interest here. Ukraine is  where the cause of freedom is under siege today in our generation.   Eight years ago, Ukrainians made a very deliberate choice. They stood  up to a corrupt Russian-backed government, and they turned to the West,  to the European Union, to America. They said that they wanted to be  like us.   I was in Ukraine in 2014 shortly after what is called the  ``Euromaidan,'' the revolution of dignity. The barricades  [[Page S669]]  were still there in the center of town. The Maidan is a square that was  still occupied by Ukrainian patriots. They sat there in makeshift tents  in the cold because they believed that their hard-won freedom was worth  defending.   And they did defend it. In the protests against the Russian-backed  government, they lost 100 Ukrainian citizens by the security forces of  the Russian-backed government. These individuals were called the  ``Heavenly Hundred,'' and they are still honored today by memorials at  the Maidan. Their freedom came at a high price, and they were willing  to defend it then, as they are today.   I was there as an election observer with other American and European  officials, mostly parliamentarians from Europe, and we witnessed a fair  and robust Presidential election with a huge turnout. I saw their  patriotism and national pride.   The Ukrainian people are proud and consider themselves Ukrainian, not  Russian. They have been a free and independent country for 30 years,  and since the protests in 2014, they have been on a track toward a  Western-focused democracy and a free-market economy. It is their choice  to be free and independent, and no country--no country--has the right  to take that away from them.   I also want to highlight a change since 2014, and that is in the  proficiency of the Ukrainian military and the great tragedy that would  result from an illegal invasion of Ukraine. The Ukrainian military will  stand up, and they are ready. The military of today is a professional  force that has been fighting this low-grade war with Russia for the  past 8 years. It is not the military they had in 2014. They are,  instead, battle hardened today. And thanks to the United States and our  allies, including many NATO allies, they are better trained and better  equipped than ever before.   I have been to the line of contact in the Donbas region--the line of  contact, which is where the Russian troops are on one side and the  Ukrainian troops are on the other, firing back and forth periodically.  I have seen these troops from Ukraine. They are tough. They know how to  fight, and they will fight to defend their country.   And Ukraine is a big country. It is a nation of 418 million people.  In the capital city of Kyiv, there are almost 3 million people. Think  about the humanitarian disaster that will ensue if there is an  invasion--millions of innocent civilians displaced from their homes in  the dead of a Ukrainian winter, fleeing desperately for safety, while  fighting rages around them. This is not a sight anybody wants to see.   By the way, the blood of these innocents will be on the hands of the  Russians.   And there will be significant Russian casualties as well, and severe  multilateral sanctions that will be devastating for the Russian economy  and targeted sanctions that will ensure that the era of Russian  oligarchs treating the West as their playground while pillaging their  own country of resources and wealth will be no more.   In 2014, the Ukrainian people rejected authoritarianism and chose  instead democracy, freedom of speech, freedom to gather, respect for  the rule of law, free markets, prosperity. They are not going back.    Despite Russia's underlying efforts to destabilize Ukraine over the  past 8 years, the people of Ukraine remain committed to this  independent, sovereign, and democratic nation. They don't want State  control, repression, and fear. They instead seek liberty and  opportunity.   Moscow would have the world believe that somehow this massive,  unwarranted Russian buildup is about trying to shore up its border  against threats from Ukraine and NATO. This is, of course, patently  false and should be rejected out of hand by America and its many  allies. Ukraine's military posture has always been defensive. They just  want to be left alone. And unlike Russia, Ukraine has upheld its  commitments under the Minsk agreements, which were designed to ensure a  ceasefire in the Donbas region. NATO is defensive and is no threat to  Russian territorial integrity.   It is important to note that Ukraine is not asking for us to fight  this war for them. They are asking us for increased lethal military  assistance to help them defend themselves should Russia make a mistake  and invade Ukraine again. And they are asking all of us to abide by  commitments we have made. In 1994, after the Berlin Wall came down,  Ukraine signed what is called the Budapest Memorandum. It was a treaty  where Ukraine agreed to give up its nuclear weapons in exchange for  security guarantees from Russia, the United States, and the United  Kingdom; that we would all respect the independence and sovereignty of  Ukraine and refrain from the threat or the use of force against  Ukraine. These are commitments that must be honored.   I know there is a lot that our country and this Congress are divided  over today, and we see it played out on the floor and in the media  constantly. But I will tell you, Republicans and Democrats alike are  united in backing Ukraine in this crisis. That is why it is so  important that my colleague from New Hampshire is on the floor with me  today. She has been a stalwart. We traveled to Ukraine 2 weeks ago and  had the opportunity to meet with the leading officials there, including  President Zelenskyy, but also talked to the Ukrainian people. And we  let them know that on a bipartisan basis we support Ukraine. We have a  bipartisan consensus on the broad structure of sanctions and an aid  package for Ukraine.   The sanctions, by the way, would cripple the Russian economy. We have  some disagreement perhaps over preinvasion or postinvasion sanctions  and how much on each, but we agree on sanctions.   We also agree on assisting Ukraine with further and much needed  support: defense against cyber attacks, as an example, that the  Russians are already conducting--and we expect more to come--and  disinformation attacks coming from Russia. We agree, Republicans and  Democrats alike, not just on sanctions but providing more support to  Ukraine for these critical areas. And of course we agreed on providing  more military assistance to Ukraine so they can defend themselves.   We have come to a consensus on these issues. What we now need is for  all of us to work together, including the White House, to ensure that  we can step forward and put legislation or a resolution on the floor to  ensure that we are doing whatever we possibly can to make it clear what  the consequences will be to act as a deterrent to Russia from making a  terrible mistake.   This is a critical time for us to act and to lead. It is time for us  and the Congress and for this government to speak with one voice.  Freedom in Eastern Europe depends on it but so does the cause of  freedom all around the world.   I now yield to my colleague from New Hampshire Senator Shaheen.    I would like to commend my colleague from New Hampshire  for her strong statement. There should be no mistake here. The United  States of America is united, as this place is united, the Senate and  the House, Republicans and Democrats alike, in standing with Ukraine.   And if there were to be another invasion, the consequences would be  devastating for Russia. It would also, by the way, be harmful to the  stability of Europe and the cause of freedom all around the world  because then you would have an authoritarian country coming into a  democratically elected smaller country and invading it, as Russia has  already done in Crimea and parts of Donbas.   So this effort tonight on the floor is simply to make it very clear  that regardless of what legislative vehicle we end up choosing or  resolution or other, there is no question that we are united, both  Republicans and Democrats, in doing what is nonpartisan, which is  standing up for freedom, which is what America has traditionally done.   I thank my colleague.    Absolutely.    That is correct. And if there is an invasion, it would  be the first time since 1945 that we have seen this kind of malign  behavior--not just an invasion but even the proof we have seen of the  so-called hybrid attacks, the cyber attacks, the disinformation  attacks, which is why so many in Europe are alarmed, particularly in  the Baltics and Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia and Poland, Romania.  Countries that are right on the border, they realize that this is not  going to end in Ukraine if this is what happens. It will send a message  that we no longer have this post-World War II security system in place  in Europe that has kept the peace.   So my hope is that we will continue to see not just unity here on the  floor of the Senate and in the House and in the White House to stand up  for Ukraine but among our allies because all of us are engaged in this.   And I must say I think what Russia and Vladimir Putin have done quite  well in the last several weeks is unify the transatlantic alliance in  ways I have rarely seen it. So NATO is stronger than ever because the  Secretary General of NATO talked about this. He sounds exactly like we  do, meaning that this shall not stand and cannot happen. So I think  this is going to bring us together.   But deterrence is what we are all about--a peaceful resolution, a  backing off, and the ability to allow a free and independent people of  Ukraine to have their sovereignty and territorial integrity respected.   Now, may I ask my colleague from New Hampshire a question?    We have seen here on the floor of the Senate lots of  back-and-forth and partisanship. I made the assertion earlier that I  see colleagues on both sides of the aisle being unified on this. I  certainly feel that way with my Republican colleagues. Can the Senator  speak to it as to her Democratic colleagues?    Well said.   I yield the floor.   