 Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, my amendment would authorize a new program at the  Department of Agriculture to reduce our reliance on foreign sources of  fertilizer. It is to make sure that America will be more self- sufficient and that our farmers will be more self-sufficient with our  fertilizers and not dependent on Russia or foreign countries.   Everyone knows that retail fertilizer costs are at an all-time high.  Putin's invasion of Ukraine is driving severe food shortages and severe  fertilizer shortages. This has driven up food prices and hurt American  farmers and consumers across the country. In my district, food prices  are up and fertilizer prices are up.   The cost of agricultural chemicals has more than doubled since the  start of the pandemic, and one of the reasons is Russia is a major  exporter of nitrogen, potassium, and phosphorus fertilizers.   We need to be less dependent on countries like Russia, and we need to  develop these fertilizers here in the United States. That is why  Congress must act on a bipartisan basis.   This amendment is common sense. It would authorize $100 million for  grants, loans, research and development, and other assistance for the  Department of Agriculture to support our farmers in developing  fertilizer made in the United States.   It will support sustainable and innovative domestic production of  fertilizers because our fertilizers are far more sustainable and far  more innovative than the fertilizers we get from other parts of the  world.   It will invest in practices that reduce the use of fertilizers. One  of the best things we can do for food prices and our environment is to  reduce the need for fertilizers by having those fertilizers be more  innovative.   The amendment also bolsters competition in the fertilizer market.   Most important, it makes us less dependent on the Russians and less  dependent on the global supply chain. It will create jobs for domestic  producers of fertilizers.   The Department of Agriculture is already supporting American-made  fertilizers through the Commodity Credit Corporation. My amendment will  expand the Department's authority so they can prioritize solutions that  will most quickly address these shortages.   Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this amendment. I thank Chairman  Scott for working with me on this amendment. I also thank the  Agriculture Committee staff of Anne Simmons, Lyron Blum-Evitts,  Prescott Martin, Josh Lobert, and Luke Theriot for their work, and  Kevin Fox on my team.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   I respect the ranking member. We have worked together on a number of  initiatives.   I would just say that this amendment, by giving the Commodity Credit  Corporation resources, is helping make things in America. Whether it is  immediate or whether it is over the next few months, we should have a  bipartisan consensus that we ought to be making more things in this  country and be less dependent on Russia and foreign sources.   While I urge a ``yes'' vote on this amendment, I also hope that we  can continue to work with the other side to find common ground over  this Congress so that we can get bipartisan support for an effort to  build more fertilizer in the United States.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   