 Mr. Speaker, S. 3969, the Protection and Advocacy for  Voting Access Program Inclusion Act, will provide federal funding to  help my district, the Northern Mariana Islands, lower the accessibility  barriers that prevent individuals with disabilities from exercising  their right to vote.   The right to vote is the bedrock of our democracy. Yet simply having  the right to vote does not ensure that every citizen is able to access  the polls to cast their ballot. While the Help America Vote Act of 2002  has been instrumental in improving the accessibility of polling places  for voters with disabilities, the Act currently cannot distribute  program grants to the Marianas and the American Indian Consortium.   S. 3969 corrects that. The bill adds the Marianas and the American  Indian Consortium to entities eligible for grants under the Protection  and Advocacy for Voting Access program. PAVA supports training for poll  workers, distributing resources on how to conduct an accessible  campaign, maintaining voting hotlines, and examining polling places for  accessibility.   S. 3969 is the Senate companion to H.R. 7326, which Rep. Ruben  Gallego and I introduced in this Congress. I want to thank Senators Ben  Ray Lujan, Roy Blunt, Amy Klobuchar, Tina Smith, and Martin Heinrich  for introducing S. 3969 and their work to pass the bill unanimously in  the Senate.   I also want to thank Representatives Tom O'Halleran, John Curtis, and  Teresa Leger Fernandez for their cosponsorship of H.R. 7326.   I urged my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation.    Mr. Chair, H.R. 7780, the Mental Health Matters Act, will  provide federal funding to help students and school staff in my  district, the Northern Mariana Islands, access mental health care and  hire more school based mental health service providers.   The COVID-19 pandemic seriously impacted students' social and  emotional development. In 2021, the Centers for Disease Control and  Prevention reported over 44 percent of students felt sadness or  hopelessness, almost 20 percent had suicidal thoughts, and 9 percent  attempted suicide. However, the student mental health crisis preceded  the pandemic. In 2016, CDC found roughly 1in 6 children in America aged  2-8 years were diagnosed with mental, behavioral, or developmental  disorders. The House Early Childhood, Elementary, and Secondary  Education Subcommittee I chair has heard from schools nationwide on the  worsening state of our children's mental health. The House now has an  opportunity to pass the Mental Health Matters Act that I cosponsored to  provide the resources necessary to help schools provide lifesaving care  to our students in need.   H.R. 7780 will set aside $25 million to school districts in the  Marianas and other insular areas for the recruitment and retention of  school-based mental health service providers. The Marianas Public  School System serves a high percentage of students that come from  families with incomes below the poverty line. Students, regardless of  income, should have access to the health care they need. H.R. 7780  expands students' access to mental health care and ensures our schools  have the resources to provide the care they need.   I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 7780.   