 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, as of January, energy prices were up 27  percent across the board. Gas prices were up 40 percent from a year  ago. Natural gas was up 24 percent. Fuel oil was up 46 percent.   High energy prices have a huge impact on our economy. Obviously, they  represent a significant, direct burden on Americans trying to fill up  their cars or pay the utility bills, but they also contribute to price  hikes across our economy. High gas prices and other energy costs  contribute to price increases on a whole host of other goods.  Manufacturers facing higher transportation costs thanks to high gas  prices, for example, are often forced to pass on at least some of those  increased costs to consumers in the form of price hikes.   Now, while Democrats helped create our current inflation crisis with  their so-called American Rescue Plan spending spree last March,  President Biden is not solely responsible for high energy prices. He is  responsible, however, for the fact that he is pursuing an energy agenda  that is almost guaranteed not only to increase American energy prices  long term but also to increase our reliance on foreign sources of  energy.   Since the day he took office, President Biden has pursued an agenda  that is hostile to conventional sources of energy; namely, oil and  natural gas. When it comes to energy, he is focused almost exclusively  on alternative energy technology--specifically on electric vehicles,  which his administration has clearly picked as its preferred winner in  the clean energy stakes.   Now, I should say I am a longtime supporter of clean energy. In South  Dakota, we derive a significant amount of our energy from hydropower  and wind. In fact, in 2020, 80 percent of our utility-scale generation  was renewal, about half of that from hydro. I have long championed  cleaner burning renewable fuels like ethanol and biodiesel.   But the fact of the matter is, our Nation is not going to be fully  transitioning to 100 percent zero-emission energy anytime soon no  matter how much the administration would like it to. There are a lot of  hurdles to be crossed before we can rely solely on clean energy.  Consumers, first and foremost, need affordable and reliable energy  supplies, especially consistent baseload energy.   Clean energy technology has simply not advanced to the point where it  needs to be in order for us to rely on clean energy exclusively. We are  going to need an ``all of the above'' energy portfolio for a while yet,  including oil and natural gas, and it is a disservice to the American  people to pretend otherwise.   We should absolutely continue to invest in clean energy and pursue  clean energy technologies in a fiscally responsible manner, but we also  have to ensure that our Nation has the oil and natural gas that it  needs for our economy to run and for Americans to be able to afford to  heat their homes and to get where they need to go.    As I said, since taking office, President Biden has pursued an agenda  hostile--hostile--to conventional energy production. He set the tone on  his first day in office when he canceled the Keystone XL Pipeline--an  environmentally responsible pipeline project that was already underway  and that was to be paired with $1.7 billion in private investment in  renewable energy to fully offset its operating emissions. He also  almost immediately froze new oil and gas leases on Federal lands,  sending a clear signal to oil and gas producers that his administration  would be reluctant to work with them to increase American energy  production.   He has continued along the same lines ever since. He seems to think  that he can hurry along the clean energy future he dreams of by  discouraging oil and natural gas production here at home, but he can't.  As I said, clean energy sources are simply not at the point where they  can solely power American homes or our economy.   The only effect of curbing conventional energy production would be to  force Americans to rely more on foreign sources of oil and natural gas,  and that is a big problem. It is a big problem. It is a problem because  the more we rely on foreign sources of energy, the more vulnerable  Americans are to energy price spikes and to global shortages. It is a  problem because relying on foreign sources of energy often means  relying on energy from tyrannical governments in volatile areas of the  world.   U.S. imports of Russian energy have spiked during the Biden  administration, and the current conflict in Ukraine is a reminder of  just how big of a problem that is. In the first place, the dollars we  or other nations spend importing energy from Russia are dollars Russia  is free to use to prosecute its unjustified invasion of Ukraine and any  other country that it decides to attack. In the second place, when you  rely on another country for your energy needs, you end up beholden to  that country.   Now, while we have imposed heavy sanctions on Russia, we have yet to  directly sanction Russia's energy sector, and other countries have also  held back on sanctioning Russian energy. There is little question that  this reluctance stems from both fears of price hikes as a result of  sanctions and from fears of lessening the availability of Russian  energy supplies.   The truth is, we should be sanctioning Russia's energy sector. Energy  production is the lifeblood of the Russian economy, and sanctioning  Russian energy would be one of the most effective ways of halting  Putin's imperial ambitions.   It is unfortunate that the President has not put our Nation on  stronger footing energy-wise so that we could more easily weather these  challenging times. The only acceptable American energy policy is an  ``all of the above'' energy policy that invests in both clean energy  technologies and conventional energy sources. That is the only way--the  only way--to keep energy prices down and ensure America's energy needs  are met no matter what is going on in energy-producing countries around  the globe.   Now, if the President really wants to lower energy prices for  American families, as he indicated in his State of the Union Address on  Tuesday, he could reverse his rejection of the Keystone XL Pipeline,  which would be a much welcome recognition that liquid fuels will be  part of our energy composition well into the future.   He could fast-track environmentally responsible domestic oil and gas  production on Federal lands.   He could work to overturn the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission  decision that will make it more difficult to get approval for natural  gas pipelines.   He could ensure that the Department of the Interior releases new land  for responsible oil and gas development--something the Department is  required to do quarterly by law.   He could encourage financial institutions to invest in conventional  energy production and reinstate the January  [[Page S966]]  2021 proposed rule that would prevent large American financial  institutions from blacklisting the conventional energy sector.   Finally, he could also get serious about leveraging American  agriculture as an energy solution, specifically restoring integrity to  the renewable fuel standard. This means not only setting robust  blending targets and rejecting specious small refinery exemptions but  approving advanced fuels from corn kernel fiber and restoring the year- round sale of E15.   These measures and others like them, combined with clean energy  investment, would help lower energy prices now and in the future and  help put our Nation on a path to long-term, full energy independence.  It is the best decision President Biden could make for American  families struggling with high energy prices, and it is the best  decision he could make for the long-term security of our country.   I hope he will rethink his hostility to conventional energy  production and spend the next year of his administration embracing the  kind of ``all of the above'' energy strategy that this Nation so  desperately needs.   I yield the floor.    The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator  from North Carolina (Mr. Burr) and the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr.  Inhofe).   