 Madam President, I come to the floor today to talk  about the economy.   You know, right now, inflation is at a record high. At the same time,  what we are seeing is that Joe Biden's approval rating by the people  all across this country is at a record low. And there is a connection.   This morning, the majority leader came to the floor of the Senate and  said that Democrats were going to talk about inflation at their policy  lunch today--today, February 15, 2022--13 months after Joe Biden took  office.   Democrats have been in power for almost 13 months. They control the  White House. They control the Senate. They control the House of  Representatives. Ten months into this inflation crisis, what they are  doing is putting forward gimmicks, not solutions.   They want to get past the upcoming election. They don't want to get  to long-term solutions for our Nation.   On Thursday, the world found out that prices in the United States had  risen at their fastest pace in 40 years, and of course that was the  same day that Joe Biden's approval rating dropped to 40 percent.   The American people are getting squeezed financially. They are  feeling the pain, and they are furious with President Biden. Since Joe  Biden became President, wages have gone up slower than prices. Prices  have gone up faster than wages. People can't keep up. It is hard to  even stay even. As a result, the American family today can afford a lot  less than it could the day that Joe Biden took office. Over the last  year, inflation outpaced wages by over $1,400. That is an over-$100-a- month differential.   So who gets hurt the worst when your wages fall behind the increasing  costs of Joe Biden's economy?   Well, it is families who are struggling; it is young couples; it is  people living on fixed incomes; it is people trying to go to work every  day to put bread on the table. In other words, the people who are hurt  the most are the people who can afford it the least. They are feeling  the pain and paying the price every time they go to the grocery store  and every time they go to the gas pump.   Big price increases have occurred in energy. CNBC reports that one in  five American families couldn't afford to pay the energy bill over the  past year. The same number, roughly, kept their homes at an  uncomfortable and unhealthy temperature because they can't afford the  cost of energy to heat them. Many have had to choose whether they are  going to heat or to eat. Gas prices have gone up by over $1 a gallon  since Joe Biden became President.   American energy production is still not to the level that it was  before the pandemic. We are still producing 1.2 million fewer barrels  of oil each day than we were before the pandemic. We are not producing  it here, but--oh, by the way--Vladimir Putin is selling 5 million  barrels a day of crude oil in the international markets. This is a  direct result of the anti-American energy policies of Joe Biden and his  entire administration and the Democratic Party in this country. People  understand simple supply and demand. When the supply goes down and the  demand stays the same or goes up, prices go up as well.   It is also what happened with America's workforce. The Democrats  created the worst labor shortage in American history. We have broken  records for unfilled jobs in 5 of the last 12 months.   So when did it start?   Well, it started in March of this past year, when Democrats passed  their $2 trillion spending bill, which was not paid for and added to  the debt, and the bill gave a bonus payment for people to stay home  from work. People were getting paid more not to go to work than they  were able to make had they gone to work.   What happened when the bonuses ran out?   Joe Biden imposed a national vaccine mandate, saying that if you  don't get the vaccine, you lose your job. The vaccine mandate took a  sledgehammer to the American workforce. According to one survey, half  of America's small businesses couldn't find enough workers in just this  past December. If you drive around Wyoming, you will see ``Help  Wanted'' signs all around my home State. What happens when you have  fewer workers? It means empty shelves and higher prices. When supply  goes down, prices go up.   Now the opposite is also true. That is what we have seen with the  value of the dollar. Last March, Democrats flooded the country with  government cash. Now the dollar, in many people's wallets and  pocketbooks, doesn't go as far as it did before.   Democrats passed the largest single spending bill in American  history. They put $2 trillion on the Nation's credit card. Republicans  warned: Do not do this. It will cause inflation. Democrats didn't  listen. Every single Democrat in this Senate voted for it; every single  Democrat voted for it; every single Republican voted against it; and  Joe Biden signed it.   Since then, prices have gone up faster than wages. First, they said  it was going to be temporary. Then, astonishingly, in July, Joe Biden  said inflation was expected. He kind of bragged that he had seen it  coming all along. Well, if he had seen it coming all along, why didn't  he do something about it? All that this President has done is put jet  fuel on the fire of inflation. He told us inflation would be  transitory, and he said it month after month, after month, after month.  He can't say it anymore. Oh, no. Inflation is here, and people are  paying the price and feeling the pain.   Last week's inflation report should be a blaring siren to the  Democrats in Washington, and I was so happy to hear the majority  leader, this morning, saying, finally, today, at lunch, February 15,  2022, that the Democrats were going to start talking about inflation at  their policy lunch today. They should all be suffering from significant  indigestion.   This is a crisis, and Democrats are doing nothing about it. The  Democrats borrowed trillions of dollars this year.   This week, Democrats in the House are talking about getting rid of  the debt ceiling completely--of spending more. They are talking about a  blank check, unlimited borrowing, and trillions and trillions more in  spending, which will only mean higher and higher inflation.   Inflation will not go away on its own. Democrats need to stop the  reckless spending. They need to stop the nationwide mandates. They need  to stop shutting down American energy. The American people cannot  afford any more records like the ones that Joe Biden is setting right  now.   I yield the floor.   