 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, President Biden's proposal for fiscal  2023 was a massive real-dollar increase for liberal domestic spending  and a significant real-dollar cut for our national defense. Thanks to  the tireless work from Senator Shelby and a number of  [[Page S7789]]  our colleagues, the Government funding bill that we will be taking up  this week does exactly--exactly the reverse of what the Biden  administration asked for. This bill will significantly grow the  baseline for defense and significantly cut the baseline for nondefense,  nonveterans, after inflation, a big real-dollar increase in the defense  baseline, and a big real-dollar cut for the nondefense, nonveterans  baseline. This is an impressive outcome for the Republican negotiators;  and, more importantly, it is the outcome that our country actually  needs to keep helping Ukraine and our other friends, to keep out- innovating and out-competing Russia and China and to keep our brave men  and women in uniform equipped with the best training tools and  technologies the world has ever seen.   The administration's original version for the Federal budget-- starving defense while shoveling cash into miscellaneous domestic  spending--was so out of whack that Democrats in Congress actually  joined us in rejecting it.   Then there was some discussion that Democrats might only agree to  make sufficient investments in our Armed Forces if they got to jack up  domestic spending even higher as compensation. Of course, that didn't  make any sense either. The Commander in Chief's own political party  does not get to take our troops hostage in order to demand even more  unrelated goodies.   The Republicans' position all along was quite simple: Defending  America and out-competing our rivals is a fundamental governing duty.  It is the basic business that we are supposed to take care of, not  something for which Democrats get special rewards. And that is  precisely what is finally happening. Compared to where the negotiators  started, we transferred huge sums of money away from Democrats'  spending wish list, toward our national defense and Armed Forces, but  without allowing the overall cost of the package to go any higher.   There is no question that an omnibus spending bill less than 1 week  before Christmas is not the right way to run the appropriations process  or the Senate Chamber. Things should be done differently--more  responsibly, with more foresight and more planning.   And when Republicans controlled the majority, things were, in fact,  done differently--more responsibly, with more foresight. When  Republicans last controlled both chambers, we worked to conduct a more  normal appropriations process. The subcommittees were more empowered to  do their work. We worked to break things into multiple bills and move  minibuses across the Senate floor before the 11th hour.   Instead, as Republicans spent this whole year calling on the  Democratic leader to prioritize his basic responsibilities like  government funding and the NDAA, this majority spent literally month  after month chasing shiny objects while procrastinating on core duties.   So I share many of my colleagues' dissatisfaction with the  dysfunctional Democratic-run process that has brought us here. But,  unfortunately, as we stand here today, going back in time and forcing  Democrats to spend the last 11 months running the Senate more  responsibly is certainly not an option. From where we stand today,  there are literally two options before us: No. 1, we can pass this  bill, give our servicemembers and commanders the resources they need,  flip the President's broken budget request on its head and actually cut  baseline, nondefense, nonveterans spending in real dollars while we are  at it; or we can fail to pass this bill and give our Armed Forces  confusion and uncertainty while the Chinese Communist Party continues  to help their military commanders pour money into new research and new  weapons.   Between the two actual options before us, this is not a close call.  The Senate should pass this bill.   