 Madam President, I have taken the opportunity--well, all  the time I have been in Congress--to speak in support of Congress  acting to reform and improve the Postal Service. I am here again today,  and I am pleased with what I think is going to transpire here within  the next hour. I again express my strong support for the Postal Service  Reform Act, and I urge my colleagues to support this critical,  important piece of legislation.   The U.S. Postal Service is an indispensable piece of American  infrastructure nationwide. Back in my home State of Kansas, the rural  communities are especially reliant on the Postal Service for the  essential public services the Agency and its employees provide.   However, due to the closure of numerous rural processing facilities  in Kansas and post office consolidations and closures, the quality of  service and efficiency of the Postal Service has significantly  declined. The reduced effectiveness of the Postal Service hurts  Americans across the board, but it has the most detrimental impact on  rural places like Kansas.   For as long as I have served in Congress, Kansans have detailed to me  the adverse impact the declining quality of the U.S. Postal Service has  had on their lives and have expressed the need for reforms to improve  its efficacy.   The concerns I hear from Kansans are characteristic of the larger  picture. The Postal Service is struggling to keep up with its service  commitments while still maintaining fiscal stability. Over the past  decade, the Postal Service has slowly--and sometimes quickly-- eliminated services; and in that elimination of services, it created  what I call a death spiral: shorter hours, fewer post offices, mail  processing facilities further away and fewer of them.   This makes life extremely difficult for Kansans, especially rural and  highly rural Kansans who rely upon the Postal Service to deliver  essential items like medications because there simply isn't a pharmacy  for pickup delivery nearby. And the customer looks for delivery  services outside the U.S. Postal Service when the service is  insufficient, and the Postal Service continues then to lose more  revenue.   For as long as I have been in Congress, I think I have met with every  Postmaster General, and I have really delivered two messages--one  related to this point I am making right now, which is the solution to  the Postal Service's financial condition can't simply be reducing the  services. I have also suggested that instead of hiring high-priced  consultants, the Postmaster General and the Postal Service should  consult with their own employees about suggestions of how to deliver  better service in a more effective and efficient way and save revenue.   Serving rural States like my own, I understand well the crippling  impact that losing postal service would have on rural communities  across the country; that is why I have repeatedly acted on my  conversations with Kansans by encouraging congressional focus on Postal  Service issues and have worked to get postal reform legislation passed  for nearly a decade.   My colleague on the Senate floor with me this afternoon, Senator Tom  Carper of Delaware, I have joined him on many occasions in the past  several sessions of Congress. We are cosponsors--lead Republican and  lead Democrat--in reform legislation, and I have met with him and the  Postmaster General of the U.S. Postal Service numerous times. We  recognize that smart reforms were needed to make certain the Postal  Service could compete in this digital age, increase revenue, and not  become a taxpayer liability.   Several provisions of the legislation that Senator Carper and I have  introduced are included in the Postal Service Reform Act we are  considering today: the elimination of the prefunding requirements of  retiree health benefits, allowing the Postal Service to enter into  agreements with other governmental entities for new avenues of revenue,  and making 6-day delivery permanent by law.   In so many instances in my conversations with Kansans at a townhall  meeting or on the street or talking to the newspaper editor, the lack  of timely delivery of the mail has become increasingly a problem; and  what would one expect when the Postal Service is closing post offices,  shortening its hours and, most importantly, closing processing  facilities?   I hope to make the case to the U.S. Postal Service after passage of  this legislation that the postal processing facilities that have been  closed in Kansas should be considered for reopening--in fact, should be  reopened. Today, the mail will leave a rural community, go to some  neighboring State--Nebraska or Texas or Missouri--only to be returned  to the postal patron who lives a block from the person who mailed the  letter to begin with. We need the return of those postal processing  facilities, and their departure had dramatic and consequential effects  upon the Postal Service.   I am pleased that the efforts of my colleagues and I have culminated  now in the Postal Service Reform Act. From listening to Kansans, I have  recognized for years that Congress must act with the Postal Service on  a more sustainable path, and this week, the Senate will finally address  this longstanding issue--address it in a way that a bill will become  law.   Congressional action on postal reform will allow the Postal Service  to continue serving rural America without the possibility of imminent  service reductions and the uncertainty of the future of the Agency.   From the veterans waiting on critical medications to be delivered  from the VA, to the farmer in rural Kansas needing a part for his or  her machinery, to the grandparent just waiting to send a birthday card  to a grandchild, this legislation puts us on a path to making certain  the Postal Service can continue to be relied on to deliver when it  matters most.   I thank those who work in the post office and the Postal Service in  my home State of Kansas, many of whom I know, and--despite the  challenges presented because of the U.S. Postal Service's decisions  over the past decade--have worked hard to make sure that the mail is  delivered and delivered on time and make sure that their customer, the  postal patron, is cared for.   To ensure the Postal Service maintains its vital public services, I  urge my colleagues in the Senate to support the Postal Service Reform  Act when it arrives on the Senate floor shortly for a vote.   Madam President, I yield the floor.   