 Madam Speaker, it has been difficult in debate last week  and even today to be told that we have no courage. We were told in  debate last week: We don't want to hear anymore about social media,  violent video games, Hollywood, mental illness. And  [[Page H5372]]  they sure don't want to hear any more about prayers. They are disgusted  hearing about prayers. They don't want to hear any more about  fatherlessness and drug use.   Maybe if we heard more prayers from leaders of this country instead  of taking God's name in vain, we wouldn't have the mass killings like  we didn't have before prayer was eliminated from school.   It is not like we are not willing to consider the best way to stop  mass shootings, but if you look at the plans being proposed in these  bills, you can find these things in cities controlled by Democrats.   If you look at the 16 cities that were hit with record homicide  rates, they all had Democrats at the top controlling things:  Philadelphia, 524 murders last year; Austin, Texas, had a record 88;  Indianapolis, 258; Albuquerque, 107; Columbus, Ohio, 179; Jackson,  Mississippi, 129; and Atlanta, Georgia, 150.   If you look at the Speaker's own State--as this article by AWR  Hawkins said this week, an FBI report on active shooter incidents in  2021 shows California was the number one State for such incidents, with  6 incidents out of the 12 that met the definition of mass killing.    In California, universal background checks, assault weapons ban,  high-capacity magazine ban, 10-day waiting period on gun purchases, red  flag laws, gun registration requirements, good cause requirement for  concealed carry--and what is the response we got in debate last week  about? You ought to have due process. We are told: Oh, they get due  process. Look at the bill.   What the Democrats call due process is just like the January 6th  Committee. It is not due process. It is not bipartisan. They have only  one side that is heard at the hearing. The people, when they want to  take away your gun, they don't get to be there. The husband can rush in  and claim the battered wife is a threat. That is enough to get her  eliminated from being able to use a weapon or have a weapon.   These are not the ways to fix things. For people who are okay with  late-term abortions and ripping the arms and legs off of children that  feel the pain and then crushing the skulls, it is desensitizing.   Madam Speaker, it is not well received.   