 Madam Speaker, this should be a happy occasion  because major telehealth legislation is being brought to the floor on  its own. Finally.   As a co-chair of the bipartisan Congressional Telehealth Caucus, my  fellow caucus members and I have been pushing for telehealth to be  recognized for its true value for years. Years.   So here we are, and those of us who are leaders on the Congressional  Telehealth Caucus, the Energy and Commerce Committee, Ways and Means,  and are all longtime champions for telehealth reforms, we have been  completely left out of the process.   The product we have before us today is a small step in the right  direction, but the American people deserve better. This legislation,  conceived in a last-minute deal, is, sadly, a missed opportunity.   This legislation, well, frankly, it looks familiar. It removes  geographic restrictions, enables telehealth access in the home,  protects telemental health services--reforms we have been seeking for  years now.   But it is time to decouple important telehealth reforms from this  never-ending public health emergency. Kicking the can down the road  another year-and-a-half, as this legislation does, just isn't  sufficient.   During COVID-19, temporary telehealth expansion was a real bright  spot. It eased burdens on a strained medical system, protected at-risk  patients, and in rural Appalachian districts like mine, I heard from  countless constituents who were very relieved that they could access  care from their home instead of the common half hour or even longer to  drive to the appointments they needed.   Now, Madam Speaker, it is time for permanent reforms. I am proud to  have introduced H.R. 8493 with my colleagues Vern Buchanan and Michelle  Steel to make real long-term reforms to telehealth. This, coupled with  the additional alternative proposals my colleagues have offered today,  would do just that.   Clearly, as you can see, Madam Speaker, the Speaker of the House has  the will to take on this challenge. But this bill on the floor today?  Well, I am going to support it, but I am afraid it is just a start. We  have more to do.   