 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, Egypt is one of America's closest  allies. Our taxpayers send them more direct funding for their military  than we send almost any other nation in the world.   But here is what happens to political opponents of the Egyptian  regime when they get arrested--and they get arrested at a dizzying rate  and get sent to the infamous Tora prison. Arrivals there are  blindfolded and then are forced to run through a human corridor of  guards who pummel them with sticks until they collapse.   Following this initiation for political prisoners, many of them are  routinely beaten and tortured for months or years on end, often with no  formal charges being filed. Some never make it out alive.   Human rights groups estimate that there are around 60,000 political  prisoners in Egypt.   I get it. The big numbers sometimes lose their meaning in this place.  But, by comparison, estimates are that Russia has 420. China likely has  around a thousand. Egypt locks up 60,000 political opponents of the  regime.   To keep up with the demand of President El-Sisi's imprisonment spree,  the country has had to build 60 new detention centers over the last  decades. These prisons house some of the country's most prominent human  rights defenders, journalists, opposition leaders, but also just  ordinary people who are locked up for years because they just attended  a protest or they liked a Facebook post or they recorded a TikTok  video.   Let me tell you a story of just one of these 60,000 people. Right  now, one of my constituents is suffering through the pain and  uncertainty of having a relative unjustly imprisoned in Egypt. Muhammad  Amasha is studying at Yale University, pursuing his Ph.D. Meanwhile,  his father, Dr. Ahmed Amasha, was imprisoned in Egypt from 2017 to 2019  and rearrested and jailed again in June of 2020. According to the U.N.,  his detention seems ``to constitute [an act of reprisal] against Dr.  Amasha for documenting cases of enforced disappearances for the Special  Procedures of the Human Rights Council of the United Nations.''   Since his arrest in 2020, Dr. Amasha reportedly has endured abuse  during his interrogations that resulted in broken ribs and other  significant injuries. His abuse included rape, electrocution, threats  to rape his wife, and physical abuse while blindfolded. He was forced  to sign a written confession during his time of abuse.   Since President El-Sisi came to power in 2013, more than a thousand  people have died in Egyptian custody. Fourteen percent of those deaths  were torture. More than 70 percent are because of a denial of  healthcare.   This isn't an adversary of the United States. This is Egypt, our  ally. Every day that we continue to send billions of dollars to the  Egyptian Government, while paying lipservice to these egregious human  rights violations, it is a blow both to our Nation's character and to  our credibility around the world.   For the last several years, I fought to change our Egypt policy, and  for the first time, in fiscal year 2021, we conditioned, with no  waiver, $75 million of Egypt's $1.3 billion military aid package on  ``making clear and consistent progress on releasing political prisoners  and providing detainees with due process of law.'' Because there is no  waiver, the administration either has to certify that Egypt has made  this progress to merit the release of the money or that they haven't  made that progress and withhold the money.   The record is clear that they have not. Let me just provide one way  of measuring ``clear and consistent progress'' on releasing political  prisoners. A group of Egyptian human rights organizations submitted a  list of 2,954 known political prisoners to the government's  Presidential Pardon Committee earlier this year. These are people who  should not be in jail. They simply protested the government. And if you  are going to be an ally of the United States, you shouldn't be locking  people up for political speech. But of those 2,954 detainees, the  government released 49. That is not ``clear and consistent progress.''   Another metric: Since April, Egypt's terrorism courts have ordered  the release of 417 prisoners. But over that same time period, at least  4,400 political prisoners have had their detentions renewed by the  courts. That is not ``clear and consistent progress.'' It is progress,  but it is always one step forward and two or three steps backward, at  best.   Egypt has certainly not made the kind of progress required to merit  the release of $75 million.   In addition to that piece of funding tied to political prisoners,  Congress has also tied an additional $225 million of Egypt's military  aid to ``sustained and effective steps'' to improving Egypt's human  rights record--a broader record of human rights abuses. The statute  lays out that, in order to receive this money, Egypt needs to allow  NGOs and the media to operate freely, protect women and religious  minorities, hold security forces accountable when they violate human  rights, and investigate and prosecute these cases of forced  disappearances.   Again, the record is overwhelmingly clear that things in Egypt have  gotten worse on these fronts, not better, over the last year.  Journalists are regularly still charged with ``joining a terrorist  group'' or ``spreading false news'' for any critical reporting. Just  last week, four journalists from the independent outlet Mada Masr were  charged with a single news article that documented corruption within a  political party close to the President.   Earlier this year, human rights lawyer Youssef Mansour was charged  with ``inciting terrorism'' after he wrote a social media post  denouncing prison conditions.   Egypt is also not content with imprisoning its critics at home but  increasingly is pursuing its critics abroad. News reports emerged in  December that a prominent opposition  [[Page S4531]]  leader who lives in exile in Turkey had his phone hacked with NSO group  software. In January, the U.S. Justice Department arrested a foreign  agent here acting on behalf of Egypt. This is not the behavior of a  foreign government that has made ``significant progress'' toward  improving human rights to merit the release of $225 million.   Lastly, every year when we have this debate, there are always  proponents who argue that, even though Egypt has this horrific human  rights record, we should give them the money anyway. The argument is  that because Egypt is a really important strategic ally, if we withhold  just a portion of the $1.3 billion, Egyptians might stop cooperating  with us or shop around for another partner.   Let me just take a minute to address the fallacy of this argument.  First, Egypt does provide strategic benefits to the United States.  Egypt provides counterterrorism cooperation. It shares intelligence  with us about shared threats. Access to the Suez Canal is critical for  the United States. When violence does flare up in Gaza, Egypt often  steps in and helps mediate and facilitate a truce through its ties with  Hamas. There are good reasons for the United States and Egypt to be  partners.   And it is not crazy that we give them military aid, but we shouldn't  delude ourselves into thinking that reducing our aid from $1.3 billion  to $1 billion, after giving Egypt an entire year to meet these  commonsense conditions, is going to cause the sky to fall. Just last  year, the administration actually did withhold $130 million of Egypt's  aid. Of course, the Egyptians were angry. It probably did make our  diplomats' life a little bit harder in Egypt, but, by and large, our  relationship didn't change. The Egyptians still cooperated with us on  counterterrorism. They provided Suez overflight access. They again  facilitated a truce in Gaza.   Why? Because all of these areas in which we engage are beneficial for  the Egyptians. They don't do it as simple payback for our aid. They  engage with us on these issues. They engage with Israel because it is  good for Egyptian security, notwithstanding whether they get $1 billion  or $1.3 billion from the United States.   We also sent a signal to the Egyptians by withholding some of that  money last year. And while we didn't see significant improvements, we  did see some political prisoners released.   This year, we have to keep the pressure up. The United States needs  not just to talk the talk when it comes to human rights abroad; we need  to be able to walk the walk as well. And the decision that the  administration will make this week as to whether to comply with the  conditions set forth by Congress on holding the Egyptians accountable  for progress on human rights is critical to American credibility  globally when it comes to our call to protect human rights and  democracy abroad, and, for that reason, I would urge the administration  to withhold the full $300 million as called for by the appropriations  act until Egypt's record gets better.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   