 Mr. President, tomorrow will be 1 month since Putin  started his war in Ukraine. Every day, we get a chance to see that war  being fought on our TV, so I want to tell you what I have seen in 1  month of viewing the war in Ukraine or what I have heard from people  who report on that war in Ukraine.   Putin is a child killer.   Putin kills hospital patients.   Putin is a bully.   Putin kills elderly people.   Putin kills pregnant mothers and their babies.   Putin has uprooted at least 10 million people.   Putin deliberately shells residential areas.   Putin shells shopping centers.   Putin shells apartment buildings.   Putin destroys historic buildings.   Putin bombs theaters.   Putin bombs hospitals.   Putin destroys cultural heritage.   Putin threatens world peace.   Putin silences dissent.   Putin threatens nuclear war.   Putin starts war to boost his popularity.   Putin jails his political opponents.   Putin jails citizens speaking against the war.   Putin twists history.   Putin is consumed with power.   Putin feeds off corruption.   Putin is acting like a true Nazi.   Putin kills to feed his ego.   Putin lies to his own people and the world.   Putin admires Stalin.   Putin acts like Stalin.   Putin forcefully deports civilians, like Stalin.   Putin is intentionally starving Ukrainian civilians, like Stalin.   Putin is destroying families.   Putin reintroduced mass graves to Europe--no different than the  executions of 20,000 Polish generals and soldiers at Katyn Forest in  1940.   Putin lies to mothers of Russian soldiers.   Putin poisons with impunity, particularly people whom he considers  traitors.   Putin came to power by bombing Russian apartments and blaming  Chechens.   Putin is still KGB.   Putin lied before invading Ukraine's Crimean Peninsula.   Putin lied about Russian troops in the Donbas.   Putin lied that he would not invade the rest of Ukraine.   Putin lies that NATO had anything to do with his decision to invade.   Putin thinks Ukraine isn't a real country.   Putin thinks other Eastern European countries belong to Russia.   Putin thinks Ukrainians are lesser people than Russians.   Putin is afraid of his own people.   Putin imprisons political opponents.   Putin is afraid of Ukrainian democracy.   Putin got rich by stealing from Russians.   Putin is destroying his own country.   Putin has damaged the global economy.   Putin uses banned weapons against civilians.   Putin kidnapped Ukrainian mayors.   Putin tries to assassinate Ukrainian President Zelenskyy.   Putin has troops fire on humanitarian corridors.   Putin is in bed with organized crime.   Putin supports America's enemies.   Putin has made the Russian Orthodox Church a tool of state power.   Putin oppresses religious minorities.   Putin has forced labor camps for prisoners.   Putin has people who support him or just follow orders or who are  afraid to speak up, just like Hitler did.  [[Page S1727]]    I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   