 Mr. President, as we begin this 5-week work period,  Senate Democrats' focus will remain the same as it has been since last  year: fighting inflation and lowering costs for American families.   At times, we will pursue this goal through legislation, as has been  the case with our competition bill, with legislation to reform shipping  practices that we passed recently, or finding ways to lower  prescription drug costs.   And to that end, today, the Agriculture Committee is also holding a  hearing on legislation to improve transparency in meat prices.   In addition to legislation, Senate Democrats will also help lower  costs by confirming the right people to serve in the Federal  Government. On that note, we will aim today to finish the confirmation  of Lael Brainard to serve as Vice Chair of the Federal Reserve Board of  Governors.   Soon, the Senate will also work to confirm another very important  nominee: Mr. Alvaro Bedoya to serve as Commissioner of the FTC, the  Federal Trade Commission. Of all the Agencies in the Federal  Government, the FTC is among the best equipped for protecting Americans  from price gougers, manipulators, and those trying to rip off American  consumers--or at least the FTC would be, if it had full membership.  But, sadly, the FTC has been stuck at a 2-2 deadlock for well over a  year, rendering it incapable of executing the full breadth of its  agenda.   We have had two Democrats, two Republicans. The Republican nominees  have resisted going after Big Oil and so many of the other excesses of  corporate America. And who pays the price? In a very literal sense, it  is American consumers as they see prices rise on everything from  groceries to the number that pops up every time they fill up their  tank.   But the story is grossly different in corporate America, and an FTC  with full membership could shine a light as to why. While Americans  across the board are making sacrifices to support themselves and their  families, corporate America is raking in record profits.   As one article from Yahoo Finance summarized earlier this year,  corporate America's 2021 profits were higher than ever.  [[Page S2136]]    Corporate America's profits were higher than ever.   Perhaps no sector has evoked more frustration and anger from the  American people as the largest oil and gas companies and the prices  they are charging.   Last year, the top 25 oil and gas companies reported $205 billion in  profits. Where has that money gone? To help American consumers? No way.  To ease our energy troubles? Not at all.   According to one news source yesterday, 28 of the largest oil and gas  companies gave out $394 million in CEO compensation. And in the fourth  quarter last year, stock buybacks among these companies rose by more  than 2,000 percent--2,000 percent.   All this extra money they are making they put in the pockets of the  CEOs and the wealthy shareholders who dominate in the oil company  ownership. Just think about that. Americans are paying more and more at  the pump and struggling to afford the basics, and oil companies, which  are seeing their highest profits in years, prefer to reward executives  and shareholders through corporate buybacks instead of American  families.   Once we have an FTC with full membership, they will finally have the  will, the means, and the power to look under the hood of America's  energy sector and shine a much needed light on why Big Oil is pumping  out record profits, even as consumers struggle.   So completing the membership of the FTC will be a priority, and we  will work to finish the confirmation process of Mr. Bedoya as soon as  we can.    Mr. President, I enter a motion to reconsider the failed  cloture vote.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw the  cloture motion with respect to the Bedoya nomination because we have  some absences due to illness.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  resume consideration of Executive Calendar No. 800.   