 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the Presidential  Election Reform Act, but first, let me respond to my colleague from  Pennsylvania, who partially quoted me in the first impeachment trial.   I did, in fact, predict that if the former President was not held  accountable for trying to extort Ukraine by withholding military aid to  get Ukraine's help to cheat in the election that he would go on to try  to cheat in  [[Page H8028]]  even new and worse ways in the upcoming election. In fact, I believe I  said that the odds were not 5 percent, not 10 percent, not even 50  percent, but 100 percent that he would go on to try to cheat again. In  that, sadly, I was all too correct.   Over the last year, the House Select Committee to Investigate the  January 6th Attack on the United States Capitol has conducted a  thorough investigation into the multiple lines of effort by President  Trump and his allies to overturn the election, efforts that included a  pressure campaign against the Vice President to violate the  Constitution and assume powers he does not hold to unilaterally reject  valid electoral count votes.   Our democracy held, but barely. These events have revealed underlying  vulnerabilities to our democracy, vulnerabilities that could be  exploited in a future Presidential election.   This bill will help ensure that the will of the American people, as  expressed through their votes, cannot be overturned by any official of  any political party at any time or for any purpose.   Consistent with the Constitution, it raises the threshold for  challenging a slate of electors during a joint session of Congress. It  reaffirms the role of the presiding officer, that it is a ministerial  one. Perhaps most important, it affirms that State officials cannot  change the rules of an election after the fact in an effort to overturn  the will of the people, as expressed through their popular vote.   This bill will help ensure that the cornerstone of our democracy,  free and fair elections and the peaceful transfer of power, remains in  place for future generations of Americans. This is not a partisan task  but a patriotic one.   Over the past several months, we have told the story of what happened  on January 6, documenting the events for the American people.    Now is the time for our committee and this Congress to  look to the future. It is my hope that this legislation becomes one of  the most significant pieces of our legacy, that it makes our  Constitution, our country, and our democracy stronger and more secure.   