 Mr. Speaker, as the tensions of the Civil War reached  a boiling point, President Lincoln vainly reached out to Democrats with  these words: ``We are not enemies, but friends. We must not be  enemies.''   The contrast with Mr. Biden's September 1 speech in Philadelphia is  jarring. In it, and many remarks since, Mr. Biden clearly addresses the  74 million Americans who voted for Donald Trump as enemies who  ``threaten the very foundation of our Republic.'' He condemned us as  ``extremists'' who ``do not respect the Constitution,'' and who ``do  not believe in the rule of law'' and who ``refuse to accept the results  of a free election.'' In other forums, he has called us ``semi- fascists.''   Mr. President, we revere our Constitution and the structure of  individual liberty that it was designed to protect. We do not  understand how a government established under that Constitution could  use the FBI to pressure social media platforms to censor and suppress  free speech or to intimidate parents concerned about their school  boards with threat tags or to instruct its field offices to regard  anyone who displays our founding American flag as a political  extremist.   Mr. President, we revere the rule of law and our Nation's promise of  equal justice under law. We do not understand how our immigration laws  can simply be ignored as millions of foreign nationals illegally enter  our country. We do not understand how a dispute over records justifies  an armed raid on a former President who is also a political rival.   We do not understand how public health officials can order our  schools and businesses closed or suspend our fundamental rights to  worship and assemble with no vote of the people's Representatives. We  do not understand how obvious influence peddling by the son of a  President can be ignored for years.   Mr. President, of course we accept the results of a free election,  but we do not understand how the safeguards to protect the integrity of  our elections can be torn down to benefit one party. Replacing in- person election day voting with mail-in ballots, ballot harvesting,  month-long voting, accepting ballots after election day, printing  ballots on home computers--all of these changes undermine public  confidence in the process that is essential to democracy.   We wonder how you can call MAGA candidates a fundamental threat to  our Republic while your party spends millions of dollars to nominate  them when you believe it may help you in November.   Mr. President, we can condemn all forms of violence and especially  political violence in the strongest possible terms. The riot at the  Capitol on January 6 was a disgrace and an abomination that you are  right to condemn, and we join you in doing so.   But we don't understand how you can at the same time turn a blind eye  to prosecuting the political violence that burned our cities the year  before or how you can refuse to enforce the laws that protect our  Supreme Court Justices from intimidation at their own homes.   Mr. President, we, too, fear for our democracy. We fear armed  bureaucracies that seem increasingly disconnected from the results of  our elections. We remember that the IRS singled out ordinary Americans  because of their political views, yet no one was held accountable, and  now we are adding 87,000 new agents to that bureaucracy.   We fear arbitrary changes in our election laws calculated to skew  results. We fear an executive branch that is increasingly taking over  the legislative powers of Congress and judicial powers of the courts.  We fear the powers of government wielded by officials who view half of  our people as dangers, threats, and extremists--your words, Mr.  President.    Lincoln spoke of the mystic chords of memory tracing back to the  founding of our Nation that must hold us together as Americans. As  friends and not enemies. Yet we see these chords increasingly strained  by an alien ideology that seems hostile to the flag, the principles,  and the heritage of our Nation.   We have only one President, Mr. President, and that is you. I didn't  vote for you, and I won't vote for you again, but you are still my  President. And the 74 million Americans who voted for Donald Trump are  still your fellow citizens.   As the person most responsible for the policies we now live with and  the future that is unfolding before us, I ask you to engage us as a  friend and not an enemy. We must not be enemies.   