 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding.   I am proud to be here on the floor with my friend from Texas. He is  someone that I have looked up to for a very long time. And to have  served with him for the last 2 terms, for the last 4 years, has been an  honor. I wouldn't be in Congress but for his support.   My parents live just down the road from Pittsburg where he grew up;  they  [[Page H8787]]  live in Mount Pleasant, Texas. That is actually where I first got to  meet Congressman Gohmert. Now, to sit and serve in this body alongside  of him, is truly an honor.   The poster talks about the Gohmert hour. We used to make our interns  watch the Gohmert hour so they could learn from the great Louie  Gohmert.   One of our favorite moments was when he spent 30 minutes hammering  the Architect of the Capitol because they told him not to grill his  ribs on his office balcony. That was one of the greatest speeches  delivered on the floor of the House, no doubt.   We already talked about 17,000 minutes, or whatever the number was,  12 days. I took it to heart watching the passion of Congressman Gohmert  coming to the floor of the House and using this floor to speak to the  people and using this floor to be able to communicate why we are here.  We ought to do it more often. In fact, we ought to have debate and  engagement with our colleagues on the other side of the aisle.   I was inspired by Congressman Gohmert to use this privilege, to use  this time that we are given to be able to be the voice for the people  who send us to Washington. That is what Congressman Gohmert has done.  He has been a voice for the people of East Texas. He has represented  them well. He is truly one of the most honest, honorable, and decent  public servants that I have ever known.   In fact, the reason that he is leaving this body has a great deal to  do with his honor and his integrity and wanting to defend the people of  Texas and to do it the right way.   I will miss you, Louie, but I know you are not going to be too far  away.   I will leave you with this: During a speech in one of the famous  Gohmert hours, Congressman Gohmert said: My SAT score would shock  people who think I am the dumbest Member of Congress.   Well, nothing could be farther from the truth. He is one of the  smartest Members, one of the best lawyers, and one of the best human  beings.   It has been an honor to serve alongside you, my friend. We will see  you soon in other areas of life. God bless you.   