 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Florida and my  other colleagues for their kind words about our friend, my predecessor  and our former colleague, Lynn Woolsey.   Lynn is a one-of-a-kind, barrier-breaking trailblazer and a lifelong  advocate for women and working families. In her 20 years of service in  this body, she was a passionate voice for progressive values,  unflinching in her convictions and ahead of her time in so many ways.  Speaker Pelosi often called her the conscience of the Congress.   She was born and raised in Seattle, Washington, but she put her roots  down as a young woman in Sonoma County, raising a family, becoming a  civic leader, and eventually launching a political career. She chaired  the Sonoma County Commission on the Status of Women and then served on  the Petaluma City Council before being elected to the House in the  ``Year of the Woman.''   Congresswoman Woolsey understood firsthand the challenges and  struggles confronting single mothers because she lived them. She never  forgot the hardships she faced when she was forced to go on public  assistance to keep her family afloat. It was because of this journey as  a former welfare mother--the first to ever serve in Congress--that she  fought so hard for children and families.    She dedicated her career to improving education and empowering  American workers through her service on the Education and Labor  Committee and as ranking member of the Workforce Protections  Subcommittee. She was a champion for healthier school meals and  sponsored the first-ever expansion of FMLA to ensure that military  families have access to leave to prepare for a deployment or to care  for a wounded warrior.   Lynn also served as co-chair of the Congressional Progressive Caucus,  using that platform to push for workers' rights, environmental justice,  and equity for all as well as a people's budget that would invest in  working people instead of corporate tax cuts and military campaigns.   Her passion for conservation and protecting our national heritage can  be seen throughout my district. From the rebuilding of Hamilton  Wetlands and Bel Marin Keys, to the cleanup of Skaggs Island, to the  dredging of critical waterways, her work will ensure future generations  can enjoy the breathtaking beauty of California's north bay.   One of her greatest, hardest-fought achievements was the expansion of  the Cordell Bank and Greater Farallones National Marine Sanctuaries.  Because of her work, one of the most productive marine areas off the  West Coast is now permanently protected.   Since she was a young child, Lynn wished for a more peaceful and just  world. Mr. Speaker, you have just heard some words about her advocacy  for peace and the way she spoke against the Iraq war. Together with  Barbara Lee and Maxine Waters--they called themselves the Triad--she  formed the Out of Afghanistan and Out of Iraq Caucuses to promote a  safe, responsible way to bring our troops home and to put an end to  those conflicts.   As some of the floor staff may remember, Lynn gave nearly 500 Special  Order hour speeches advocating for what she called smart security, a  progressive approach to global engagement and foreign policy, one that  emphasized diplomacy and humanitarian assistance rather than military  force.   Her work in Congress was all about fighting for children and  families, and nothing made her prouder than her own children and  family. Anyone who knows Lynn understands that she considers them her  greatest legacy of all.   Mr. Speaker, on behalf of my colleagues, I am so honored today to ask  for you to vote ``yes'' and join me in honoring Congresswoman Woolsey's  unique and exemplary career and service by passing this legislation.   