 Madam President, by the time the average American  worker retires, they will have worked over 16,000 days. Put another  way, by the time an individual reaches the average retirement age in  the United States, they will have clocked approximately 133,000 hours-- the point being, Americans work hard to retire comfortably.   To help them reach their retirement goals, many employers offer  retirement savings and investment plans, commonly known as a 401(k). In  fact, 91 million Americans invest in a 401(k). Many of these plans have  what is called a brokerage window, which is a tool used by retirement  savers to self-select some of the things that they buy within their  brokerage account. They can do it themselves. The brokerage company  does not do it. Simply put, they get to choose what their hard-earned  money is invested in.   If someone in Lamar County, AL, is getting up at the crack of dawn,  clocking 14 hours at work, and knows their retirement goals and  personal circumstances very well, who better to decide how to invest  the money they are making? Who better to decide but them? But, as we  have seen time and time again, common sense and individual freedoms are  the enemy of the Biden administration. The Biden administration has  their eyes set on Americans' financial freedom yet again. This time,  the Department of Labor is specifically targeting workers' ability to  invest their 401(k) savings and assets as they see fit.   Recent regulatory guidance released by the Department of Labor's  Employee Benefits Security Administration attempts to bar 401(k)  accounts from investing in cryptocurrency, singling out this specific  investment type. The guidance threatens to investigate plans that allow  participants to select investments in cryptocurrency, including plans  where retirement savers use brokerage windows to self-select  investments in cryptocurrency.   This is inconsistent with longstanding practice. The Department of  Labor has long permitted employers to offer brokerage windows as an  option to employees who prefer to personally invest their own money and  manage their own money within these windows. The Agency's new guidance  ends this tradition of economic empowerment in favor of Big Brother  government control.   The Employee Benefits Security Administration goes a step further by  seeking to place a massive new regulatory burden on 401(k) plan  fiduciaries by requiring them to assess the suitability of investments  accessed using a  [[Page S2512]]  brokerage window. This would undermine the ability of retirement savers  to invest as they see fit. It is their money; they should be able to  invest it how they want to invest it.   The Biden administration's Department of Labor--their guidance  singles out this cryptocurrency for some reason, but it is clear  retirement savers want to have that option to invest their own money.   Fidelity, one of the Nation's No. 1 financial agencies, is the  largest 401(k) provider in the country and recently announced that it  will make Bitcoin available on its platform. They aren't the first  provider to make this move. There are others. And they won't likely be  the last. Sadly, the Department of Labor has already criticized these  plans to empower investors.   But if this is not just about cryptocurrency--and it could not be  just about cryptocurrency. It is bigger than that. Today, the Biden  administration is targeting cryptocurrency. Which investment class is  next? Is it fossil fuels? Is it oil companies? Is it a gun company,  securities, other investments that don't align with the environmental,  social, and corporate governance preferences of President Biden?   This is about Americans' freedom to chart their own financial  destiny. Americans should be able to invest their retirement savings as  they choose. That is why I introduced the Financial Freedom Act. My  bill would prohibit the Department of Labor from issuing any regulation  or guidance limiting the types of investments that self-directed 401(k)  account investors--they do not limit what they can choose through a  brokerage window. It would also push back on the Biden administration's  plan to punish asset managers who authorize individual retirement  savers to self-direct their investment choices using a brokerage  window.   The Financial Freedom Act empowers the American retirement saver and  preserves the precedent of investment freedom. For decades, 401(k)  participants in plans with brokerage windows have been able to buy and  sell investments of their choice. That freedom to choose is the entire  purpose of the brokerage window. The Department of Labor should not be  able to limit the range or types of investments savers can select.   The choice of what you invest your retirement savings in should be  yours, not the government's. The government-knows-best approach being  pushed by the current administration runs counter to the values that  made our country the most prosperous Nation in history.   I urge my colleagues to support financial choice and freedom, to  uphold our tradition of economic empowerment. I hope my fellow Senators  will join me in preserving the choice of every American worker. They  should have their own financial decisions, where they can make those  decisions for their future and for their family's future, chart their  own destiny, and reap the benefits of their hard work.   I yield the floor.   