 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to speak on the nomination of  Professor Lisa Cook to serve as a Governor of the Federal Reserve  Board.  [[Page S1815]]    At stake with Professor Cook's nomination is really how the Fed will  respond to one of the most pressing challenges facing Pennsylvania and  the Nation.   Earlier this month, we learned that inflation hit a four-decade high  of almost 8 percent. Prices are skyrocketing for just about everything:  gasoline, food, rent. The amount of money Americans have to pay for  basic goods and services that they need every week are going up, and  they are going up much faster than their wages. That means working  Americans are falling further and further behind.   Under the guise of fighting this inflation, my colleagues across the  aisle on the Senate Banking Committee have urged the swift confirmation  of President Biden's slate of nominees to the Federal Reserve Board.  The chairman of the committee said that President Biden's nominees are  ``ready to get to work fighting inflation.'' And yet we could have  confirmed nominees many weeks ago.   We still haven't voted on two of the nominees who have unanimous  Republican support and near-unanimous Democratic support, which makes  you wonder about our colleagues' commitment to this urgency. Maybe it  is because our Democratic colleagues know that even if we don't confirm  these nominees, the Fed has 9 out of 12 voting members on the FOMC in  place. That is more than enough to raise rates if they decide they  should raise rates to fight inflation.   How do we know for sure that that is more than enough? Well, at their  last meeting just 2 weeks ago, the Fed did, in fact, raise interest  rates. So it was never the case that the Fed is somehow unable to fight  inflation until the nominees are confirmed.   What we really should be asking ourselves is, Are these nominees  going to be the inflation fighters that we need that the White House  claims they are? In my view, one of these nominees in particular,  Professor Lisa Cook, dramatically fails this test.   First of all, Professor Cook has nearly zero experience in monetary  policy. Now, she does have a Ph.D. in economics, but not a single one  of her publications concerns monetary economics.   The White House cites as her main qualification on U.S. monetary  policy her appointment as a Chicago Fed director. That appointment was  made in January of this year, 2 weeks before President Biden announced  Professor Cook's nomination to be a Fed Governor.   And Professor Cook made very clear in her conversation with me that  she had not participated in any policy or decisionmaking so far in her  term at the Chicago Fed. In fact, she described her role as limited to  ``filling out paperwork''--that is her quote--for her new position,  which is understandable. She had been there for 2 weeks before she was  nominated to the Fed governorship. So that appointment to the regional  Fed certainly doesn't count as a qualification to serve as a main Fed  Governor.   Professor Cook herself has acknowledged that her academic work on  monetary issues is, let's say, sparse. When asked to list her top few  works on monetary policy for the Banking Committee, she provided only  one, and that was a book chapter about Nigerian bank reforms in 2005.   What is even more troubling is that in addition to having no monetary  policy experience, Professor Cook also appears to have no opinion at  all on how the Fed should address inflation.   Professor Cook repeatedly refused to endorse the Fed's decision to  pull back its ultraeasy monetary policy and only did begrudgingly say  that she agreed with the ``Fed's path right now as we are speaking''-- that is a quote--at her nomination hearing in February. Prior to that,  she couldn't bring herself to acknowledge that maybe it was time for  the Fed to change the policy that had contributed to the worst  inflation that we have seen in 40 years.   Professor Cook's answers to basic questions about what tools the Fed  should use and how should the Fed consider using them in order to get  inflation under control, her answer was nothing more than an  incomprehensible word salad.   Professor Cook has continued to insist that she would need to be  confirmed to the Fed before she can have a view on inflation because,  in her own words, ``We don't have access to all the data that the Fed  has,'' and also, ``We don't have access to . . . the deliberations at  the time they are being made.''   These statements are bewildering coming from someone who has been  nominated to address the most pressing inflationary threat in nearly  two generations. To be clear, the Fed has no secret data, as Professor  Cook seems to believe. In fact, monetary policy, including the recent  41-percent increase in the money supply, is extremely transparent. And  if Professor Cook is counting on Fed economists to guide her in making  a prediction about inflation, then, first of all, they have been wrong  on inflation consistently, very wrong; and, secondly, what is she going  to do on the Fed and what is her role there if all she is going to do  is take instruction from the Fed staff?    Look, just about every economist in the country has an opinion about  inflation right now because the data is all readily apparent and  extremely disturbing. Every other nominee to the Federal Reserve has an  opinion about inflation, and certainly, every Pennsylvanian I talk to  has strongly held views about inflation.   Professor Cook's claim made at her nomination hearing just last month  that ``We have to be patient with the data''--and the data she was  referring to was rising consumer prices--that certainly suggests, what  is to me, an unacceptable toleration for the inflation that is ravaging  American consumers.   That brings me to my second point, and that is Professor Cook's  history of extreme leftwing political advocacy and hostility to  opposing viewpoints, the combination which I think makes her unfit to  serve on the Fed. As I have said many times, it is extremely important  that we keep politics out of the money supply. The Fed is supposed to  be independent. The Fed is supposed to be apolitical so that it can  focus on its job. But unfortunately, we have seen the encroachment of  politics at the historically independent Federal Reserve, and we have  seen that the Fed is not doing such a great job.   There are people on the left, including in the Biden administration,  who openly advocate that the Fed use its regulatory powers to address  complex political issues, including things like what to do about global  warming, social justice, even education policy. Look, these are all  very, very important issues--very important issues--but they are  completely unrelated to the Fed's limited statutory mandate and  expertise.   Professor Cook's record indicates that these are the topics that  interest her the most, and she is likely to inject further political  bias into the Fed's work at a time, exactly the time, when we need the  Fed to be hyperfocused on getting inflation back under control.   We discovered that Professor Cook sent out, in recent years, over  30,000 public tweets and retweets--30,000. Included among them, she  supports race-based reparations; she has promoted conspiracies about  Georgia voting laws; she sought to cancel those who disagree with her  views, such as she publicly called for a colleague of hers to be fired  because he dared to tweet that he was opposed to defunding the police  of Chicago.   After Banking Committee Republican staff highlighted these tweets and  brought them to public attention, Professor Cook blocked the Banking  Committee Republican Twitter account 1 day before her nomination  hearing.   Apparently, Professor Cook not only realizes how inflammatory her own  tweets are but also has pretty little regard for the Senate's  constitutional responsibility to vet her public statements.   See, the Fed is already suffering from a credibility problem because  of its involvement in politics, its departure from its statutorily  prescribed limited role, and, frankly, the not-very-good job it has  done in keeping inflation under control.   I am concerned that Professor Cook will further politicize an  institution that must get back to being apolitical, so I urge my  colleagues to vote against the motion to discharge Professor Cook.   I yield the floor.   