 Mr. President.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I want to  say at the outset that it is always a privilege to work with Senator  Reed on the Armed Services Committee in every capacity we get to work  together, and I look forward to that going forward.   What we are being asked to do--the Senate is being asked to do today,  however, is to fast-track nominees for leadership positions in the  Department of Defense to carry out a foreign policy that is manifestly  failing. This administration is careening from one crisis to another,  endangering the security of the American people, endangering the  security of the world.   When the Senator mentioned just a moment ago the situation in  Ukraine, you don't have to look any further than there to see the  crisis--the latest crisis that the Biden administration has led this  Nation into.   To begin with, the administration failed to deter Vladimir Putin and  his Russian invasion before it happened. They failed to actually check  Putin when it would have really mattered.   How did they do this? Well, for starters, when President Biden came  to office, he opened up Russia's pipelines, and then he shut down  America's pipelines. He handed our energy independence that the Senator  was just mentioning--he handed our energy independence away. He gave it  away. And who stepped in to fill the void? The Russians.   What is Russia? It is not so much a country as it is a gas station,  and Putin is pumping and pumping and pumping. What is financing his war  in Ukraine? It is not least our energy policies that are giving away  our energy independence, giving away our energy dominance, and green- lighting his energy production. That is what Joe Biden did when he  first came to office--green-lighting his production, shutting down our  production.   But what else? President Biden had the opportunity to provide lethal  military aid to Ukraine last spring when the Ukrainians first requested  it. He said no. In fact, I believe he said no repeatedly for much of  the year last year. That turns out to have been a very poor decision.   Now, today, deterrence having failed, the Russians engaged in an  illegal invasion of a sovereign nation, threatening the stability of  Europe, the security of Europe, and, of course, endangering our own  national security, what is the President doing? What is President Biden  doing? Is he turning back on American energy production? Is he  sanctioning the Russian energy sector? No.   Just today, finally, he was dragged kicking and screaming to finally  agree that this country will no longer import Russia's blood oil.  Remember, he had us importing over 670,000 barrels of Russian oil every  single day. Today, he announced finally, belatedly, we won't do that  anymore. But what is he doing instead? He is going to every petty  dictator on the face of the map and begging them to make up the  difference. We learned that the President's team has been in touch with  Maduro's regime--the murderous Maduro regime--in Venezuela and is  preparing to offer them a special package that will ease the  restrictions, ease the sanctions, ease the punishment on that outlaw  regime and get them to make up the difference in oil production from  Russia.    We learned that the President is potentially planning a trip to Saudi  Arabia to ask the Saudis to increase their oil production to make up  the difference from the Russians. I wonder if the topic of Jamal  Khashoggi will come up in those meetings. I certainly hope it will.   President Biden once said that he would make Saudi Arabia ``pay the  price, and make them in fact the pariah that they are.'' I guess that  is no longer the policy of the U.S. Government because here is what we  are reduced to under this administration: We are reduced to begging our  enemies--our enemies, the dictators of the world--we are reduced to  begging them to bail out a foreign policy that is failing, not least  because this administration will not allow American workers to turn on  American energy.   I take it from the President's remarks and from the President's  policy that he has no objection in principle to pumping more oil and  gas. Apparently he doesn't, so this can't be about climate change. He  is fine with more oil production but not in this country, not by  American workers. Heaven forbid American workers be put back to work.  Heaven forbid American workers actually earn more. Heaven forbid the  American people be able to pay less at the pump, as Joe Biden's prices  drive gas prices through the roof. No, this is the policy of weakness,  fecklessness that this President has given us.   Let's not forget where it began. It began with Afghanistan. And that  is the reason I am here on the floor today in particular.   It has been months now--months--since the fall of Afghanistan. This  administration has lost two nations in the space of barely 6 months.  The Afghanistan debacle is the worst foreign policy debacle in this  country's history since Vietnam--although stay tuned, the way this  administration is going--and what has this Congress done about it? Who  has been held accountable for it?   I have come to this floor over and over and over to ask for  accountability. Has someone been fired? No. Has someone been relieved  of duty? No.   I was here just a few weeks ago after the Washington Post reported on  a 2,000-page investigation done by Central Command into the fall of  Afghanistan. Since that time, my team and I have been through all  2,000-plus pages.   I would just like to point out that we learned about this  investigative report not from a hearing conducted by this body but from  an investigative report by a newspaper. I am glad somebody has some  interest in what happened in Afghanistan. Sadly, it seems not to be  this Chamber.   Here are some of the things that we learned in this 2,000-page  investigative report about Afghanistan:   We learned from GEN Scott Miller, who was the commander of U.S.  forces in Afghanistan in early 2021, that he was extremely worried from  May 2 onward as he saw key districts fall. In fact, General Miller  testified to us that he warned Secretary Austin and General Milley,  Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, as early as March or April that the  Afghan security forces might collapse rapidly once we withdrew forces.   Now this report documents it and says, indeed, there is evidence that  he was very worried, that he was warning that the collapse of  Afghanistan would come quickly, he was warning that it would be  imminent. But what did the Biden administration do? Did they order the  evacuation of our civilians? Did they plan for the possible fall of the  Afghan Government? No. The report goes on to detail that the National  Security Council and the State Department showed a total lack of  urgency right up until the final hours before the fall of Kabul.   We learned that RDML Peter Vasely, who took over for General Miller  last spring and commanded U.S. forces in Afghanistan during the final  stages of the withdrawal, provided assessments weeks before the fall of  Kabul that the trajectory of Afghanistan was in a downward spiral--this  is a quote from the report--and was likely not recoverable.    The report goes on to say this: Rear Admiral Vasely ``was trying to  get the Ambassador to see the security threat for what it really was.''  There were as many as 10 districts falling every day, getting closer  and closer to Kabul. ``The embassy needed to position for withdrawal,  but the Ambassador didn't get it.''   These are just a few of the details in this 2,000-page report showing  that our military commanders warned over and over and over that Kabul  was on the  [[Page S1043]]  verge of collapse, that the security dangers were mounting, that  civilians needed to be evacuated, and that we needed to change course,  and this administration did nothing. What happened as a result?  Thirteen servicemembers are dead, including one from my own State.   I will never forget talking to his family, his father, less than 48  hours after this young man, LCpl Jared Schmitz, lost his life, along  with 12 others who bravely served this country, giving the uttermost of  their devotion. But it didn't have to be that way.   Here is my point: This body should be hearing from these commanders,  from these men and women who have testified in this report, who have  given evidence about what happened in Afghanistan. We should be hearing  from them in public, under oath--no more private briefings; no more  closed-session briefings. We should hear from Secretary Austin. We  should hear from General Milley. We should hear from the commanders-- General Miller--under oath. They should come and testify about this  report.   We should do our job, and until we do, I will not consent to allow  the Senate to bypass regular order and fast-track the nominations of  yet more leadership positions to continue carrying on a failed policy.  I will not do it.   There is a crisis in Ukraine. There is a crisis in Afghanistan.  Crises multiply across the world at the hands of this administration,  and still, this Congress refuses to reverse course and refuses to  provide the most basic oversight that it is charged with providing.   I don't think it is too much to ask, in the face of this, in the face  of these disasters, that we have the curiosity to at least have an open  hearing, to at least ask who should be accountable and what should be  done.   So I want to say again, I appreciate Senator Reed's earnestness on  this issue. I appreciate the fact that he doesn't control the floor.   My final point, I would note, as I look toward the clock here, last  week, if my memory serves, of the 4 days we were in session, we took a  total of four votes in the U.S. Senate last week. If these nominees  were as important as they say they are, we could have voted last week.  We could have voted earlier today.   Now, Senator Reed doesn't control the floor, but I might just note to  the majority leader that maybe instead of taking a vacation tomorrow,  which I gather is the plan, that maybe the Senate ought to be here and  working, and maybe we ought to be here and voting, because until there  is some accountability for what happened in Afghanistan, for what is  happening with this administration's foreign policy, I am going to ask  the Senate to observe regular order and do its job and to vote.   With that, I object.   