 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    President Biden likes to say, and has said again  today, that budgets are statements of values. Indeed, they can be, and  the White House budget request that President Biden published today  offers the clearest possible reminder that the Biden administration's  far-left values are fundamentally disconnected from what American  families actually need.   I mentioned around President Biden's State of the Union that the  speech gave the President a chance to pivot. He has had a chance to  assess the poll numbers, read the tea leaves, and make a dramatic  course correction back toward where Americans would like for him to be.  But he chose not to, and this budget proposal is just the mathematical  version of that failure to pivot.   The White House is desperately spinning to call this budget centrist,  but there is nothing remotely moderate about what is in it.   First and foremost, at a dangerous time, the President's budget falls  woefully short on defense spending. Our Commander in Chief has again  failed to budget for the resources that our Armed Forces actually need.  The Biden administration proposes a nominal 4-percent increase for  defense over the bipartisan bill Congress just passed for this year.   That is a nominal 4-percent increase before any of the Democrats'  historic inflation is taken into account, and inflation right now is  about twice that. So even if you accept the White House's rosiest  predictions about where inflation is headed, this would amount to flat- funding defense, with none of the robust growth we need to keep pace  with Russia and China. Even in the best case scenario for their budget,  it  [[Page S1790]]  would leave our Armed Forces simply treading water.   And what if Democrats' historic inflation does not plummet downward  as quickly as they would like? What if the inflation they have caused  keeps sticking around? Then, President Biden's budget would actually  cut funding for our Armed Forces in real dollars.   Look, the world is a dangerous place and growing more dangerous by  the day. Putin's escalation in Europe has created significant new  requirements for the Pentagon and our defense industrial base. We have  growing threats from Iran. China is pouring money into high-tech  weapons systems. Beijing announced that they are increasing defense  spending again this year by more than 7 percent.   So, amid all this, the White House has proposed no meaningful  increase in resources for protecting innocent Americans, promoting our  interests, supporting our partners, assisting Ukraine, or replenishing  our stockpiles. President Biden likes to give speeches about the need  for American leadership in the world, but when the rubber meets the  road, when it is time to invest so we can rise and meet challenges like  Russia and China, this President has, again, decided to do exactly the  opposite. Putin and Xi will sleep more soundly at night if the Biden  administration gets its way on defense funding than if Republicans get  ours.   Now, let's look at the places where President Biden does want to pull  out all the stops and hand out massive funding increases. Our Armed  Forces may get the short end of the stick from this White House, but  plenty, plenty of far-left domestic priorities will be literally  swimming in cash.   While they limit defense to 4 percent growth before inflation,  nondefense spending would get a significantly larger increase--not all  of domestic spending however. Border security and the Department of  Homeland Security barely tread water, just like our troops. But other  Agencies and Departments that are more useful for the far-left agenda,  like the IRS, the EPA, Commerce, HUD, and Labor make out like bandits  with gigantic--gigantic--increases of 20 and 30 percent since 2021.   They want to pour money into absurdities like the U.N. Green Climate  Fund--borrow from China to fund a global bureaucracy that will hand  free money back to China. There is plenty of money for things like  antigun regulations, free lawyers for illegal immigrants, and something  called ``environmental justice.''   This whole far-left feast leaves out the reckless taxing-and-spending  spree that Democrats failed to pass last year and are now trying to  revive. The Biden administration still wants all that spending, too,  but they couldn't even budget for it honestly.   And all of the bloated liberal nonsense comes paired with the biggest  tax hike in American history--a 2.5-plus-trillion-dollar bomb of tax  hikes dropped on top of an economy that the Democrats' policies have  already hurt badly, literally--literally--the largest tax hike in  history.   Among those increases, President Biden wants to use colossal tax  hikes to punish domestic producers of American energy. World events are  reminding us every day how important American oil and natural gas  production is for our national security and for our partners, but  President Biden would rather grind his ideological ax and escalate his  holy war on ``Made in America'' fossil fuels.   This--this--is the budget request of an administration that is  completely disconnected from reality, of a President who has decided  not to pivot, of a Democratic Party that has chosen not to correct  course on its own.   Every data point suggests that the American people want and need a  major course correction. It appears that in about 7 months, they may  have to provide it themselves.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   