 I yield myself 10 minutes from the bill time.   Mr. President, I rise today to honor the lives of four Hoosiers who  were lost tragically in a car accident this week, Edith Schmucker,  Zachary Potts, Emma Thomson, and Representative Jackie Walorski. We  grieve them all, and we pray for their families and friends.   This is, of course, a profoundly difficult time for those of us who  knew one or more of these Hoosiers. It is such a difficult time for  their families and their friends, and all of us, I know, we commit to  do whatever it is in our power to comfort their loved ones in the  difficult days ahead.   Like everyone here and back home in Indiana, I am absolutely  heartbroken. I think one thing that hit everyone particularly hard was  the loss of two young congressional staff members.   Whether you knew Zach or Emma personally or not, you certainly know  their type if you are watching these proceedings on Capitol Hill. You  know the type of hard-working, smart, committed, young person that  comes to work on a congressional staff. They dedicate so much of their  time and their talents. Other opportunities are given up in order to  serve their country and to work toward the betterment of their Nation.   We should celebrate their accomplishments while we grieve their loss.  It is a reminder, I think, for all of us to thank the many  congressional staff members who do much more than the public will ever  know.   I want to take a few minutes today to pay tribute to our colleague  right here in the Halls of Congress, Jackie Walorski.   Jackie and I came to Congress at roughly the same time--she, 2 years  after me--and I will never forget when she arrived here at the U.S.  Capitol. Jackie didn't need time to get her ``sea legs.'' No, Jackie  knew that she belonged here. Jackie understood that this was her  calling. She didn't need people to tell her that she belonged. She got  right to work because she had some things to accomplish.   I have to say that her confidence was infectious. Everyone saw it.  Everyone was impressed by it. People loved being around her, including  me.   Jackie had so many other amazing qualities, and I would like to  highlight a number of those today. She was always so full of energy. It  was a positive energy. She was a lightning bolt. She could light up a  room like no other.   In fact, in my observation, she only had two speeds, it was full-bore  on and off. She was high-spirited and full of fire.   Jackie also had a really big heart. In fact, her heart was as big as  it was good. She wore it on her sleeve every day, every moment of the  day.   She didn't hide her convictions. In fact, she made sure that they  were expressed in the boldest, most colorful fashion. Her convictions  were deeply held. She was proud of them. It is what made Jackie  ``Jackie.'' She was of deep convictions, clearly, not just with her  politics. No, it came from a deeper place. She had deep convictions  with respect to her religious faith.   I have to say that for all the many speeches I saw her deliver and  for all the people I saw her energize, it was often after she delivered  a prayer--and I saw her deliver a number of those--that audiences gave  their most heartfelt ovations.   Jackie was a larger than life figure, but Jackie was never fake. She  was never contrived. She was beloved, in fact, because she inspired and  motivated people with a passion that was so authentic, so human.   And Jackie cared about the people she connected with. She was  genuinely concerned. She was what you might call the genuine article.   Jackie was also very smart, not just energetic. She was very smart.  As a member of the House Ways and Means Committee, you could see that  on a regular basis. But even in a casual conversation, Jackie had a  habit of cutting right to the issue. But, more importantly, Jackie was  smart about the people she represented. She knew their hearts. She knew  their concerns. She knew their challenges. She knew their aspirations.  She studied them. She lived it. She stayed in touch with them.   She never forgot whom she worked with. She never forgot whom she  worked for, and she never forgot who sent her to Washington.   Jackie also had courage. She was a fearless leader. You see this in  your best leaders. She didn't flinch in the face of tough votes. No,  Jackie was smart enough to know the consequences, but she wasn't  afraid. She did what she thought was right. She did it for the right  reasons, and she had enough self-confidence to go explain her votes to  her constituents. It was, at once, a confidence in herself, but it was  also a confidence in those she represented.   She was a leader, confident in her own abilities and confident in the  abilities of those around her.   If there is a single memory of Jackie's time in this building, the  U.S. Capitol and, I would say, her time in the Indiana statehouse, it  was that she is indeed a leader. Since Jackie's passing, I have had the  opportunity to discuss her service, her life with a number of people,  and this keeps coming up. She was a real leader. This is what they are  talking about.   For all of these amazing qualities, I have to say personally that  there is something else that I keep coming back to. It is the first  thing I come back to when I think of Jackie, and, frankly, it is very  personal to me.   I am going to miss Jackie's laughter. She had a beautiful, bellowing  laugh, uninhibited, so authentic, not contrived. It came from a place  where she appreciated humor. She appreciated, at times, the absurdity  of life.   She always had a joke at hand or funny observation to make, or maybe  she had read something recently she wanted to share with me. But we had  so many great laughs together, and she could make my side hurt in  fairly short order. I am going to miss that.   And it is really hard to believe that our paths won't ever cross  again. They crossed so frequently, sometimes in this building but,  typically, it was in Indiana's Second Congressional District, back  home. It was rare, I would say, that I didn't go into that region and  encounter her or, at least, follow in her tracks.   She was so active, so engaged. I am going to miss those encounters.  Just a few weeks ago, I had an opportunity to visit with Jackie in  person. We shared some laughs, of course. It was at a dinner in Elkhart  County.   We were scheduled to be together this coming week to attend a ribbon- cutting ceremony. She was constantly on the road serving, doing her  job. It is not too much to say that that was her calling.   It is also not too much to say that Jackie's last breath was spent in  service, in service to her constituents, to her God, to the great State  of Indiana, to her country, to her calling.   Jackie loved and she was ever faithful to all of those things to the  great benefit of Indiana and America, and for that I am grateful, for  that we loved her back, and we will miss her dearly. Let that be her  legacy.   I yield to my colleague from Indiana.    I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the  immediate consideration of S. Res. 748, which is at the desk. I further  ask that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and  that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table with no intervening action or debate.   