 Madam President, minutes ago, new data confirmed what  a supermajority of Americans already knew: Democrats have plunged  America into a recession. According to official statistics, the U.S.  economy just shrank for the second consecutive quarter. Democrats  inherited an economy that was primed for a historic comeback and  promptly ran it straight into the ground.   Of course, working families didn't need any experts or statistics to  tell them today's Democratic Party is a walking, talking economic  disaster. Democrats' failures are causing working families deep  personal pain on a daily basis.   Americans know Democrats can't be trusted. They know it every time  they fill the gas tank, every time they check out at the supermarket,  every time parents stay up late at the kitchen table trying to figure  out which bills they can afford to pay this particular month.   Because Democrats spent us into inflation, 90 million American  households say they are having a hard time meeting expenses--90 million  American households. The average household in this country is having to  pay an extra $5,300 and climbing every year just to tread water.  Democrats' inflation is stealing more than $5,000 from the average  family per year, and like a supermajority of Americans already knew  before this morning, it has now driven the country into a recession.   A few years back, our colleague the senior Senator from West Virginia  said: ``I don't think [that] during a time of recession, you mess with  any of the taxes, or increase any taxes.'' But, alas, yesterday,  Washington Democrats announced they plan to do exactly that. The  Democrats who robbed American families once with inflation now want to  rob the country a second time through a gigantic, gigantic job-killing  tax hike.   Apparently, our Democratic colleagues do not want to be responsible  for just skyrocketing prices alone. They want Americans to be faced  with skyrocketing prices and higher taxes and fewer jobs all at the  same time.   Democrats have outlined a giant package of huge, new job-killing tax  hikes, Green New Deal craziness that will kill American energy, and  prescription drug socialism that will leave us with fewer lifesaving  medicines--a reckless taxing-and-spending spree that will delight the  far left and hammer working families even harder.   The Democrats are going all in on a multihundred-billion-dollar tax  hike  [[Page S3750]]  on American jobs that experts called--listen to this--the single most  economically damaging part of their entire BBB plan from last year.  Years of research show the burden would be overwhelmingly passed down  to workers. This one tax hike alone would kill tens of thousands of  American jobs.   Democrats aren't sticking it to the fat cats. They are sticking it to  the same middle-class families they have already crushed with  inflation.   So Democrats want to respond to their inflation crisis by killing  jobs. They also want to respond to the global energy crisis by  attacking American natural gas. This reckless taxing-and-spending spree  includes a massive, massive new tax on American natural gas, our  country's single largest source of electricity.   We all know that when you tax something, you get less of it, and  Democrats want new taxes on American natural gas wells, new taxes on  American pipelines, and new taxes on American LNG exporting--higher  electricity bills in the summer, higher heating bills in the winter,  less reliable energy for our country, and less American energy exported  to our allies abroad; doubling down--literally, doubling down--on  inflation.   I have only scratched the surface of all the ways Democrats want to  pick Americans' pockets. They want to pour new funding--listen to  this--into IRS agents so Americans end up with more audits. IRS agents  get new computers and smartphones so that American small businesses get  more audits.   Also, Democrats want to drain money out of medical innovation and  leave terminally ill Americans with fewer real treatments and cures as  a result. The experts say this Big Government money grab will literally  cost Americans their lives.   But, remember, Democrats say all of these historic tax hikes are  their answer to the inflation they already created themselves.   So do you hear that, America? Democrats' answer to hurting you once  is to hurt you again. Democrats say the response to Democratic  inflation is Democratic tax hikes.   It wasn't enough that Democrats have already destroyed your family's  purchasing power. Now they want to kill your job and tax your  electricity as well.    So the natural next question is, What do Democrats want to do with  all that money? What spending spree do the Democrats want so badly that  they will raise taxes in the midst of a recession?   Ah, here is the answer: Green New Deal nonsense and goodies for rich  coastal elites. They want these job-killing tax hikes so they can spend  tens of billions of dollars on slush funds for ``green banks'' and  ``environmental justice.'' They want job-killing tax hikes so they can  finance new handouts for wealthy households earning up to $300,000 a  year to buy an $80,000 electric car. Let me say that again: tax hikes  so they can finance new handouts for wealthy households earning up to  $300,000 a year to buy an $80,000 electric car. They want to subsidize  rich people buying electric cars that cost more--more--than the median  American household earns in an entire year.   They want to tax American natural gas. They want to tax your  electricity so they can spend billions making solar and wind power look  artificially ready for prime time when they are not yet--billions of  dollars so Democrats can meddle in what kind of car you drive; what  kind of stove, hot water heater, or clothes dryer you can afford; and  how you are allowed to heat your house. This is the nonsense that  Democrats are focused on--not helping you put gas in your car, not  helping you afford your groceries.   They want to use the middle-class economic crisis they themselves  created as an excuse to raise your taxes and ram through their Green  New Deal nonsense, all of this liberal waste with no proof--none--that  any of it would lead to a meaningful reduction in global emissions,  much less global temperatures.   America has already been reducing our emissions considerably over the  last 15 to 20 years. Countries like China have just kept on emitting  more and more, totally washing out our reductions and then some.  Democrats want to forcibly reengineer our entire economy out from under  working Americans' feet while China keeps on emitting more and more.   Democrats are seeing American families the worst inflation in 40  years and raising them job-killing tax hikes and--and--a war on  American electricity.   Our colleagues across the aisle have already completely lost  Americans' trust on the economy before this reckless taxing-and- spending spree. Apparently, they now want to see how much farther they  can fall.   