 Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.    Mr. President, I thank Senator Klobuchar.   One year ago today, a shocking, violent, and unthinkable attack on  the U.S. Capitol shook the very foundations of our democracy. I was  here, in this Chamber, as we were conducting the ceremonial  certification of our election, and I just remember so vividly as the  proceedings were so abruptly paused and the Vice President was hurried  off of the podium by the Secret Service and the confusion as we  evacuated this Chamber.   And, in that moment, none of us were aware of the brutal altercations  that were unfolding all around us as our heroic law enforcement  officers and first responders fended off the violent mob of  insurrectionists.   The images from that day are absolutely horrifying. They are images  that I and this country will hopefully never forget. We are forever  indebted to the brave U.S. Capitol Police officers, the DC Metropolitan  Police, the National Guard, and others whose valiant efforts defended a  democracy that day and thwarted an attempted insurrection.   Not only did this attack leave frontline officers with serious  physical injuries, but it also took the lives of several. The attack  has taken an unimaginable mental and emotional toll on first  responders, the Capitol Hill community, and Americans all across our  Nation who witnessed this assault on the heart of our democracy with  their own eyes, either here in person or watching it on television.   Sadly, as we mark this solemn anniversary, the threat that we all  watched become a violent act 1 year ago has only continued to grow. In  my role as chairman of the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs  Committee, along with Rules Committee Chairwoman Klobuchar, we were  proud to lead the first bipartisan oversight hearings--investigation-- and report on the immediate changes needed to secure the Capitol and to  prevent a future attack.   Since that report was released last June, nearly 16 of the 20  recommendations that we made have been implemented or are well  underway. The Capitol is secure, and we are much better prepared for a  future attack.   But let us be very clear: We must do more to tackle the threat of  domestic and violent extremism, especially as more and more people  embrace conspiracy theories and outright lies and report that they  believe that violence can be justified to get their desired political  outcomes. Once relegated to the fringes of our society, these kinds of  views are now creeping further into the mainstream, and that presents a  grave threat to the future of our democracy.   There is no easy one solution to address this matter, but there are  actions that we can take to protect our democracy and strengthen it for  generations to come. Most significantly, our Nation's political  leaders, no matter their political affiliation, must condemn the  violence that occurred on these grounds 1 year ago and speak out  against the lies and conspiracies about the 2020 election that have  compelled further threats and acts of violence.   We must also address how this disinformation and other extremist  content spreads online, reaches new audiences, and drives too many  people down a rabbit hole of radicalization. We have seen all too  clearly how the spread of such extreme content online can swiftly  become real-world violence. More actions must be taken to limit the  amplification of disinformation and extreme content online and to  prevent extremist views from reaching that tipping point into violent  acts.   And our counterterrorism agencies must ensure that they are  effectively focusing on the threat at hand by ensuring that they have  sufficient personnel and resources devoted to domestic terrorism and  domestic violent extremism.   And finally, today and every day, all Americans must remain committed  to  [[Page S67]]  protecting our democracy. We cannot take our democracy for granted. It  is built on the promise that every American is committed to the same  core values of free and fair elections, the peaceful transfer of power,  and an accountable government for all of the people.   If we lose this shared commitment to continue upholding our most  cherished principles, we risk losing the very freedoms and the rights  that have made our Nation a beacon of light for the entire world.   Every Member of this body--every American--has a vital role in  strengthening our democracy. Elected officials on both sides of the  aisle and at every level of government should make clear that the lies  and violent action that took place on January 6 have no place in our  country and commit themselves to restoring faith in our democratic  institutions by ensuring that everyone can make their voices heard in  our democracy through the ballot box.   One year ago, we saw our democracy endure against a violent attempted  insurrection, but we must be very clear-eyed moving forward. We cannot  let efforts to weaken and erode confidence in the future of our  democracy continue.   Let's come together and take the very real challenges our Nation  faces head-on. In times of adversity, our country persevered because we  came together as one. We must channel that spirit and strive to create  a more perfect Union today, tomorrow, and for generations to come.   