 Mr. Speaker, I send to the desk a resolution and ask  unanimous consent for its immediate consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the resolution.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and thank  him for his remarks. I will say some other words at a later time, so we  don't prolong this colloquy.   I will say to the gentleman, I have enjoyed being majority leader. I  have enjoyed working with the gentleman, and I look forward to working  in the  [[Page H8722]]  next Congress in a constructive way to try to solve the challenges  confronting our country and giving our people the opportunities that we  want them to have.   I know the gentleman is going to be the majority leader. I will tell  him, I have been the minority whip, and being majority leader is a lot  better. So he is going to enjoy this job. I look forward to working  with him.    Mr. Speaker, let's hope we have just one more colloquy,  maybe not three more colloquies.   On Monday, Mr. Speaker, the House will meet at 12 p.m. for morning  hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Members are advised that no  votes are expected in the House on Monday.   On Tuesday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business.  Votes will occur as early as 9:30 a.m. on Tuesday.   The House will recess for the Congressional Gold Medal ceremony to  honor the extraordinary courage and fidelity of the U.S. Capitol Police  and others who protected the Capitol on January 6, 2021, and allowed us  to return to this Chamber to confirm the constitutional duty of  electing the President of the United States.   On Wednesday, the House will meet at 2 p.m. for legislative business.  The 2 p.m. convening time, I want to remind people, is because of the  funeral of our beloved Don McEachin from Virginia, who sadly died after  a long illness. His funeral will be at 11 a.m. in Virginia, and there  will be arrangements for those who want to leave from here to go to the  funeral in Virginia.   On Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business.   Next week, the House will consider the Senate amendments to H.R.  8404, the Respect for Marriage Act, which will allow millions of  interracial and same-sex couples to be able to live with greater  certainty knowing their right to equal marriage is enshrined in Federal  law.   The House will also consider Senate amendments to H.R. 7776, the  James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for 2023.   Additionally, the House will consider two important immigration  bills: H.R. 3648, the EAGLE Act, sponsored by Representative Zoe  Lofgren, to phase out the per country cap on employment-based immigrant  visas, with no increase in the total number, and Representative  Takano's H.R. 7946, the Veteran Service Recognition Act.   The House will consider bills under suspension of the rules. The  complete list of suspension bills will be announced by the close of  business today.    Mr. Speaker, I think the gentleman raises an important  point, how much time do people have to read the final product of a  negotiation.   I was hopeful, frankly, that the bill would have been filed today. It  is not ready for filing today because there are still some outstanding  issues. But I have talked to Mr. Smith, the chairman of the committee,  who indicates they are making progress and they are hopeful they can  get this done.   So the Committee on Rules notice is subject obviously to the  completion of negotiations and the filing.   It is not done, not filed today. We need to have it filed as soon as  possible. The conferees are working on getting that.   As the gentleman points out, this bill tends to be, historically on  both sides of the aisle, where we add a lot of things to it, which are  not necessarily directly related but are because this bill is something  that we want to pass and that we do pass--and we will pass this one. It  garners riders, if you will, on the bill.   That is still going on, but I am cognizant, and the gentleman is  correct, we want to have sufficient time for Members to see the bill.   We would like to do this bill next week, if we can, because, as the  gentleman points out, this is about the national security of our  country and our participation in international stabilization efforts  around the world, not the least, of course, is the unprovoked, illegal  war initiated by Mr. Putin in Ukraine. So we are hopeful we can get  this done as soon as possible.    Yes, I think that is a good point, and we will try to make  sure that happens.    My expectation is that there would be four-corners  discussion, as we have referred to it, with the Republican and Democrat  House and Senate leaders included in those discussions.   Unfortunately, as you know, the Senate has not passed any  appropriations bills, and there was no agreement on a top line. That  has been the discussion.   The difference, as the gentleman probably knows, is discussions about  what is the top line for defense discretionary and what is the top line  for nondefense discretionary.   As I understand it, the parties have started talking in the Senate on  that issue. We are waiting for, I think, agreement, and hopefully that  agreement will be reached soon, hopefully as soon as perhaps the  beginning of next week because the gentleman is absolutely correct, on  December 16, the authority to fund the government ends, and we are  either going to have to pass a short-term CR, a longer-term CR or, more  preferably, the omnibus.   I will say, as the gentleman knows--he indicated I was returning to  the Appropriations Committee--we talk about a CR adversely affects the  defense, and it does. You can't plan if you are a manager of any of the  programs in the Defense Department. But I would also bring to the  attention of Members, it harms every agency and department of  government because it makes them unable to plan on what resources they  have available to do the work we have asked them to do by law.   A CR is a very clumsy, frankly, admission of failure to get our job  done on time, which I have been very unhappy about for a very, very  long period of time. It is an affliction that affects both sides in  terms of delay. As I say, the Senate, when the Republicans were in  charge, and when the Democrats were in charge, haven't really gotten a  bill to the floor and gotten it passed.   But we are not going to shut down the government, so we will propose  some action which will preclude shutting down the government at  whatever time that action is needed, but I am  [[Page H8723]]  very, very hopeful that we will do an omnibus because an omnibus at  least gives the government and its agencies a year's worth of notice as  to what resources they have to use to accomplish the objectives we have  asked them to.   I wish I had a more specific answer for you, but, as you know, the  negotiations are going on about the top line, and hopefully that will  be resolved relatively soon.    I thank the gentleman for yielding. The gentleman is  absolutely correct. There is a shot clock. It is September 30 at  midnight. That is the shot clock. That is when government no longer is  funded if we do not take some additional action.   I said to somebody this morning, there are 535 of us. Presumably we  are all adults, presumably we are all rational people. Neither side  would agree that everybody is that. But the fact of the matter is, we  don't do what we know we have to do. You may want to do a lot of  things, and we passed from our perspective very good legislation  through this Congress, but the only thing you have to do is pass the 12  appropriations bills so you can fund the operations of government or  make a decision that you are not going to fund a department, a program,  an activity, whatever. But we don't do that.   We have, unfortunately, the sense that the delay is an acceptable  process, as the gentleman points out. Then you get to the last minute,  a crisis, and then you get a big bill we call the omnibus bill, that  really it is so large and so few people have been participating in the  formulation of that bill that it is unfair to the Members of Congress,  and it is unfair to the American people.   I couldn't agree with the gentleman more that the appropriation  process should be done, my own view is each bill should be considered  individually. The Republicans started the practice, we followed the  same practice of bundling them so we could save time. I look forward to  working with the gentleman. I am going back to the Appropriations  Committee, working with Chair DeLauro and Ranking Member DeLauro on  doing that. But to her credit, all 12 bills were reported out of  committee in a timely fashion, and this is gratuitous--you didn't ask  for this advice--but what I would suggest we should have done if we  could have done it is start the markups in May, pass the bills in June,  send them to the Senate, and have July and August and September to  resolve differences between the two, and pass the bills by September  30. That is what we ought to do, I agree with the gentleman. It is an  objective that we ought to try to attain.     One of the things--I have been on the Appropriations  Committee; I was on it for 23 years before I took leave--we had actual  conferences, Senators and House Members on the two subcommittees came  together, discussed differences, tried to resolve those differences.  That essentially does not exist any longer, and it is not healthy, I  think, for the institution.   