 Madam Speaker, Thank you, Congressman Hill for taking  the time to put together this special order.   From Arkansas to South Florida, every hardworking American is facing  the same dilemma under Biden's presidency.   Look, we all know the facts. Record high inflation, 9.1 percent, a  shrinking economy.   But what we often overlook is just how devasting this Biden's  inflation is on everyday people and the real-life, practical impact it  has on hardworking families. Inflation is the worst tax on American  workers.   Over the last week, my office has been hearing a lot about Biden's  inflation. Many families desperate to make ends meet, having to choose  between feeding their families and putting gas in their car.   Genevieve from Cutler Bay reached out to my office saying quote: ``we  were already living paycheck to paycheck with very little savings. Now  we are dipping in our savings just to make ends meet. I am worried that  I will not be able to pay for after school services for my children  when the school year starts.''   Marianela from Miami shared similar concerns, saying quote: ``I have  less money to save or spend. My groceries are to a minimum. Costs of  gas are a consequence of Mr. Biden's executive orders which have a  domino effect on everything we have to buy.''   Maria from Key West also reached out to us saying quote: ``Constantly  negative in the bank because bills have doubled in price, had to use  credit cards after being debt free because of how expensive everything  is. I was a stay at home mom and will have to return to work sooner  than planned.''   When you go out and talk to people at the grocery store, at the gas  pumps, parents at our schools, they all share the same stories. Biden's  9.1 percent inflation isn't just some fictional economics stat.   It means Americans are 9.1 percent poorer today than they were a year  ago. Hardworking Americans are feeling the heat. It's time President  Biden grow a backbone and do the work needed to increase our domestic  energy, arrest the out-of-control spending, and get our economy working  again for all Americans.   