 Madam President, that whole concept of going where real  people live is an important one. When people are facing higher utility  bills every month and a bigger bill every time they fill up their gas  tank, it doesn't take long for them to figure out that policy decisions  somewhere have changed something--and something that really  dramatically affects their quality of life. And then it didn't take  long to figure out that those policy decisions in Washington are the  decisions that made that kind of difference.   When a blackout causes the lights to go out and your refrigerator to  stop working, the impact of energy policy becomes pretty tangible and  you understand pretty quickly that this is impacting you. That is a  prospect that a lot of Americans are facing this summer. It is not  theoretical, but in too many places, it is happening and happening over  and over again.   In late May, the North American Electric Reliability Corporation  released a report that said that nearly two-thirds of the United States  could experience blackouts this summer as a result of reliability  challenges of the electric grid. Now, that group is a nonprofit  regulatory authority that monitors the grid in the United States and  Canada and some of northern Mexico.   They could see this coming and Americans can now see this happening.  They said that it was sobering. They said that it was an  understatement, really, in many ways, to see it any other way. The  understatement is, in particular--and the report said--that in the West  and the Midwest, there was a heightened risk of reliability challenges  and energy shortfalls.   This report on the electric grid cited several reasons for heightened  risk people are facing. One of them is that there is simply too little  electric-generating capacity in the middle of the country where I live  following the closure of older baseload generators. You can't make  these decisions about energy policy without having a replacement in  mind and not expect to see bad things happen to families, to  individuals, to our economy. And that is what we are seeing now.   Earlier this year, the Energy Information Administration projected 85  percent of the generators closing this year would be coal-fired power  plants.   So, if you close these plants and don't have a replacement in line,  look what happens. Maybe we should ask Germany what happened when they  shut down one of their major energy sources without having a  replacement. Before you know it, they were dependent on a source of  energy and a kind of energy and a country to get that energy from that  didn't work out at all.   From day one, the administration has advanced policies to restrict  the production of affordable and reliable American energy. We have gone  from being a net exporter of energy to an importer--in fact, even a  pleading importer of energy--in an unbelievably short period of time.   Electric prices in that period of time have gone up nearly 20  percent. Gasoline prices have more than doubled. If you are at the gas  pump and you fill up your tank, whatever you are paying, cut that in  half. That is what you  [[Page S3516]]  would have paid under the policies just a couple of years ago. Now you  are paying 107 percent more than you were paying then. The push of a  rapid transition to renewable energy sources will cause prices to go up  even higher. We have already seen what happens. We should be able to  figure out what happens if you do more of it without a plan.   What the administration wants to do here doesn't have to be painful.  Transitioning from fossil fuels over a period of time doesn't have to  be a painful thing. You just have to have a replacement in mind. You  have to understand the economic consequences and understand, if your  timeframe is right, there are no economic consequences.   Fossil fuels accounted for just over 60 percent of the electricity  generated in the United States last year. Nuclear power generated  nearly 20 percent of the electricity; wind, 9 percent; hydropower, 6  percent; solar power was about 3 percent. When you dedicate yourself to  eliminating 60 percent of the electricity generated in the country, you  have got to expect that bad things are going to happen, and they are.   We are seeing what happened with reliability challenges in California  in its leading the way in this transition. But last summer, the State  was doing everything they could, as quickly as they could, to build gas  plants, natural gas plants, to supplement its power and to avoid  blackouts. You went from plenty of power to new sources of energy and  then, suddenly, to not enough power and then back to fossil fuels to  desperately try to replace the power.   Surely, we can learn that this doesn't have to be the way you make  these realistic transitions from one way of powering things to another.  Just to replace every vehicle in the country with electric models would  require 25 percent more electricity than we produce today. Forcing the  electrification of homes and buildings will drive demand even higher  and will cost more. Families will suffer.   For now, all of the above still works. For the long term, we have to  find out what works for all Americans and how we may have reasonable  energy policy moving forward. All of the above is serving us well. As  we move from that, we need to know what we are moving to, how we are  moving there, and how we can do it with the least impact on the  economy, on individuals, and on families.   I yield the floor.   