 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come here with real pleasure, pride,  excitement, joy, and real exuberance not often felt on the floor of the  U.S. Senate because we are going to be making history this week. As  confident as I am of anything ever in the U.S. Senate happening, this  week we will confirm Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson as an Associate  Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court.   Let me, first of all, thank President Biden for nominating her. His  wisdom and courage are one of the reasons that she is before us as a  nominee in this historic vote. And to all my fellow Members of the  Judiciary Committee, we have labored a long time, through many hours,  and I particularly thank Senator Durbin for his leadership.   Now, ``historic'' is a word that is often overused, even in this  Chamber, where a lot of history is made, but Judge Jackson's nomination  truly merits that word. It is a joyous, exciting moment for all  Americans because Justice Jackson will make the U.S. Supreme Court look  more like America and, hopefully, think more like America at a time  when Black women and people with diverse backgrounds, races, religions  have broken many barriers.   Her confirmation will be a giant leap into the present. She stands on  the shoulders of many who have come before her, as she recognized so  explicitly in our hearing. One of them is Constance Baker Motley, a  daughter of New Haven, CT, the first Black woman to argue before the  U.S. Supreme Court and the first Black woman to be appointed as a judge  on the U.S. district court.   Now, she was also instrumental in the well-known and profoundly  significant case of Brown v. Board of Education, argued by Thurgood  Marshall, and she won every one of the cases that she argued before the  U.S. Supreme Court. I have argued four; she argued ten. Her record  surpasses almost any of the litigators who have become judges.   Not only will she be the first Black woman on the U.S. Supreme Court,  Justice Jackson will be the first public defender. What does that mean?  She has represented people who couldn't afford a lawyer. There is  nobody on this Court who has represented people who couldn't afford a  lawyer as a full-time profession or public defender. She has more  experience as a trial lawyer and a trial judge combined than anybody on  the U.S. Supreme Court now and probably over the last century.   She has academic credentials that are superlative. She has written  and taught and counseled in ways that give her insights into the real- life meaning of the law and its real impact on people.   It has also given her an emotional intelligence. There is no question  that she is qualified by virtue of intellect and intelligence. Book  smart--there is no question that she is book smart, but she is also  people smart. She understands, as Justice Breyer has, as well, that all  of these abstruse legalisms, all of the abstract concepts in law, all  the technical distinctions, all of the verbiage--they have a real-life  impact when they are words in a statute, when  [[Page S1972]]  they are words in a legal opinion, when they are words from the mouths  of judges or Justices--Federal or State. She understands that real-life  impact, which gives her more than intellect. It gives her emotional  intelligence.   I will say that I have talked to Judge Jackson about her feelings,  her instincts at critical decision points as a judge. In sentencing,  when she knew that another person's life was in her hands,  metaphorically, and when another person's future was within her  decision-making power, she has looked at sentencing decisions with all  of the data points, all of the emotional intelligence, all of the  judgment that she has advanced so movingly in her conversations with  us, as well as her appearance before our committee.   She has that capacity for empathy that very few people have. A lot of  people can go to school and can graduate with honors. They can be book  smart, but she understands the impact of law on real lives and real  people. It is those people whose lives are touched by the justice  system. Whether they are victims or criminal defendants or litigants  dealing with personal or professional conflict, their stories shone  through her conversations with us and her testimony before our  committee and her enthusiasm for the law, because judges are the face  and voice of justice, and representation matters.    It matters for the legitimacy and credibility of our judicial system  that our judges look like America, that somebody coming into a  courtroom sees that that Justice has that face and voice that can  relate to them.   Judge Jackson will bring to the U.S. Supreme Court all those  immensely important qualities and, certainly, she will bring a lot of  patience and perseverance. She has shown those qualities, but also  grace and dignity, in the way that she responded to some of the  abusive, demanding questions that she was asked during our hearing. She  has weathered that storm with extraordinary distinction and diligence.  When some of our colleagues went low, she went high, to paraphrase  Michelle Obama.   When she was attacked for not claiming a ``judicial philosophy,'' she  pointed to the decisions and opinions and disclaimed a judicial  philosophy, just as Chief Justice Roberts did when he was asked in his  hearing about judicial philosophy and he said he had no ``overarching  judicial philosophy'' and, instead, described his role as ``call[ing]  balls and strikes.''   She said she knew her lane. She does, indeed, know her lane. She  maybe didn't use the same terminology, but it is that objectivity and  impartiality that Chief Justice Roberts described that will also guide  her as a matter of principle and philosophy.   There were other criticisms of Judge Jackson, and one conservative  commentator described these attacks as ``meritless to the point of  demagoguery.'' He was right. The concocted outrage, the straw man, the  old grievances, the ancient complaints about past hearings and the  treatment of nominees, all will fade and be forgotten because what  shone through her performance was her integrity, her depth and warmth,  her grace and dignity.   Far from being soft on crime, very movingly, she described what it is  like to have a family member who walks a beat because her brother is a  cop and her uncle, a chief of police. She described the worries,  concerns, even fear that family members have when their relatives are  police--when their brother or uncle puts himself in harm's way. And  that is probably the reason she has been endorsed by the largest rank- and-file enforcement organization in the country, the Fraternal Order  of Police, as well as the International Association of Chiefs of  Police, high-ranking officials from the Department of Justice, and  nearly 100 former assistant U.S. attorneys, many of whom observed her  work as a judge firsthand.   Some may have tried to smear her, but they failed abysmally,  fortunately. She had a reversal rate of about 2 percent, well below the  rate that the average district judge has in the DC Circuit. And she has  been endorsed, as well, by former colleagues who were appointed by  Republican judges--well-respected conservative judges who disagreed  with her in the outcome of cases but who deeply respected the way she  called those balls and strikes in the best and truest sense of the  term.   And she has shown her independence. She has ruled for and against the  Trump administration. She has ruled for and against labor and  collective bargaining, for and against qualified immunity, for and  against class certification, because her philosophy and her  ``methodology,'' to use her word, is to follow the facts and the law,  and that is what she will do as a Justice on the U.S. Supreme Court.   Let me just finish, finally, with, maybe, what I think is going to be  most important about Justice Jackson.   She is a unifier and a consensus builder. She is someone who can  build bridges among colleagues and even adversaries. She has been  confirmed on a bipartisan basis three times already by the Senate  because she is a bridge builder, and the Court needs a bridge builder  now more than ever. It has been politicized and polarized in a way that  undermines respect and trust in the American people. Partly, it is the  self-inflicted wounds of the Court, which have been dominated in many  decisions by a far-right coalition that have made it look political,  and that perception is deeply important because the Court's trust and  respect depend on the public perceiving it to be above politics.   So the Court has inflicted wounds on itself, but so have the Congress  and the political branch inflicted wounds on the Court by dragging it  through a seemingly political process and making nominations and  appointments seem to be the result of partisan politics, so that it may  be perceived as just another political branch.   I said at the very start that I have reverence for the Court and deep  respect for it as an institution. It has no armies or police. It has no  power of the purse. Its authority depends on its credibility.   My hope is that Judge Jackson as Justice Jackson will help elevate it  in a way that it needs now more than ever. I asked her about a code of  ethics for the U.S. Supreme Court, and she said she would talk to her  colleagues about it. I feel she has an understanding of the need now  for the Court to adopt a code of ethics.   It is the only judicial body that lacks a code of ethics. It has  none. Unlike the appellate courts, the district courts, the U.S.  magistrate, the court of claims--all of the minor judicial bodies in  the United States--it has no code of ethics because it has resisted a  code of ethics. Its credibility now depends on its having a code of  ethics.   Recent events have severely imperiled credibility and trust, and that  peril will grow as more becomes known about some of these events. But  the Court can help itself by supporting a code of ethics rather than  resisting it.   Judge Jackson's commitment to talk to her colleagues about it is a  very welcome and important step. She said it in response to a question  that I asked. I was the only member of the committee to ask about a  code of ethics--surprisingly, to me. But restoring credibility and  trust will be important to our Nation. Her service will help restore  and inspire confidence. Her presence and active participation on the  Court will help that task of reinvigorating credibility and trust.   Her confirmation will be, indeed, a giant leap forward into the  present and the future. It will inspire lots of young girls, lots of  young women, lots of Black women, lots of Americans to believe in the  American dream and to believe and see the law in different ways. That  is what one of the young girls who wrote to Judge Jackson said in her  letter, indeed, that she would look at the law in a different way.   We will look at the law in a different way, and we will look at the  Court in a different way because the Court will look and hopefully  think more like America.   I am looking forward to that vote. I will never cast a vote in this  body that I am more proud and excited to do.   I thank all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, and  hopefully there will be more on the other side of the aisle joining us  for this historic achievement for our Nation.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my very  able legislative fellow Alexander Nabavi-Noori be granted floor  privileges until the end of August 2022.   