 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 1541, the Martha  Wright-Reed Just and Reasonable Communications Act, which is the Senate  companion to my bill, H.R. 2489. The bill ends the practice of phone  companies charging families astronomically high rates to call  incarcerated loved ones in prison. These rates are unjust and  unreasonable, and I am elated that this bill will finally put an end to  them.   Right now, families of incarcerated people are forced to pay  prohibitively expensive fees to stay connected with their loved ones  through simple phone calls. It is inhumane and immoral.   We all gain when incarcerated people can remain connected to their  support networks, because they have a better likelihood of not  returning to jail or prison. Yet, the extreme costs of making a phone  call--as much as $25 for a 15-minute call--makes it nearly impossible  for families to maintain connections. It is long past time that we  prevent greedy companies from exorbitantly profiting off of families'  need to stay connected.   Martha Wright, the namesake of this bill, needlessly suffered as she  tried to stay in touch with her grandson when he was incarcerated.   Today, there are millions of Martha Wrights around the country who  make similar sacrifices while supporting family members inside prisons  and jails. One in three families go into debt just to call their loved  ones.   That is unconscionable, Mr. Speaker.   These safeguards to protect families from exploitation already has  widespread support. A 2020 poll commissioned by Worth Rises found that  over 70 percent of Americans support providing phone calls in prisons  and jails at no cost.   This fight has been decades in the making.   My friend Charlie Sullivan brought the issue to my attention when  hardly anyone knew about these astronomical costs unless they were  directly impacted. I introduced legislation in 2005 for the first time  to address this shameful practice. Since then, protestors have  repeatedly gathered outside the Federal Communications Commission,  director Ava Duvernay has taken up the cause, and the issue has been  featured in podcasts and on television.   In recent years, New York City, San Francisco, San Diego, Dallas, and  the State of Connecticut made phone calls free for incarcerated people.   The FCC also took steps to lower costs. But due to a 2017 Federal  court decision, its authority has been restricted to only regulating  calls that cross state lines. That decision made a mockery of families,  creating a perverse world in which families that are just a few miles  away from their incarcerated loved ones can be charged inhumane costs  for a simple phone call.   That is why I took up this issue again, introducing updated and  revised legislation: the Martha Wright Prison Phone Justice Act.   The legislation would confirm the FCC's regulatory power to protect  all prison and jail phone calls, not just those that cross state lines.  It would also establish interim rate caps of no more than five cents  per minute while the FCC conducts a proceeding to determine permanent  rate caps.   The House passed my bill last year, and I reintroduced the  legislation this Congress alongside Senator Duckworth to get the bill  across the finish line. I am delighted and proud that the bill passed  the Senate yesterday and will pass the House today. I have spent my  entire 30 years in the House fighting for those with no voice, the  downtrodden in our society, and today's vote is a culmination of those  efforts. Together, we can make sure families and loved ones stay  connected.   The success of this legislation would also not be possible without  Martha Wright and other activists who have dedicated their lives to  helping the families of the incarcerated. We are now continuing the  work that they started.   I would like to thank my dear friend and colleague Chairman Frank  Pallone, who chairs the House Energy and Commerce Committee, and his  staff for his help getting this bill over the finish line.   I also want to recognize Senators Tammy Duckworth and Rob Portman for  their work moving the bill through the Senate.   I hope others will join me in voting in favor of this legislation. It  is past time that we put an end to the practice of phone companies  profiting off of vulnerable families who have no other choice.   