 Madam Speaker, the Senate version of the PACT Act  helps connect veterans who were exposed to burn pits or dangerous  toxins in service to our country with the healthcare and benefits they  have earned and were promised.   This legislation also codifies the scientific framework that the VA  is already using to provide benefits to toxic-exposed veterans, better  reflects current practice, and improves transparency.   The previous House-passed version, which I voted against, ignored the  work the VA is already doing to improve services to toxic-exposed  veterans.   This bill improves and codifies the pilot program that the VA  established last year to extend compensation benefits to toxic-exposed  veterans.   This bill also includes provisions to increase transparency, provide  flexibility, and keep pace with scientific advancements for toxic  exposure.   In addition, this legislation includes workforce enhancements, and  other changes, to ensure the VA can improve services to toxic-exposed  veterans without compromising care and benefits.   The prior House version of the PACT Act failed to address the  operational impact on the VA of servicing the benefits of toxic-exposed  veterans, which would have left veterans waiting in a backlog of 1.5  million claims. This new version includes provisions that address the  operational impacts head-on.   Madam Speaker, this legislation is not perfect. I do not support  everything that is in this piece of legislation. But as the saying  goes: We cannot let the search for perfect be the enemy of the good,  or, in this case, what is right and necessary.   Our veterans have waited far too long to receive the help that they  were promised. It is far past time for Congress to stop screwing  around, breaking our own rules, while America's veterans suffer and  literally die.   Since my time in Congress began, I have been a strong advocate for  Montana veterans, and I work tirelessly in the House Veterans' Affairs  Committee to ensure that all America's veterans are able to receive the  quality care that they were promised, and the care that they have  earned.   We are willing to spend far too much money to engage in conflict, and  far too little to care for our warriors once they come home.   Madam Speaker, I intend to vote for this legislation and I encourage  my colleagues to do the same.   