 Mr. Speaker, I stand in strong support of the America  COMPETES Act, legislation that restores a strong and robust American  manufacturing base that can outcompete any other nation. It will put us  on course to lead the pack in creating the strongest and most advanced  economy of the future.   Over the past 40 years, America's manufacturing sector has lost  market share to economic competitors like China. This decline in  manufacturing, coupled with the COVID-19 pandemic, has led to severe  supply chain disruptions across our economy.  [[Page H808]]    The America COMPETES Act will strengthen our economy by bolstering  our Nation's supply chains and ensuring that more critical goods are  made right here in the United States.   The legislation invests $45 billion in grants, loans, and loan  guarantees to support supply chain resilience and manufacturing of  critical goods, industrial equipment, and manufacturing technology here  in the U.S.   It invests $52 billion for the CHIPS for America Act, incentivizing  private-sector investments in superconductor fabrication in the United  States. This funding will help eliminate disruptions in the  superconductor supply chain from abroad that has hurt American  automakers, medical supply chain companies, and manufacturers of heavy  machinery.   It invests $3 billion to help build a domestic solar manufacturing  supply chain so we can aggressively counter China's control of the  solar chain that jeopardizes our energy security interests. The bill  also keeps our electric grid secure and resilient in the face of  evolving cybersecurity and physical security threats.   The America COMPETES Act also improves our medical supply chain and  strengthens our Strategic National Stockpile. During the early days of  the COVID-19 pandemic, there were widespread shortages of essential  medicines, medical supplies, and some personal protective equipment.  This legislation increases our domestic drug manufacturing base by  expanding the use of advanced and what we call continuous manufacturing  practices.   It also establishes a $1.5 billion supply chain manufacturing pilot  program that will help maintain domestic reserves of critical medical  supplies. It creates a $10.5 billion program that awards grants to  States to expand or maintain a strategic stockpile of products  essential in the event of a public health emergency.   Finally, Mr. Speaker, the America COMPETES Act innovates our wireless  supply chain and network security by funding the deployment of cutting- edge technology and ensuring that next-generation mobile wireless  networks are safe and secure from foreign adversaries.   Mr. Speaker, for too long, America has relied too heavily on other  nations to manufacture critical goods essential to our economy. That  has to end, and the America COMPETES Act makes the investments to  ensure that America can outcompete any other nation now and well into  the future.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my colleagues to support the bill.   