 Mr. Speaker, I want to recognize my colleagues this  solemn day. It is the day we commemorate the anniversary of Roe v.  Wade. I have said it before and continue to say, as I have many times,  I am pro-life. I am pro-family. I am pro-child. I join my colleagues  and constituents in Alabama's Fourth Congressional District in  remembering the, literally, millions of babies that have been aborted  since that 1973 decision.   Mr. Speaker, this year we are possibly on the brink of a  transformational moment in our history, a moment of hope that we really  haven't had for many, many years, the reversal of or major changes to  Roe v. Wade.   As most of us know, in June of this year we expect the U.S. Supreme  Court to hand down a decision on the Dobbs v. Jackson case. In deciding  this case, the Supreme Court has the opportunity to protect the lives  of unborn children after the 15-week mark of pregnancy.   Mr. Speaker, I think we all have to be clear. Even if the Supreme  Court upholds the Mississippi law as it is written, abortion will not  be banned nationwide. It simply gives the power back to the States. For  me, my pro-life stance is deeply rooted in my Christian faith. Just as  important, my opposition to abortion is about doing what is right. It  is about protecting unborn babies. It is about not trying to impose my  faith on anyone else.   Mr. Speaker, that is because it is also rooted in science. Like much  of science, our scope of knowledge on the development of unborn babies  has advanced farther than what we knew back in 1973. It is time for our  laws to catch up.   At 15 weeks, an unborn baby has a heartbeat. It can open and close  its fingers and hands. It can taste. It can even feel pain. No argument  in favor of abortion can overcome one unchanging fact, and that is  abortion stops a beating heart.   Given developments of unborn babies at 15 weeks, abortions after this  timeframe often involve gruesome medical procedures that are dangerous  for mothers and undoubtedly painful to the baby.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues, as we look forward, as we  return back to our States, and as this issue is hopefully turned over  into the hands of the States, we can make groundbreaking steps in  saving the lives of the unborn.   