 Thank you, Vice Chairman Johnson, for yielding valuable  time out of your very busy schedule. Madam Speaker, thank you, ma'am.   The Biden administration's response to the baby formula crisis has  been a joke. President Biden has tried to deflect the blame by claiming  he wasn't aware of the severity of the shortage until April of 2022.   To me, Madam Speaker, Mr. Chairman, this claim just shows he either  has no idea about what is going on in his administration or in this  country, or he is a liar, or maybe both.   The FDA received a whistleblower's report, as you well know, in  October of 2021 about the sanitation issues at the Abbott manufacturing  plant, but they didn't do anything about it. They didn't have any  intention to do anything about it.   They only closed the facility in February of 2022 when two precious  little babies died after drinking formula from that plant, and to me,  that is criminal.   Unfortunately, the Biden administration's signature move, as always,  is see a problem, don't do anything, then blame others when things go  wrong.   I always remember the words of Harry Truman, ``The buck stops here.''  This President has repeated those, and he has yet to follow his own  advice, and I believe things have certainly gone wrong.   The out-of-stock rate for baby formula was recently 70 percent across  our great country--70 percent. This means that parents across this  Nation are going to be unable to feed their little ones.   This disproportionately affects our low-income families because folks  with money generally are going to find something. They are going to  find it on the internet, find a friend or somewhere else.    Of course, House Democrats' solution was to give $28 million to a  bloated bureaucracy at the FDA to address the shortage. But, of course,  $23 million of it was for staff salaries and the administration.   Of course, the bill that passed that was bipartisan cleared up some  of the bureaucracy, but that was completely ignored by the media.   It is mainly because the media, by and large, except for a few  exceptions, is totally in the tank for this administration. They have  so much invested in him that they can't stand to see him fail, which he  is--horribly.   I believe throwing money at a problem is not going to make it go  away. You need a plan to go with it. You need to cut some of this red  tape and bureaucracy. It gets in the way of enacting real solutions.   We still likely won't see any formula hitting the shelves until mid- July--mid-July. I think that is unacceptable, Mr. Chairman. We need to  feed our babies today.   Mr. Chairman, thank you for your leadership, and as you have told me  many times when I was a freshman, that when you are sitting at the  table, there will be time enough for counting when the dealing is done.  You, sir, are the gambler.   