 Madam President, it is good to be back in the Senate.  Like a number of my colleagues, after dodging the virus for 2 years, it  finally caught up with me last weekend. I spent a week in quarantine  and, fortunately, experienced only mild symptoms. I think that is  because I was fully vaccinated and boosted and I was glad to have the  help of modern science on my side.   There is never a good time to be away from our work here in the  Senate, but we all have a responsibility to keep those around us safe  as well, no matter how inconvenient. Unfortunately, there are reports  that our friends across the aisle may be intentionally disregarding  that responsibility. I am deeply concerned by published reports that  our Democratic colleagues have adopted a ``don't test, don't tell''  policy to ensure full attendance today.   Allegedly, they are more concerned about ramming through Senator  Manchin's tax hike than following CDC guidelines to protect not only  each other but the staff members, the Capitol Police, custodial staff,  food service workers, and countless others who keep this institution  running. These folks could have any number of other health conditions  that could lead to more severe COVID experiences than, for example, I  had or they could be caregivers for young children or elderly relatives  who have a high risk of serious illness.   I sincerely hope these reports are not true. I hope our Democratic  colleagues are not selfish enough to put so many people at risk in  order to pass this massive tax-and-spending spree. If any of our  colleagues are experiencing COVID symptoms, they should do what I did.  They should get tested, period.   We know that as soon as this evening, the Senate is expected to vote  on Senator Manchin's and Senator Schumer's massive tax hike on middle- class families. You can call it the Manchin-Schumer tax hike of 2022.  It sprung to life, unbeknownst, I believe, to virtually all the  Democratic Senators, except for Senator Manchin and Senator Schumer.  And no one has seen what we will purportedly be voting on later today,  even our Democratic colleagues. No one has seen the final product. Once  the so-called Byrd bath has  [[Page S4058]]  been undertaken by the Parliamentarian, this will be a substitute bill  that Senator Schumer will lay down, but nobody has seen it.   When the senior Senator from West Virginia announced this bill last  week--or this agreement--every Republican was shocked and, from my  view, most Democrats were as well. My private conversations with many  of my Democratic colleagues said: Boy, that does not look good to be  working so closely together on a bipartisan bill only to spring this on  everybody by surprise. It looks like they were trying to pull a fast  one. After all, Senator Manchin did put the kibosh on the reckless tax- and-spending spree bill last year, and he doubled down on his  opposition just a few weeks ago.   Privately, his Democratic colleagues assured me this was not  happening. But then the Senator from West Virginia has engaged in a  gigantic Olympic-worthy flip-flop. Senator Manchin will tell you this  bill is completely different from ``Build Back Broke,'' but it is not.   We should take a look at some of the elements of this legislation.  ``Build Back Broke'' was a roundup of expensive, unnecessary damaging  policies, including job-killing tax hikes, which would leave hard- working American families without a way to earn a paycheck, Green New  Deal climate policies that would hurt our energy security and drive  energy costs through the roof, taxpayer subsidies for wealthy people  buying expensive cars and SUVs.   I was listening to the majority whip, the Senator from Illinois,  talking about these businesses that are making too much money and so  they need to pay more in taxes. That is what I have come to expect from  our Democratic colleagues. They are kind of a ``Robin Hood'' party-- take from the rich, give to the poor. Except here, this is a reverse  Robin Hood. They are taking from middle-class families who can't afford  to buy expensive electric vehicles and giving a tax subsidy to wealthy  people who can afford to buy them but are helped with the $7,500  taxpayer subsidy. So you might call that a reverse Robin Hood.   Then they want to supersize the Internal Revenue Service with even  more manpower and authority to track everyday American people and  perform, I presume, many, many more audits, not just on the rich and  famous but also on middle-class Americans.   And then there are the special handouts to powerful friends of the  Democratic Party. This isn't the type of legislation that will bring  our economy roaring back to life or cool inflation. In fact, that is  the first place that this bill is misrepresented. They are calling it  the Inflation Reduction Act, but nobody believes that, in the near  term, it is going to have a single impact, at all, on inflation.   That is what Penn Wharton said. For the next 2 years, they said, it  may actually make inflation worse, but it is a negligible amount. But  the one thing we are sure of is that it sure won't go down.   So it is not an ``inflation reduction act.'' It is really an insult  to the intelligence of the American people to think that you can spend  this money and you can tax individuals and businesses during a  recession--something everybody from Bill Clinton to Barack Obama, to  Chuck Schumer, to Joe Manchin has said you don't do, which is raise  taxes during a recession--but that is exactly what this bill does.   Higher taxes, bigger government, more inflation, and fewer jobs--this  is a bill whose time has not come. No wonder when this bill was  originally proposed as Build Back Better, Senator Manchin opposed the  bill.   So let's see what he and Senator Schumer wrote in secret behind  closed doors and then sprung on the American people. And, again, we  haven't even seen the final product yet, and yet Senator Schumer said  we are going to stay in session until it passes.   Well, it is going to have to take all 50 votes of Democratic Senators  and the vote of the Vice President to do that, because not one single  Senator on this side of the aisle was consulted, was asked to work on a  bipartisan basis to come up with a product that could be supported  across the aisle.   This will be a purely partisan exercise, after I think we have had a  pretty good run of bipartisan cooperation, and I have been proud to be  a part of that. But this is a complete reversal of sort of the spirit  of bipartisan cooperation that we have seen, frankly, all summer long,  which has produced some pretty good legislation.   Well, there are tax hikes that will leave hard-working Americans  poorer. Not only will inflation be roughly 9 percent, which it is  today--meaning that for every $100 you earn, you are only going to get  $91 in purchasing power--in addition to that, the Joint Committee on  Taxation said the impact of this bill will mean that individuals  earning as little as $10,000 a year will see an increase in their tax  burden, because you can't spend this much money, you can't tax this  many people without it having some trickle-down effect on taxpayers,  certainly those who earn less than $400,000, which was President  Biden's pledge. And I heard the majority leader say that again and, I  believe, the majority whip, too, but this is not true.   The Joint Committee on Taxation is the entity here--nonpartisan  entity--which provides the final word on those issues. So  notwithstanding the denials of the majority leader and the majority  whip and others, the Joint Committee on Taxation said that taxpayers  earning as little as $10,000 will see their taxes go up--maybe not  their income tax, but they will be poorer as a result of this bill.   Again, part of that is because, in addition to inflation, in addition  to additional tax burden, you are going to be asking them to pay taxes  to subsidize wealthy people to buy electric vehicles or to subsidize  people's health insurance, even though they make well above the 400  percent of poverty cap that was initially part of ObamaCare, the  Affordable Care Act. That cap has been lifted now as well.   We will see what the final product looks like, but the earlier  provision showed that people earning up to as much as 750 percent of  poverty would then receive taxpayer subsidies for their health  insurance.   Well, Senator Manchin and Senator Schumer may have slapped a new name  on Build Back Better or ``Build Back Broke,'' but all of the essential  elements are still there: tax hikes on families, the Green New Deal,  massive electric vehicle subsidies.   Oh, and here is another thing. A lot of the American car  manufacturers said we may not be able to access these tax credits  because 70 percent of the components that go into electric vehicles are  made in other countries, like China. That is how slapdash this bill was  put together. If more time, more deliberation, more debate, more  bipartisanship had occurred, maybe we could have come up with something  that would make more sense.   But this is what happens when you get in a big hurry. You make  mistakes and do things that make zero sense, like provide this subsidy  to a limited class of car manufacturers when 70 percent of the  components of a typical electric vehicle, including the battery, come  from overseas.   As I said, this is a misleading-labeled bill. It is not going to do a  thing to ease inflation in the near term. The budget experts at Penn  Wharton analyzed Senator Manchin's tax hike and bill and completely  decimated the argument that this legislation will reduce inflation. If  this bill becomes law, inflation will not get any better anytime soon.  In fact, I believe Americans can expect it to get worse.   The people at Penn Wharton said the Manchin tax hike bill would  increase inflation slightly in the short term and cause it to stick  around for 2 more years before it would have any impact. That is what  you are going to tell hard-working American families: You are being  priced out of your favorite food and grocery products at the grocery  store or you can't afford to fill up your car? Just wait 2 more years.   Well, if the Democrats are successful in passing this bill with  purely Democratic votes, there will be an accounting, and there will be  a comparison by voters in November with, OK, they told us that if we  pass this bill, it would reduce inflation, and let's see what inflation  looks like in November of 2022.   I am not wishing for higher inflation. I hope inflation will go down.  But this is exactly the opposite of what you ought to do if you want to  reduce inflation to restore people's purchasing power.  [[Page S4059]]    Well, again, several years ago and more recently, our colleague from  West Virginia said he didn't think it was wise to raise taxes during a  recession. He and the majority leader have tried to convince anyone who  will listen, who is gullible enough, to believe that this bill does not  raise taxes on anyone making less than $400,000 a year, but, as I said,  the Joint Committee on Taxation explodes that myth.   Next year, more than 60 percent of taxpayers who earn between $40,000  and $50,000 a year will be hit with a higher tax bill. That is what the  Joint Committee on Taxation said. It is in the so-called distributional  tables. It is a pretty complex calculation, but that is why we rely on  the Joint Committee on Taxation to provide this expert information and  guidance to us, because, frankly, it is beyond the capability of most  of us in Congress. They also said that more than 90 percent of those  earning between $75,000 and $100,000 a year will pay more in taxes, and  a whopping 97 percent of those earning between $100,000 and $200,000  will see a tax increase.   I heard our colleague the majority whip talk about these big, rich  companies--oil and gas companies, pharmaceutical companies--making too  much money. But these aren't billion-dollar corporations that they are  raising taxes on; these are middle-class families--and for what? To  subsidize rich people driving around in fancy electric vehicles? It is  a disgrace.   Well, of course, working families aren't the only ones who are going  to face a higher tax bill. The Manchin tax hike also hits businesses  and is sure to have a devastating impact on--guess where--West  Virginia. I am not making this up. Higher taxes require companies to  cut costs everywhere.   I think sometimes our Democratic colleagues have this idea that if  you raise taxes on businesses, they will simply absorb it and they  won't pass it along to their customers. That is a flight of fantasy.  Higher taxes will require them either to pass those costs along or to  cut costs elsewhere, like to cut off their employees, to not hire as  many people as they would otherwise hire.   I was flabbergasted, frankly, when I saw that, according to the Tax  Foundation, the industry that will be hit hardest is the coal industry.  Now, we know the coal industry has been the primary target of  Democrats' green policies, and maybe that is what they have in mind--to  put even more coal miners out of a job.   Despite the adverse impact this legislation will have on families and  communities across the country, it was written by two people: Senators  Manchin and Schumer. They have been working hard since they announced  their deal, arrived at in secret, behind closed doors. They have worked  hard to try to get this bill to the floor, to see if it complies with  the Senate rules. They continue to make last-minute changes--going on  even as I speak, which is the reason none of us have seen the final  product--but we are unlikely to see those final changes before Senator  Schumer asks us to vote on the bill. But still Senator Schumer said he  expects every Democrat to fall in line and to vote for this legislation  within a matter of hours. They haven't seen the bill either. I have to  imagine that Democrats in both the House and the Senate are pretty  unhappy with this process.   Experts have analyzed this bill and said it raises taxes on families,  and it will have an adverse impact on jobs and keep inflation high-- certainly not cut it--but the top Senate Democrat expects his  colleagues to ignore these warning signs and to vote for it anyway.   Like I said, all of us are held accountable by the voters at election  time. And I guess ultimately that is what this exercise will be about-- it will be about political accountability.   On average, there have been about 40 amendments in a so-called vote- arama, which we are all familiar with, which we will experience  presumably later on tonight. Our colleagues said: Well, there may be  some amendments I would like to vote for, but I am going to vote  against them because I want to make sure we get this bill across the  floor, no matter how ugly the process, no matter what is in it.   Well, Democrats have tried and failed to convince the American people  that the biggest problems facing our country aren't really problems at  all or certainly their problem.   Despite all the obvious warnings, the Biden administration officials  insisted that inflation was transitory, that it is temporary, won't  last long. Now they even want to redefine what it means to be in a  recession even though we have experienced two consecutive quarters of  negative GDP--gross domestic product--growth, which is the textbook  definition of a recession.   People in my State and across the country know better than to believe  this sort of sleight of hand. Despite what our colleagues are saying  today, this bill will increase taxes on families earning less than  $400,000 a year. It will stifle medical and pharmaceutical innovation  and prevent new lifesaving cures from being discovered. It will  threaten our economy and our energy security at a vulnerable moment  when we are in a recession.   And it won't do a darn thing to ease the loss of purchasing power due  to historically high inflation rates--the highest in 40 years--that  consumers and all Americans are experiencing. It won't do a thing. No  amount of spin or fast talking can conceal the damage this bill will  inflict on the American people.   Senator Manchin likes to say: ``If I can't go back home and explain  it, I can't vote for it,'' but for the life of me, I don't know how our  Democratic colleagues are going to explain this one in November.   I yield the floor.   