 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that at a time  to be determined by the majority leader, in consultation with the  Republican leader, the Senate proceed to executive session to consider  Calendar No. 925, Alan M. Leventhal to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of  Denmark; that there be 10 minutes for debate equally divided in the  usual form on the nomination; and that upon the use or yielding back of  time, the Senate vote without intervening action or debate on the  nomination and the Senate resume legislative session.    Madam President, I just want to say that I appreciate the  position of the Senator from Mississippi, but I will say this on behalf  of Alan Leventhal: He is a favorite son of Massachusetts. He has left  an indelible mark on our community, on the surrounding community, and  he has done just incredible work in his life.   He is in a senior position at the Massachusetts Institute of  Technology. He has worked to train the next generation of innovators  and leaders. He has received broad accolades for his transformational  work as chairman of the board of trustees at Boston University.   In every professional, philanthropic, and personal endeavor, no  matter how big or challenging, Alan has embodied excellence.   The men and women of our Foreign Service and locally employed staff  in Copenhagen will have an exceptional advocate and an accomplished  manager and Ambassador, and our strong ally Denmark will get a  committed partner with a direct line back to Washington to further  strengthen our bilateral relationship. This is critical, as we rely on  Denmark--a key member of NATO and of the European Union--to sustain its  leadership role in defense of Ukraine in the wake of Russia's invasion.   So I think it would be invaluable to have him on duty right now,  especially at this critical time in European history. I understand the  objection of the Senator from Mississippi, and I look forward to  working with him and other Senators in order to find a route to  removing the objection to this extremely qualified candidate as  Ambassador to Denmark.   I yield the floor.   