 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today my State and I think the entire  country should both mourn the loss and celebrate the life of an  American hero and dedicated civil rights leader--Johnnie Jones, who  recently died at age 102 but in his 102 years fought for our country,  fought for the free world, and also fought to bring civil rights to a  better place.   During World War II, Johnnie Jones helped storm the beaches of  Normandy as part of D-day, liberate France from Nazi occupation--along  the way, being part of the Battle of the Bulge. He was injured during  the D-day invasion when his ship hit a mine, and he suffered shrapnel  wounds from German air attacks, but he never stopped fighting.   When he came back, he attended Southern Law School and then led civil  rights efforts in Baton Rouge. He legally represented the organizers at  the Baton Rouge bus boycott, which served as a forerunner or a template  for the Montgomery bus boycott. Throughout his career, he took on  several civil rights cases, advocating for equality under the law, and  served a term in the Louisiana House of Representatives.   His commitment to service and his love of our country was not just  admirable but inspiring.   Last year, I had the honor to present him with a Purple Heart for the  wounds he received during the D-day invasion in 1944.   My grandson has been to the World War II Museum in New Orleans--a  tremendous museum--and he is now very much into the heroism of our  soldiers who were in both World War II and World War I. So I took my  grandson to meet Mr. Jones because I wanted him to meet a real-life  hero.   Here you see him at 102--so proud of his medals, saluting.   My grandson, just the other day, said: Papaw, remind me of that man  we met. So his meeting Mr. Jones 2 years ago has inspired a 7-year-old  to live his life a better way.   So, as Mr. Jones salutes us, shall we all be inspired, shall we  always remember the heroism abroad and the heroism here.   I yield the floor.   