 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of a simple, but  sacred principle: No one is above the law.   Peter Navarro was one of the former president's closest allies. And,  by his own admission, played a direct role in planning and coordinating  the events of January 6. He speaks  [[Page H4379]]  to that role on television, on podcasts, and even in his own book--yet  he refuses to do so before Congress, even when compelled by a lawful  subpoena. That is unjustifiable, and in light of the subpoena, a  criminal form of contempt.   Dan Scavino was similarly close to the former president--and  similarly involved in the events leading up to and on January 6. Mr.  Scavino played an intimate role in crafting former President Trump's  social media strategy and served as his Deputy Chief of Staff for  Communications. And, like Mr. Navarro, he was called before our  committee because our evidence and public reporting, suggests he  possesses direct, personal knowledge of the events leading up to  January 6, and while the Capitol was under siege.   Unfortunately, both Mr. Navarro and Mr. Scavino have chosen at every  turn to obstruct, to conceal their knowledge, forgoing their legal duty  to comply with a congressional subpoena and attempting instead to hide  behind spurious claims of privilege.   But let me be clear: There is no privilege that allows a witness to  simply refuse to appear. President Biden has declined to assert any  privilege and properly concluded that the national interests in hearing  the testimony of Navarro and Scavino clearly outweigh any other  consideration. And there is certainly no privilege that allows a  witness to refuse to appear before Congress while sitting for press  interviews or discussing the matter in a book.   I urge all of my colleagues to vote in favor of this resolution. To  do otherwise would set a dangerous precedent: That Congress is not a  body that is capable of, or willing to, carry out meaningful oversight.  That our subpoenas can be shrugged off or ignored. And that the  American people can no longer have faith in our ability to investigate  potential abuses of power by any president--past, present, or future.   As Judge Carter said last week in his ruling, `If the country does  not commit to investigating and pursuing accountability for those  responsible, the Court fears January 6 will repeat itself.' He is  right. We must commit to the pursuit of accountability and justice. Not  as Democrats or Republicans, but as Americans who love and cherish our  democracy.   And I will take just one more moment to urge the Department of  Justice to act with all due haste when they receive the criminal  contempt referrals for Mr. Scavino and Mr. Navarro. And not just with  respect to these referrals, but on any evidence of criminality  connected to efforts to overturn the election. The rule of law must  apply equally to all Americans, including former presidents. To do  otherwise, risks another repetition of January 6th--or worse.   