 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, I rise in  objection to this nominee due to his support of President Biden's  irrational and now proven foolish vaccine mandates for our military.   Last August, the Biden administration imposed a COVID-19 vaccine  mandate across the entire military. This led to the expulsion of  thousands of qualified, honorable servicemembers who elected not to  receive the vaccine. This DOD mandate failed to account for immunity to  the virus many troops gained through natural infection, which we now  know is equal to or greater than the effectiveness of the vaccine. The  mandate also failed to account for the fact that these men and women  are our bravest and healthiest Americans, with strong immune systems.   Recently, we learned that the Army cut roughly 60,000 National Guard  and Reserve members from pay and benefits for refusing to take the  COVID vaccine at the beginning of July. This decision was made at a  time when more than 30 percent of its recruitment slots are not  fulfilled.   The recruiting crisis has gotten so bad that the Army is now placing  enlistees who exceed body fat standards into a dietary and exercise  program in order to lose weight. This manpower shortage could result in  undermanned units and potentially longer deployments as well as greater  dependence on National Guardsmen to meet mission goals.   These personnel shortages are clear and obvious, and they are getting  worse. Yet the ideologues in charge of this administration refuse to  drop the vaccine mandate for the military. There is no longer any  rational basis to persist in this demand other than as a deliberate  campaign to punish dissenting opinions and oppress political enemies.   The Department also appears to be going out of its way to deny  religious accommodations for our troops. More than 24,000 members  across the branches have submitted religious accommodation requests.  Almost all have  [[Page S3766]]  been rejected. The Air Force approved fewer than 130 of the more than  9,000 religious requests submitted by airmen.   It is time for this administration to do what is morally right and  patriotic, what is decent and sensible and prudent for the readiness of  our military, and drop this vaccine mandate. Further, the Defense  Department should reinstate those servicemembers who have been expelled  for this reason, return them to their previous positions, and provide  backpay for time missed.   But until they do so, I will continue to object to this nominee. And,  therefore, I object.   