 Mr. Speaker, this pandemic has been a grave hardship  for our first responders. Men and women in blue have risked their lives  every day. Last year was the deadliest ever for law enforcement.   During National Police Week, we honor these heroes who have made the  ultimate sacrifice. They protect us, and we must have their backs.  Period.   I have been co-chair of the Congressional Law Enforcement Caucus for  many moons. I know our cops must have the training, the resources, and  the personnel they need to keep our communities safe.   This bipartisan Traumatic Brain Injury and Post-Traumatic Stress  Disorder Law Enforcement Training Act is a vital step. It will provide  crises intervention training grants. These Federal funds will help  officers handle different interactions with those suffering from TBI  and post-traumatic stress disorder.   I founded the Congressional Brain Injury Task Force in 2001, along  with Dr. Greenwood. He was a Republican; I am a Democrat. He was from  Pennsylvania. He did an outstanding job and continues do it in this  area, which is so misunderstood, Mr. Speaker. We didn't get to it until  late into Iraq and Afghanistan with our veterans and with our soldiers  on the front lines. Of course, it was major injury in both of those  wars--post-traumatic stress disorder and TBI, traumatic brain injury.   So forward 20 years, we worked to draw attention to the struggle of  millions of Americans living with long-term disabilities caused by  traumatic brain injury. Now, of course, we take good care of our vets.  Can you imagine, we went to war, and we had no money in the budget. We  had no programs to help those who were most injured in the two wars  that we got into. We were not prepared, and we suffered tremendous  amounts of injuries because of it.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Nadler and Chairman Pallone and their  dedicated staff for their diligent work to bring the TBI and PTSD,  Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder Law Enforcement Training Act to the  floor. I also thank Representatives Demings, Rutherford, and Bacon for  co-leading this bipartisan effort.   Finally, I thank our law enforcement and TBI community stakeholders  who helped us craft and advance this important policy. These past  couple of years have been difficult for our communities and especially  so for our men and women in uniform.   Mr. Speaker, the House stands with them during Police Week and after  2022. I am honored to present this legislation.   