 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, it has been over a month since  relentless rains and major flooding devastated Eastern Kentucky. This  disaster took homes, businesses, and at least 39 lives. Only a few  months after tornadoes had caused widespread damage in the western part  of our State, catastrophe struck our Commonwealth one more time.   I traveled back to Eastern Kentucky multiple times during the August  State work period to survey damage, meet with survivors, and lend any  help I could. What I saw were scenes of absolute destruction: water- logged houses, swollen creeks, washed-out roads. I heard directly from  survivors who have shouldered impossible burdens over the past month,  struggling to salvage belongings and to literally try to rebuild their  lives. Agencies report that thousands of homes were destroyed and  damaged in the flooding. Many of those affected lack flood insurance.   I will say that as devastating as the flooding was, stories of  heroism and generosity still shine through. The local officials I met  with reserved special praise for Kentucky's National Guard. Our  guardsmen mobilized at the outset of this crisis to perform daring  rescues and to distribute critical supplies to stranded residents.  Regular citizens also came to the aid of their neighbors and friends in  any way they could, sometimes in trucks and sometimes on horseback or  jet skis.   Help has poured in from around our State and beyond, both from  private charities and trained emergency responders, but, of course,  there is still a tremendous need for help. Eastern Kentucky has  notoriously rugged terrain. It also had preexisting communications  issues before the floods. These factors have made rescue and rebuilding  uniquely challenging already, and this is only the beginning.   Although FEMA is playing a critical role in Eastern Kentucky's  recovery, Kentuckians have grave concerns about shortcomings in the  Federal response. The Agency's convoluted application processes have  left far too many  [[Page S4419]]  flood victims without the timely aid they need, often due to just  simple clerical errors. I heard about these issues firsthand from  countless Kentuckians I met during my multiple visits.   Of course, I quickly called FEMA Administrator Criswell to say her  Agency needs to step it up. I visited the Kentucky Emergency Operations  Center to review the joint State and Federal response firsthand. I  convened leaders from our hardest hit counties, the State legislature,  and Federal response Agencies so we have clearer lines of communication  moving forward.   I hope and expect aid will begin to flow more smoothly to Eastern  Kentucky soon, and I will continue working around the clock here in  Washington to try to help make that happen.   And I promise to keep standing strong by Eastern Kentucky's side as  our immediate efforts evolve into longer term rebuilding.   A long road--a very long road--to recovery lies before us, but  Eastern Kentucky will come back stronger than ever.   