 Mr. President, last week, President Biden tried  to blame me for the current inflation crisis. In a speech where he  couldn't even get my State right--I proudly represent Florida, in case  he needs another reminder--he attacked me and tried to blame the record  inflation he created on Republicans. I guess he has also forgotten that  he is the President and that it is his policies that created this mess.  And, by the way, Democrats are in control of the House and the Senate.   What is clear to the American people is that Joe Biden is to blame  for the inflation that is hurting them more every day. Families I talk  to in Florida are sick and tired of this President's failures. They are  sick and tired of seeing an incoherent, confused man ramble on in the  White House, with no plan but to blame everyone else but himself for  the problems he created.   Last week, the Biden administration reported that the Consumer Price  Index, our main measure of inflation, increased 8.3 percent year-over- year, and the latest Producer Price Index, released just a day later,  showed wholesale inflation in April increased 11 percent over the year.  These price hikes hurt real families, and they are impacting every  industry. We see it in the price of groceries, like milk, eggs, and  meat. We see it in the price of gas at the pump and electricity for  your home. We see it in the price of used cars and in the cost of  transportation. Everything is going up, and some products, like baby  formula, are nearly impossible to find.   It is causing families to make impossible choices. In March, a Census  Bureau report found that over the last year, 24 percent of Americans  reduced or went without basic items such as food and medicine as a way  to afford their energy bills. In my home State, 26 percent of  Floridians had to make this impossible choice.   Let's be clear. The financial pinch families are facing, the supply  chain crisis families are facing, and the skyrocketing prices families  are seeing are because of the radical spending agenda being pushed by  President Biden and Democrats in Washington. Their reckless government  spending has sent our economy into a downward spiral. Our debt has  grown to over $30 trillion, and Biden wants to push it up to $45  trillion even as our GDP is contracting. Inflation has risen to the  highest levels in over 40 years. It is wrecking our economy.   We need bold action to fix this mess and help families struggling to  keep up.   I came to the floor to stop the insanity and introduce a budgetary  point of order. My bill would stop any nondefense discretionary  spending that would increase the deficit over the 10-year budget window  when the average annual CPI inflation is 3 percent or higher. The  Federal Reserve's target for inflation is 2 percent, so setting the bar  for the point of order 50 percent above this target is totally  reasonable.   My point of order would not even apply during time periods when  inflation is at or slightly above the Federal Reserve's target. Of  course, we need flexibility for emergencies, so my bill would allow  this point of order to be waived if two-thirds of the Senate agree that  deficit spending during times of elevated inflation is desperately  needed. Further, my point of order would not apply to funding our armed  services nor would it apply to any mandatory spending, such as Medicare  or Social Security.   This is commonsense legislation. This bill would put in place the  same scrutiny that families, especially poor families like mine when  growing up, use in order to stay on budget. It is the same kind of  careful examination that small business owners have to do to make sure  they can pay their employees and make ends meet. The inflation we are  seeing right now is unsustainable. It is time for action. I hope we  will all come together to agree to this point of order.   As in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed  [[Page S2567]]  to the immediate consideration of S. 4249, which is at the desk. I  further ask that the bill be considered read a third time and passed  and that motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table.    Mr. President, I disagree with my colleague's  objection, but I think this issue is too important not to try to get  something done today.   So, instead of enacting this point of order when the CPI reaches 3  percent, how about we raise it to 8 percent? Our current CPI level is  at 8.3 percent. We see how bad things are right now. When the CPI gets  close to where we currently are--inflation levels that we haven't seen  since the 1980s--that is when this point of order would take effect.   At 8 percent inflation, we have reached a crisis point. It only  stands to reason for Congress to start looking closely at every bill  that increases the deficit. Such deficit-increasing bills should only  be passed by Congress when absolutely needed.   Again, this point of order could be waived in the Senate with a two- thirds majority. I think this is reasonable and that we owe it to  American families to start holding Congress accountable for the  reckless spending that we know fuels inflation. Hopefully, my  colleagues can agree to pinning this point of order to inflation at 8  percent.   As in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of S. 4250, which is at the  desk. I further ask that the bill be considered read a third time and  passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table.    Mr. President, I was hoping we could arrive at  a deal today, so let me try it one more time.   Eight percent inflation, I think, is really high. Remember that the  Federal Reserve's target is 2 percent. I am just here to see if we can  work something out and get something with which we can control excess  spending. So I am going to try one more time. I want to give Democrats  a chance in Congress to step up and fight for families all across  America who are being devastated by raging inflation. There is no  reason not to get this done.   My colleague objected to setting this point of order at 8 percent,  but certainly no one can object to saying that, at 12 percent  inflation, things need to change. Inflation over 12 percent would be an  even bigger emergency. We haven't seen the CPI that high since Jimmy  Carter.    Think about it this way: Things are really bad now, and 12 percent  inflation would be a 50-percent increase over the already sky-high  prices we are seeing today. Remember, we started at 3 percent. Now I am  offering my colleague a point of order that can only be triggered at 12  percent.   As in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of S. 4251, which is at the  desk. I further ask that the bill be considered read a third time and  passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table.    Mr. President, I am clearly disappointed that  we have had three opportunities to try to do something here that was  going to try to stop the reckless spending that is causing this  inflation.   I think all of us know that inflation is way too high. We also all  know that reckless government spending is driving up the cost of  inflation all across this country. I hope the Democrats in Washington  will start figuring out how we can get inflation under control. It  starts by living within our means. It starts by making sure that we  live within our budget and that we stop wasting money.   I yield the floor.   