 Mr. President, in reserving the right to object, I think  the points that the Senator from Kentucky is making are worthy. We are  facing a reality right now wherein there are lots of threats that are  increasing against public officials all around our country, and I  understand that.   This is not a bill that Senator Menendez and I just wrote and brought  to the floor. This is a bill that we worked through the committee  process. It was a long and arduous process that was done in a  bipartisan manner. During the discussion that the committee had, the  point that the Senator from Kentucky brought up was brought up as well.  There is a real concern about the safety and security of the Members of  this body. But with the understanding and the commitment that there  would be a bipartisan effort to work on this issue, every Senator on  the Judiciary Committee said we should let this go for right now. This  bill has been vetted; it has been worked over in a bipartisan manner;  and it is ready to pass.   Threats on the Federal judiciary have gone up 500 percent. I will  grant you, threats on Members of Congress have doubled, but the threats  on the Federal judiciary are rising, and we saw that in the case of  Justice Kavanaugh. This body thought it enough not to hold up the  protection of Supreme Court Justices in order to protect the 535 of us,  and we passed a bill to protect the Supreme Court Justices.   So here we now have a bill that has been vetted in committee, that  has been worked on in a bipartisan fashion, and has come out, and we  have a commitment. For the Senator from Kentucky to say that nothing  has been done is not right. We now have Senator Ted Cruz and Senator  Amy Klobuchar working a bill through committee, through regular order,  to make sure that we address the concerns that he is having.   This is my concern: Threats on the judiciary have gone up and are  significantly higher than on this body. To grind this bill to a halt  right now puts at risk members of the judiciary when we have the power  in this body to protect our brothers and sisters in that branch of  government.   Why would we stop when there is good will on the Judiciary Committee  to work on the concerns?   There are two people who are committed to this bill, and there are  verbal commitments from everyone. To stop this today creates a window  of vulnerability that we know is real because we just saw a threat on a  Supreme Court Justice.   For the sake of mercy, for the sake of caution, for the sake of the  protection of the people in the Federal judiciary, let's pass this  bill. I commit myself to joining with Senator Ted Cruz, to joining with  Senator Amy Klobuchar, to joining with Chairman Durbin and with Ranking  Member Grassley, who have also spoken of their willingness to work a  bill through regular order. That is what we should be doing.   Our job as Senators, if anything, first and foremost, is to protect  the lives of American citizens. We have a bill that is widely  bipartisan, that has proven to be urgent--a bill with a name of a young  man who was slaughtered in his home. To hold this bill up is cruel. It  is creating risk and jeopardy to people who serve in the judiciary. It  is wrong. It is wrong. It is wrong.  [[Page S2995]]    I ask my colleague, with all humility and with all compassion and  empathy, to please let this go. I commit to him that I will fight and  work with the bipartisan coalition that is working on ways to protect  the people in this body.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I literally turned to my staff and asked:  Has Senator Paul's staff reached out to us at all?   That is not the case.   Then, to characterize us as the opposition, we are not in opposition  to this bill. We are trying to protect Federal judges as is the  unanimous vote of the Judiciary Committee.   So this is very frustrating that we should stop this for the Supreme  Court Justices--the Senator has no objection to that--but, for some  reason, not for the other members of the judiciary. I just find that  problematic.   I am willing to meet with the Senator. I am not in opposition to his  bill. The meeting which would be had, I will do but with the two  sponsors of the bill to protect the U.S. Senate. But to hold up the  protection of other fellow citizens because we are not getting  protection, to me, does not mark the nobility of this body and the  self-sacrifice of this body.   I yield the floor.   