 Madam President, I was in the Chamber and heard Senator  Sanders' speech. I appreciate his passion about globalization and what  he and I--it brought back--and I spoke to him after he spoke. It  brought back to me the memories of standing shoulder to shoulder--he in  his second term, I in my first--against the North American Free Trade  Agreement and then a few years later standing shoulder to shoulder with  him in opposition to PNTR, Permanent Normal Trade Relations, with  China.   And we know what that meant, especially in my State and especially in  the industrial Midwest, especially in places that the Presiding Officer  represents and places like East St. Louis and downstate Illinois and so  much of the industrial plants that were steel, especially east of  Chicago and Indiana and Illinois.   We are on the verge of a big win for Ohio, a win that will create  jobs, will bring down prices, and bring home supply chains.   As a kid growing up in Ohio, I walked the halls of Johnny Appleseed  Junior High School with the sons and daughters of union workers:  electricians, electrical workers at Westinghouse, sons and daughters of  autoworkers from General Motors and machinists from Ohio Brass and  carpenters and pipefitters and electricians who built our city and  service these large companies.   But by the time I graduated from Mansfield Senior High School, those  plants were shutting down one after another. Why? Because corporate  America wanted cheap labor.   First, they went to anti-union States in the South. A plant might  shut down in Mansfield or Barberton, OH, and move to Alabama; a plant  might shut down in Shelby, OH, or Springfield, OH, and move to Georgia;  a plant might shut down in Toledo or in Wadsworth, OH, and move to  North Carolina or Arkansas or Virginia. They went to anti-union States.  They went to anti-union States with low wages. But do you know what?  Then those CEOs, all paying themselves a really, really good income,  raising--you could see already, then, the average pay for a worker. In  those days, when I was, I guess, in junior high school, a CEO made  about--the plant manager made about 25 times what the worker made or  even a smaller proportion of that. Now it is hundreds of times what  workers make because 25 times what workers made just wasn't enough for  a lot of these companies.   So then they shut down a lot of these factories in the anti-union,  right-to-work South, and they moved to Mexico. They wanted NAFTA to  pass--the North American Free Trade Agreement--so they could do it.  They wanted PNTR--the Permanent Normal Trade Relations with China--to  pass so they could go to China; always in the name of efficiency,  always in the name of we have just got to be more efficient, always in  the name of efficiency. As you know, Madam President, ``efficiency'' is  business school speak for ``pay our workers less.''   Those CEOs--and some of you remember these nicknames. These CEOs  earned the names of ``Chainsaw Al'' and ``John the Cutter'' and ``Larry  the Knife'' and ``Neutron Jack.'' To the CEOs themselves, they may kind  of like those names, but they were not bestowed on them out of respect;  they were given those nicknames because they were willing always to cut  the pay of workers in Mansfield, OH, and hurt those families and  partially destroy those communities. They were always willing to do  that. So their companies made more money, and they got bigger  paychecks, and all the executives in the corporate suites all did much,  much better. The workers didn't, the communities didn't, but who really  cared.  [[Page S3628]]    They lobbied Congress to make outsourcing easier, and politicians  were all too happy to do their bidding; first, with NAFTA, as I said,  then Permanent Normal Trade Relations with China. That transformation  hollowed out manufacturing in Ohio and parts of the Presiding Officer's  State in Illinois throughout the Midwest, and then--here is where it  hits us most poignantly in our face today--ended up with too long, too  fragile supply chains that stretched all over the world.   So, first, my friends' families, my friends' parents lost their jobs  and ended up in jobs making a third less or half less, and the  communities were never really--many of these communities never really  recovered, these proud communities. But now, today, everyone is paying  for those decisions to go overseas and to shut plants in Ohio and in  the United States to go overseas. Now everyone is paying with higher  prices.   Why? A big reason for the inflation we see today is decades of  offshoring our supply chains. We need to bring that production back  home.   That is what this bill is all about--investing more in America,  making more in America, particularly the most critical inputs that  cause the most problems right now, like semiconductors.   Think about that. Think about these American companies. They were  founded in America. The investment, the research was done in America,  but think about this technology that started in this country, was  probably patented in this country, was developed by Americans or  immigrants to our country, and got tax incentives from our country, but  then these companies began to move offshore.   Today, semiconductors that were invented in the United States, 90  percent of them are made overseas. We only make 10 percent of  semiconductors in this country. We make 10 percent of semiconductors,  but we make zero percent of the highest end semiconductors because  these companies all thought, Well, there are more profits overseas.  That is the hand we are dealt now.   Over the past year, Ohio manufacturers have faced severe shortages  and long waits for semiconductors. Ford and GM plants in Ohio are  forced to implement short-term plant closures because of chip  shortages.   Ohio manufacturers rely on semiconductors. They all suffer when there  is a shortage. Let me just list some of these companies. I believe I  have been in every one of these factories or these companies: Ford in  Lima, OH, a city just like Mansfield where I grew up; Ford in Avon  Lake, I used to live 3 miles from that plant; Jeep in Toledo, my wife  and I drive a Jeep made in America with union workers; Navistar in  Springfield; Whirlpool in Clyde, I have been to that plant maybe five  or six times, fought alongside them on enforcing trade rules; Kenworth  in Chillicothe; GE in Evandale, near Cincinnati; STERIS in Mentor;  Nucor in Marion; ArcelorMittal in Cleveland; Cleveland-Cliffs in  Toledo, in Coshocton, right across the river from Steubenville in  Weirton, WV. Half the workers there are Ohioans.   These businesses and their workers need chips. The United States  invented the semiconductor. We started the industry. Ninety percent are  made overseas. We allowed that to happen because of the corruption of  this place, where people were happy to vote to give tax breaks to  companies to move overseas for whatever reason. Too many Presidents,  from Trump all the way back to Clinton, went along with those corporate  interests as those companies betrayed us and moved overseas.   What does that mean today? It means higher prices; it means  backorders; and it means we are all paying too much for too many  products.   The CHIPS Act is about reshoring those supply chains, investing in  Ohio manufacturing, and bringing down prices for every American.   It is not enough to invent technology here. We have seen it over and  over. Take a look at the label on a phone, on any smartphone. It  probably says ``Developed in California,'' ``Made in China.''  ``Developed in California,'' that means the invention was in  California, the research was in California with U.S. investment of tax  dollars, one way or the other, but then they made it in China. Why?  Because they wanted cheap labor, and they can make more money by making  it in China. Now they raise the price because the supply chain is  spread all over the world.   So we get tech jobs in Silicon Valley but not the production jobs we  need throughout the country because, frankly, people on the coast don't  think a lot about what is happening in the internal part of the  country--and that is not good enough.   Our national security and our economic competitiveness depend on  having a vibrant domestic manufacturing sector, not just a tech  development sector on the coasts. When you outsource production, you  outsource innovation along with it.   We keep doing this. It is not like these companies where the  production is happening are stupid people. These are smart people too,  and they are going to take our inventions and our innovation--because  we know so much of innovation takes place on the shop floor--they are  going to pass us with their brainpower and their innovation and their  inventions.   Ohioans know that ideas and improvements come directly from the shop  floor. That is why we were so good at it in the forties and fifties and  sixties and seventies and eighties. It is why this bill invests in our  great asset, the greatest asset, American innovation, American workers.   It allows Intel to move forward in Columbus--10,000 good-paying jobs  up and down the supply chain. This historic investment is going to  impact far more than just Central Ohio. When you establish an industry  like this, it has ripple effects around the State, around the region,  and around the country. It is not just these jobs, it is the way they  attract other suppliers. They incubate talent that in turn attracts  other business, the way it used to be in this country. It is just the  beginning. We will see a lot more companies create a lot more jobs.  Ohioans know how to make things. We know what that means.    For our country, it is a decision to invest in American ingenuity,  American workers, American communities. It is a big win for Ohio. It is  a big win for the American industrial Midwest. It is a big win for our  country. It is what I have been fighting for my whole career: good- paying jobs. When you love this country, you fight for the people who  make it work.   More manufacturing innovation, more technology stamped ``Made in  Ohio''--it is how we bury the term ``Rust Belt.''   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   