 Madam President, in 1963, Americans could be  arrested in some States simply for buying birth control pills. Sixty  years later, if many States have their way, Americans may face that  reality once again.   The Supreme Court's overturning of Roe v. Wade is so sweeping, so  unprecedented that it now threatens the right to contraception. IUDs,  emergency contraceptives, and other birth control could well all be  banned, which seems hard to imagine. We are going backward in time to  when women did not have control of their own bodies, nor the freedom to  decide how and when they wanted to begin their families.   Who really believes that a woman shouldn't be able to use birth  control; that a woman shouldn't be able to decide whether or not she  wants to get pregnant; that a couple can't decide they aren't ready for  a family? How many children should each woman have? Should it be as  many as possible? Are they allowed to stop reproducing or is it a  lifelong duty? Politicians should not be making these decisions.   This is a bill that guarantees a woman's right to access legal  contraception. That is it. There is no trick, no sleight of hand. We  can pass it into law today. The House has passed it already.   Starting a family is among the most private and personal decisions a  person can make. It changes your life in ways that most of us can't  even imagine. Yet there are people who want to force this restriction  on women.   For women everywhere but especially in rural and low-income areas,  birth control is essential healthcare. If you want to prevent  unintended pregnancies, well, that is where you start.   When I was Governor, Colorado made long-acting, reversible  contraception, like IUDs, available at little or no cost. That reduced  unintended pregnancies by 54 percent--54 percent. Yet, now in Colorado,  some Republicans are campaigning to put an initiative on the ballot  this November that could make contraceptives illegal. Many other States  are considering similar moves with bills or amendments waiting in the  wings.    I think this is far, far beyond the mainstream of what most Americans  believe. In fact, 92 percent of Americans, in a recent Gallup poll,  said that contraception is morally acceptable.   My mother was born in 1921, a child of the Great Depression. She  scrimped and saved every penny, but she always, always made it a point  to make some donation to Planned Parenthood. Some years, it might only  be $10. But she believed there were few burdens harder for a woman to  bear than being compelled to start a family before she was ready. As a  mother of four, she knew how important it was for women to be able to  make that decision for themselves.  [[Page S3728]]    Who are we, as politicians, to tell American women who has children,  how many, and when?   I yield the floor.   