 Madam Speaker, I rise to oppose Representative  Steel's amendment.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Representative Steel and I share a lot of the same concerns about  China,  [[Page H952]]  in fact: its human rights record; unfair competition; its aggression in  the South China Sea, for example; its troublesome Belt and Road  Initiative. However, this amendment misstates how global climate  negotiations work.   The United Nations climate negotiations are designed to have  countries submit their own nationally determined climate mitigation  goals. They are designed this way to ensure that no one can tell  America what our climate policies should be. I would think that my  Republican colleagues would understand and support that.   We should be doing everything we can to pressure each country,  particularly China, which is the world's largest emitter of greenhouse  gasses, as the Representative mentioned, to upgrade its commitments and  commit to more ambitious nationally determined contributions.   The Biden administration and the Special Presidential Envoy for  Climate, Secretary John Kerry, have been clear that the People's  Republic of China must make stronger commitments to cutting its carbon  emissions.   The Government of China has said that they are targeting carbon  neutrality before 2060. Well, that is clearly too late. The world needs  to reach net zero by 2050 at the latest.   I completely agree that the United States must put pressure on China  to reach net zero at a faster pace, but arbitrarily tying it to our  timeline isn't the way to do that.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my  time.   Again, we agree that the United States should do everything possible  to put pressure on China to reduce emissions and to combat climate  change. However, this is a bad way to do it.   We can treat the climate challenge as an opportunity for America to  shine, to rise to the occasion and show the world that they can rely on  us, and that includes pressuring other nations to also combat climate  change.    Whether my colleagues across the aisle acknowledge it or not, the  world is transitioning to renewable energy and electric vehicles.   The choice we face is whether our Nation leads in this century as we  did in the last, or whether we allow others to lead instead.   My home State of Texas recognizes this. We may be the fossil fuel  capital of the United States, and have been for a long time, but we are  also the wind energy capital of the United States.   The task ahead of us is to pressure and verify to ensure China meets  its goals. We need to do that bilaterally, and we need to hold China  accountable in multilateral forums. This amendment only distracts from  that important task, and I urge my colleagues to oppose it.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   