 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, Mr. Costa, for yielding  this time. I thank my friend and the ranking member, Mr. Turner, for  his role in bringing this to the floor.   Mr. Speaker, as has been said over and over again, Vladimir Putin  made a terrible strategic and tragic miscalculation by illegally  invading the sovereign and democratic nation of Ukraine. His false  justification for that invasion was the supposed threat posed by NATO  expansion. His other false claim was that Russian Ukrainians were being  terrorized and threatened. Neither of those allegations was true.   Now, his actions have led directly, as Mr. Turner just pointed out,  and as Mr. Costa pointed out, to the opposite of what he intended. That  is, we are going to be adding two extraordinary members of the European  community, two countries that have shared our values, our democratic  values, our nation of laws values, and our humanitarian values with us  for literally over half a century.   Together, Finland and Sweden will add substantial capabilities to  NATO's collective defense and make the Baltic region much more secure  against Russian aggression. But much more than that, they will add  value, because of their values, to our alliance.   Mr. Speaker, I was in Denmark in April, meeting with senior  officials. I can attest that the addition of Finland and Sweden to the  NATO family will create a Scandinavian bloc--Denmark, Norway, Sweden,  and Finland--within NATO that will be more than the sum of its parts,  significantly contributing to the peace and stability of Europe and to  the security of all NATO nations, including the United States.   As I have said before, we must ensure that Putin's invasion will  result in a strategic defeat for Russia. I pause, Mr. Speaker, to  emphasize that point. Vladimir Putin must not win this war, not only  for the sake of the Ukrainians and their extraordinary bravery, and the  bravery and the leadership of Mr. Zelenskyy, their President, but  because the free world needs to send a very strong, clear, and  unmistakable message that tyranny will not prevail. We must send a  message to dictators around the world that this action is unacceptable  and will be opposed until victory by the free world.   We must defend the hard-won principle in international laws and norms  that a nation cannot simply invade and seek to conquer territory from a  neighbor by force. That was accepted for centuries, indeed, millennia,  but it is not acceptable today in a world of nuclear weapons, in a  world that has a United Nations that stands for the principle that no  nation can by force take the land of another nation.   I thank Representative Keating for his leadership on this resolution.   Mr. Speaker, I hope we can all come together, Democrats and  Republicans, as I think we will, in a resounding, unanimous vote to  show our support not only for Ukraine, which we have demonstrated over  and over again by votes of this House, but also for our new NATO  allies, the people of Finland and Sweden.   I thank the Prime Minister of Sweden, Magdalena Andersson, and the  Prime Minister of Finland, Sanna Marin, for their leadership in taking  what is in many respects a courageous stand.   The Finns, of course, have a very long border with Russia. They  believe, correctly, in my view, that their security is contingent, and  that is why they are joining NATO.   As we have reiterated time and time again, this House is committed to  honoring Article 5 of the NATO Charter.   Mr. Speaker, this is a good resolution that will stand us in good  stead as a nation and as a global community.   