 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Michigan for  yielding the time.   Madam Speaker, we find ourselves in a competition to lead in the 21st  century. And that is a competition that the United States cannot afford  to lose, and if we do what we should do here, will not lose.   A month ago, Vladimir Putin and Xi Jinping thought that America was  in decline, that America could no longer lead the world, and that they  could therefore simply overwhelm smaller states. They believed that  they could undermine the rules-based order whenever they chose.   Well, this incredible global coalition, binding and getting us  together, working with our allies, that President Joe Biden has put  together to condemn Russia and support the Ukrainian people, has proven  that their assertion is absolutely wrong. But the events of the past  month have underscored the need to position America for this challenge  on a long-term basis.   Therefore, it is absolutely critical that Congress get H.R. 4521 to  the President's desk. It is an investment in science, innovation, and  technology, which would allow us to excel in the global economy for  decades, bolster our domestic industry, and create jobs for American  workers.  [[Page H4050]]    Madam Speaker, I am proud that my bill, the EAGLE Act, serves as the  foreign affairs division of America COMPETES. It bolsters our diplomacy  to marshal a coalition of states to check the PRC's aggression, its  theft of technology, its shirking of global rules, and its gross  violation of human rights, of which we need to focus on.   And I know that if we put our minds to it, we can work together in a  bipartisan and bicameral way to finalize this critical legislation and  get it to the President's desk, and we must do it.   That is because our allies and partners in the Indo-Pacific are  watching. They need our help to bolster international rules, combat the  PRC's coercion, and address shared global challenges like climate  change. And after what we have seen in Ukraine, the people of Taiwan  are watching, to ensure that we deepen our economic ties, strengthen  its defense, and create greater space for Taiwan globally.   Hong Kongers and Uyghurs are also watching to make sure we get this  done because they urgently need the refugee protections that are in the  COMPETES Act. They need Congress to send a message to Beijing that its  genocide in Xinjiang, its destruction of Hong Kong's autonomy, and its  lack of regard for human rights will not stand.   