 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentlewoman's courtesy,  and I appreciate her leadership on this. And she is right.   Looking at these issues in a comprehensive fashion, we see  opportunities to not just save species, but to save money, and to deal  with serious consequences that we are seeing.   I am from the Pacific Northwest. We are in the middle of a climate  crisis. Last year, we had all-time records 3 days in a row for  temperatures. And that same week, in British Columbia, they set an all- time record for Canada. And in the city that they set it, it burned  down the next day.   Climate change, loss of habitat, severe weather, including wildfires,  and the spread of invasive species, are taking their toll on animals,  from fish and amphibians to birds and mammals.   As co-chair of the Animal Protection Caucus, I am particularly aware  of the importance of saving our at-risk wildlife species.   More than 1,600 are already listed as threatened or endangered under  the Endangered Species Act because of our failure to act.   Oregon alone is home to more than 50 of these threatened and  endangered species.  [[Page H5517]]    In States like Oregon, in partnership with Tribes, we have identified  thousands more species that are at-risk and need conservation  assistance.   With States and conservation partners working diligently to pass and  develop conservation plans, we can make a significant difference. But  we lack dedicated annual comprehensive funding to implement the plans  which would be cost-effective.   With this bill, the Federal Government is stepping up in full  partnership with the Tribes, with the conservation communities, and  wildlife advocates.   The Recovering America's Wildlife Act will provide more than a  billion dollars in dedicated annual funding for proactive, cost- effective model efforts, collaborative efforts by the States and Tribes  to recover and protect at-risk species.   I fear it is a false economy to sometimes engage in shortchanging  these efforts. The long-term cost to the environment, to our  communities, is immense. And I am pleased to support this legislation  because I think we can change this dynamic. I strongly urge people to  support its passage.   