 Madam Speaker, it is my honor to stand in this Chamber  tonight and to pay tribute to one of the longest serving and I think  one of the most effective Members to ever stand in this Chamber. Don  Young was not just the longest-serving Member, he was also a mentor and  a friend; and he is someone who will be dearly missed.   Outside of Don's service as a legislator, just sitting and talking  with him and hearing the stories of his life, he told me one time about  running a 100-mile trap line in the remote part of Alaska, and it was  like I was speaking to some character out of a novel or out of an  Outdoor Life magazine article. He seemed to have done everything.   It is the stories that I think we are going to remember from Don. He  passed very great legislation that had to do with everything from  fisheries to the Trans-Alaska Pipeline. He was behind that. But  everybody who knew Don will remember the stories. We asked some of  Don's former staff members if they could share stories, and I have got  many pages, too many to read, just treasures here.   I want to share one story from David Whaley, who was a staff member  for Don. He says one of my favorite Don Young stories is about the  original Magnuson-Stevens Act, then known as the Fisheries Conservation  and Management Act, or FCMA. The legislation extended U.S. jurisdiction  over fisheries out to 200 miles. Many people have heard the story about  the House passing the bill first and doing all the heavy lifting, and  then the Senators getting all the credit. But not many people know that  both the State Department and the Department of Defense were opposed to  extending our jurisdiction out to 200 miles.   In the old days, if the President was flying to a Member's district,  the Member would often be offered a ride on Air Force One back to the  district. After both the House and the Senate had passed the FCMA,  President Ford was flying somewhere that required a refueling stop in  Anchorage, so Congressman Young was offered a ride.   As it happened, the Secretary of State was also on board. After they  took off, the President asked Congressman Young into his office on the  plane and had the Congressman debate the merits of the legislation with  the Secretary of State. Congressman Young then got off the plane in  Anchorage not knowing what the President was going to do. As we all  know, the President signed the bill, and that is a story of how Don  Young out-debated Henry Kissinger.   What a remarkable career, what a remarkable man. I got the privilege  on my first trip to Alaska with Don to be on a fishing boat with him  for the day, and the only thing I regret is that we didn't have a video  camera recording all the stories. Those are things that I will cherish  about Don.   But I want to share a personal story that Don shared with me out here  on the House floor. A former member from Arkansas named Jay Dickey, who  Don thought the world of, was always telling people about his friend  Jesus, and after Jay died, Don just caught me on the floor and he said,  ``I want you to know something. Your predecessor told me about his  friend Jesus,'' and he said, ``And I put my trust in him, and some day  I am going to go see him.'' I thought about the Scripture in Romans  that says if you confess with your mouth that Jesus is Lord and believe  in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved.  That wasn't the conversation I was expecting to have with Don Young  that day, but I am glad he had that conversation because I know some  day I am going to see Don again. That is the way Don was. He told  stories that gave encouragement, he told stories that were reassuring,  and that was probably the most reassuring story that Don ever shared  with me.   We are going to miss him, but we can learn from his example. I again  thank the gentleman from Louisiana for hosting this Special Order.   