 Well, thank you. All I can say is, Sheldon, thank you.   John is no longer with us, but I think he is here in spirit at this  moment. If Senator McCain were here, there would be 27 MiGs they would  want to transfer because he would probably be in one, headed for  Ukraine.   The bottom line is, 20 days into this fight, we are all amazed at how  bad the Russians are doing and how well the Ukrainians are doing. And I  think what Senator Whitehouse is trying to remind us all of is that the  outcome of Ukraine really does matter to the world at large.   Senator McCain was known for his support of the transatlantic  alliance, a  [[Page S1210]]  rules-based society, a values-based world, and Putin has put that in  jeopardy.   So let's look at it this way. If Putin wins, Sheldon, then the  largest war criminal in the 21st century survives the dismemberment of  a neighboring democracy, slaughter of the innocents on a mass scale. If  he is still standing, I think China understands what to do with Taiwan  more clearly; the Iranians are more bold when it comes to their nuclear  ambitions; and the ripple effect in Asia and the Middle East will be  felt if Putin wins.   Now, if Putin loses and Ukraine wins--victory for Ukraine--I think it  would be the biggest change for the good since World War II. What would  it mean? It would mean that a murderous war criminal who tried to use  force of arms to impose his will on his neighbor lost. It would mean  that the good guys won and the bad guys lost, and China would have to  think twice about Taiwan.   How do we make sure victory for Ukraine is maximized? Only God knows  how this ends, but here is what I think we can do in working together,  with three lines of effort:   Economic and military aid. We have had a very robust package leave  the Congress. The President announced $800 million more in military aid  today. We have a difference about the MiGs, but otherwise we are pretty  much on the same sheet of music.   Sanctions against Russia. The war is not against the Russian people.  They are in many ways victims of Putin as much as anybody.  Unfortunately, the only way we can bring this to a conclusion and have  victory for Ukraine is to crush the Russian economy, so secondary  sanctions need to be on the table. Then, if China comes to Putin's aid,  they need to understand the consequences of that decision.   So we are all in on sanctions, and secondary sanctions are now in  play. The Ukrainian Ambassador asked me yesterday to broaden the  sanctions to Russian officials in different regions that are part of  Putin's war machine. President Zelenskyy asked for that today, too.   My good friend Sheldon Whitehouse has been speaking about victory  when nobody else hardly will, and I am here to say that victory for  Ukraine is victory for America; it is victory for the rule of law; and  it is victory for the post-World War II order that has led to historic  prosperity.   Three lines of effort: military assistance, including MiGs; economic  aid--fuel, food, humanitarian airlift if that is feasible; crushing  sanctions; labeling Putin the war criminal that he is; and letting  every Russian military commander know that, if you pick his side and  you carry out these war crimes against the Ukrainian people, we are  coming after you.   Senator Whitehouse and myself met with the British Foreign Secretary  and Ambassador to create a joint effort, an intel cell, to collect  information about Russian units engaged in war crimes in Ukraine and  start putting the commander's name out for the world to understand so  they will know that we are watching them.   How does this end? The Russian people end the reign of terror in  Putin. It is in their hands. I encourage them to do it.   Finally, if there has been one voice on kleptocracy, it is Sheldon's.  He has got it on climate change. He is determined to see that issue  through to the end, but Senator Whitehouse was talking about  kleptocracy long before the invasion. So we are introducing together  the Asset Seizure for Ukraine Reconstruction Act, which is an effort by  our government, joining with international partners, to get every yacht  we can get, raid every bank account we can find, take the money away  from the thieves, and give it back to the Ukrainian people and  eventually to the Russian people.   What Senator Whitehouse and I are trying to do in a bipartisan  fashion is to make the war real to the oligarchs. Without the  oligarchs, there is no Putin. It is time for them to enjoy the  experience of having their assets that they stole taken away from them.  ``Enjoy'' is maybe not the right word. It is time for us to enjoy the  sight of Russian oligarchs having their property taken that they  achieved through thievery. It is time for us to start putting people in  jail who engaged in the mass theft of the Russian people.   Victory for Ukraine is possible, I think, if we are all in on  sanctions, if we are all in on labeling, naming, and shaming people  around Putin as war criminals in order to break their will, and if we  begin to pour it on when it comes to regaining control of the skies.   I am not for a NATO no-fly zone because I think that would put us in  a situation with NATO and Russia that I am not comfortable with right  now, but I am for Ukraine controlling their skies, a no-fly zone  enforced by the Ukrainian military. That is why I want more anti- aircraft systems and the MiGs.   The bottom line here is that victory for Ukraine is possible because  I think the Russian people and the Russian military are really not into  this. I think the world is coalescing around the idea that if Putin  wins, it is bad for us all. Now is the time. This is the most  historically significant moment since the end of World War II for the  continent of Europe and for freedom itself and for the rule of law.   If we can pull this off, then those who come after us will be very  pleased with our efforts. If we fail, future generations will wonder  ``What the hell were you doing?'' just like we all wonder how Hitler  could have gotten so strong and nobody stopped him when they could  have.   Let it be said in this moment of history that Senator Whitehouse,  Senator Graham, and many others, particularly the Ukrainian people,  believe not only is victory for Ukraine possible, it is absolutely  necessary.   With that, I turn it back over to my colleague.   