 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the previous  question so that we can immediately consider H.R. 6858, the American  Energy Independence from Russia Act.   Just 1 year ago, our country was comfortably meeting our energy  needs, and we were a net exporter of energy for the first time in 50  years. However, under the Biden administration, we have seen a  continued assault on American energy that has killed jobs, increased  our dependency on foreign energy sources, and most recently jeopardized  our national security.   The administration continues to block new oil and gas lease sales  from moving forward, all while placing undue regulatory burdens on  American energy development. Just this week, President Biden proposed  $45 billion worth of tax increases on fossil fuels in his budget to  further weaken America's ability to power our country.   These proposed tax increases are just another example of the  administration doubling down on the anti-American-produced energy  policies that have sent prices skyrocketing here at home. The  administration's energy agenda has not only undermined our country's  energy security, but has also forced our European allies to become even  more dependent on Russia to meet their energy needs.   Instead of turning to America's own energy sector to meet our energy  needs, this administration is asking countries like Iran and Venezuela  to compensate for the ban on Russian imports and ignoring American  energy producers. In doing so, they are prioritizing oil produced by  dictators over American energy producers who support jobs and  businesses here at home.   The administration must reverse course and stop depending on foreign  dictators to ship oil to the United States.   Mr. Speaker, now is the time to flip the switch and reduce our  dependence on foreign energy by unleashing American energy. I urge a  ``no'' vote on the previous question.    Madam Speaker, we all share the same goal of lowering  the cost of prescription drugs, especially insulin. But H.R. 6833  doesn't get to the actual factors that drive the pricing.   The bill before us today is just another attempt by Democrats in  Washington to pass a political solution and set Federal price controls.  And once they open that door, what happens when they don't stop with  insulin? What happens when they decide to move on past healthcare, set  price controls on other sectors of our economy?   Why not cap what you can sell your house for in order to get the cost  of housing down? Congress can't be for government price controls, as  that is a slippery slope.   Now, some of my colleagues may bring up the fact that Republicans'  bipartisan alternative, H.R. 19, also caps seniors' out-of-pocket  costs. But let me point out the distinction, it is Medicare part D.   H.R. 6833 caps Medicare part D and private health plans. That is a  direct, government price control on private companies.   Madam Speaker, I am a doctor. I am also the co-chair of the House  Kidney Caucus. I have an acute understanding of how expensive  prescription drugs are and the need for Congress to act. However, I  also understand that it is a structural issue and simply slapping price  controls on it would not actually solve the problem. This will only  raise premiums and shift the costs to patients with other diseases.   Thankfully, there is a better way. H.R. 19, the Lower Costs, More  Cures Act is a truly bipartisan solution to lower costs of all  prescription drugs, including insulin. The bill caps out-of-pocket  costs on prescription drugs in Medicare part D for seniors, allows high  deductible health plans to cover insulin before the deductible kicks  in, increases low-cost options by bringing more generic and biosimilar  competition to the marketplace, and increases drug price transparency  for patients. And the best part: Every provision is bipartisan.  [[Page H4037]]    So let's get back to working together on bipartisan solutions that  actually lower drug prices rather than resort to government price  controls and a march towards government-run healthcare.   Madam Speaker, if we adopt the motion to recommit, we will instruct  the Committee on Energy and Commerce to consider my amendment to H.R.  6833, which is H.R. 19, the Lower Costs, More Cures Act of 2022.   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the table of  contents of this amendment in the Record immediately prior to the vote  on the motion to recommit.     Madam Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   