 Madam Speaker, I thank Chair Maloney and Ranking Member  Comer for the great work they have done on this bill.   As the son of a postal worker, my mom; as the brother of two postal  workers, my sisters Karen and Linda; and as a nephew and cousin to  about at least a dozen more, especially Pat Morris, my favorite, I rise  in strong support of H.R. 3076, the Postal Service Reform Act of 2022.   This landmark reform agreement will finally place our most trusted  government institution on a path toward financial viability. It is the  product of bipartisan collaboration and meaningful stakeholder input.  It focuses solely on fundamental reform areas that have long been the  subject of bipartisan and stakeholder consensus.   To that end, H.R. 3076 repeals the onerous mandate in current law  requiring the Postal Service to prefund retiree health benefits years  before it is necessary.   The agreement also integrates postal retiree health benefits with  Medicare to ensure that all postal workers receive the benefits that  they have already paid for, a total of more than $35 billion over the  last 40 years.   Moreover, this legislation codifies our support for an integrated  network through which nearly 650,000 dedicated clerks, mail handlers,  letter carriers, supervisors, and postmasters process and deliver mail  and packages to the American people at least 6 days a week, even amid a  global pandemic.   I want to acknowledge the tireless contributions of our employee  partners, especially the unions, in this effort, including President  Fred Rolando of the National Association of Letter Carriers, Paul  Hogrogian of the National Postal Mail Handlers Union, President Ronnie  Stutts of the National Rural Letter Carriers' Association, and  President Mark Dimondstein of the American Postal Workers Union.   I also want to recognize Kori Blalock Keller, Jim Sauber, Paul  Swartz, Katie Maddocks, Brian Young, and Judy Beard, and the  irreplaceable Bob Losi, my great pal and union brother, and all their  staffs for their good work.   Again, I commend Chairwoman Maloney, Ranking Member Comer, Chairman  Connolly, Representative Lawrence, and our dear departed friend Elijah  Cummings, who put a lot of time in on this, for their great work.   I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support H.R. 3076.   