 Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my amendment to reverse the fiscal  year 2018 NDAA provision restricting U.S. funds to the Comprehensive  Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty Organization's Preparatory Commission, also  known as the CTBTO's PrepCom.   As the only physicist in Congress, I feel a special responsibility to  speak out on the importance of strengthening our global nuclear  security architecture and maintaining U.S. leadership in this area.   The Preparatory Commission is tasked with monitoring countries'  compliance with the comprehensive ban on nuclear explosive testing,  including onsite inspections.   Before the PrepCom funding ban went into place, the U.S. experts  regularly provided training to the PrepCom's international team of  inspectors and worked with our international partners to continually  refine the state-of-the-art methods used in these inspections.   When the funding ban was enacted, it removed our ability to continue  this work, which resulted in Russia, China, and even Iran stepping in  to fill the gap. Their efforts may be more focused on dumbing down the  capability of PrepCom's verification regime, instead of strengthening  it under U.S. leadership.   President Trump recognized the importance of nonproliferation and of  oversight into our adversaries' nuclear testing. He worked for years at  attempting to negotiate the dismantlement of North Korea's nuclear  testing and development program. Although it failed in the end, it was  not a dumb thing to attempt.   If a final deal had been reached, onsite inspections by a trusted  international team of technically competent inspectors would have been  a key factor, and that is what PrepCom is and what it should be under  renewed U.S. leadership.   As our Nation fights against the unprovoked Russian aggression in  Ukraine, and China and Iran's increasing belligerence, repealing this  funding ban, and getting the PrepCom out from under our adversaries'  control and back into U.S. control has never been more important.   As a Nation, we must continue our efforts to reduce the threat of  nuclear weapons and continue longstanding commitments to our allies.   Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Tennessee (Mr. Cooper).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I would just like for the Members on the other side to ask  themselves: assume that President Trump had succeeded at his  negotiations with North Koreans, that would have required a technically  competent team of international inspectors there the day after the  agreement to make sure that there was not testing and other weapons- related activities. This is why you keep the PrepCom alive and working  and under U.S. leadership. It makes the U.S. stronger, safer, and more  able to deliver on the treaties that I think all of us hope may some  day be passed to actually reduce and eventually eliminate nuclear  weapons.    So until that time, we have to have a competent team in place. They,  unfortunately, have to be international if they are going to be trusted  by all sides on this. That is why it is important to keep the PrepCom  as strong as we can, and it has to be under our leadership.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   