 Mr. Speaker, today, we have the opportunity to pass  landmark legislation to make our communities across America safe, to  reduce crime and save lives.   I am elated that the legislation I authored, the Break the Cycle of  Violence Act, is receiving a floor vote today and will pass.   I give special thanks to my colleagues, Representatives Robin Kelly,  Lucy McBath, Lisa Blunt Rochester, and   Joe Neguse for working around  the clock with me on this legislation, and Chairwoman Beatty for her  strong leadership.   Crime and violence don't happen in a vacuum. It happens when people  lose hope and don't see opportunity in their lives or readily available  in their communities. For decades, politicians in this Chamber have  stoked fear about urban crime to divide us, while refusing to invest in  real solutions.   Let me be clear, my father was shot and killed when I was a teenager.  So this is not about politics for me; it is personal. That is why we  have to focus on preventing crime before it ever starts. That is what  the Break the Cycle of Violence Act will do.    It invests $5 billion in funding for anti-violence programs and $1.5  billion to provide workforce training and job opportunities for youth  ages 16 to 24. This money will invest in proven, community-based  violence intervention programs to build safer communities. This is  about saving lives and preventing crime, and our constituents are  counting on us to get it done.   Mr. Speaker, I stand here today as I prepare to cast a vote in favor  of the Break the Cycle of Violence Act, historic legislation that will  reduce crime and save lives so that so many people in our community  don't have to experience the pain that I have.   Every day, 110 Americans are killed with guns and over 200 are shot  and wounded.    Today, gun violence remains the leading cause of  premature death for Black men as well as the number two cause of  premature death for Latino men and Black women.   Mr. Speaker, I am casting my vote for my father; for my constituent,  Sean'Jerrion Coleman, a youth leader in Las Vegas; and so many other  Americans throughout the country.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Greg Jackson at Community Justice Action Fund;  Pastor Troy Martinez in Las Vegas; Erica Ford; Giffords: Courage to  Fight Gun Violence--some many other groups--Everytown for Gun Safety;  Brady: United Against Gun Violence; and Moms Demand Action.   Let's pass H.R. 4118 and break the cycle of violence. This is about  supporting and funding the communities that need law enforcement.   