 Mr. President, I would like to talk today about a health  epidemic that is claiming the lives of tens of thousands of Americans  each year. I am speaking about the epidemic of suicide.   I will talk more about this in detail in a moment, but if there is  one thing I would like those listening to my remarks to remember is the  number 9-8-8--9-8-8, because 9-8-8 is a three-digit number for the  National Suicide Prevention Lifeline.   If you need help, please dial 9-8-8.   Over the last several years, we have all observed the increasing  mental health needs in our country. Indeed, the isolation of the COVID- 19 pandemic made those needs more pronounced, particularly among  children, adolescents, and young adults.   In October 2021, the American Academy of Pediatrics, the American  Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry, and the Children's Hospital  Association--organizations representing experts in children's mental  health--declared a national emergency in child and adolescent mental  health. According to these organizations, ``Rates of childhood mental  health concerns and suicide rose steadily between 2010 and 2020 and by  2018 suicide was the second leading cause of death for youth ages 10- 24. The pandemic has intensified this crisis: across the country we  have witnessed dramatic increases in Emergency Department visits for  all mental health emergencies including suspected suicide attempts.''   According to the National Alliance on Mental Illness, nearly 20  percent of high school students report serious thoughts of suicide, and  about 9 percent have tried to take their own lives.   During the pandemic, children faced challenges we couldn't have  imagined just a few years ago. Children isolated from their friends and  family members to limit the spread of COVID-19. But this meant that  many children were separated from loved ones and other trusted adults  like teachers who can help keep kids safe. And kids were isolated from  their peers, impeding social learning and development. And in these  tough times, rates of domestic violence and child abuse tend to  increase. On top of all these challenges, more than 140,000 children in  the United States lost a caregiver to COVID-19. And it is no wonder  that so many of our children and young adults are in crisis.   These hardships are not unique to young people. Adults are feeling  them as well. Regrettably, suicide remains the leading cause of death  in the United States. In 2020, suicide claimed the lives of 45,979  Americans, according to the latest data from the CDC. This is about one  death every 11 minutes. More people died by suicide in 2020 than in  motor vehicle accidents. The number of people who think about or  attempt suicide is even higher. In 2020, an estimated 12.2 million  American adults seriously thought about suicide, 3.2 million planned a  suicide attempt, and 1.2 million attempted suicide.    Now, there are no easy solutions, but there are things we can do to  prevent suicide and improve access to mental health treatment. And we  have made some progress. Almost two decades ago, we passed legislation  to ensure parity in insurance coverage for mental and behavioral  health. We have more work to do to enforce the law, but it was an  important first step. And one of the most significant investments we  have made in mental healthcare was in passing the Affordable Care Act.  We expanded health insurance coverage for millions of Americans and  made sure that coverage included mental and behavioral care, which was  often excluded from health insurance before the ACA.   We need to do more though. More and more people need mental and  behavioral healthcare and do not have the resources to get such care.  And those with the resources find that there aren't enough providers to  see them, even with good healthcare insurance. There simply aren't  enough clinicians for the need. And lastly, we need to better help  people in crisis. We can't get people into effective care for the long  term if we haven't stopped the immediate crisis. That is why suicidal  prevention efforts are so critical.   As I alluded to earlier, last weekend, the National Suicide  Prevention Lifeline made the switch from its longstanding 10-digit  number to an easy-to-remember 3-digit number, 9-8-8.   In 2019, I joined my colleagues Senators Tammy Baldwin and Jerry  Moran and former Senator Cory Gardner in introducing legislation  requiring this switch. Our bill was signed into law the next year, and  we have been working since then to make sure that 9-8-8 has the funding  to be able to handle the influx of new callers. It is estimated that  the Lifeline will receive millions more calls with the new number, so  we need trained people on the other end of the line ready to get people  the help that they need.   When we started this effort, the Lifeline only received about $7  million in Federal funding each year. Last year, with the help of  President Biden, Chair Murray and Chairman Leahy, we were able to  secure nearly $300 million for the Lifeline, and we are working to get  the number up to $700 million next year. This level of funding will  help ensure that calls are answered quickly and locally so that people  calling can talk to someone from their State who will know exactly  where to find nearby resources. We are also working toward a system in  which mobile response teams can respond in real time and be deployed to  help people in crisis who call.   While the switch to 9-8-8 over the weekend was a huge step forward,  we are just beginning to build a much broader system to help people in  crisis across the country. I introduced the National Suicide Prevention  Lifeline Improvement Act with Senator Moran last year to help move the  Lifeline toward a more comprehensive system. The Health, Education,  Labor, and  [[Page S3360]]  Pensions Committee passed this bipartisan bill unanimously almost a  year ago. It is time for the full Senate to take it up and pass it.   Senator Moran, I must point out, has been a true leader in these  efforts. Recently, we have teamed up in introducing the Suicide  Prevention Act to try and intervene with those who may be in crisis but  may not know to call 9-8-8 or reach out otherwise. The Suicide  Prevention Act would fund prevention programs in hospital emergency  departments to better screen for suicide or mental health crises. This  is important because over 90 percent of people who attempt suicide have  seen a healthcare provider--often a visit to a hospital, particularly  an emergency room--in the weeks and days prior to their attempt. As  these people are accessing the healthcare system, the mental health  issues that really are driving them to seek medical attention are often  overlooked. There are evidence-based strategies that healthcare  professionals can employ to intervene before it is too late, but they  need the training and the resources in order to do so. The bill would  also strengthen data collection on suicide so we can better direct  resources where they are needed most.   We also need to respond to the challenges facing young people. Back  in 2004, I joined my former colleague Senator Gordon Smith in  introducing the Garrett Lee Smith Memorial Act, which was named for his  son Garrett, who tragically lost his life to suicide the day before his  22nd birthday. This tragedy drove home the realization that suicide and  mental health crises are so common among young people.   Our legislation authorized new funding for youth suicide prevention  programs in States and on college campuses. Since it was first enacted,  the Garrett Lee Smith Memorial Act has delivered roughly $750 million  in suicide prevention funding nationally. And I am pleased that Senator  Lisa Murkowski, another longstanding partner and champion on this  issue, joined me in introducing the reauthorization of this law so we  can continue funding programs to support youth and young adults.   Mental health and suicide have for too long been subjects that have  been difficult to talk about, much less confront. In meeting the  challenge of this mental health crisis, we must be relentless. We  cannot just do one thing or even a few things because there is no  single solution.   A few days ago, President Biden signed the Bipartisan Safer  Communities Act, which included new resources for mental healthcare,  including an additional $150 million for implementation of 9-8-8 and  billions of dollars for other mental health services such as the  nationwide expansion of the Certified Community Behavioral Health  Clinic model. But that cannot be the end of our work.   Each of the efforts and bills I have mentioned represent our  continuing and unfinished work. They would add another layer to help  prevent suicide and strengthen our mental healthcare system.   So I urge my colleagues to work with me and my colleagues like  Senator Moran and Senator Murkowski to pass the Suicide Prevention Act,  the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline Improvement Act, the Garrett  Lee Smith Memorial Act reauthorization, and to undertake many other  efforts spearheaded by my colleagues. We should move forward with these  measures without delay to prevent another 45,000 Americans from falling  victim to suicide.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Kiana Kekoa, a  Coast Guard fellow in my office, be granted privileges of the floor for  the remainder of the 117th Congress.   