 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding the  time.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in full support of the Inflation  Reduction Act. There are few days during a congressional career that  feel truly historic. For me this is one of them. We have passed other  historic legislation to help our economy overcome the pandemic, create  jobs, repair and invest in our infrastructure, and bolster critical  supply chains. Passage of the Inflation Reduction Act, however, will  lead to the transformative change Democrats in Congress have been  working with President Biden to achieve for the past year and a half.   The Inflation Reduction Act will check inflation by reducing the  deficit by $300 billion over the next decade. It achieves that by  ensuring tax fairness that requires corporations to pay a minimum tax  of 15 percent and protecting families making less than $400,000 a year  from paying even one penny more in taxes.   In addition, the Inflation Reduction Act will assist families by  extending subsidies for the purchase of health insurance through the  Affordable Care Act. Seniors on Medicare will benefit from the  government's ability to negotiate prescription drug prices and by  capping out-of-pocket drug costs at $2,000 per year.   Having experienced my late wife's 30-year battle with diabetes, I am  especially pleased this bill would cap insulin costs at $35 per month  for those on Medicare.   This is a giant step forward, but we will continue working to  overcome the Republican opposition that blocks extending the same  lifesaving measures to those on private insurance.   Finally, this bill will cut climate pollution by 40 percent by 2030.  It does so by building a new, clean energy economy that invests in a  healthy future for all our citizens, creating more than 9 million new  jobs.   This legislation creates a nuclear production tax credit for existing  reactors, ensuring that my home State of South Carolina continues to be  a leader in clean energy generation while also making electricity  affordable and accessible.   It also puts $60 billion toward environmental justice to help  communities, especially communities of color, address the legacy of  pollution in their neighborhoods.   I believe today we are demonstrating what we Democrats mean when we  say we are putting people over politics, while our Republican  colleagues continue to put their politics over the people's health and  well-being.   Madam Speaker, I am proud to stand with the people of America and  help with this bill.   