 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from Mississippi (Mr.  Palazzo) for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize those who have faithfully  served and are serving in our National Guard units.   Dating back to 1636, the Guard has a proud history and has shaped and  defended our great Nation. In my home State of Texas, 199 years ago,  Stephen F. Austin formed the Texas Militia, now known as the Texas Army  National Guard, and 100 years later, the Texas Air National Guard was  established. Since their inception, these courageous servicemembers  have been first responders to many natural disasters; many in my own  district where we routinely seem to have hurricanes. They have helped  to maintain civil order, and they have deployed to the southern border  to protect our sovereignty.   But their service doesn't stop there. The Guard augments our Active- Duty military offering complete warfighting capability at only 30  percent of the cost. At a moment's notice, they respond to the call of  our country.   In southeast Texas, Mr. Speaker, you will find the 147th Attack Wing  at Ellington Field where they fly the MQ-9 Reaper and are combat  mission-capable and proven, ready to provide critical ISR and air-to- ground strike capability. Additionally, they have responded to the  crisis at the border and played a vital role in storm preparation and  recovery. The 147th is a prime  [[Page H4909]]  example of the benefit of the National Guard, and I have no doubt that  this wing will continue to succeed and lead into the future.   Speaking of the future, we must create a Space National Guard  mirroring the newest branch of our military. Focusing on missile  warning, space intel, electronic warfare, satellite C2, and many other  capabilities, the collaboration between Active Duty and the Space Guard  would seamlessly provide ops and mission support from above.   As a former member of the Texas Army National Guard, I stand firmly  behind the guardsmen who are willingly called upon at any moment with  every capability to do any job, including in space, and I offer my  heartfelt admiration and appreciation.   