 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, today is an important day. This is the  day that we are going to take up toxic exposure in the U.S. Senate. It  is a day that, quite frankly, should have been two decades ago, three  decades ago, five decades ago, but we are where we are.   The bill we are going to be considering is the SFC Heath Robinson  Honoring Our PACT Act. This bill is the most comprehensive toxic  exposure package for veterans Congress has ever considered and  hopefully I can say has ever delivered. It has literally been years in  the making.   I am especially proud of this bill because it addresses decades of  inaction and failure by our government to do the right thing by the men  and women who have served this country in uniform and stood in harm's  way.   I want to thank my friend and ranking member of the Senate Veterans'  Affairs Committee, Jerry Moran, for being able to work together across  the aisle to deliver what is truly a bipartisan bill that will give  veterans of all eras the benefits that they have earned but maybe even  more importantly, the benefits that they deserve.   As chairman of the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee, there have  been few issues as important as this one is to me. It has been a top  priority of mine since I first came to Congress and started hearing  from veterans, their families, their advocates, and veterans service  organizations about exposures  [[Page S2799]]  to chemical, physical, and environmental hazards as they serve this  country in the line of duty. So let's talk about military toxic  exposures and why we are here today.   In World War I, there was a thing called mustard gas. In World War  II, we had radiation. In Vietnam, we had Agent Orange. Now we have burn  pits--massive areas used to dispose of plastics, rubber, jet fuel, and  other chemicals in Iraq and Afghanistan and other locations around the  globe.   Generation after generation, war after war, servicemembers have  returned home, only to face yet another battle here at home when  seeking the care and the benefits that they have earned and that they  desperately need because Washington--we, Congress--has been unwilling,  simply unwilling to give the Department of Veterans Affairs the tools  they need to take care of our veterans. Our men in uniform answered the  call of duty. They held up their end of the bargain, so we need to hold  up ours.   I will never forget what I heard from a Vietnam veteran in Montana my  very first year on the VA Committee. I was holding a townhall meeting.  This gentleman stood up in the back of the room at the townhall, and he  said: You are not going to treat this generation of veterans the way  you treated us, the Vietnam veterans.   I remember it because it hit home with me. I remember those Vietnam  soldiers coming home. I remember the stories of toxic exposure to Agent  Orange. I remember how we knew what we needed to do, but, man, it took  us a long time to get stuff done. In fact, we still are dealing with  Agent Orange, and it is dealt in this bill with hypertension.   But here we are today treating this generation of veterans just like  we treated the Vietnam veterans and other generations of veterans who  have served this country. As a result of turning a blind eye on the  needs of our veterans, they have died, they have died, and they have  died due to toxic exposure.   Here are the facts. More than 3\1/2\ million post-9/11 veterans may  have been exposed to toxic substances overseas during their time in  uniform. Seventy-five percent of those men and women report being  exposed to burn pits. As a result of these exposures, many veterans  suffered from rare, deadly cancers, respiratory conditions, and other  illnesses--let me say it again: rare but deadly cancers and respiratory  conditions and other illness--sometimes developing years after they  served in the military.   Now, it is easy for me to stand up here and talk about cancer--I  don't have it; at least I don't think I have it--and talk about  respiratory conditions. I don't have to gasp for air. But the truth is,  because of these men and women's service to this country in the Middle  East and their exposures to toxins, they have developed these illnesses  or if what happens with all the past ones, they will develop them in  the future. Because of that, today, hundreds of thousands are going  without the care and the benefits they need to treat these conditions.   By the way, we are still not addressing Agent Orange for veterans  suffering from conditions like hypertension, where the science is  clear, and in the worst cases, folks are paying with their lives.   Veterans and heroes like SFC Heath Robinson, for whom this bill is  named--Heath deployed to Kosovo and Iraq with the Ohio National Guard,  was exposed to burn pits, and he died. He died in 2020 from toxic  exposure. SFC Heath Robinson--he was a son; he was a husband; he was a  father. In fact, we heard from his daughter this morning at a press  conference that Senator Moran was at--a beautiful little girl who, in  her words, said: I love my dad. But yet we didn't step up. The country  failed to deliver for him, and we also failed to deliver for his  family. The situation has happened with far, far, far too much  regularity, and that is why we are here dealing with this bill.   The SFC Heath Robinson Honoring Our PACT Act will right the wrong for  our past, for our present, and for our future veterans. Here is how it  is done:   This bill will expand eligibility for VA healthcare to more than 3\1/ 2\ million combat veterans exposed to burn pits since 9/11.   By the way, when I was in Afghanistan and we were flying around with  my good friend Jim Webb when he was in this body, we flew to the bases  based on the smoke coming out of these burn pits.    The toxic exposure was real, it happened, and it happened to 3.5  million combat veterans exposed to since 9/11.   It will support our post-9/11 and Vietnam-era veterans by removing  the burden of proof for 23 presumptive conditions caused by toxic  exposure, from cancers to lung disease. It will also establish a  framework for the establishment of future presumptions of service  connection related to toxic exposures. What does this mean? It means  that we have had toxic exposures for over 100 years and maybe even  before that, and it has taken an act of Congress to get these folks the  benefits they need. Now we are giving the VA the mechanism to deal with  toxic exposure.   It will give the VA the tools it needs to bolster its workforce, to  establish more healthcare facilities, to improve claims processing, and  to better meet the immediate and future needs of every veteran our VA  serves.   The bottom line is, this bill is far too important for this country  and for those who fought to protect it.   When it comes to our fighting men and women, when it comes to sending  our folks off to war, we never talk about money; we just do it because  we think it is the right thing to do. They are coming back. This bill  is going to cost $287.6 billion over 10 years, so it is a big-ticket  item. But the fact is, we sent them off to war. We told them we were  going to take care of them when they came back home. There shouldn't be  a debate about the money.   I would agree that we should try to figure out ways to pay for as  much stuff in this body as we can, but the truth is, freedom is not  free. There is a price to pay when we send our men and women in uniform  to fight wars on our behalf, and you don't have to be a veteran or be  exposed to Agent Orange or burn pits to understand that price.   We have been waging war for far too long, and now, right now,  veterans across this country are the ones paying for that cost of war,  and we can't wait any longer. No more empty promises. We have a unique  opportunity to make history with the passage of this comprehensive  toxic exposure package that will recognize our veterans' service and  their sacrifice. We are too close to fail. It is time for this body to  act. It is time we address the true cost of war. Our Nation's veterans  and their families are counting on it.   I want to close with one thing. This is a big bill. I have been in  this body long enough to know that if there is a big bill, you can  always find a reason to vote against it, and you can always find a  reason to vote for it. This is more important. If we are going to take  into account the future of our fighting men and women, the future of  this All-Volunteer military we have, the future of the people who have  been hit by toxic exposure, the future of our Vietnam veterans with  Agent Orange exposure, this is too important to find a reason to vote  against it. This is doing right by our fighting men and women in this  country. This is doing right by our military. This is doing right for  freedom and democracy.   Our Nation's veterans deserve this, and maybe just as important, our  Nation's veterans' families deserve passage of this bill.   With that, I will yield the floor to the ranking member, Senator  Moran.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   