 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4622 to  designate the Roseville, Ohio, post office as the Ronald E. Rosser Post  Office.   The second oldest of 17 siblings, Ron Rosser had a sense of duty to  his family and country. First enlisting in the United States Army in  1946, Mr. Rosser served as a paratrooper for 3 years before returning  home to Ohio to work as a coal miner.   In February of 1951, he learned that his brother, Richard Rosser, was  killed while fighting in the Korean war and immediately reenlisted to  avenge his death.   In Korea, Rosser served as a forward observer, attached to an  infantry division in the area known as the Iron Triangle. At 20 degrees  below zero, they were sent on a mission to raid a Chinese Communist- held mountaintop outpost and to dismantle their winter apparatus.   Tragically, the operation went south, as Mr. Rosser's group was met  with fierce enemy fire. Heavily outnumbered, Rosser charged up the  mountain with just a rifle and one grenade. He was able to suppress  hundreds of enemy soldiers and returned to the bottom of the hill to  advise the captain to withdraw. Despite his wounds, he scaled the  mountain--directly into opposing fire--several more times to rescue  fellow soldiers. His actions that day were the embodiment of courage,  valor, and patriotism.   Upon his return home, Rosser was awarded the Medal of Honor in a  White House Rose Garden ceremony by President Harry S. Truman. Rosser  worked as a letter carrier for the United States Postal Service,  advocated for veterans, and was inducted into the Ohio Veterans Hall of  Fame.   Sadly, Mr. Rosser passed away at the age of 90 in August of 2020.  Army Sergeant 1st Class Ronald E. Rosser was an American war hero and a  Muskingum County icon who saved countless American lives during the  Korean war and serves as an inspiration for us today and will for many  generations to come.   It was an honor and a blessing for me to personally know Mr. Rosser.  I thank Chairwoman Maloney and Mr. Keller for their support in moving  this bill forward. I urge a ``yes'' vote on H.R. 4622.   