 Madam Speaker, if House Democrats were so worried about  violence, they wouldn't open the borders, open the prisons, and then  disarm law-abiding Americans who want to protect themselves and protect  their families.   Chairman Nadler says that Republicans shouldn't lecture about  constitutional rights, but it was the last Democrat speaker, Mr.  Cicilline, who in the House Judiciary Committee said, Spare me the  bullshit about constitutional rights. So pardon us for standing up for  the Constitution and the very due process that ensures that we are able  to have a civil, functioning society in this country.   Speaker Pelosi asks the question: Well, if you knew when the next act  of violence would be, why wouldn't you want to stop it? What is this,  the United States Congress, or the plot for the movie ``Minority  Report''?   The best you could ever hope to have in terms of warning is what we  had in the Parkland case, where a neighbor saw Nikolas Cruz preparing  for a school shooting, called the FBI, and because they were so focused  on the bureaucracy, they didn't take action.   That is why I am against federalizing the regular police and it is  why I am against federalizing the school police, because the more the  FBI was involved, the more they botched the case, and maybe there are  people dead who didn't need to be.   These red flag laws violate our Second Amendment rights, our Fifth  Amendment rights, and when they are done at the national level, they  violate our Tenth Amendment rights. It is crazy that we are considering  legislation to bribe the States to take rights away from our fellow  Americans, and it is nuts that Republicans in the Senate, the very  Republicans who say they are the classic, liberty-minded conservatives,  they are now working with Democrats on this very endeavor to Federalize  the school police and to engage in this bribery for the sake of  deprivation of rights.   Let me give you this warning, my friends: It is no victory, as Mr.  Carbajal said, that in my beloved Florida we have used red flag laws  8,000 times. There weren't 8,000 school shooters we stopped, probably  not even 8,000 criminals.   What we do see is that these red flag laws are used in divorce  proceedings, they are used in every type of dispute and shouldn't be a  cudgel that way. We will stand up for their rights. That is no  bullshit; we will.   