 Madam President, we are debating the President's nominee to  succeed Justice Stephen Breyer, who has served this country admirably  and with great distinction.   As a law student, I was fortunate to have Justice Breyer as an  adviser, and I remain grateful for his guidance, encouragement, and  counsel as I began my legal career. I have immense respect and  admiration for him as a Justice, but even more so as a person.   When Justice Breyer announced his retirement, I stated my belief that  the next Justice on the Supreme Court should be someone with Justice  Breyer's integrity, independence, and keen intellect--someone with  real-world experience who reflects the depth and breadth of the  American people. You could not find someone who better fits that  description than Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson, and I rise today in  wholehearted support of her nomination to the Supreme Court.   The Supreme Court is a powerful arbiter of justice in our Nation,  with few checks on the decisions of the Justices once they are on the  Court. Therefore, a vote on a Supreme Court nominee is one of the most  consequential that any Senator can cast. The Constitution makes the  Senate an active participant, along with the President, in the  confirmation of a Supreme Court Justice.   Article II, section 2, clause 2 of the Constitution states that  nominees to the Supreme Court shall only be confirmed ``by and with the  Advice and Consent of the Senate.'' The Senate's role in the  confirmation process places an important democratic check on America's  judiciary. As a result, this body's consent is both a constitutional  requirement and a democratic obligation. It is in upholding our  constitutional duties as Senators to give the President advice and  consent on his nominations that I believe we have one of our greatest  opportunities and responsibilities to support and defend the  Constitution of the United States.   As I have stated before, my test for a nominee is simple and is drawn  from the text, the history, and the principles of the Constitution. A  nominee's intellectual gifts, experience, judgment, maturity, and  temperament are all important, but these alone are not enough. I need  to be convinced that a nominee for the U.S. Supreme Court will live up  to both the letter and spirit of the Constitution. The nominee needs to  be committed not only to enforcing laws but also to doing justice.   The nominee needs to be able to make the principles of the  Constitution come alive--equality before the law, due process, full and  equal participation in the civic and social life of America for all  Americans, freedom of conscience, individual responsibility, and the  expansion of opportunity. The nominee also needs to see the unique role  the Court plays in helping balance the often conflicting forces in a  democracy between individual autonomy and the obligations of community,  between the will of the majority and the rights of the minority. A  nominee for the Supreme Court needs to be able to look forward to the  future, not just backwards. The nominee needs to make the Constitution  resonate in a world that is changing with great rapidity.   Judge Jackson passes these tests with flying colors. Beyond her  unquestioned intellectual gifts, her legal career over the past two  decades demonstrates that she has the deep fidelity to equality,  justice, and the Constitution required to be our next Supreme Court  Justice.   We want Justices to be familiar with the Federal court system. Judge  Jackson is. Indeed, soon after law school, Judge Jackson chose to clerk  at three levels of the Federal courts, gaining valuable insights into  the courtroom and learning directly from incredible jurists, including  Judge Bruce Selya of Rhode Island, who was President Reagan's nominee  to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit, as well as Justice  Breyer himself.   We want Justices to understand that a guilty verdict involves the  hard task of deciding the appropriate punishment. So while many of her  law school classmates likely plotted paths to law firm partnerships,  she chose instead to serve as Assistant Special Counsel and, later,  Commissioner and Vice Chair at the U.S. Sentencing Commission, working  to prevent unjust disparities in sentencing.   We want Justices to embody the fundamental notion of fairness at the  heart of our justice system, that defendants have a right to counsel  and must be proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt. So Judge Jackson  chose to serve as a Federal public defender. If confirmed, she will  bring this valuable, real-life perspective to our highest Court, where  it is very much needed.   Over the past 10 years, first as a district judge and then as a  circuit judge, Judge Jackson has been evenhanded and impartial in her  decisions from the bench, without regard to partisanship, personal  views, or ideology. Her opinions showcase an admirable commitment not  only to fairness but to transparency. She takes the time to ensure that  the parties fully understand her rulings and that the record clearly  captures her thought process in deciding a case. She does not hide the  ball--there are facts, there are arguments, and everyone is invited to  read and understand them.   Beyond her career choices and accolades, she demonstrated her  judgment, maturity, and equanimity during her recent confirmation  hearings. In the face of hours of questioning, some of it quite  pointed, political, and discomfiting, she showed incredible patience,  resilience, and grace. Her independence, integrity, and deep  understanding of the Constitution shined through in her answers. Her  cool in that crucible was not only admirable, it was inspiring.   Judge Jackson is a trailblazer, not in the least because she is the  first Black woman and first Federal public defender nominated to the  Supreme  [[Page S1963]]  Court. While her individual accomplishments are personal, Judge  Jackson's elevation to the U.S. Supreme Court will bring America closer  to the ideal our country aspires to. Her service on the Supreme Court  in the years to come will ensure that the Justices better reflect the  diversity of our great nation and may help restore the people's faith  in the fairness of the Court and in our justice system.   It is with great pleasure that I support her nomination to the  highest Court in the land and urge my colleagues to do the same.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   