 Mr. President, reserving the right to object. I have such  respect for my colleague from Oklahoma. We are often on the same side  of issues related to matters of national security and the Middle East,  but I disagree with his analysis that he has presented here today. Let  me make just a remark or two about his immediate request and then make  a few remarks about the broader work to try to protect the world from a  nuclear weapons-armed Iran.   First, as I understand it--and I just had a few days to take a look  at the underlying legislation--it would significantly remove the  administration's discretion to waive sanctions or to enter into certain  oil sales or authorize business with Iranian financial institutions in  that only a treaty entered into by the United States would provide that  authority to the administration.   I think that is generally bad policy.   We can imagine a whole set of diplomatic engagements with any nation,  including Iran, in which an executive may wish to toggle sanctions or  licenses in order to provoke some behavior beneficial to the United  States.  [[Page S4901]]  That is, in fact, why we regularly build waivers into our sanctions  statutes. So to suggest that on Iran policy, the President is going to  have no ability to impact sanctions or licenses until a treaty is  entered into ties the administration's hands--both Republican and  Democratic administrations--in a way that I simply don't think is  helpful.   I understand my friend's argument.   He is not a supporter of the JCPOA, and he does not desire for the  United States to enter back into a nuclear agreement with Iran. And at  the heart of this request is the essence of President Trump's Iran  policy--the idea that if we just keep hammering Iran with sanctions  that either their behavior will get better or they will at some point  choose to come to the table and do a comprehensive deal--the nuclear  program, their ballistic missile program, their support for terrorism.   Now, I think that was a credible argument back during the Obama  administration. Many people said Obama shouldn't give Iran anything  until Iran comes to the table on everything.   This Congress went a different way. We ended up taking a vote that,  by our rules, allowed for the nuclear agreement to go forward. But we  now have the benefit of the opposition's argument to the JCPOA having  been tested for 4 years. Trump basically took that philosophy--keep  sanctioning Iran; don't worry about the fact that it is unilateral, and  eventually Iran will come to the table on everything. He tested that  for 4 years, and it was an unmitigated disaster--an unmitigated  disaster. Not only did Iran not come to the table on everything, they  came to the table on nothing. Their behavior in the region got much  worse and much more adversarial to U.S. interests.   Just look at the reality on the ground in a place like Lebanon or  Yemen or Iraq or Syria. At the end of Trump's term, did Iran have more  or less influence in those places? Unquestionably more. More integrated  with the Houthis--by the end of Trump's term, they were in charge of  the Lebanese government. There was less separation between the Iraqi  power structure and Tehran.   At the end of that 4-year period of time, testing maximum pressure,  Iran was more deeply involved with its proxies than ever before. They  were not negotiating with the United States on any of the conditions  that the Trump administration laid down for us, and they were shooting  at us.    There was not a single attack on U.S. servicemembers by Iranian  proxies while the United States was in the JCPOA. Let me say it again:  Not a single attack on U.S. servicemembers by Iranian proxies when the  United States was in the JCPOA. They occur with regularity today.  Attacks against U.S. forces in housing and on bases in Iraq and Syria  restarted once we withdrew from the deal. In this year alone, there  have been attacks in February, March, April, May, June, July, and  August.   And so, I am not sure why we have to do a lot of guessing now as to  whether we are better off with or without a nuclear agreement with  Iran, because here's what we got for maximum pressure: American troops  under fire, more support for proxies, no hopes of negotiation, and--the  icing on the cake--an Iranian nuclear program that is now weeks away  from having enough fissile material to produce a nuclear weapon.  Compare that with a year away during the time of the agreement.   So we tested this theory that we just hit them with sanctions, hit  them with sanctions, and, eventually, they capitulate. It didn't work  by, I think, all objective measures. It didn't work. And so it makes  sense that the Biden administration wants to engage and try to put back  together a deal that was good for the United States and our allies.   And, lastly, I will say this. The Senator from Oklahoma is right. The  Iranians are bad people. You can just see what they are doing right now  in the streets of Tehran in brutally repressing another wave of  protests. Listen to what the President said on TV just this week-- denying the Holocaust. These are our adversaries. This is an enemy. But  all throughout American history, we have understood there are times  when it makes sense to sit down across the table with your enemy and  adversary and engage in diplomatic conversation that is good for you  and good for the world. It is true that if Iran was further away from a  nuclear weapon, it would be good for us and it would be good for other  countries in the world, including Russia, which is why Russia is  sometimes part of these negotiations. But I don't know that because  something is good for everybody, it shouldn't be acceptable to the U.S.  Congress.   And so I am going to object to this request because I believe that  the JCPOA is the right thing for the security of this Nation; because I  believe in diplomacy even with your adversaries; because I think we  have tested the proposition that maximum pressure will work better than  a nuclear agreement, and we now know the results; and I also believe  that some of the details of this resolution would ultimately bind the  hands of American Presidents in a way that, you know, probably isn't  good precedent for the long-term security of the Nation.   So, again, I think my colleague comes to the floor with good faith  objections and longstanding objections. I come down in a different  place, and for that reason, I would object.   