 Mr. President, I rise because I want to express concerns  that I have about a particular provision in the PACT Act. It is my  understanding that the Senate is considering this later this week. We  could be voting on cloture as early as tomorrow afternoon.   My concerns with the provision of the bill as drafted are--well, I  and many of my colleagues share this concern. What we want to do is  ensure that the PACT Act is not used as a vehicle to dramatically  increase spending outside of the objective of the bill, which is to  cover specific healthcare and benefits for veterans.   As it is written, as we are currently considering it, the PACT Act  includes a budget gimmick that is designed to do exactly that. This  gimmick was not in the House bill, but some Senators found it necessary  to add this. This gimmick is not necessary to achieve the underlying  purpose of the legislation. The purpose of the legislation is to expand  VA healthcare benefits and certain other benefits for veterans.   I have a very simple proposed fix for this problem that will not  reduce veteran benefits by a single dollar. It would allow the bill to  fully achieve its original intent.   To explain this a little bit, I have to explain a little bit about  how the Federal Government spends money around here.   As you know, Mr. President, we have two big categories of Federal  spending. We have what we call discretionary spending, and that is the  spending that is appropriated annually by Congress. That spending is  limited every year. There is a cap on how much can be spent in that  category. That is the first category.   The second category of Federal spending, we call mandatory spending.  This is different from discretionary spending in the sense that it is  kind of automatic spending. It occurs not by appropriation; it is  driven by eligibility for various programs. People are eligible; so  they get the payment. And it does not depend on a congressional  appropriation. Those are the two big categories of spending.   Now, the PACT Act, as I said, addresses veterans' healthcare. Now, of  course, as we all know, current law already obligates the VA to spend a  great deal of money on veterans' healthcare and benefits, as it should.  In particular, there is about $400 billion over the next 10 years that  the VA will spend on veterans' toxic exposure care and benefits--about  $400 billion. That is existing law. That is going to happen no matter  what we do with this bill. That $400 billion has always been  categorized in the discretionary spending category of Federal spending,  and, therefore, it is subject to caps, limits.    Now, what the PACT Act does is it expands this obligation on the part  of the VA. And it expands it a lot, by about $280 billion over the next  10 years. And it takes all of that new spending, the $280 billion of  new spending that the VA will spend under the PACT Act, and it puts it  in the mandatory spending category--not the discretionary but the  mandatory spending category.   Now, we can argue about whether or not that was a good idea, but that  is not my issue on the floor this evening. I have no quarrels with the  $280 billion being in the mandatory category. That is not the issue at  hand.   Here is the problem with this bill. Here is the budgetary gimmick.  This is what is outrageous. The bill takes the $400 billion that I  mentioned earlier, the $400 billion that is obligated to be spent by  the Veterans' Administration, by legislation passed many years ago,  money that is going to be spent; it enables that spending to be shifted  from the discretionary category to the mandatory category of spending.   You could say: Well, so what; the government is still going to spend  the money either way. That is true. It is going to go for the same  purpose, to the same people who need it. That is all true.   So why does it matter? Why did the Senate authors of this bill,  unlike the House, decide it is necessary to take this big category of  spending that is already in existing law and move it from the  discretionary spending category to the mandatory category?   Well, here is the reason. As I said earlier, there are caps on how  much discretionary spending can occur in any given year. By moving this  big category of spending, this $400 billion, out of the discretionary  category and putting it into mandatory, you create this big hole under  the cap. That is what is going on here. Now, when you create that big  hole, guess what happens with that big hole? It gets filled with  spending on who knows what. That is what is going on here. This is  unbelievable.   Now, again, I want to stress that my quarrel here is not with the  underlying purpose of the bill or the substance. And, sure, we could  talk about ways it could be improved, but that is not what this is  about. It is about a budget gimmick that is designed to allow hundreds  of billions of dollars in additional, unrelated spending having nothing  to do with veterans. It could be anything. It is this big, gaping hole  that some folks around here created by design in our discretionary  spending category.   You know what it really comes down to. It is about Congress hiding  behind an important veterans' care bill a massive, unrelated spending  binge. That is what this amounts to. Now, that would be objectionable  at any time, under any circumstances, as far as I am concerned, but it  is unbelievable that this provision is snuck into this bill at a time  like this.   What I am referring to is the obvious fact that our entire economy-- American families, virtually all of them, are being racked by out-of- control inflation. Inflation is at a 40-year high--40 years. I mean,  roughly half of all Americans have never been alive with inflation this  high. And there is no avoiding it. It is at the gas pump. It is at the  grocery store. It is at the rent. It is everywhere.   Well, how does inflation come about? Well, a big part of it came from  too much government spending and lax, easy-money monetary policy. That  is  [[Page S3685]]  always a very dangerous combination. And sure enough, it gave us this  out-of-control inflation. Well, this gimmick is going to make it worse.  It is going to add $400 billion over 10 years in totally unrelated,  unnecessary spending.   Again, we are not talking about veterans' healthcare. That is not  what I am here to talk about. We are talking about the other $400  billion that we haven't seen exactly what that is going to consist of.  Who knows. But you can be sure that a big hole under the spending caps  is not going to left as a big hole.   So this is terrible policy. So, here, I have got a simple suggestion.  Here is all we need to do. We leave the $280 billion, the new spending  for veterans' healthcare that the bill contemplates--leave that in  mandatory spending. That is fine. But we simply would modify the bill  to keep the $400 billion that we are going to spend anyway in the  category where it has always been, the discretionary spending category.  This doesn't cut a dime in veterans' spending, but it would avoid  creating this huge hole for all kinds of new and unrelated spending.   So, again, I will stress one more time for the people who might  choose to listen, this doesn't reduce spending on veterans' healthcare  or benefits of any kind by a single penny. And the change that I am  looking for would not in any way impede the ability of veterans to get  the healthcare that they are going to get under this bill as a result  of toxic exposure. It is not about any of that. It is only about  preventing this excessive, unrelated spending in we don't even know yet  what categories, which was inserted in this bill.   So I think this is a simple fix. Unfortunately, it appears we are  still not in the business of contemplating amendments in this Chamber.  We were promised there would be amendments at the beginning of this  process. Amendments have always historically been a fundamental way  that we litigate our differences and iterate our way to solutions, but  we are not allowed to do this. I have not been allowed to offer an  amendment. Nobody has.   So I intend to vote against cloture, which, as you know, Mr.  President, is the procedural vote that ends debate and ends the  amendments and allows the body to get on to final passage. I am not  going to vote for cloture because we haven't had this debate yet. We  haven't had this vote on this outrageous budget gimmick that has  nothing to do with the underlying purpose of the bill.   So I am going to urge my colleagues to join me in voting against  cloture. And what will happen if we deny cloture? What if we succeed,  and the Chamber, the body, is unable to achieve cloture? Well, then I  think I know what happens. Our Democratic colleagues would work with us  to fix the gimmick. That is what would happen. Then the bill would move  forward with all the same benefits for veterans that it has and that it  has always had as a bill, and we would do this without introducing this  massive, unrelated spending.   Now, why am I confident that that is what the outcome would be?  Because I think our Democratic colleagues are very unlikely to forgo  passing a really important veterans health bill for the sake of their  unrelated spending blitz. I think, as much as they want to go on that  spending binge, they would take a pass on that if that is what they  have to do to get this veterans bill done. So that is how this would  end.   That is why, Mr. President, once again, I urge my colleagues, join me  in a simple fix for a terrible budget gimmick, and let's do this  quickly. And if we are not allowed to do this any other way, then let's  deny cloture tomorrow on the cloture vote, and then we will be able to  fix it promptly thereafter.   I yield the floor.   