 Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to call up H.R. 471,  the PAUSE Act, to protect all Americans from Biden's border crisis.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the previous question  so we can amend the rules to immediately consider H.R. 6858, the  American Energy Independence from Russia Act.   My friends from the other side of the aisle want to talk about  restaurants, and restaurants are very important, but understand that  when families can't put fuel in their tank, they certainly cannot  afford to eat in a restaurant.   We have to get our priorities straight. Yes, we are bringing them up  now because we cannot get our bills to the floor. We cannot get our  message out.   This is the fourth time the Republicans have tried to bring this bill  up for a vote, and each time, the Democrats have refused.   Families are suffering as rising fuel costs are making everything  much, much more expensive, including bread, clothes, and everything,  including meals at our restaurants.   President Biden's so-called solutions do nothing to fix the problems.  Tapping into our strategic reserves will do almost nothing to bring  prices down. All it does is risk our reserves and endanger our national  security.   This administration is signaling to the oil and gas companies that  they are going to come after them.   Big Government needs to get out of the way. Get out of the way of the  businesses, and let the businesses run themselves.   For example, where I am from on the Gulf Coast, the Department of the  Interior has allowed one lease sale in the past year and a half. Under  Trump, we had two a year. We had the one sale that I am talking about  in a year and a half.   The Biden administration refuses to uphold the law of two per year,  even though the courts struck down the one that he had. He refuses to  challenge that to get those lease bids acknowledged.   Biden, what he has said is a lie. I am sorry, it is an outright lie  about what the drilling companies are. There are so many rules and  regulations on the drilling companies. I understand it. We have to get  the foot of the government off the back of the necks of our drilling  companies.   Let's save this country. Let's don't give it away to Russia. Let's  don't give it away to Venezuela. Let's stand firm and be Americans,  both sides of the aisle here. I am sorry, I will cool off here on this  one.   Republicans have a real solution to get American energy back on the  market and get prices down. This bill will restart the Keystone XL; it  will end the moratorium; and it will boost the LNG exports.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote on the previous question.   