 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  following Senators be permitted to speak prior to the scheduled vote: I  for up to 15 minutes, Senator Murray for up to 5 minutes, Senator Thune  for up to 5 minutes.    Mr. President, this is my 283rd travel to the Senate  [[Page S2264]]  floor to ask that we wake up to the threat of climate change--an issue  that demands, right now, American leadership. Over the recent recess, I  traveled to parts of the world where climate catastrophe looms, and I  saw firsthand what the absence of American leadership has cost.   My first stop was to the 2022 Our Oceans Conference in Palau, where I  joined President Biden's Special Envoy for Climate, Secretary John  Kerry, to discuss the state of our oceans. It was another productive  Our Oceans Conference, leading to 410 commitments from around the  world, worth $16.35 billion, to fund climate action, reduce plastic  pollution, and reduce illegal fishing, among other things. These  commitments are, indeed, a hopeful sign.   Palau is a tiny, beautiful ocean nation on the very far side of the  Pacific Rim. This archipelago relies almost entirely on the ocean, with  tourism as the dominant industry and fishing as a way of life. Palau  has a front-row seat to the changes taking place in our ocean. Rising  ocean temperatures and sea levels, acidification, disrupted fisheries,  more frequent storms--they see and feel these every day.   I have spoken a lot about the amount of heat trapped by greenhouse  gas pollution and then absorbed by our oceans. It is equivalent to  multiple Hiroshima-sized atomic bombs being detonated in the ocean  every second. That is the heat load that we are adding. In the last  three decades, our oceans warmed eight times faster than in preceding  decades. This is so much heat that you have to measure it using a  special super unit of measurement--the zettajoule.   What is a zettajoule? A joule--J-O-U-L-E--is our standard unit of  heat energy. A zettajoule is that unit with 21 zeros behind it. Here is  a more practical reference: All of the energy used annually by all of  the people in all of the world--all of it--adds up to one half--one  half--of a zettajoule.   What does this mean for oceans? Scientists tell us that the top 2,000  meters of ocean absorbed a record 227 excess zettajoules of energy from  1981 to 2010. The current rate is to load 14 zettajoules of heat into  our oceans every single year, which means we are loading into our  oceans every year nearly 30 times more heat than the entire energy use  of the entire species on the entire planet.   If you take a look at the segment of our energy use that is produced  by fossil fuels, that segment, which is less than half a zettajoule, is  creating this effect of 14 zettajoules of heat into the oceans every  single year. We are pumping into the oceans nearly 30 times our total  global human energy use.   This kind of heat is why coral reefs face mass bleaching and are  dying, and, of course, dead reefs threaten the collapse of entire ocean  ecosystems. It is not just dying reefs; when water warms, it expands,  which means sea levels are rising and will rise by feet in the decades  ahead--a big problem for coastal communities everywhere, including  Connecticut and Rhode Island.   I landed in Palau on the heels of an unexpected tropical storm-- unseasonal--that grew into a violent typhoon. Climate change makes  these storms more frequent, more severe, and more unpredictable,  putting coastal infrastructure everywhere under serious threat.   From Palau, I met up with a congressional delegation traveling to  India and Nepal--two nations at the center of dire global security  risks. Nepal's Himalayan glaciers are the source of much of Asia's  freshwater. The Himalayan snowcap is so big, it is described as the  Earth's third pole--the North Pole with all of its ice, the South Pole  with all of its ice, and the Himalayan glacier with all of its ice. As  the planet warms, those Himalayan glaciers shrink away.   Our 1.5-degree Celsius global warming target right now is, in effect,  a 2.1-degree Celsius global warming target for the Himalayas. Himalayan  glacier mass is expected to drop by more than a third by the end of the  century. If the glaciers aren't there to feed the rivers, the rivers  don't have the water to flow.   For India, the consequences are deadly serious. According to the U.S.  Institute of Peace, losing that glacial flow will spell rampant  sickness, hunger, and economic calamity downstream, which could, as  they say--I quote them--``in turn, open the door to conflict.'' Well,  obviously, if people don't have the water they need to live, they are  going to fight over it.   A likely flashpoint is Kashmir, the region between India and  Pakistan--two nuclear-armed adversaries. India's Parliament has  reported on the challenge climate change poses for distributing scarce  Himalayan water among Indian and Pakistani downstream regions. India  plans new dams on the Chenab River in Kashmir. Pakistan fears that  India will pinch off river flow into Pakistan, perhaps to put economic  survival pressure on Pakistan in times of conflict. Suspicions between  the two countries of riparian mischief run high, and long memories of  conflict linger. Food security, electricity generation, and public  safety are all at stake, giving nuclear-armed adversaries a lot to  fight over.   So what did we see and feel in India? Scorching heat--109 degrees  Fahrenheit at the Taj Mahal. Last week in Delhi, thermometers topped  110 degrees. In Nawabshah, Pakistan, temperatures hit 117\1/2\ degrees.  In another area of Pakistan, temperatures exceeded 122 degrees. Try to  walk around and work and live outdoors in 122 degrees. It doesn't work.  This is the kind of heat where the human body no longer functions  properly. It can't cool itself. And, of course, electricity grids fail,  and lots of water evaporates.   We discussed these issues with the Nepali Prime Minister and Congress  president. Their government is clear-eyed about this problem. Their  glaciers are thinning before their eyes. They see it now, they feel it  in river flow, and they see it in the risk of glacier collapse, which  leads to catastrophic downstream flooding. They feel all these shocks  to their region's food supply and every tremor from their neighbors'  conflicts. Their message to us is really clear: ``Nepal is ready to  join hands with the U.S. on the issue of climate change,'' one of the  Nepali Parliamentarians told us, but the United States needs to step  up.   Our last stop was Doha in Qatar, where I met with airmen of the Rhode  Island Air National Guard and other servicemembers carrying out vital  missions in the Middle East at Al Udeid Air Base.   The Defense Department is worried about climate heat compromising its  flight operations in places as hot as Doha. It gets hard to operate out  on the runways in the kind of heat that climate change is causing, and  Doha is hot. You may recall the news a few years ago about Qatar  considering air-conditioning the out of doors. DOD's October 2021  Climate Risk Analysis listed rising temperatures affecting flight  operations and ``aircraft performance''--``loss of payload capacity,  range, and loiter time''--as the military has to schedule for ``too hot  to fly'' times of day. For the airmen I met with, out protecting our  country, these are real issues now.    The world cries out for Congress to act, to reclaim America's place  of leadership on this defining issue of our time. The people of Palau  cannot fix the ocean heat on their own. The people of India, Pakistan,  and Nepal cannot solve the disappearance of the Himalayan glaciers on  their own. Our airmen cannot cool the temperatures disrupting their  flight operations on their own.   President Clinton once said that the world is always ``more impressed  by the power of our [American] example than by [any] example of our  [American] power.'' If we are to remain Daniel Webster's city on a  hill, we must reflect the power of that good American example beyond  our borders. This goes beyond climate change; this goes to the heart of  the integrity of the American brand.   At the end of an American century where we rebuilt Europe with the  Marshall Plan and rebuilt Asia with the MacArthur Plan and set the  stage for the freedom and peace and economic growth that this American  century has produced, we are at risk of squandering that entire  reputation as people from Palau to Nepal suffer and experience the  consequences of climate change and know perfectly well that America  could have and should have led, that America could have and should have  done something about this, that America knew what the climate risk was  and failed to act, and that the failure is explained by the worst of  all possible  [[Page S2265]]  reasons: We got rolled by the special interests, the fossil fuel  industry, whose conflict of interest is apparent but whose power  through dark money and pressure and corruption in this body has  disabled us for more than a decade from doing what everyone knows is  right.   Our failure and the disgraceful reason for it will be a visible blot  on America's standing for decades if we don't act. If we don't act, if  we fail, don't think no one will notice. What we are doing is open and  notorious, and it is a devastating failure of American leadership.   We must pass a real climate bill now. It is time, as I have said 283  times, to wake up.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   