 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to oppose the  Kigali Amendment. That is the United Nations treaty that is under  consideration in this body today.   Two years ago, this body, the U.S. Senate, passed a bipartisan bill.  The goal of the bill was to reduce hydrofluorocarbons, or HFCs, and do  it domestically. We passed it. It was signed into law.   Now, these HFCs are gases that are used in refrigerators, air- conditioners, fire extinguishers, and in insulation. They also  contribute significantly to greenhouse gas emissions.   So I worked in a bipartisan way to build a coalition of Senators to  pass the bill. Two years later, here we are; the law is now in effect  in the United States. Parts of the law are still being implemented.  Yet, now, today, we are being asked to sign on to treaty obligations at  the United Nations that I believe are wholly unnecessary.   We have already passed bipartisan legislation to reduce HFC  consumption, and it has already become the law of the land. Many of the  benefits and the jobs that are being touted are U.S. innovations, and  it is the result of our domestic legislation, not ratification of some  U.N. treaty. We did it here. We did it right.   I say we don't need to get entangled now in another United Nations  treaty. Our own law can be amended if we would like. It can be  repealed. It can be replaced. Depending on the impact and cost, the  United States can make changes quickly. It is much harder, if not  impossible, to do it with an international treaty. In fact, when you  take a look at the Kigali treaty and amendment, there is actually no  way to withdraw from it if we ratify and join in.   When I take a look at this, it is especially bad because it doubles  down on the practice of treating China--yes, China--as a developing  country. And the key word here is ``developing.'' China is not a  developing country, but this treaty says they are a developing country,  and it makes a big difference in terms of the treaty and the way that  China is treated internationally because it gives China special  treatment.   And I will tell you, Mr. President, they don't deserve the kind of  treatment that they would get with this. Under this treaty, China would  get an extra 10 years--an extra decade--to produce HFCs. Well, this  places us, the United States, at a competitive disadvantage to China  for 10 additional years.   Interestingly and, I think, surprisingly to people when they hear  this, the United States would also be expected to give more American  taxpayer dollars to a U.N.--United Nations--multilateral fund that is  set aside to help developing nations. The key word here again is  ``developing.'' And they want to treat China like a developing country.  So it would send more U.S. dollars to China because they have access to  this U.N. multilateral fund.   Well, the United States is already the largest contributor to this  fund. We have given over 1 billion of American taxpayer dollars to this  United Nations so-called--it is a slush fund.   But what about China? Do they contribute? Oh, no, China has actually  taken $1.4 billion out of the fund that we have contributed to because  we are a developed nation and China is still, theoretically and  legally, by this treaty, developing.   When you take a look at the debt that we have as a nation and you go  and talk to any high school class or any junior high school class, as I  have done in Wyoming--we did it in Wheatland, WY, with a bunch of  really smart kids--they say: OK, when we have this debt, who are we  borrowing the money from?   Do you know what they say? Oh, we are borrowing it from China.   So we borrow from China to give to the Multilateral Fund under this  Montreal Protocol. And what happens then? The Fund gives it to China.  The United States borrows from China. We give it to the United Nations.  The United Nations gives it to China. So we are further in debt to  China. This makes zero sense. Even to the high school kids it makes  zero sense.   With ratification of the Kigali Amendment to the U.N. treaty, more  and more American taxpayer dollars will be going to communist China.   Now, this is happening despite the fact that everyone knows that  China is not a developing country and shouldn't be labeled as a  developing country or be treated as a developing country. China is the  second largest economy in the world. China is our greatest economic and  geopolitical rival.   The United States should not let China play by a special set of rules  that is designed to give a helping hand to truly developing nations.  China doesn't fit. But this is exactly what is outlined in the Kigali  Amendment. And that is why I have filed at the desk an amendment to  what is being discussed on the floor of the Senate today. My amendment  says the United States will not ratify this treaty until China is  defined, rightly, as a developed country--not a developing country but  a developed country--because they truly are. No special treatment for  China, period. Everyone should stand up for that in this body, each and  every Member.   So Senators have some decisions to make: Are you going to vote to  allow China to play by a whole different set of rules? Are we going to  put America at a competitive disadvantage? Are we going to vote to  continue to give American taxpayer dollars to China?   Now, Members and my colleagues and friends on the other side of the  aisle say: Oh, it is not about China. This is about HFC, the chemicals  involved. Again, we have already passed bipartisan legislation to  reduce HFCs. The law is still going into effect. There is no excuse for  any Senator to give China a handout at the expense of the American  taxpayers and the American hard-working families--no excuse whatsoever.   We should not be outsourcing our environmental policy. I urge my  colleagues to support my amendment and, once again, say no special  treatment for China.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I come to the floor today to talk  about the Biden economic crisis that the American people are facing  every day.   Last week, Democrats threw a big party at the White House; even  Hollywood celebrities flew in to celebrate. If you take a look at what  was going on, on the split-screen television all across the country,  they saw Democrats celebrating and the stock market collapsing;  people's savings, retirements evaporating; Democrats dancing.   It was the worst day on Wall Street since the pandemic, and by the  time the party at the White House was over, $1.6 trillion was erased  from the value of those who hold American stocks.   So why did this happen? The reason that this happened was because  just hours earlier the world found out that inflation in America went  up once again.   Prices people have to pay for things are up more than 13 percent  since the day Joe Biden took office. Costs which economists predicted  would go down last month, actually went up instead.   Well, the economists made a prediction, but the American people know  what they are facing every day when they go to the grocery store, pay  their rent, pay their energy bills, try to buy back-to-school supplies  for their kids.   Inflation is now going up after the Democrats passed a reckless tax- and-spending bill. This is nothing to celebrate even though they were  down at the White House celebrating. The American people aren't  celebrating; they are suffering. They are suffering the worst inflation  in over 40 years.   Prices have risen faster than wages for 17 consecutive months--17  months in a row, prices rising faster than wages. With each passing  month, the American people can afford less and less. Now people have  cut into their savings, borrowed money, just to get by.   Credit card debt is climbing. Reports across the Nation are more and  more people are buying on layaway. People on fixed incomes cannot keep  up; they are falling further behind. And it is no wonder then that many  seniors are delaying their retirements.   Rising costs are hitting our troops. Right now, our troops are  watching their paychecks disappear, melt away. According to a recent  report, the Army is now recommending our troops sign up for food  stamps.   The U.S. Army--can you imagine such a thing?--is recommending troops  sign up for food stamps. After the deadly and disgraceful evacuation of  Afghanistan, people knew Joe Biden had very little respect for our men  and women in uniform. What we are seeing today is a national failure by  Joe Biden and the Democrats. Our heroes in uniform should not have to  rely on welfare in order for them to serve the Nation.   Our soldiers should not have to find themselves in a battle against  Joe Biden's inflation.   Now, the U.S. Senate still hasn't passed a defense bill this year. We  are waiting to go. Senator Schumer says, well, we will do that next  month. It just shows that Democrats do not prioritize our national  defense. It always goes to the bottom of the list--leave it for last.  Democrats have other priorities like their James Taylor concert last  week at the White House on the lawn.   Democrats have been too busy paying off the climate activists to pay  our troops. The Senate ought to get to work on a defense bill  immediately. We should ensure that our troops, whether they are serving  at F.E. Warren Air Force Base in Wyoming, Luke Air Force Base in  Arizona, or Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada, or Buckley Space Force  Base in Colorado, that they get a raise so they won't further be hurt  by Joe Biden's inflation.   Now, many Democrats seem oblivious to the pain and suffering that  they have caused American families. When Joe Biden took office,  inflation was essentially nonexistent. A gallon of gas was $2.39. In  today's prices, it is almost $3.70 a gallon, higher in States like  Nevada, Washington State, and others.   When Joe Biden took office, economists were predicting an economic  boom. Now our economy continues to shrink, and just in a matter of  months, Joe Biden took us from recovery to recession.   And recovery right now is nowhere in sight. Consumer confidence is  worse today than it was during the lockdowns of 2020, hard to believe  but true. This summer, we saw the lowest consumer confidence ever  recorded in the history of polling for these sorts of things.   Families feel very stressed about the future, and prices continue to  climb. Now, ultimately, this means that we are going to have layoffs at  a time when people are running out of savings.   A poll last week showed that people across the country are cutting  back on spending on just about everything just to keep up, just to  avoid falling further and further behind. Some are cutting back on  groceries. Some are growing their own, trying to grow their own food  instead of going to the grocery store.   At the same time, the Federal Reserve is getting ready to raise  interest rates again, maybe as soon as today.   This year, we have already seen the largest rate hikes in 40 years.  Rates are going higher and higher and higher as the Democrat-caused  inflation wildfire continues to burn.   There is no end in sight and no relief for the pain being caused to  American families. Mortgage rates have almost doubled this year. They  are the highest they have been since the great recession, and they are  going to go even higher.   At the same time, mortgage applications have dropped significantly.  More and more people are giving up on the American dream of even owning  their own home. To make matters worse, it doesn't look like interest  rates are coming down any time soon.   You know, it is very easy to cause inflation, very difficult to get  rid of. Last March, Joe Biden caused inflation with the stroke of a pen  on a bill that every Democrat in this body voted for, and working  families all across the country have suffered ever since.   Interest rate hikes are designed to slow down the economy. And yet we  have an economy that is already shrinking, and they want to slow it  down some more. It shrank for the first 6 months of this year. That has  always been the definition of a recession. The administration is even  trying to redefine recession while we are in the middle of one because  they don't want to own it, but they do.   The pain and suffering that people are being subjected to has no end  in sight, and the policies of this President and the policies of the  Democrats who have all voted for it--every one of them--have brought us  inflation and recession.   The wealthy elites that run the Democratic Party are doing just fine.  It is the hard-working men and women all across the country who are  suffering. Republicans are committed to help lower prices for working  men and women all around America.  [[Page S4896]]    Certainly, in my State of Wyoming, it is a major concern, major  discussion. It is what I hear about. What I heard about Friday at our  Victoria's football game and the tailgate party is what things cost,  trying to just stay ahead, trying to keep ahead, trying to fall less  far behind.   We are committed to getting the economy back on track. It is time for  the Democrats to get their priorities straight. We need to pass a  defense bill to take care of our troops. We need to stop the reckless  spending and the tax hikes.   These are the policies that have caused the cost of everyday items to  continue to go up. The Democrats need to stop strangling American  energy. That is what is driving up the price, not just at the pump but  electric bills, home heating, natural gas, all of the things that the  American people need and want, energy that is affordable, available,  and reliable.   The American people deserve much better than what we have been  getting from the Democrats, and the Democrats--let me point out--are in  full control of the House, the Senate, and the White House.   It is their policies and their positions that brought us 40-year high  inflation, food going up faster and faster, 13 percent inflation since  the day Joe Biden and the Democrats took over. It is time for a change.   I yield the floor.   