 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the American people--the world--is  watching a really horrendous, barbaric, horrible situation in Ukraine;  and we are all praying for the people there, trying to do as much as we  can to support them. And this barbarism we are seeing from Vladimir  Putin is something I don't think anyone is ever going to forget.   We can't let it stand. We need to use all instruments of American  power--with our allies--to work to address this long term because this  is a long-term problem--the new era of authoritarian aggression led by  Putin, led by Xi Jinping--and we need to be able to address it.   One of these instruments of American power that we have had until  recently, in a bipartisan way--every President has supported being an  energy producer, being an energy superpower, being a country that is  energy independent.   And I don't have to tell the Presiding Officer, but this has been  highlighted by the current crisis. What has happened is the American  people--really, the world--have awoken to the fact that the Biden  administration came into office and, instead of building on what they  inherited from the Trump administration, which, again, was a bipartisan  goal of American foreign policy, American energy policy, American  domestic policy--for decades, every President--every President--wanted  America to be energy independent.   President Obama used to talk about this, all-of-the-above energy:  oil, gas, renewables; Jimmy Carter, of course; Donald Trump; George W.  Bush. I mean, it dates back for decades, until the Biden  administration.   And, of course, they came in and on day one said: We are going to  start shutting down the production of American energy. That is a fact.  I am going to go through a lot of the facts. I am going to go through  some detailed memos that are still in existence that show that this is  exactly their policy.   Now, what has happened in the last 2 weeks? The American people have  started to realize: Oh, my gosh, my own government is trying to make it  harder for us to produce American energy. How does that make sense? In  what world does that make sense?   And the average American--always very smart, by the way, much smarter  than the people in DC--is raising the alarm bells, saying: Wait a  minute. Why would we do that? It hurts us at home. It drives up energy  prices.   The President is calling it Putin's energy increases. That is  ridiculous. Energy prices have been going up since this administration  got into office because of this administration's policies.   Good try, Mr. President. That is not going to work.   So the American people are saying: It is hurting us at home. It is  raising costs on my family.   But they are now realizing: Whoa, this is really bad for our foreign  policy and national security too, when you have a war like what is  going on in Ukraine.   So all of a sudden, you see the Biden administration--from the  President on down and his whole team--starting to scramble. They are  starting to hide their policy that has been driven by a far-left  radical agenda and is really hurtful to everybody. By the way, it  doesn't help the environment one bit, not one bit. I will come down  here in another speech and talk about how it hurts the environment.   And it is almost funny to watch this happen if this weren't such a  serious topic. It is almost funny. As a matter of fact, to one Cabinet  official, it was funny. Go Google the Secretary Granholm interview-- I forget which news station--when she was asked, ``Hey, are you going  to help produce more oil for America?'' She literally starts cracking  up, laughing. She is laughing.    It is not funny, Madam Secretary. So now, the White House is  scrambling with made-up stories, made-up rationales. You see the Press  Secretary kind of trying to talk about this issue. No offense to her.  She is pretty talented, but she doesn't know anything about energy.   But they are scrambling because no one is laughing. No one is  laughing. The Secretary of Energy might be laughing about this topic,  but no one is laughing. Working families in America aren't laughing.  The energy workers that this administration has moved to hand pink  slips to aren't laughing. Our allies in Europe aren't laughing.  Ukrainians aren't laughing.   The only ones who might be laughing are the Venezuelans and the  Iranians who this administration is now going and begging for oil from.  They might be laughing.   So it is a really serious topic. And, as I mentioned, the energy  price rise that we have seen across the last year--gas prices were  almost up 50 percent prior to the invasion of Ukraine by Putin. So we  know what is going on because it is no secret.   When the President was campaigning--again, I don't think these  [[Page S1146]]  were really his views but driven by the far-left that he had to get  their vote on--he vowed that he would do exactly what he did on day  one. Here is the President in a debate in 2019: I have argued against  any more drilling. No more drilling--oil or gas drilling on Federal  lands. I will not allow it anymore.   That is the President of the United States.   Now, on day one, he did just that. He did just that. He started out  to keep these campaign promises. We know he canceled the Keystone  Pipeline. They put a ``pause''--I am going to talk about that--on  Federal leasing and permitting, something that really impacted my  State. He signed an Executive order to crack down on oil and gas  production. He canceled the legally acquired leases that my State has  in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge because this body voted for it,  signed it into law. The President, in a blatantly illegal move, said: I  am not going to allow these leases, even though the Congress of the  United States and the President of the United States previously passed  a law saying they had to be executed.   And just 2 weeks ago, the administration froze new drilling permits  and stopped issuing new leases on Federal lands because they continue  to be driven by a far-left agenda that nobody in the United States is  supporting right now.   (Ms. SMITH assumed the Chair.)   Well, Madam President, I want to dig a little deeper into what  happened on day one.   So what happened here--I have an order. This is an order--order No.  3395 from the Acting Secretary of the Interior, a guy by the name of  Scott de la Vega. I have never heard of him. Never heard of him. Who in  the heck is that?   It was dated January 20, 2021, so that is day one. That is day one.  Some guy named Scott de la Vega--I don't know who he is, but I guess he  was Acting Secretary of the Interior--and he lays out in this memo  everything that should be suspended, everything in America, to stop  producing any natural resources for 60 days. OK?   That is your government at work, America, right here: Scott de la  Vega hereby temporarily suspends--and then they have a whole list of  things that deal with oil, gas, minerals, rights of way--anything on  Federal lands--all stopped. If that is not a far-left radical agenda, I  don't know what is.   It says that people above him--the Secretary, Deputy Secretary--they  can rescind that after 60 days. But there is no one above him. This is  day one. There is nobody even confirmed. That is why Scott de la Vega  was Acting Secretary of the Interior. Don't be fooled. This is an order  on day one from the Biden administration to shut down the production of  American energy. Your government at work, America.   What happened across the country? I can tell you what happened in my  State. This set up a mad scramble in Alaska. I was getting phone calls,  literally, from this memo. I didn't know anything about it.   Why?   What was happening here?   In my State, because we have the highest environmental standards in  the world on oil and gas development, on mineral development, we do our  exploration only in the winter--only in the winter. About a 3-month  period--January, February, March, April--4 months, because we create  ice roads and ice paths. These are giant roads of ice and giant paths  of ice that can take out giant drill rigs on the tundra. We do our  exploration then, and then we bring it off in 4 months. The ice roads  melt, and there is zero impact. It is called zero impact exploration.  OK? It is expensive, but we do that in Alaska because we really care  about our environment. We know how to do both: protect our environment  and develop our resources. We only have about 3 to 4 months to even do  this work every winter.   So I had a bunch of Alaskans--hundreds, thousands--out doing the work  of America--oil and gas development. Old Mr. de la Vega comes out day  one of the Biden administration and says, We are going to suspend any  lease or permit.   When you are in the oil and gas industry, you are constantly having  to get additional permits--what they call ATDs, applications to drill-- to build an ice road, to do other things that are way beyond leases-- Jen Psaki--way beyond leases. You have to get these permits reviewed  and updated very frequently.   They said: No issuing of anything.   I get a call--I will give you one example--from a company that almost  300 people do an exploration for. They were just told: You are not  going to get anything else for 60 days. They couldn't do anything. They  are going to fire all 300 people.   We scrambled. We made phone calls. We tried to get this order  lifted--tried to get an exception. This was happening all across  America. The Federal Government came in--the Biden administration. That  was day one, and Mr. de la Vega--again, don't know who he is--issued  this order: 60 days and stopped everything.   Joe Biden is out there saying: Oh, no, we really care about energy  production.   No, you don't. You are trying to kill it. That was the mad scramble.  Many people were laid off. This is way beyond Keystone--10,000 laid  off.   Let me go into a little more detail. After 60 days, what happened?  This is really important. I really want our friends in the media to dig  into this. Again, you have these things called applications to drill on  Federal leases. OK? All of that was stalled for 60 days. You couldn't  do a thing. This is just a year ago, right--just a year ago from this  administration that is now telling the American people: Oh, no, we are  fully for energy development.   They were trying to kill it.   OK. Normally, when you have a lease on a Federal land, you have  Federal managers. I will give you the example in Alaska. In the Bureau  of Land Management, they will have a field manager, right? So let's say  there is a field manager for BLM in Fairbanks, AL. That man or woman  has a fair amount of authority. They can issue these applications to  drill, to move forward. This is a government that is not centralized,  right? You want the decision-makers--who, by the way, are almost all  professional career staff--to make science-based decisions--not  political decisions--on these applications to drill. That is the way it  works. That is the way it has always worked.   So you have a field manager, say, in Fairbanks. You will have a  district level manager in the interior part of Alaska. Then you will  have one State director, the BLM State director, OK? So they usually-- not even the State director. The lower-level Federal officials can  issue these permits to keep the country moving, producing oil, gas.   What happened after 60 days? After 60 days in 2021--so you have the  Biden administration--Mr. de la Vega shutting down all energy  production for 60 days in America. That is this order. So after 60  days, what happened? Well, there was another order issued. This was  issued by a woman, an official named Laura Daniel-Davis. She is the  Acting Assistant Secretary for the Office of Land and Mineral  