 Madam President, I want to thank my colleague and  friend from Texas as well as the team that worked with him--Senators  Murphy, Tillis, Sinema, and all of us who worked with them. Where he is  surely right is that we have shown that democracy works, at least that  it can work, when people come together seeking common ground and  responding to the overwhelming sense of urgency from the American  people about solving a problem. And that democracy working stands in  stark juxtaposition to the tableau on the other side of Congress, the  House Commission that is investigating the near-overthrow of that  democracy. So for all who are doubting and all who may have doubts in  the future, we are providing some reassurance that we can get things  done and solve problems.   My mind goes back to watching that Gallery almost 10 years ago in the  wake of the Newtown tragedy--the unthinkable murder of 20 beautiful  children and 6 brave educators at Sandy Hook Elementary School. And  when we failed to take action then on a very modest improving the  background check system--we had 55 votes but not enough to reach 60--I  will never forget the cry of ``Shame, shame'' that came from that  Gallery.   I remember the Sandy Hook families were in that Gallery, and at least  two of them are here today, Mark Barden and Nicole Hockley. And it is  not only those families that are in the Gallery, it is the movement  that those families, through their immeasurable grief and unthinkable  trauma, created in the wake of that unimaginable murder. That movement  is here, comprised of survivors and first responders, medical  professionals, educators, advocates, and so many others. And today when  the U.S. Senate passes the Bipartisan Safer Communities Act, we won't  hear cries of ``Shame,'' there will be cries of relief, finally.   I am proud to have been part of the team that negotiated this measure  and to have worked with colleagues on the other side of the aisle like  Senator Cornyn. This is not the measure I fought for. It is not the  measure I would have written if I had been doing it alone, but it marks  meaningful progress.   If you wait to get everything in the U.S. Senate, chances are you  will get nothing. Progress is better than nothing. This measure will  save lives--not all the lives that we want to save, but it will save  lives, and I will be proud to vote for it today.   After 30 years, hundreds of thousands of gun deaths after Sandy Hook  and dozens of failed legislative proposals, we are finally taking this  step forward. The Sandy Hook victims, the Parkland victims, the Uvalde  victims, and so many more deserve so much better, and they deserve  more, but the Bipartisan Safer Communities Act is that significant step  forward that responds to the Nation's sense of urgency to get something  done.   One way the legislation will do so that I am particularly proud of is  investing in crisis intervention programs. This bill will increase  funding for these programs, including red flag laws and programs  already in place in 21 jurisdictions like Connecticut, which was the  first. These laws will keep firearms out of the hands of individuals  who are dangerous to themselves or others. It is separating those guns  from people who say they are going to kill someone or themselves. More  than half of all gun deaths are suicides. Red flag laws are practical  and proven and they prevent not only suicides but school mass shootings  and other violent crimes. Just last week, Connecticut probably saved  tens of lives by separating an individual who told his parents that he  was having those thoughts again about killing people, and he was  separated from a firearm.   I have worked on the red flag issue for years with Senator Graham and  with Senator Feinstein in the bipartisan negotiations that led to this  bill. We worked collaboratively and closely to develop the funding  framework that can support States that already have these laws and  States that choose to enact these laws going forward. Implementation is  so important, and the resources necessary for implementation are key to  making them work effectively. In fact, very arguably, the failure of  the New York red flag law to prevent the Buffalo massacre was due to a  lack of resources commitment.   To alleviate concerns among some of my Republican colleagues and some  gun owners, we reached a bipartisan agreement to include provisions  that specify that, for States to be eligible to use funding under red  flag programs, those programs have to include minimum due process  protections. These protections are consistent with due process  safeguards provided in the 21 jurisdictions that already have these  laws, and several have already been upheld in the face of  constitutional challenges.   The Constitution already applies to these laws. The due process  guarantees would apply in any event, but we had no problem spelling it  out. That explicit protection in the legislative text is added for  reassurance. In so doing, our bipartisan group agreed that all 21  jurisdictions that already have red flag laws will all qualify for  funding under this bill. So, too, we agreed that any future  jurisdiction that enacts such a law must at least meet the same  constitutional due process minimum to be eligible.   I spell out this legislative history because it is important to  understand not only the context but also the intention of these  provisions. Let no one doubt that States like Connecticut, which  already have these laws, will receive funding.   I am also pleased that, among other measures, we have substantially  shrunk, even if not eliminated, the boyfriend loophole. We made straw  purchasing and trafficking illegal at the Federal level--a measure that  I know, as a former U.S. attorney and chief Federal prosecutor in  Connecticut, is enormously important. We are investing hundreds of  millions of dollars in community violence intervention and in the STOP  School Violence Program.   We have been meeting just this week and throughout these past years  with community groups and educators and others who want to stop mental  health  [[Page S3140]]  issues upstream before they create violence downstream. I know how  enormously important these measures can be for Connecticut and other  States.   Finally, let me say that I have come to the Senate floor too many  times--too many times to count--to call on us to honor with action  those incredibly strong, brave families from Sandy Hook and from all  around the country who have created this movement that we have now. It  is a movement that will go on. They are not stopping. Neither should  we. We need to continue with the same sense of urgency and purpose-- that movement--toward making America even safer.   This bill is a breakthrough that builds a foundation for the future.  It opens the door. Hopefully, it will show colleagues who have,  perhaps, been reluctant to stand up to the gun lobby in the past and  have helped to maintain the vice-like grip of that gun lobby on the  Congress that their power is done. They have not only waned in their  impact, but their intimidation and threats will no longer hold sway  here.   So we are saving lives. It is a proud moment for the U.S. Senate, and  I thank all of my colleagues for supporting this breakthrough measure.   