 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7066, the  Russia and Belarus Financial Sanctions Act.   I thank Chairwoman Waters, Ranking Member McHenry, and my co-lead on  this bill, the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Hill), for their work in  bringing forward this legislation.   This bill passed unanimously in the Financial Services Committee in  March. The Russia and Belarus Financial Sanctions Act represents a  significant step forward in imposing sanctions on Russia and on Belarus  for their historic aggression.   I have spent 26 years on the Foreign Affairs Committee and well over  a decade on the Congressional Ukrainian Caucus. I understand the  importance of financial sanctions in changing Russia's behavior in part  through my discussions with President Zelenskyy and other Ukrainian  leaders who have pointed out that that is their Achilles' heel.   Chairwoman Waters and I have for several years been pushing to  prohibit Americans from purchasing all new Russian sovereign debt and  have passed that through the House several times. But that was before  the invasion.   As has been explained by my colleagues who have spoken, we now have  effective sanctions prohibiting U.S. financial institutions from  engaging in a wide range of transactions with Russian and Belarusian  individuals and entities--particularly the Russian Central Bank--many  of the state-owned enterprises and financial institutions, and  oligarchs.   But what people have not focused on is that these sanctions apply  only to U.S. persons and do not apply to the over 1,000 foreign  subsidiaries of American financial institutions. As we meet here today,  foreign subsidiaries owned by U.S. financial institutions are engaging  in the very financial transactions that we have prohibited if engaged  by a U.S. institution. It is time to deal with this gaping loophole.  That is why this bill requires all U.S. financial institutions to  prevent their foreign subsidiaries from engaging in transactions  prohibited to U.S.-based financial institutions.   Madam Speaker, I think it is important that this bill has acquired  bipartisan support and shows that Congress comes together to deal with  this outrageous invasion, and I urge my colleagues to support this  timely legislation.   