 Madam President, I rise today to speak in support of  Martha Williams to be the Director of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife  Service.   I represent a State that goes by many names. Most of you know it as  Montana, but it is often called Big Sky Country, the Last Best Place,  and even the Treasure State. Montana has earned these names through an  abundance of beauty and natural resources, and as a result we have  fostered a robust outdoor economy that relies on responsible forest  management. Folks come to Montana from all over the world to enjoy all  that our State has to offer. Thousands of folks make their living by  working the land and showing folks the best way to enjoy it.   But the key to preserving our multibillion-dollar outdoor economy is  proper stewardship and oversight of our natural resources. That means  talking to folks on the ground. It means bringing competing interests  to the table to find the most sustainable ways to manage our public  lands. Not only do our forests and rivers create thousands of good- paying jobs, but they also create countless memories for families in  our country. So it is critically important that we have balanced  oversight in place to guarantee that Montana's outdoor economy remains  vibrant for generations to come.   The Director of Fish and Wildlife Service plays a central role in  this oversight, and that is why I am proud to support Martha Williams'  nomination today. As Director, she will be tasked with the management  and recovery of our Nation's fish and wildlife and overseeing a large  chunk of our public lands--89 million acres, to be exact, from  Montana's own Red Rock Lakes National Wildlife Refuge all the way to  the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.   As a Montanan and a former Director of the Montana Fish, Wildlife,  and Parks, Ms. Williams has demonstrated time and time again her  ability to bring folks together to find lasting solutions, to  collaborate to find common ground. She always leads with science and  has developed State management plans for issues ranging from grizzly  bears to aquatic invasive mussels, and she has done it with input from  all the relevant stakeholders.   She also has a profound respect and understanding of the bedrock laws  that guide responsible land and wildlife management. She will be  bringing with her over a decade of legal experience with the Montana  Fish, Wildlife, and Parks as well as a well-regarded legal scholar at  the University of Montana.   She has spent her entire career standing up for our public lands and  proven herself to be a thoughtful, nonpartisan steward who works  collaboratively with folks on the ground to make positive change. Her  top-notch ability to find common ground between sportsmen and  conservationists alike and her skills as an exceptional problem-solver  will make her an outstanding Director at the Fish and Wildlife Service.   She has strong support from sports men and women, biologists, and  academics alike and has already received strong bipartisan support from  the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee. She was passed out  of committee on a 16-to-4 vote.   Make no mistake about it, we will miss her leadership in the Treasure  State, but I am looking forward to seeing her effective management  skills at the Federal level. This position is very important for the  stewardship of our land and our waters, and I would urge my colleagues  to support her confirmation today.   And in that vein, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate consider  the following nomination: Calendar No. 650, Martha Williams, of  Montana, to be Director of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service; that the  nomination be  [[Page S556]]  confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon  the table.    Madam President, could I just get a minute?    Because I know there is a vote coming.   First of all, I would ask my friend from Alaska--I appreciate the  fact you are standing up for your constituents to do what is right. I  have no problem with that whatsoever. I have no problem with the  concerns you brought up on the Russian River and the King Cove Road,  although I don't know the issues nearly as well as you do. But my point  is this: If you are able to put Ms. Williams in as Director of the Fish  and Wildlife Service, she has a track record of listening to people.  You happen to have a ``U.S. Senator'' in front of your name; you will  be at the top of the list. She is not somebody who shuts the door and  says: Just because you are Republican, I don't want to listen to you.  She is somebody who always brings in people, collaborates, and comes to  a decision that will work. I wouldn't be up here advocating for her if  I didn't believe that.   