 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the previous  question so that we can amend the rule to immediately consider H.R.  6858, the American Energy Independence from Russia Act.   We are on the House floor today because House Democrats have decided  to bring up yet another bill to benefit their special interests instead  of dealing with the number one pocketbook issue facing the American  people. That is energy affordability and reliability.   The world is at the brink of war, and Americans are suffering from  higher prices not only at the gas pump, but in every part of American  life because when energy becomes more expensive, everything else does  as well.   Recent news reports show that Democrat Members of this body are  asking the President to declare a climate emergency and halt energy  production on Federal lands entirely.   The Transportation Secretary--this is hard to believe--tells  Americans to stop complaining about high gas prices and buy electric  vehicles that cost nearly twice as much as the median wage in this  country. He might as well have yelled, ``Let them eat cake.''    Energy security is national security and increasing our energy  security should be the number one priority in Congress today instead of  finding new ways to enrich trial lawyers.   Representative Cathy McMorris Rodgers' bill, the American Energy  Independence from Russia Act, of which I am an original cosponsor, is a  critical step we must take to reverse President Biden's anti-American  energy policies that have emboldened Vladimir Putin to invade Ukraine.  As he fought to keep American energy in the ground, our reliance on  foreign oil grew, and here we are, more reliant on foreign sources  today.   Last year, I stood on the floor of this House and talked about the  flawed decision by President Joe Biden to lift sanctions on the Nord  Stream 2 pipeline, further tying European nations to Russian sources of  energy; primarily natural gas, which burns dirtier than American gas.   In addition, given the resources we have here in the United States,  we should never buy oil and gas from Russia. That puts American  consumer dollars right in the pocket of one of the richest men in the  world, Vladimir Putin. He is laughing all the way to the bank and now,  sadly, all the way to Ukraine.   Russian oil imports reached an 11-year high last year in the United  States, which cost American consumers $17.5 billion.   The McMorris Rodgers' bill would immediately approve the Keystone XL  pipeline, remove all restrictions on LNG exports, restart oil and gas  leasing on Federal lands and waters, and require the Biden  administration to submit to this Congress an energy security plan to  reduce energy and gas prices for all Americans.   Despite President Biden's deflection, this isn't Putin's price hike.  Gas prices were already up 55 percent from the day Biden took office,  and this was before Russia invaded Ukraine.   If you Democrats are going to keep telling lies about American energy  using TikTok actors to push these lies, I am going to keep telling the  truth about what policies are failing American families.   This attack on American energy started during President Biden's  campaign for President. Putin watched as Biden vowed to eliminate  fossil fuel production in the U.S. during the 2019 Presidential debate,  canceled the Keystone XL pipeline on his first day in office, and  halted all new oil and gas leases on Federal lands.   Biden's war on American energy knows no limits. This does not have to  be our reality, folks. The President and the Democrat majority could  take immediate steps both to strengthen our energy security and reduce  prices at the pump for American families.   And hear this: America, the United States, has led the world in  emissions reductions. You all don't want to acknowledge that. The  President has completely sold out the environmental left, whose Green  New Deal policies have caused consumers to pay an average of nearly  $4.50 per gallon at the pump, the highest cost in United States  history, and still these costs are rising.   Further, many of these environmental NGOs pushing the Green New Deal  policies are funded by Vladimir Putin himself to ensure our dependence  on Russian energy and kill American energy development.   The United States is blessed with abundant natural resources, but we  are cursed with liberal politicians who refuse to allow Americans to  benefit from them. They also refuse to let our allies benefit. There  are currently six, Madam Speaker, six LNG export terminal permit  requests at the Department of Energy. Zero have been approved. Even  during President Obama's time, more LNG export terminals were approved.   If Democrats really were interested in cutting Putin's leverage, they  would be focused on increasing U.S. exports to Europe because European  nations have 40 percent of Europe's energy supply coming from Russia.  The reality is, they would rather sell their Green New Deal ideology  while lining the pockets of tyrants in the Kremlin, Iran, and  Venezuela. American consumers are paying these tyrants.   Europe and the rest of the world needs American energy leadership at  this time. Drill more. Export now. Cut off that money pipeline to  Vladimir Putin.   Let's flip the switch and vote on the American Energy Independence  from Russia Act to unleash American energy production and security.   Madam Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote on the previous question so the  House can immediately consider this important bill.   