 Mr. President, 15 years ago, an environmental group  called the Clean Sky Coalition launched an ad campaign targeting coal.  The ads featured faces covered in soot, with the headline: ``Face it,  Coal is Filthy.''   Of the many controversial ad campaigns we have seen over the years,  this doesn't seem particularly noteworthy, but these ads at the time  sparked so much outrage that they were eventually pulled.   You might wonder why. An environmental group attacking coal is hardly  front-page news. Why was this ad campaign different? This wasn't a  matter of what was being said; it was a matter of who was saying it and  why.   It quickly came to life that the group behind the ad was only about 2  weeks old, and the entire ``pro-environment'' effort was sponsored by a  natural gas company seeking market share over coal.   As they say, politics makes for strange bedfellows--in this case,  environmentalists and natural gas companies were both anti-coal,  though, for very different reasons.   Knowing that the American people wouldn't respond to the argument  that coal is bad because it means less business for the gas companies,  this particular company found a deceptive and manipulative way to help  shape public opinion.   Today, we are seeing a similar push but with much greater reach and  far higher stakes. Just as one company used the guise of  environmentalism to attack its competition, Russia today is using the  same tactic to boost its own profits and enhance its power.   The Office of Director of National Intelligence released a report in  2017 outlining some of Russia's disinformation campaign, on everything  from U.S. elections to U.S. energy policy.   Of course, one of the Kremlin's favorite tools is its intentional  propaganda outlet known as RT, formally known as Russia Today.   According to the report, RT ran anti-fracking programming in the  United States that highlighted environmental and public health  concerns. That is right. The propaganda arm of the Russian Federation,  RT, was running anti-fracking programming in the United States. And you  might ask yourself: For what purpose?   Well, the Director of National Intelligence report in 2017 said: This  is likely reflective of the Russian Government's concern about the  impact of fracking, which is a device to release natural gas from  shale. The report said this is likely reflective of the Russian  Government's concern about the impact of fracking in U.S. natural gas  production on the global energy market and the potential challenges to  Gazprom's profitability--Gazprom, of course, being the Russian  Federation's energy company.    In short, all of this propaganda on Russia today and the opposition  to fracking that they were encouraging would be good for the sale of  Russian gas as opposed to natural gas produced here in the United  States.   Russia can't seem to dominate the global energy market on its own, so  it tries to take down the competition. It is not just a matter of  dollars and cents; it is a matter of geopolitical power. This isn't a  farfetched conspiracy theory that was crafted to combat the Green New  Deal. As I said, it comes from an unclassified report from the Director  of National Intelligence Office 5 years ago--2017.   Knowledge of this practice likely predates that report by a number of  years. Reporting indicates that even Hillary Clinton spoke about those  malign activities in a 2014 speech. She warned about what she called  ``phony environmental groups'' that were funded by the Russians.   Russia is no stranger--in fact, they are expert at disinformation  campaigns, and it doesn't abide by the same moral and ethical codes as  the rest of the world.   The past several days have shone a light on how far Putin is willing  to go to increase his own power. I am not suggesting that all  environmental groups are funded by the Russian Government--not in the  slightest--but we need to be clear-eyed about Russia's efforts to shape  U.S. policies and European policies for their own benefit. We need to  be hyperaware of the ways decisions made in Washington could benefit  Moscow and empower Putin to the detriment of our allies in NATO and in  Europe.   Unfortunately, the energy cards in Europe are currently stacked in  Russia's favor. From day one, the Biden administration has taken  hostile actions toward American energy suppliers and sent even more  business to Russia.   Only hours after the President was sworn in on January 20, 2021, he  canceled the permit for the Keystone XL Pipeline and halted all new  energy leasing and permitting on public lands and waters. His  administration effectively discouraged investments in new production,  and now the United States is producing less oil and less natural gas.  Production is, in fact, down about 1.2 million barrels a day in the  United States, and that has to be made up somewhere because the world  continues to consume energy. It needs energy in order to survive and to  thrive. Where does it get that energy when the United States does not  produce it? Well, you guessed it--it gets it from Russia, and it gets  it from OPEC, including the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.   Sadly, the buck doesn't stop there. In light of Russia's invasion of  Ukraine, the Biden administration hasn't taken any effective action  against Putin's energy weapon. Even though the administration has  imposed sanctions on Russian banks and oligarchs, the country's  lucrative oil and gas industry remains untouched. This is their primary  financial asset.   I remember our friend John McCain, when he was still alive, used to  joke that Russia is a gas station masquerading as a country, making the  obvious point in a humorous way.   Russia continues to use these oil sales and natural gas sales and the  captive markets that it has in Europe and in other places around the  world in order to finance its war against innocent Ukrainians. There is  no question but that the revenue from these exports--and we have seen  the price of oil since Putin invaded Ukraine again--the price of a  barrel of oil go up to $115 a barrel. And there is no question that he  is using the revenue derived from the sale of that $115 barrel oil to  kill innocent Ukrainians and to violate their sovereignty and to commit  war crimes. We simply cannot continue to supply Russia with the blood  money it needs to carry out its nefarious actions.   I am proud to cosponsor legislation that was introduced by our friend  from Kansas, Senator Marshall, to ban the purchase of Russian oil in  the United States. We have the great fortune of living in a resource- rich country, and there is no reason we should be importing Russian  oil, now more than ever.   The President said he does not want to target Russian oil and gas  because of the impact it will have on prices here at home. Well, we  already know that because of inflation--because of shoveling money out  of Washington, DC, out into the great American economy, inflation has  already caused prices at the pump and prices in the  [[Page S973]]  grocery stores to rise. Given the fact that gas prices have already  risen 40 percent since President Biden took office, I understand his  concerns, but that doesn't mean Russia should get a free pass.   Rather than identify ways to offset global demand for Russian energy,  President Biden is inadvertently playing into Putin's hand. He is not  calling for any more American-made oil and gas; he is calling for less.   Tuesday evening, President Biden said he wants to double America's  clean energy production, including sources like wind and solar. I want  to be clear, I support an ``all of the above'' energy policy. As I have  said time and time again, Texas produces more energy from wind than any  other State in the country, and it is an important part of our energy  mix.   Every day, though, Texas is also making serious strides in energy  innovation. This is the way to solve the problem; it is to innovate-- not to regulate, not to tax, not to punish, but to innovate. We need to  continue to find ways to innovate cleaner sorts of energy as we  eventually transition, as we must at some point in the future--maybe  decades from now--from petroleum-based products to some other source of  energy.   I believe we need to continue to encourage innovation and  diversification of our energy sources, but the fact remains today that  renewables are not close to being able to supply the energy needs that  our country demands. As it stands today, renewables--solar, wind-- comprise less than 20 percent of our electricity generation. We know  the Sun doesn't always shine and the wind doesn't always blow, and when  Mother Nature fails to deliver an adequate supply of energy, we need  some other source of that energy, which means American-produced natural  gas and oil.    If the President continues to wage a war on American oil and gas  companies, we won't be able to protect ourselves or our allies.   One of the great things about the shale gas revolution is our ability  to ship energy overseas to our friends and allies around the world.  Unfortunately, the infrastructure has not kept up with the demand,  leaving our friends and allies dependent on Vladimir Putin and the  Russian Federation for their only choice. We need to provide them more  choices, and that means produce more here in America of clean-burning  natural gas and then exporting that LNG to our friends and allies  around the world so they aren't subject to Putin's extortion and  demands.   Our top priority needs to be, when it comes to energy, to pursue  independence. If we are able to bolster renewables, invest in carbon  capture technologies, and take other steps along the way to reduce  emissions, that is a great goal for us to pursue. But our No. 1  priority here, today, and now should be for the United States and our  allies to be energy secure. Right now, Europe is not energy secure; it  is energy insecure because of the intentional acts of Vladimir Putin to  make Russia the sole source of energy needs for countries in Europe and  the policies restricting the development of our American-made energy  here in the United States.   Just a few years ago, we were almost there when it came to energy  security. In 2019, the United States became a net total energy exporter  for the first time since 1952--a net total energy exporter. The last  time we did that, it was 1952, and we maintained that status through  the year 2020. But President Biden has, for reasons that are  inscrutable to me, turned back the clock, taking us from an era of  energy independence back to the oil crisis of the 1970s.   For decades, leaders in our country fought to reduce our reliance on  foreign oil in anticipation of a global crisis exactly like the one we  are facing now. We can't erase all of this progress we have made at the  exact moment when we need that progress and that production the most.   Russia will always use energy as a weapon to tear down and intimidate  its adversaries. The United States, conversely, must use it as a tool  to lift up our allies and improve global energy security.   I yield the floor.   