 Madam President, for generations, manufacturing was the  lifeblood of communities across Ohio and throughout the country. It was  heavily unionized, and the jobs paid well. It is not a coincidence that  those two things go together. These jobs allowed generations of  Americans to build a middle-class life.   I walked the halls at Mansfield Senior High School and Johnny  Appleseed Junior High School with the sons and daughters of  steelworkers and ironworkers and carpenters and machinists and auto  workers and electricians. Workers, the parents of kids in my school-- those workers--innovated on the shop floor. They propelled our economy  to new heights. They allowed us to lead the world in developing new  industries.   But Ohioans know all too well what happened next. Beginning in the  1970s and the 1980s, we stopped making things in our country.   Look at places like my hometown in Mansfield, OH. It is an industrial  city of about 50,000 people, halfway between Cleveland and Columbus.  Companies like Westinghouse, Tappan Stove, Ohio Brass, and General  Motors closed down, one after another, after another.   Go to any town in Ohio, and people can name a similar list. They will  measure, oftentimes, their local history in lost plants and lost jobs.   All over America, companies were moving production elsewhere in the  name of efficiency. ``Efficiency'' was business speak for lower wages.  Corporate America always wanted cheaper labor wherever they could find  it.   First, they went to anti-union, anti-worker, low-wage States, often  in the South. Then, when those wages weren't low enough, they moved  overseas, first to Mexico and then to China.   When those companies moved out, they weren't replaced by new  investment. The market fundamentalists would talk about creative  destruction, but it wasn't followed by any construction, creative or  otherwise.   That corporate greed was aided by decades of underinvestment, by bad  trade policies, which these corporations lobbied this body for-- successfully, unfortunately--in NAFTA, PNTR with China, and the Central  American Free Trade Agreement. Then it was also followed by even worse  tax policy, which these special interests also lobbied this institution  for.   It all drove production overseas. It left us relying on other  countries, too often our economic competitors. It exposed us to supply  shocks. It gutted--ultimately gutted--the middle class in Mansfield,  OH, and communities all over this country.   Ohioans and workers in historic industrial towns felt it first. Now,  the whole country feels it in the form of higher prices and empty  shelves and months-long waits for products people need.   We need to make more things in America. It is not going to happen on  its own, not when the economy of the last four decades was built on  corporations hopping the globe in search of workers to exploit, not  when countries like China prop up state-owned enterprises and steal our  ideas and monetize them and use them to compete and often cheat against  American businesses and American workers.   We need a concerted, coordinated effort to invest in our greatest  assets: American workers and American innovation. That is what we do  with this competition and jobs bill. We need to negotiate a final bill  and pass this now. Ohioans needed this a year ago, a decade ago, a  generation ago.   Look at what is happening even today in Bucyrus, OH.   There are few innovations more quintessentially American than the  light bulb. Every elementary schooler learns that Thomas Edison, from  Milan, OH, invented the light bulb at his lab in Menlo Park, NJ, and  Ohio became the center of the light bulb industry.   But we have seen plants close across Ohio in Ravenna and Warren. We  are told these plants are old and dated. They made the old-fashioned  incandescent bulbs. Instead, now, they told us, Americans would make  new, next-generation-type technology like LED bulbs. That is not  exactly what happened--promises, promises.   We learned that two Ohio factories that were part of the LED light  bulb supply chain in Ohio, in Bucyrus and in Logan, OH, were closing  their operations.   Get this. They promised LED bulbs would be made in the United States.  Today, 99--99, actually more than 99; 99 point something--percent of  LED light bulb production is in China.   Think about that: 99 percent of this quintessential American  invention is made in China.   When you move the entire production overseas, you move the shop floor  innovation right along with it. Think about that. Much of our  innovation comes because workers on the shop floor think about--as they  are doing their work, they think about--better ways to produce this,  and they think about making a better product. But corporate America, of  course, underestimated the ingenuity of American workers or they just  didn't care. So when plants moved overseas, the innovation of shops or  innovation in America simply stopped.    Look at the semiconductor shortage. American research and development  created the chips, and American companies did most of the  manufacturing. Yet, over time, production, often fueled by incentives  from foreign countries and sellout by politicians lobbied by corporate  interests, moved those jobs overseas.   During the pandemic, companies across Ohio and the rest of the  country shut down production lines and laid off workers because they  couldn't get enough semiconductors. Whether you are the Ford Motor  Company in Lima, OH; Whirlpool in Clyde, OH; Kenworth in Chillicothe,  OH; Navistar in Springfield, OH, you needed those chips. In the  semiconductor industry, we see the problem; we see the solution.   In the end of January, Senator Portman and I flew to Columbus to join  Intel to announce the largest ever investment in semiconductor  manufacturing. It will create 10,000 good-paying jobs. Union  tradespeople--5,000 over the next 10 years--will build this entire  facility. It is possible because we are on the verge of passing a  historic investment in American innovation and manufacturing.   The Senate called it the Innovation and Competition Act. The House  calls it the COMPETES Act. Call it for what it is: It is the ``Make It  in America Act.''   The bill includes the CHIPS Act to make investments like Intel in  Ohio possible and to position us to lead the world again in this  industry. It expands advanced manufacturing hubs and will create more  of these hubs around the country, and it is a real coordinated strategy  to invest in R&D.   We know our competitors like China spend billions propping up state- owned enterprises and investing in research and development. China has  gotten pretty good at taking our ideas, monetizing them, and using them  to compete against American businesses while paying their workers less  and giving them fewer worker protection rights.   That is why, in the Banking and Housing Committee, we worked to make  sure the bill includes powerful new sanctions for Chinese actors who  steal trade secrets. It is why Senator Portman and I are working to  include our Leveling the Playing Field Act 2.0--to give American  businesses updated and effective tools to fight back. We know that when  we have a level playing field and when we harness the ingenuity of  American workers, we can outcompete anyone.   It is time to make things in America again. Ohio has buried the term  ``Rust Belt.'' It is time for our whole country to bury the term ``Rust  Belt.'' It is long past time to pass a final ``Make It in America''  bill and send it to the President's desk.   