 Madam President, you know, listening to Senator Portman's  speech, I don't know how you cannot be impressed with his incredible  record of accomplishment, and it is a record of accomplishment that  will stand the test of time. It is not surprising because all you have  to do is look at all the things he accomplished before coming to the  United States Senate. So it certainly is no surprise that he has done  incredible work over the last 12 years.   He was 14 years, I think, in the House and had a tremendous record of  success there. He was U.S. Trade Ambassador for President Bush, and  that has the same status as full Ambassador. So for all of his time  here in the Senate, he didn't want me to call him Senator Portman; he  always wanted me to call him Ambassador Portman. Instead, I call him  ``El Gran Toro,'' but that is another story which I will get to. And he  was OMB Director for President Bush. So when you look at the incredible  experience and track record of accomplishment that he brought here, it  is no surprise that--in his speech, he talked about a lot of incredible  accomplishments, but there is a lot more that you didn't talk about.  You could have talked for a long, long time because you truly did  accomplish so many things that are important not just for the Buckeye  State but for our country. I am just pleased to have had the  opportunity to work with you.   You mentioned some of the things we worked on, and it is interesting  because as you were talking about the things you worked on and the  Members you worked with, I just took a quick count. There were more  than 20 Senators sitting here, and you mentioned every single one of  them and many, many more. I kind of got the feeling that if all 100  Senators were here, you probably could have mentioned every single one  of them and something that you accomplished with them. Think about what  that says--Republicans and Democrats.   I think he could have had every single Senator on the floor, and he  could have gone around and talked about, hey, you remember we worked on  this and we worked on that, and not just worked on it but passed it  into legislation, and in every case, it was something that had a  meaningful impact for our country and for our respective States.   Senator Portman and I came here together, and we have been close  right from the start, probably a little bit of our shared heritage from  college. We worked together. We traveled together, you know, around the  world--India, South Korea, obviously Mexico, Central America--and  invariably learned an incredible amount on those trips. But whether it  was on those trips or almost any other time, I always learned from Rob.  I mean, the guy has incredible experience and a lifetime of learning  but also such a keen intellect--such a keen intellect. He is somebody  who imparts that knowledge to you in the best way possible, never  coming across with any kind of ego or ``I know something that maybe you  don't'' or anything like that but just in a friendly, helpful, great  way.   The other thing is his ability to work with people. I have observed  and tried to learn from it as well. I mean, it doesn't matter where you  are going or what you are doing, he takes the time to talk to people  and really talk to them--not just talk at them but actually connect  with them and get a smile on their face.   That is one of the reasons why I asked: Hey, Rob, why don't you teach  me some Spanish? We would go to a restaurant, and he would just start  speaking Spanish with somebody, and you could just see them--their face  would light up, and they would smile. He would make them happy and make  them feel welcome and warm. And he was always genuine--always genuine-- not doing it like a politician would do it but the way a person would  do it for another person, somebody who actually cares about people.   That is maybe where I kind of want to go as I wrap up here, is that,  you know, all the work he talked about, all of these accomplishments,  these things are important. They are important for Ohio. They are  important for our country and beyond. But his motivation in doing it  was always because he does care about people.   He recognized the things he is doing--you know, you have to  compromise here. You don't get things all your own way or the way you  think would be absolutely the best outcome. You have to work with  people. You have to compromise to get a result. But he always was  guided by the fact that he knew what he was doing. He did make things a  little bit better for other people. That is the right motivation. That  is the right reason to be here and do this work.  [[Page S7058]]    So we will truly, truly miss Rob and Jane and their wonderful family,  and I have gotten to know them all.   We are going to miss you a lot, but I do know this: We are going to  continue to see you. We are going to continue to work on things with  you.   I am not sure what he is going to do next, but it is just like I  started out talking about. His incredible record of accomplishment  before he got here and his incredible record of accomplishment here,  both in what he has done and the relationships and friendships he has  built, leaves no doubt--no doubt whatsoever--that he is going to  continue to do some wonderful and amazing things, and I look forward to  seeing what those things are.   Rob, we are going to miss you. Thanks for all you have done. Thanks  for being such a good friend.   I yield the floor.   