 Madam President, reserving the right to object.   First of all, let me agree with my Republican colleagues. We stand in  awe today of the Ukrainian people, of President Zelenskyy, of the  Ukrainian military. They have given the Russians more than they thought  was coming. They have stood up a defense and are resistant. The world  has watched with admiration, and the jury is, frankly, still out as to  whether the Russians can make good on their plans, given how fierce the  Ukrainians have fought.   And I have been proud to stand with my colleagues on this floor as we  have delivered additional aid to Ukraine, as we have made sure they  have had the Javelins and the Stingers necessary to protect themselves.  I have been proud to visit Ukraine with many of my colleagues here  today, and we are going to continue to stand with the Ukrainian people.   But I want to make two points today with respect to the effort that  has been undertaken by my good friend, the ranking member of the  Foreign Relations Committee.   First, let me make a specific point on the merits of the bill that is  being proposed here today.   Passing this bill with no committee process, no amendments, no debate  would be a terrible idea. What this bill does, essentially, is to  shatter American unity with Europe, with Japan, with South Korea, with  all the allies that have stood with us over the course of this past  week.   President Biden spent the last 2 months methodically building a  never-before-seen coalition of nations to impose the most significant  set of sanctions ever seen, and this bill would undo that.   Why? Because this would mandate that the United States impose certain  new sanctions over Europe's objection. It calls for the United States  to abandon our policy of focusing on multilateral sanctions and start  over with unilateral sanctions. Why is that a terrible idea? Well,  first, because unilateral sanctions just aren't as effective as  multilateral sanctions are. When you are talking about energy policy,  you want the Europeans with you because that is where the Russian  energy ends up. Without Europe, going at it alone, it makes the United  States look weak, and the sanctions just aren't as effective.   But second, this bill is a bad idea because breaking with Europe and  our NATO partners right now--that is exactly what Vladimir Putin wants.  Yes, he wants to control Ukraine, but what he wants more is to smash  the transatlantic alliance to pieces. He sees the invasion of Ukraine  as a wedge that will cause America to squabble and break with our  allies. Putin is setting a trap for us, and this bill would have us  walk right into that trap.   Third, let's be clear. With a couple of small exceptions, President  Biden has already done everything that this bill calls for and more.  This bill calls for sanctions on those responsible for the buildup of  forces around Ukraine. The administration has imposed sanctions on  Vladimir Putin, Foreign Minister Lavrov, 13 other members of Russia's  Security Council.   This bill calls for sanctions on Nord Stream 2. Nord Stream 2 is  done.  [[Page S859]]  Thanks to the committed diplomatic efforts of the Biden administration,  the German Government has put an end to Nord Stream 2, and we have  applied the sanctions.   This bill calls for sanctions on oligarchs. Biden did that with our  allies, and he went further. He launched a task force that is going to  identify, freeze, and take from Russian oligarchs their assets.   This bill calls for sanctions on financial institutions. The  administration has already targeted all 10 of Russia's largest  financial institutions, which hold more than three-quarters of the  Russian financial sector's total assets.   This bill calls for a prohibition on investment in occupied Ukrainian  territory. President Biden did that on the first day of the war.   This bill calls for sanctioning transactions involving the Russian  sovereign debt. President Biden did that on the second day of the war.   This bill calls for sanctions on Belarus. President Biden levied  sanctions on 24 Belarusian individuals, 2 state-owned banks, and 13 of  the country's industries.   President Biden has put together a sanctions package that is  sweeping, that is unprecedented, that is breaking the back of the  Russian economy. So why are we down here on the floor engaged in this  back-and-forth?    And that brings me to my second point, a broader one. It used to be  that the all-consuming politics of this town sometimes would take a  break when the crisis was big enough. Sometimes they would stop at the  water's edge. This was the case in 2001 when this country was attacked.   Republicans were in charge of the White House and both Houses of  Congress, and Democrats certainly had the choice to blame the attack on  President Bush to try to score political points. Democrats could have  come down to the floor to offer partisan bills. Democrats in the Senate  could have used their minority prerogatives to block Bush's national  security nominees.   But that is not what happened in 2001. Democrats and Republicans came  together because, at that moment, patriotism, the love of your country,  the defense of your country was more important than politics or party.   Now, today, the shoe is on the other foot. Democrats control the  White House, the House, and the Senate. And while our Nation wasn't  attacked last week, I would argue that this moment is the most perilous  that the United States and the world has faced, certainly since 2001,  but given the nuclear stakes involved in a conflict with Russia,  perhaps the most perilous since the Cuban Missile Crisis.   Now, I get it. The professional outrage machine that dominates  American politics today has deluded a lot of folks in the Congress into  believing that unity is weakness; that putting your country over party  is an anachronism. But I don't believe that.   I believe that sometimes the stakes are so high that you have got to  put aside your politics--at least temporarily--put aside your  disagreements and get behind your government.   Now, let's be honest. As this crisis has grown in seriousness, over  and over again Republicans have had the chance to do what Democrats did  in 2001: elevate loyalty to country.   But all through 2021, even as Senators were made aware of Russia's  plans to invade Ukraine, Senators Cruz and Hawley and a few others  continued to put politics first by blocking every single national  security nominee who came before this body, including those nominees  who would have been working to try to help Ukraine and stop the Russian  invasion.   Last month, Republicans and Democrats were working on a bipartisan  bill to support Ukraine in its time of need. Those negotiations were  difficult, but instead of staying at the table, Republicans walked away  with virtually no notice to Democrats and introduced this bill, with  only Republicans supporting it.   And now, instead of rallying behind a President who has shocked the  world by uniting friends and foes behind an unprecedented set of  crippling sanctions against Russia, Republicans are down here on the  floor, not more than a week since the Russian invasion began, to  highlight their grievances with the President's policies.   Russia invaded less than a week ago. We returned to Washington last  night, and instead of deciding to sit down with Republicans today and  work on agreeing on a package of support for Ukraine, like the one that  President Biden has requested, Republicans have instead chosen to spend  today, our first day back in the Senate since the invasion, playing  politics, trying to force a vote on a bill that they wrote, that not a  single Democrat supports, that everybody knows is not going to pass,  has no chance of passing.   Now, we could do the same thing. Democrats could just put a bill on  the floor that we all negotiated with ourselves and force Republicans  to vote on it. We could choose to use this week to highlight the  differences between Republicans and Democrats, but we are not going to  do that because our priority is to try to work together with our  Republican colleagues to find unity--unity--at this moment; to not use  the first day that we are back in session since the invasion began to  highlight the differences between our two parties.   And, frankly, when I look at what Republicans have been calling on  President Biden to do, I don't see a lot of daylight. I don't see a lot  of reason for complaint. I don't see the imperative to come down here  and highlight the differences.   Nord Stream 2 is gone. It is not happening. SWIFT sanctions,  previously opposed by Europe, are now happening. Russian banks are  being crippled. Assets of Russian oligarchs are being seized. Vladimir  Putin is being personally sanctioned. Embargoes are being put on key  technologies sent into Russia.   The set of sanctions that President Biden announced--it goes further  than what most all observers and pundits predicted. It is frankly  stunning how successful President Biden's diplomacy has been.   And it just strains all credibility for Republicans to suddenly claim  that this diplomacy is irrelevant and all these countries are going to  impose these sanctions even if President Biden did nothing.   I wish my colleagues could see the seriousness of this moment and the  need for us to focus our energies on coming together instead of playing  into our enemy's hands and showing our differences at this moment.   Our President has rallied the world to this fight. Vladimir Putin is  reeling, but we are forced to spend time today debating a partisan bill  introduced by only one party that has no chance of passage because  today on this floor scoring political points seems more important than  finding a way to come together--to come together with the President,  with both parties around our support for Ukraine.   And for those reasons, I object.    Madam President, reserving the right to object. First,  very quickly, let me make a few final points about Senator Risch's  comments.   Senator Risch says that this isn't a partisan exercise. It is. The  bill that Senator Risch is talking about was introduced by only  Republicans. It was introduced with no notice to Democrats. There was a  big showy press conference in which only Republicans were there. In  fact, the introduction of this bill was a messaging point for  Republicans to announce that they were no longer negotiating with  Democrats.   And so I appreciate that Senator Risch often is working very  industriously with Democrats, but in this case, it is a partisan bill.  Only Republicans support it.   And offering it today is not helpful to the process because it had no  chance of passage. Instead, today, we should be working on getting  additional funding to the Ukrainians.   President Biden has requested our help, has requested Congress to  step up and provide humanitarian assistance and more lethal assistance  to Ukraine. Right now, with the time that we are spending arguing over  a bill that is supported only by Republicans that is never going to  pass this body, we could be using that time to come together around a  bill that can pass, that will pass.   So that is why there is anger on our side about this exercise. There  are these moments in American history and world history where our focus  should be on unity, where our focus should be on coming together and  finding what we can do together; and, instead, the piece of legislation  that was just offered was a bill that was specifically introduced to  highlight the Republican position in contrast to the Biden  administration.   As for Senator Barrasso's bill, it suffers from the same problem,  which is it separates us from Europe. It separates us from our allies.  [[Page S861]]    There is a lot of wisdom on the Republican side of the aisle, but it  mystifies me why so many of my friends who know so much about Russia  don't understand that Putin's primary objective is to break NATO into  pieces, is to smash the European Union, is to create tensions and  fissures within the transatlantic alliance, right?   Putin sees the greatest catastrophe of the last 100 years as the  breakup of the Soviet Union, and he blames the United States and the  West for that breakup. So, while the invasion of Ukraine is part of his  process of remedying that grievance, the real crown--the real cherry on  top for Vladimir Putin--is the splintering apart of NATO and the United  States from Europe. Now, we almost got there during the Trump  administration. Relations were never worse; threats of pulling out of  NATO or refusing to honor our article 5 obligations.   I would argue that this invasion is happening in part because the  Biden administration made clear that there wasn't going to be a natural  disintegration of the transatlantic alliance, and so Vladimir Putin is  using this invasion of Ukraine, first and foremost, to get control of  the territory he wants but also to try to split us from each other. And  our fear is that bills like this essentially step into the trap that  Vladimir Putin has laid for us because secondary sanctions on European  entities against the wishes of European governments splits us from each  other. Had Joe Biden gone this route, you would have never had the  Europeans working with us on swift sanctions. You would have never had  the Europeans working with us on the seizure of Russian assets.   But because Joe Biden made the wise decision to do these sanctions in  concert with Europe, we got more than we could have ever imagined. And  this bill would walk us backwards, undo that unity with our colleagues.   It may be that there will be a moment in time where we can convince  our European colleagues to move with us on sanctions against certain  elements of Russia's energy economy, but we must do that together. We  have to do that together because you need to understand what Putin's  larger game is. It is the breakup of the transatlantic alliance.   I wish my colleagues were on the floor today, celebrating-- celebrating what President Biden has done. Nobody thought that he could  keep the alliance, that he could keep us together with Europe, that he  could get Europe to agree to what they have already agreed to. I wish  we were rallying behind our President right now.   I get it that there are always differences between the Republicans  and a Democratic President, but, boy, this would be a great moment for  us to be on the floor, supporting the breakthrough that President Biden  has achieved on crippling sanctions against Russia and spending this  day working together to try to deliver billions of dollars in  additional aid to Ukraine. Instead, we are engaged in a partisan  squabble over bills that have no chance of passing, that are literally  just as valuable as the pieces of paper that the press releases from  the Republicans will be written on.   I hope that we can get beyond today and get down to work on serious  business--the serious business of coming together, Republicans and  Democrats, and providing Ukraine the assistance they need, in a  bipartisan way, through a package of support that can be supported by  both parties and signed by this President.   For that reason, I object.   