 Madam President, 4 weeks ago, I was sitting where you are  sitting, presiding over the Senate on a quiet Tuesday afternoon, when  news broke that 19 children--all the same age as my youngest son--had  been gunned down in their Texas elementary school.   As I scrolled through the early reports of the carnage, all I could  think of were these two simple questions: What are we doing? Why are we  here?   I sat up there obsessing over our willful decision as a body to  ignore the slaughter that has become so regular that the news only  seems to pay attention now when over a dozen die. Our collective  decision year after year is to do nothing. What is the point of this  job that we fought so hard to get if we just decide that saving  children's lives is too hard or involves too inconvenient an amount of  political risk?   Shooting after shooting, murder after murder, suicide after suicide-- for 30 years, Congress stood in its political corners and did nothing.  But not this time. Within 2 days of the Uvalde massacre, Senator  Cornyn, Senator Tillis, Senator Sinema, and I, joined by other Members  of this body, had started talking, not about our disagreements--we  [[Page S3143]]  have plenty of those--but instead about what could be possible if we  sat together and refused to give up until we figured out the set of  things that we could agree on--the things that could get 60 votes--to  save lives.   I am so grateful in the bottom of my soul to John, to Thom, to  Kyrsten, and the other Senators here who took part in these talks for  what they did over these last 4 weeks.   I am grateful to Senator Schumer and Senator McConnell for empowering  these discussions and allowing us to have this debate this week.   I am equally proud of my team--Allison and Samir, Emily and Rebecca,  Pete and Elizabeth--who worked 24/7 for the last 30 days straight to  get this bill done.   But mostly I am proud of the regular people all across this country,  many of whom were forced to become advocates after this epidemic took  from them a son or a daughter, a mother or a father. Those citizens,  many of whom are watching this debate right now, who protested or wrote  letters or showed up at townhalls year after year, failure after  failure, roadblock after roadblock, refusing to give up because the  stakes--their children's safety--was so high that they couldn't afford  to give up, that is who I am really proud of today, people who would  not take no for an answer and knew that the righteousness of their  cause had to eventually prevail.   This bill is a compromise. It doesn't do everything I want. But what  we are doing will save thousands of lives without violating anyone's  Second Amendment rights.   Through more effective red flag laws, by keeping guns away from  domestic abusers, by being more careful about giving weapons to 18- year-olds, by getting more people access to treatment for their mental  illness, this will become the most significant piece of anti-gun  violence legislation Congress has passed in three decades.   As a result, this bill also has the chance to prove to a weary  American public that democracy is not so broken that it is unable to  rise to the moment when the need for action, like right now, in the  wake of Uvalde and Buffalo, is most acute.   What are we doing? Why are we here? We are answering those questions  today--not fully but with enough force that anxious moms and dads and  kids all across this Nation will wake up tomorrow and be a little more  confident that the adults who run this country actually care about  their safety, because, you know what, people still believe in us.  People still count on us.   Two months after his son was gunned down by a 19-year-old with an  assault rifle in Sandy Hook, one of the dads came to Congress and gave  this testimony: ``Before he died,'' Neil Heslin told Congress, my son  ``Jesse and I used to talk about maybe coming to Washington someday. He  wanted to go up to the Washington monument. When we talked about it  last year Jesse asked if we could [go] meet the President. Now I could  be a little cynical about politicians. But Jesse, he believed in you.  He learned about you in school and he believed in you. I want to  believe in you, too. I know you can't give me Jesse back. Believe me,  if I thought you could, I'd be asking you for that. But I want to  believe that you will think about what happened to my son and what I've  seen. I want to believe that you'll think about it and then you'll do  something about it.''   What are we doing? What are we here for if not to do something-- something meaningful, something real, something together--to end this  carnage.   Jesse believed in us. And, today, more so than at any time since I  came to Congress 16 years ago, I believe in us too.   I yield the floor.   