 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the previous  question and in support of H.R. 471, the Protecting Americans from  Unnecessary Spread upon Entry from COVID-19 Act, the PAUSE Act.   This week, I joined Leader McCarthy and several of my colleagues at a  meeting with the National Border Patrol Council, representatives of  18,000 members of the Border Patrol, to discuss the crisis at the  southern border.   Just as we predicted, the number of daily border encounters has been  trending dramatically upward since  [[Page H4226]]  President Biden took office in 2021. The administration has created an  untenable situation from which it may take several years, at a minimum,  to recover.   The irresponsible decision to roll back Title 42, the Public Health  and Welfare authority; the halting of border wall construction; the  lack of support for frontline law enforcement personnel; the  undermining of the Migrant Protection Protocols; and the total absence  of a long-term border security plan of any sort have only made matters  worse.   The U.S. Customs and Border Protection is now seeing over 7,000  encounters daily, and the Department of Homeland Security is said to be  bracing for a significant mass influx of nearly 18,000 migrants daily  when title 42 ends. That is absolutely an untenable situation.   As the U.S. finally gets a handle on managing the spread of new  variants and moves steadily toward a post-pandemic recovery, now is not  the time to end the use of title 42 and jeopardize all that progress,  especially as numerous countries continue to struggle with the rapid  spread of COVID-19 and strengthening variants.   The very purpose of title 42 is to prevent the introduction of  dangerous communicable diseases into American communities. We should be  doubling down on protecting our communities and economy from these  threats, not weakening them.   Our border security and immigration system cannot handle any more  pull factors, as the Biden administration has proven unwilling to  secure our southern border. As we are witnessing, the administration  continues to strip every tool for managing the border crisis away from  frontline law enforcement.    Mr. Speaker, transnational criminal organizations and drug  cartels are taking full advantage by highlighting the weak border  security posture of the administration while profiting from this  crisis. The administration continues to roll back commonsense border  security measures, thereby feeding into a false narrative for would-be  migrants and encouraging them to come to the United States to seek  asylum.   Many migrants who make this dangerous journey to the United States  will not be eligible under the Federal law for asylum, forcing them to  seek other ways to enter the United States.   We know for a fact that cartels control who crosses the U.S.-Mexico  border. They charge migrants exorbitant fees knowing that some will  never be able to repay, leading many of the migrants with only one  option: to work off their fees.    Mr. Speaker, this work often leads them into a trafficking  situation here in the United States.   Drugs, such as fentanyl, methamphetamine, and other fentanyl-laced  drugs, are pouring across the southern border and destroying our  communities and ending the lives of thousands of Americans every year.  This year alone, for the first time, more than 100,000 Americans died  of drug overdoses. That is directly related to the border. It has to  stop.   I appreciate the focus of my colleagues on this critical homeland  security issue, especially my colleague from New Mexico, who knows  firsthand the impact the border crisis is having on our communities.   