 Mr. President, China is not a developing nation. China is  the world's second largest economy. China is the world's largest  manufacturer, and China is the world's No. 1 creditor. Yet this body,  the U.S. Senate, is poised to ratify a treaty that ignores those facts  and treats China with kid gloves. Simply put, the Kigali Amendment  places America at a competitive disadvantage, using American taxpayer  dollars to subsidize Chinese companies.   The Kigali Amendment restricts supplies of compounds called  hydrofluorocarbons or HFCs, which are refrigerants used in most air- conditioning and refrigeration systems. The rationale is that HFCs  leaking out of equipment and into the atmosphere add to climate change.  However, even the EPA admits that HFCs contribute only five one- hundreths of 1 degree Celsius to projected increases in global  temperature.   As a developing nation, designated as such under the Kigali  Amendment, China is eligible to receive funding from the $4.5 billion  Multilateral Fund, of which the United States is, not surprisingly, the  largest contributor.   If this treaty is ratified, the United States will be required under  the treaty to meet strict deadlines for phasing out HFCs, while China  is given an additional 10-year timeline to come into compliance with  the same standards. It is doubtful, given its track record, that China  has any intention of actually meeting its environmental obligations  under this treaty.   Treating China as a developing country gives it an unfair advantage  in the existing HFC market and allows China to continue production,  allowing that country to continue to undercut the HFC market well into  the 2040s. As the world's largest emitter of greenhouse gases, China  has a long history of disrespecting and disregarding environmental  standards and has continually increased its emissions and investments  in coal-fired powerplants since the 2015 Paris climate agreement.   Under this treaty, Chinese-based HFC producers will get the largest  share of the controlled market in future supplies needed to keep  existing cooling systems running. As it has done under past  environmental treaties, China will continue to produce supplies that  are not allowed under the updated environmental standards.   This is part of a conspicuous trend on China's part. China wants to  get ahead by playing by a different set of rules than the rest of the  world--and certainly a different set of rules than the United States  has to live under. We know China ignores the rules and has little  respect, if any, for international norms, and yet we continue to allow  China to dominate markets with the financial support of American  taxpayer dollars.   This is a point where it just goes too far. We can't give them that.  They haven't earned that. There is nothing about their behavior to  suggest that they deserve this treatment. We shouldn't give it to them  here.   To that end, later today, the Senate will likely vote on an amendment  offered by Senator Sullivan and me. Now, it will not fix all of the  flaws in the Kigali treaty; it will, however, begin to address the  issue of China receiving special treatment at the expense of the  American people. It will require the Secretary of State to propose the  removal of China's designation as a developing nation to the Vienna  Convention. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of our amendment and  acknowledge the fact that China is not a developing nation.   