 Madam President, for over 25 years in the Senate, I  have been an advocate for adoption.   Adoption is a way for families to be created out of tragedy. It is a  pathway to the joy of raising children and guaranteeing security of a  place that now they can call home.   One family, Cate and Ben Bryan from Iowa, made the choice to open  their hearts and their home to a child from China and were matched with  a little girl named Rosie.   Hundreds of families across the country, including the Bryans and  others in Iowa, have chosen adoption from China. They have been matched  with specific children and made arrangements to welcome those children  into their homes.   Many of these kids being adopted from China have disabilities or  other special needs and require specialized health and care services.   These kids are in desperate need of families to take care of them but  are being denied the opportunity to come  [[Page S109]]  to their home in America with those parents all due to China's refusal  to let Americans into the country to complete adoptions.   In February of 2020, China closed its border due to the spread of  COVID. This meant that parents who had already been matched with a  child in China could not proceed with their adoption. Of course,  parents must physically be present in China to continue the adoption  process and bring it to finality in order to get their child home.   What was said to be a temporary emergency precaution because of COVID  has now stretched into years despite the availability of vaccines. Due  to China's unwillingness to open its borders to these parents,  adoptions have been stalled for now 2 years.   Some parents have been prohibited from even communicating with their  children during this time. The Bryans from Iowa are unable to receive  updated health information about their daughter and are unable to send  letters or care packages. She might not even know that they have been  trying for years to bring Rosie into their family.   Now, other countries that participate in international adoptions have  found ways to continue the process, even in light of COVID. Even  countries with travel restrictions on other groups have made exceptions  for adoptive families. Parents want to cooperate. Parents are willing  to quarantine. Parents are willing to be tested. Parents will take  every precaution asked of them by China.   Now, what is so odd about all the parents who want to adopt not being  allowed into China--we know that China has opened the country to  athletes participating in the Olympics, those wishing to do business  there, and to American journalists, but why not to adopting parents?  Tourist visas are still not being issued, and adoptive parents are  being classified as tourists despite specific reasons for their visit.   It is imperative that the Biden administration work to get adoptions  from China moving again. These families have been waiting long enough.  The kids whom they are working to adopt have been waiting even longer.   I get a chance to hear from kids in foster care in the United States  through my role as chairman of the Senate Caucus on Foster Youth. I  always hear the same message from these young people: They want a mom  and dad. They want a loving place to call home. Kids in China are no  different. They deserve a family and safety and the security of loving  parents.   I pray that the hearts of Chinese leaders are softened enough to  allow these families into the country and allow these kids to come home  to America.   