 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Wisconsin  for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to honor the Chattanooga Bar Association  on reaching the milestone of its 125th anniversary.   Since 1897, the Chattanooga Bar Association has made it its mission  to work for the betterment of the legal profession and the  administration of justice; to take an active interest in governmental  affairs; to stimulate a feeling of respect, esteem, and good-fellowship  among members of the Chattanooga Bar Association; and to provide and  promote legal education of the legal community and the public at large.   During its 125 years, the Chattanooga Bar Association has produced  many outstanding members who have shaped the history of Tennessee and  our Nation.   J.B. Frazier was a member of the board of directors during the first  5 years of CBA's existence and is the only Chattanoogan elected  Governor of the State of Tennessee. He later served in the United  States Senate.   Estes Kefauver served as the secretary-treasurer and vice president  of the association before being elected to serve as Tennessee's Third  District Congressman. Incidentally, that is the seat which I presently  hold.   He then went on to the United States Senate and made two bids for the  Democratic Presidential nomination before being selected as Adlai  Stevenson's Vice Presidential nominee during the 1956 Presidential  election.   I am extremely proud, myself, to have been a member of the  Chattanooga Bar Association since I began my law practice as a young  man in 1986. In 1996, I became the youngest person to serve as  president of the Chattanooga Bar Association, the 99th president, an  honor that is still near and dear to my heart.  [[Page H4424]]    Throughout its 125 years, the Chattanooga Bar Association has shown  our community, State, and the Nation the best of what it means to be a  lawyer, to practice law, and to pursue equal justice for all.   I am proud to recognize and honor the Chattanooga Bar Association as  they celebrate their 125th anniversary. I congratulate the CBA and wish  them much continued success in the future.   