 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today in support of a dedicated and  well-qualified individual who has been nominated by President Biden to  fill an increasingly important role. That person is Elizabeth Bagley,  who has been nominated to be the U.S. Ambassador to Brazil.   Elizabeth Bagley has been involved in public service for decades.  Twenty-eight years ago, as a matter of fact, she appeared before the  U.S. Senate, then being considered as President Clinton's nominee to be  Ambassador to Portugal. She went on to serve in that role from 1994 to  1997, which was a period of growth and positive development in this  important bilateral relationship.   For the service in Portugal, she received distinguished awards from  the Portuguese Navy and Air Force as well as the Grand Cross of Prince  Henry the Navigator, which is the President of Portugal's highest  civilian commendation.   She is also the recipient of the Global Democracy Award from the  International Women's Democracy Center, the Ellis Island Medal of  Honor, and the 2013 Secretary of State's Distinguished Honor Award.   In 2013, she served as Alternative Representative of the United  States to the United Nations, and prior to that was the first Special  Representative to the Secretary of State for Global Partnerships.   In her years of diplomatic service, she has also worked as a senior  adviser to Secretaries Kerry, Clinton, and the late Madeleine Albright.   President Biden has nominated her to an especially critical role, and  that is to be our Nation's Ambassador to Brazil--the largest economy in  South America, a country that is going through dramatic transitions  right now. As a matter of fact, Brazil will be inaugurating its new  President at the beginning of January. And I believe--frankly, it has  been an embarrassment that we have gone almost 2 years without an  Ambassador to Brazil--I believe it is critically important that  Ambassador Bagley be in Brasilia, having been presented her credentials  in time for the inauguration of the new Brazilian President.   As a matter of fact, in terms of north-south relations, our relations  with Brazil are as critical as virtually any nation in the Southern  Hemisphere. We have got lots and lots of work to do on this important  relationship, and it is important that we move forward.   Originally, I was going to come down and ask UC to both have  Elizabeth Bagley discharged from committee and also confirmed now on  the floor. Working with my Republican friends, I appreciate the fact  that I believe they are going to allow us to move forward on the  discharge from committee but not move forward on Ms. Bagley's  confirmation as Ambassador. I know there may be some holds on all  north-south Ambassadors at this point, but I implore my colleagues on  the other side of the aisle. This is a talented, well-suited,  appropriately experienced individual. This relationship between the  United States and Brazil is absolutely critical now perhaps more than  ever, and I hope that we can find some level of accommodation to move  past the action we take today and make sure that Elizabeth Bagley is  confirmed as our country's Ambassador to Brazil so that she can be in  Brasilia by the time the new administration in Brazil comes into power  in early January under President Lula.    So, Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Foreign Relations be discharged from further consideration  of PN1691, Elizabeth Frawley Bagley, to be Ambassador of the United  States to Brazil, and that the nomination be placed on the calendar.    Thank you, Mr. President.   I yield the floor and, again, hope that we can move on this  ambassadorship and many others to make sure that our country is well  represented not only in South America but around the world going  forward.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   