 Madam Speaker, I rise today with fellow  members of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus because we are running out  of time to save the DACA program. We can save the program through  congressional action in the waning days of this Congress.   Since 2012, DACA has created a glimpse of hope. DACA provides  temporary legal status to thousands of people who know no other country  than ours in the United States. They are our teachers, our nurses, our  firefighters, our friends, our neighbors, and our loved ones.   Let's be clear: 75 percent of the American people support DACA. We  know it strengthens our economy and makes us a better country, and both  Republicans and Democrats agree.   Still, the program has faced multiple court challenges, and if we  don't do something to save it, the program will end.   We need to save the DACA program, not only because it grows our  economy, but because it is simply the right thing to do.   Let me tell Yesenia's story.   When it became time for a driver's license in high school, Yesenia's  teacher forced her to provide a Social Security card, even though he  knew Yesenia was undocumented and did not plan to get a license and had  no real need to bring a Social Security card to class.   When Yesenia was unable to produce a Social Security card, a  classmate mocked her saying, ``she can't bring it because she's  illegal.'' Yesenia nearly broke down in tears.   Thanks to DACA, Yesenia was afforded a stability she has never known,  no longer carrying the fear of being deported or separated from her  family.   Or think about Elizeth. She would wake up at 3:30 a.m. every day to  prepare tamales and sell them before hurrying to school. She did this  through elementary and middle school.   Classmates belittled Elizeth, calling her ``la tamalera.'' Like  Yesenia, Elizeth applied for DACA when the program was created.  Eventually, Elizeth saved enough by selling tamales to pay her way  through college. This is what they do. This is who they are.   Both Elizeth and Yesenia are my constituents; and to my colleagues in  the Senate, DACA recipients are your constituents too.   Every DACA recipient has a story of homes lost and new homes found,  stories of growing up, stories of pain and perseverance that demand  action.   Ending DACA will shatter the lives of nearly 2 million people in our  country brought here as children; and it will hurt their families as  well. It will separate families and tear communities apart.   The stakes could not be higher. The end of DACA would uproot the  lives of 600,000 DACA recipients, in addition to the more than 1.3  million migrants eligible for the program.   Aside from the fact that DACA recipients pay almost $10 billion in  taxes each year; aside from the fact that more than 200,000 DACA  recipients across the country stepped up for us as frontline workers  during the pandemic; our obligation to save DACA, above all else, is a  moral one. It is about who we are as a country.   The House has done its job. We passed the American Dream and Promise  Act, and now we need the Senate to act on it. It is time to step up,  save DACA, and codify it through congressional action.   