 Mr. Speaker, today I will vote to pass the Medical  Marijuana and Cannabidiol Research Expansion Act. This legislation  would remove barriers for research into cannabis and facilitate access  to an increased supply of cannabis for research purposes.   The cannabis laws in this country are broken, including our laws that  govern cannabis research. Because cannabis is a Schedule I substance,  researchers must jump through hoops and comply with onerous  requirements just to do basic research on the medical potential of the  plant.   The Medical Marijuana and Cannabidiol Research Expansion Act amends  the Controlled Substances Act to streamline the registration process  and expands opportunity for our researchers to investigate the  potential and impacts of cannabis.   My partners in the House and Senate and I worked closely with experts  in Congress and the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to  ensure this legislation will expand cannabis research, not restrict it.  Specifically, the use of ``practitioners'' includes ``NIH-funded  researchers,'' according to feedback from HHS. This ensures that this  legislation will not restrict researchers already considered entities  eligible to conduct research under the Controlled Substances Act. H.R.  8454 is designed to streamline and broaden access to researching  marijuana.   Enacting this legislation will be an important step forward in making  the federal government a real partner in the path forward on cannabis.  In addition to this legislation, we must continue to advance banking  access for cannabis businesses; prioritize expungements, clemencies,  and resentencing for cannabis convictions; make robust investments in  cannabis research; develop accurate tests for impairment; ensure our  veterans can access medical cannabis; and invest in communities  targeted in the failed war on drugs.   The Medical Marijuana and Cannabidiol Research Expansion Act  demonstrates the power of good faith bipartisan engagement on cannabis  policy and the opportunity of this moment to enact laws our communities  need.   I look forward to working with Senators Dianne Feinstein, Brian  Schatz, and Chuck Grassley and my co-lead Representative Andy Harris to  enact this legislation and expand our Nation's cannabis research  capabilities.   