 Mr. Speaker, I don't just rise in opposition to this bill,  and I don't want to appear angry, but as a veteran who served both as  an enlisted man and as an officer from 1970 until nearly 1990, I know  what it is like to get an honorable discharge--not once but twice.   As an officer, I oversaw courts-martial. I know what it takes to get  a bad conduct discharge. Shame on those who would write a bill and then  refuse to allow a change that would at least prohibit those who are  being discharged with bad conduct discharges.   Let's understand. Other than honorable is a nice term. Dishonorable  is a  [[Page H8768]]  clear term. If you murder your commanding officer, you get a  dishonorable discharge. If you just try to, you will probably get a bad  conduct discharge. If you are caught dealing vast amounts of drugs or  you are an MS-13 person who lied to get into the military and you have  gone AWOL, you might even get a general, but you certainly are going to  get nothing worse than a bad conduct discharge.   The fact that this bill allows people with a bad conduct discharge,  people who have been convicted of clear felonies, to gain and retain  citizenship in the United States is reprehensible.   Let's understand something else. In times of peace, after 6 months of  honorable service, you can apply and get your green card and get your  citizenship. We have people who have served less than 2 years who get  sworn in as U.S. citizens. So we are not even talking about people who  wanted to be citizens and at the first opportunity chose to do that.   We are talking about people who didn't, who, now that they have been  sent out of the United States--many of them, by the way, after their  service for other crimes they committed--they now want to be able to  come back here and be vindicated as though they did something right.   Military service is, in fact, an honorable event. And those who serve  honorably, we want to make sure are paid with all of the thank yous,  including citizenship for themselves and their family. This bill  doesn't do it.   For all of us who are veterans, shame on those who would confuse  honorable service, when, in fact, this bill allows those who have  committed a felony, bad-conduct-discharged individuals, to retain their  U.S. opportunity, one which has never been the case and shouldn't be  the case. If you commit the crimes, you should not be an American--you  didn't serve honorably.   