 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Senate  Amendment to H.R. 2617--Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023, which  includes my bill, the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act. The Pregnant  Workers Fairness Act will make a positive difference in the lives of  hundreds of thousands of pregnant and postpartum workers every year by  ensuring the availability of reasonable accommodations for those  pregnant workers who need them.   Far too many workers are forced to choose between the health of their  pregnancies and their jobs when they are denied a reasonable  accommodation at work--like a stool to sit on or an extra bathroom  break. When pregnant women are denied accommodations, they face health  risks including miscarriage and premature births, according to the  March of Dimes. Studies have shown an increased risk of miscarriage and  preterm birth as a result of heavy lifting, extended hours, or  prolonged periods of sitting or standing.   Courts have interpreted the Pregnancy Discrimination Act of 1978  narrowly and allowed employers to refuse to accommodate workers with  medical needs arising out of pregnancy even when they routinely  accommodate other physical limitations. By requiring pregnant employees  to identify a nonpregnant employee who received the same accommodation  they need, courts have placed pregnancy accommodations out of reach for  most workers. In addition, while the Americans with Disabilities Act  requires employers to make reasonable  [[Page H10528]]  accommodations for employees with disabilities, courts have  consistently held that a normally progressing pregnancy is not a  disability.   As a result, pregnant workers are still being routinely asked to  choose between their paycheck and a healthy pregnancy. Those who  continue to work without necessary accommodations, because they can't  afford not to work, risk a range of health complications that can and  do routinely endanger workers and their pregnancies.   After bipartisan negotiation in the Senate, the Cassidy-Casey  Pregnant Workers Fairness Act Amendment (S. Amdt. 6558 to H.R. 2617)  contains a narrow rule of construction that states, ``This Act is  subject to the applicability to religious employment set forth in Sec  702(a) of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act:'' It thus references Title  VII's existing religious exemption. By affirming the continued  applicability of 702(a), the rule of construction allows religious  institutions to continue to prefer coreligionists in the pregnancy  accommodation context. As a rule of construction, it differs from the  Foxx amendment that was proposed and defeated by the House of  Representatives, which changed the definition of those employers  covered by the Act and thus removed certain employers from the reach of  the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act entirely.   Section 702(a) of Title VII reads, ``This subchapter shall not apply  to an employer with respect to the employment of aliens outside any  State, or to a religious corporation, association, educational  institution, or society with respect to the employment of individuals  of a particular religion to perform work connected with the carrying on  by such corporation, association, educational institution, or society  of its activities.''   Section 702   (a) of Title VII applies only to religious institutions--which has  long been understood as meaning non-profit religious institutions and  not all non-profits. The exemption provides an exception from Title  VII's prohibition of employment discrimination on the basis of  religion. As the 6th Circuit explained, the exemption allows religious  employers to ``choose to employ members of their own religion without  fear of being charged with religious discrimination.'' Boyd v. Harding  Acad. of Memphis, Inc., 88 F.3d 410,413 (6th Cir. 1996). It is a narrow  exemption from a religious antidiscrimination rule for a specific  purpose.   Properly read, the rule of construction thus means that religious  institutions can continue to prefer coreligionists in making pregnancy  accommodations. For example, if a religious employer were choosing  between making an available role related to ``religious employment''  available to a pregnant worker as a light duty assignment or hiring a  co-religionist for that role, it could do the latter without running  afoul of the PWFA.   Further, Section 7 of PWFA, which states, ``Nothing in this Act shall  be construed to invalidate or limit the powers, remedies, and  procedures under any Federal law or Jaw of any State or political  subdivision of any State or jurisdiction that provides greater or equal  protection for individuals affected by pregnancy, childbirth, or  related medical conditions,'' makes clear that no reading of the rule  of construction can be understood to undermine rights otherwise  protected under law for pregnant workers.   The Pregnant Workers Fairness Act aligns with Title VII in providing  protections and reasonable accommodations for ``pregnancy, childbirth,  and related medical conditions'', like lactation. The bill has  overwhelming bipartisan support--it passed the House of Representatives  in 2021 on a vote of 315-101 and has been endorsed by a broad and  diverse set of stakeholders, including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce,  leading businesses, the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops and other  religious organizations, and over 200 women's rights, worker's rights,  maternal health, and racial justice organizations. 73 Senators voted to  add the Act to H.R. 2617 yesterday.   I urge my colleagues to vote Yay on Senate Amendment to H.R. 2617-- Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023.   