 Madam Speaker, I would like to thank my friend,  Congresswoman Kat Cammack from Florida, for her organization of this  Special Order tonight.   Madam Speaker, I know that these Special Orders go long, and I know  quite often the person who is sitting in the Speaker's chair quite  often focuses on whatever is going on on their cell phones, but I  really hope that you are paying attention tonight because my district  is right across from yours.    Last year, two families in my district received the call that every  law enforcement family just dreads--a call informing them that their  loved ones will not be returning home.   On August 4, Brooklyn, Illinois, Police Officer Brian Pierce Jr. was  deploying spike strips on a bridge during a car chase. He was hit and  fatally injured by the fleeing vehicle. Brian was only 24 years old.   On October 26, we lost Pontoon Beach, Illinois, Police Officer Tyler  Timmins. He was tragically killed while investigating a stolen vehicle  at a gas station. Tyler was only 36 years old, Madam Speaker, and a 14- year veteran of the force. He left behind his wife, Linsey, whom he had  just married 1 month before as well as his daughter, Chloe.   Sadly, their families are not alone in their pain. In 2021, 73  officers were killed in the line of duty--the highest number in 26  years. The liberals at the Federal law level, at the State level, and  at the local level push to defund police, Madam Speaker. I want you to  understand that that agenda has made our communities less safe.   Even in the State of Illinois on a lame-duck session in the middle of  the night they passed the bill that made it to where we defunded police  and endangered our police officers. Their rhetoric has emboldened  criminals, putting our brave officers' lives in danger.   Despite it all, our police officers continue to show up and run  towards the danger to protect our communities every day, even if they  are being shot at.   Madam Speaker, do you know why this is so personal to me?   My son-in-law is a deputy sheriff in Jackson County, Illinois.   This issue is personal to me and my family.   Why?   Because I see the crap he sees every day. But I know that he is doing  it because he cares about those who need help.   I will always stand for our men and women of law enforcement and will  do all that I can to ensure they get the support that they deserve. I  only wish that all of my colleagues would join in with me to do that  and stop spreading the rhetoric of defunding police.   