 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I return to the floor of the Senate again  today to ask that this body take immediate action--action needed--to  address our Nation's massive baby formula shortage.   For months, American moms and dads have been scouring supermarkets  and drugstores looking for baby formula. Anxiety-ridden parents are  frantically checking online stores and pleading with family and  friends, trying to figure out how to ship, purchase, and otherwise  procure baby formula.   Still, some families must hospitalize their babies because they can't  find formula. Yes, they are hospitalizing them for that reason alone.   Inexcusably, the crisis has only gotten worse. In May alone, reports  show that the out-of-stock rate jumped from 43 percent to a staggering  73 percent nationally.   In Utah, my State--the State with the largest families, the most  children per capita, and the highest birthrate in the Nation--reports  show that out-of-stock rate to be as high as 88.9 percent.   Desperate parents are now resorting to places like Facebook  Marketplace, buying from unknown sellers at exorbitant markups. The  failure of the Biden administration's photo-op policy has not so much  as put a dent--even a tiny dent--in this problem.   Now, initially, the White House said that parents should ``ask your  pediatrician, who may have formula samples or possible alternatives,''  as if that were somehow a solution.   This hollow nonresponse was embarrassing enough, but, tragically, the  administration's response has not improved with time, in the time that  has passed since that statement was made. When the question came up  again, the White House press secretary spent nearly 20 seconds flipping  through a binder, only to respond with: ``I don't have anything new.''   That response is simply unacceptable. It is unacceptable for the  American people generally and especially for those families dealing  with this inexplicably, needlessly prolonged crisis.   By failing to act, we are leaving parents in an unimaginable  situation during one of the most stressful and impactful times of life.  Worse, they have received no discernible answers from their elected  officials. The White House's website lays the blame solely on Abbott's  plant closure in Michigan ``due to safety concerns from the FDA.''   Now, this is a very limited, narrow line of thinking. The FDA  regularly recalls other food products, but none of those recalls  happens to result in shortages of this magnitude or this significance  with such weighty consequences on the youngest of Americans.   Look, it doesn't have to be this way. There are a lot of weighty  problems that we address in the U.S. Senate that are seemingly  unsolvable, intractable, or, at least, very, very difficult to solve  because they involve things that very often are beyond our ability to  control.   This is not one of those problems. This is within our grasp. It is  within our control. In fact, the government is the problem. Government  caused it, and by turning certain levers, government can relieve this  problem and do so in a very short period of time. This suffering is  unnecessarily being prolonged by the government itself.   So the Senate can help these families, these American families  struggling with this crisis, by immediately passing my bill called the  FORMULA Act.   This bill responds to the crisis in three simple ways to help solve  the crisis at hand and feed American babies.   First, my bill would suspend tariff collection on currently allowed  formula imports. We tax imported formula at a rate of at least 17.5  percent upon entering the United States. It can roughly double to about  35 percent, depending on the circumstances of the shipment. We can help  ease the skyrocketing prices and encourage companies to import as much  baby formula as possible or as much as demand within the market  requires by simply suspending for a period of 6 months this tariff  collection.   Look, the administration has acknowledged there are appropriate times  to suspend the collection of certain taxes. For example, it is  currently proposing suspending the gasoline tax for a period of 3  months. Surely, it is not the Biden White House's position that  gasoline is more important than feeding infants.   Second, my bill would temporarily allow formula imports from several  safe countries like those in Europe. This would enable us to access  plentiful formula supplies from abroad and meet our current needs with  that.   Now, allowing these imports is not going to endanger American babies.  The manufacturing plants in question are already approved and are  already regulated by their home countries. And the only plants that  operate in countries and subject to authorities that are comparable to  those imposed by our own Food and Drug Administration, these are  countries from which we already import pharmaceutical products.    The fact is that parents have already begun taking matters into their  own hands, often with dire consequences. We are hearing reports of  parents resorting to online homemade recipes for formula that they then  feed to their infants. Infant hospitalizations due to malnutrition are  correspondingly increasing as a direct result of these activities and  the shortages from which they stem.   Doctors have voiced their concerns that homemade formulas can lead to  liver and kidney issues and, in some cases, even heart failure. Some  families have tried diluting the formula that they are able to access  with more water, a tactic that health experts warn can lead to brain  swelling and organ failure.   Some doctors refer to this shortage as ``the worst crisis they have  experienced in their careers.'' They have to place dehydrated children  on IV fluids, which isn't, of course, a long-term solution; it is an  acute and dire response to a life-threatening emergency brought about  through an artificial government constraint on the market. These short- term consequences are scary enough. They are scary enough for the moms  and dads, to say nothing of the horrors the children, the infants,  experience in the process. We still don't know what the long-term  effects of these might be to the babies.   Those worried about the formula quality may find solace in the fact  that my bill retains the FDA's authority to recall foreign formulas in  the very unlikely event that these safety issues arise. Remember, these  are formulas produced in facilities in countries from which we already  import pharmaceutical products based on our country's trust and  confidence that their safety and quality standards are as secure as, if  not more stringent than, our own.   Additionally, my bill only calls for importing formula that is  lawfully marketed and approved in select foreign countries. Again,  private citizens are already doing this. The law already allows the  personal importation of baby formula, meaning somebody can jump online  and order it on their own, and parents are voluntarily choosing to do  so because they have done the research and they trust that it is safe  for their baby.   They understand, as we do, that babies in France and Switzerland and  of the United Kingdom are not different than babies in the United  States of America. Formula that works for them, that is safe and  healthy for them, is proven safe and healthy and effective for them for  many, many decades is also going to work with respect to an American  baby. My bill would just make this easier and more affordable for  parents, you see, because to be one of those parents, you have got to  have a degree of sophistication to know what you are looking for. Most  people aren't really aware of the fact that they could jump online and  order this.  [[Page S3062]]    Secondly, it is really expensive to do it. They can't buy in bulk,  and it requires extra shipping and handling costs that makes this  prohibitively expensive for many people, even the lucky ones who become  aware that it is even an option.   So my bill isn't making something legal that is currently illegal in  that respect; it is simply making it more affordable. It is making it  so that we no longer limit access to these foreign formulas--foreign  top-quality formulas from places like France and Switzerland and the  United Kingdom. They will be available to poor and middle-class  families, and not just the wealthy.   Finally, my bill would allow WIC program recipients to buy whatever  brand of formula is available with WIC vouchers. My bill will allow  these parents to buy from available stock and feed their children and  guarantees greater flexibility.   You see, the existing formula crisis has been exacerbated by virtue  of the fact that the WIC formula--the WIC beneficiaries are given a  voucher. Very often, that voucher limits them to procuring only that  brand of formula specified on the voucher itself, which, in many  instances, might be out of stock. This would eliminate that problem.   Keeping American infants fed should be one of the least controversial  proposals imaginable, especially because this is something that can be  done easily. We can bring about almost immediate relief to these  American parents and especially to their babies, just by not causing  the problem anymore or, at least, waiting for a few months before  causing this problem again.   In the meantime, the hope and the expectation is that the American  formula industry can retool, revamp, and get back in the practice of  producing in sufficient quantities that they will be able to meet the  demand, but we need 6 months in order to do that.   American babies are going hungry and the Federal Government is the  problem. The Federal Government is causing these babies to starve and  otherwise suffer.   My FORMULA Act will help solve the formula crisis and ensure that  American babies do not go unfed.   Look, there is a reason why we see this crisis here, but not in any  of our neighbor countries, not in any of our peer countries. No, the  crisis exists here because this is a feature of U.S. law. We can fix  this problem. We can help solve this crisis today. We can make sure  Americans babies' cries do not go unanswered. We can and must pass my  FORMULA Act.   So, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the  Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 372, S.  4261; that the bill be considered read a third time and passed; and  that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table.    Mr. President, I appreciate the insight and the always  thoughtful counsel of my distinguished friend and colleague, the  Senator from Pennsylvania. I always enjoy working with  [[Page S3063]]  him. He is a voice of reason and is a delight to work with.   I do feel compelled to respond to a few of his points. Now, yes, it  is true, there are ambitious plans to fly formula over. They used the  Defense Production Act to do that, to have the government to act. And  the ambitious plans that he describes have yet to materialize. What we  have to look at is the bottles that are available now, that have been  flown over now, that are here now as a result of that program, is about  13 million bottles. Do you know what the average daily consumption of  formula is in America? Nine million. So this buys us a day and a half  of formula--a day and a half--and it is still not solving the problem.  So that is not a solution.   As to the objection related to the FDA's regs, he points to the  safety concerns and highlights a few adverse incident reports not  necessarily linked to the formula itself but things that people  experienced as they were switching formulas. A lot of the symptoms that  he described--all of them, in fact, as I understand it--including  lethargy, diarrhea, and some of those have been linked to babies  switching formula. So, yes, when a baby switches formula, whether it is  from one American brand to another or an American brand to a European  brand, it is not uncommon during this transition period for babies to  react that way.   Now, I wish--we wish--that it wasn't necessary for them to switch to  begin with. This was unnecessary to make them switch. In fact, another  point that I need to refute that he made at the outset about formula  being responsible for the contamination, for the food-borne illness, it  was, in fact, not the formula itself that caused it. In fact, an FDA  investigation revealed that it wasn't the formula. It was a source of  bottled water that had itself been contaminated, and it was that  bottled water that the parents were mixing with the formula that turned  out to be contaminated, by no fault of their own but also by no fault  of the manufacturer. So we have got to keep straight exactly what  happened here and what didn't happen.   Finally, with regard to the safety risks, I understand this, and it  is important that we be safe in doing this. We have to remember these  are countries from which we currently import pharmaceutical products  because we trust that their equivalent of the FDA is safe and is  effective. So if we don't trust them with respect to baby formula, I  would submit that we shouldn't trust them elsewhere. But in fact, we  can trust them in these areas. None of those adverse incident reports  that were reported, to my knowledge, have been linked to a defect or a  contamination in the formula itself.   Finally, it is important to remember that we have a massive health  crisis faced by these babies who are unable to get formula. Children  are being hospitalized because they are dehydrated. These can have  lasting consequences. They are occurring at a time when the baby's  brain development is on a very critical timeline. You don't want to  interrupt that. You don't want a supply chain disruption to lead to a  disruption in the baby's developmental growth.   So it is unfortunate that my friend and distinguished colleague, the  Senator from Pennsylvania, has objected to this very reasonable,  rational, sensible response that lists the government's impediments. I  wish this were not the case because this would deliver meaningful  reform, unlike the 13 million bottles--the day and a half's worth of  formula that has been brought over to date through the Defense  Production Act efforts that he described--this would actually solve the  problem. And it would solve it for at least 6 months, long enough for  our domestic production capabilities to resume.   So it is unfortunate. I wish that were not the case. But in the  spirit of comity and compromise, I will modify my request.   Again, the FORMULA Act would have included these three legs, a  regulatory component lifting the regulatory restrictions, an import  tariff restriction, and also lifting some restrictions in the WIC  Program.   So I am going to counteroffer with another amendment that would  remove the waiver of the FDA regulations for the imported formula.  That, after all, is the concern he expressed, and so that should allow  us to deal with it. It would keep the tariff and the WIC waivers from  the FORMULA Act intact and therefore shouldn't raise any concerns not  addressed by my friend and distinguished colleague.    And so, Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous  consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of  Calendar No. 372, S. 4261; further, I ask that the Lee substitute  amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to; that the bill, as  amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and that the  motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I find this, too, unfortunate. I wish we  could adopt all three of these reforms; again, we have a regulatory  reform, an import tax reform, and a WIC reform. He has now expressed  objections to the regulatory reform and the WIC reform.   So, in the spirit of comity and cooperation and compromise, I would  like to modify again, and I will take out the WIC restrictions--the WIC  component of the bill--and leave only the tariff waiver. That, at  least, would remove some of the protectionist problems that we have got  in place that is currently prohibiting people from being able to import  this stuff, leaving it available really only to wealthy, well-connected  parents who know how to find this stuff and can pay the higher price  for it. This would at least allow people to buy it in stores if we  could lift that restriction and do so in larger quantities while  adhering to the labeling and other regulatory requirements.   So, Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous  consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of  Calendar No. 372, S. 4261; further, I ask that the Lee substitute  amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to; that the bill, as  amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I find it most unfortunate that, as American  babies are starving and are literally being admitted to hospitals for  dehydration and malnutrition because of a  [[Page S3064]]  government-created problem, we can't get to a solution here.   I am determined to find one, and I am determined not to take no for  an answer. We have to get to yes on that. To that end, I would like to  modify my last request and shorten it down from 180 days--a 6-month  suspension--to a 90-day suspension. This is the exact timeframe that  mirrors the Biden administration's proposed time window for gas tax  alleviation. The President has raised this and has asked us to act on  that immediately. Look, I happen to think baby formula is a whole lot  more important and urgent than gasoline. We can at least do this. So I  am going to modify my request to move it down to just 90 days. We  should be able to do that for 90 days. I am certain that we can.   Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent  that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No.  372, S. 4261; further, that the Lee substitute amendment at the desk be  considered and agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read  a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I appreciate the thoughts expressed by my  friend and distinguished colleague, the Senator from Pennsylvania. I  share this concern and this desire to see this worked out and worked  out on a bipartisan basis. I think it is important.   It is true that people have been working on it. They have been  working on it now for the better part of a month and a half. Yet  nothing has happened. Now, I understand that Rome wasn't built in a  day. Significant legislative reforms are not usually enacted very  quickly. Well, they are in some places, and we are experiencing some of  that this week, but that is a different issue altogether. I understand  that it takes time, on many occasions, to develop a legislative  solution. This is not one of those issues. This is just not that  complicated.   I appreciate the fact that people are considering it. I appreciate  the fact that my friend and colleague, the Senator from Pennsylvania,  is willing to try to clear this on the Democratic side. I hope and  expect that one of the four alternatives that I have proposed today-- each in the spirit of comity and compromise and as something that  should be acceptable to both political parties--has got to get there.   There are issues on which we are always going to struggle to find  solutions. This one isn't hard. We can do this. We can fix this.  American babies are going hungry because of the mismanagement within  our country.   Yes, I share the Senator's belief that we have got to hold the FDA  accountable, but I feel like we are in the same position as the unarmed  English bobby--but with the FDA lately. The unarmed English bobby,  being unarmed and upon seeing the commission of a crime, shouts, in a  charming British accent, ``Stop or I will yell `stop' again.'' We need  to actually do something to force this issue because people are going  hungry--babies are going hungry--and there are dire, long-lasting  consequences.   I hope and expect that we will solve this before the end of the week.  This issue is not going away, and neither am I.   