 Mr. Speaker, in 2020, my State of Virginia hit a tragic  milestone: Fatal drug overdoses hit an all-time high of 2,309. Fentanyl  and its analogs caused or contributed to 71.8 percent of those deaths.  The statistics we have for 2021 indicate it may surpass that  heartbreaking number of overdose deaths.   We have tools at our disposal to reduce the availability of illicit  substances such as fentanyl and meth and, in turn, prevent overdose  deaths, but they are not being used. Cartels are taking components of  fentanyl from China, manufacturing it in Mexico, and smuggling it  across the border.   In fiscal year 2021, fentanyl seizures by U.S. Customs and Border  Protection increased by 134 percent, but the Biden administration is  weakening our country's ability to secure its own border, allowing not  only more illegal immigration, but smuggling of deadly drugs.   Meanwhile, fentanyl-related substances have only temporarily been  listed as a schedule I drug, with extensions passed every few months,  including today we extended it another 3 weeks, but not a permanent  scheduling.   To correct this problem, I have introduced the HALT Fentanyl Act with  Congressman  Bob Latta of Ohio. It would permanently schedule fentanyl- related substances. But our bill doesn't stop there. It streamlines  research on fentanyl analogs so we can better understand the effects of  these substances.   At a recent hearing of the Subcommittee on Health, we heard testimony  there are as many as 4,800 fentanyl analogs. We have data on fewer than  30 of them; in other words, fewer than 1 percent of them.   Most of the fentanyl-related substances we have data on are  dangerous, but some are inert and may even have properties that block  opioid addiction. We simply need to know more.   Our bill makes room for researchers, not just at Federal agencies,  but across research institutions, to get to work. I believe our bill  would save lives. House Democrats should help us send it to the  President's desk.   But this bill alone will not solve the problem. It helps, but it will  not solve the problem. We have to use all the tools available to us.   We need to increase the number of border agents that we have,  particularly on the southern border.   We need to give them the tools they need.   We need to give them more drones for electronic surveillance in the  air.   We need to give them more dogs to help them figure out what is going  on, to sniff out the drugs when they can. It is coming across in small  amounts. Here you see it, 2 milligrams, a lethal dose for most  Americans, and there it is compared to a penny. They need more dogs at  the border.    They need more horses because some of that terrain is not suitable  for motor vehicles.   And last but not least, Mr. Speaker, we need to finish building the  wall.   