 Madam President, on January 22, 1973, the Supreme Court  handed down their decision in Roe v. Wade, homogenizing an approach to  abortion across the country. It is estimated that over 60 million lives  have been lost to abortion since this decision.   This resolution recognizes January 22, into the future, as the Day of  Tears. It encourages Americans to lower their flags to halfstaff to  mourn the lives lost to abortion.   I am joined on this resolution by Senators Daines, Inhofe, Blackburn,  Hagerty, Lankford, Hawley, and Rounds.   Similar resolutions have passed in Alabama, Arizona, Arkansas, Idaho,  Louisiana, and West Virginia. Representative Jody Hice is leading a  similar measure in the House. It has 51 cosponsors from 26 States.   Two weeks ago, thousands of Americans joined the March for Life to  stand up for the unborn. Later this year, the Supreme Court will issue  a decision on a case which strikes at the heart of Roe v. Wade. Our  current abortion guidelines, we only have five other countries that  would be similar. Two of those countries are China and North Korea.  What does that say about abortion in America?   Minimally, the Court needs to return this to the States so that we  don't have this policy put upon all of the States, at least half of  which disagree with it. Whatever that decision may be, we must remember  the millions of lives lost to the tragedy of abortion.   Madam President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous  consent that the Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from further  consideration and that the Senate now proceed to S. Res. 494. I further  ask that the resolution be agreed to, that the preamble be agreed to,  and that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table.    Madam President, the Senator from Washington makes the  point that this is Republicans. This is not Republicans. Of course,  they are for doing what needs to be done, and that is returning this to  the States, minimally, taking a decision that was out of context back  in 1973, when it was made.   And the opposite of the argument she made would be, Why should the  Federal Government, based upon the judiciary ruling that was out of  context, force this on the entirety of the country? When it comes to  what it allows now--abortions late into a pregnancy--that is not  supported by most of the country.   So, minimally, this ought to be returned to the States to reflect the  views of the different States in this country--50 of them. Over half  disagree with it, and over half of our citizens would say that it makes  more sense than what we have now.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, last year, I introduced a handful of  bills that would help the IRS do its job better. One of those bills is  called the IRS Customer Service Improvement Act. This bill simply says  that IRS staffers cannot perform any union tasks during the tax season,  which seems to make sense. It doesn't keep them from doing it through  the rest of the year. It is just not during the busy tax season.    According to the Treasury, in fiscal year 2019, 1,400 Treasury  employees used over 350,000 hours of taxpayer-funded union time. It  cost $17 million. Of course, that is kind of like chump change in this  day and age. Back in Indiana, $17 million is a lot of money. It should  be everywhere. Of these employees, 350 of the jobs were IRS customer  service representatives and 204 were IRS agents. The American public  deserves out of our Agencies, I think, service better than that.   We can debate how much money the IRS needs to do its job, but we need  commonsense policies like this to where we are not trying to restrict  what already, to many, would seem unusual--that when you are on the  dime, when you are being paid by the Federal Government, you maybe  shouldn't be able to do union activities at the same time. Anyway, a  lot of things don't make sense here. This will immediately add value to  the American taxpayer.   The IRS is warning Americans to prepare for delays and long hold  times when filing their taxes this year. I would say that most folks  would say that you need improvement.  [[Page S479]]    Here are a couple of other particulars: They received more than 100  million calls but only answer 1 out of 4. Calls averaged 18 minutes of  hold time. In my own business, if you add 18 minutes of hold time, you  just gave the order to one of your four or five competitors. None of us  likes that.   Face-to-face assistance declined from 4.4 million in fiscal 2016 to  only 1 million in 2020. The IRS is now telling us to buckle up for  service even to get worse.   Let's use some common sense. Before you raise prices in a business or  you ask your customers to even be more forbearing when you are  delivering bad service, your competitors would take you out. Here, in  the Federal Government, you don't have that kind of inherent  competition, and, sadly, the public--American taxpayers--have to put up  with it. And when your default position is always to spend more money,  I know the American public is interested in something better than this.  Sadly, for whatever we do that is above and beyond the ordinary, we  were borrowing 23 cents of every dollar we spend here. Now it is up  closer to 30 cents, and it is in the context that we are $30 trillion  in debt to boot.   This is something, what I am proposing here, since it doesn't  eliminate your ability to do it, let's just take it out of the tax  season.   Madam President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous  consent that the Committee on Finance be discharged from further  consideration of S. 2132, and that the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration. I further ask that the bill be considered read a third  time and passed, and that the motion to reconsider be considered made  and laid upon the table.    Madam President.    Briefly, respecting what the Senator says about wealthy  tax cheats, I agree with him 100 percent. Everybody should pay their  fair share. But I guarantee you, there wasn't one wealthy tax cheat  that was on hold for 18 minutes. They are not calling in. They hired a  lawyer or somebody to do it.   This is impacting Americans, mom-and-pop business owners, folks who  just need to talk to someone. It is not a wealthy tax cheat who would  have made 1 of 100 million calls. They don't do that. There is another  way to go after that.   All I am saying is, during the busiest time of the year, let's take  the resources that we have got, whether they need to be enhanced or  not, and let's let them focus on the job of answering the phone and not  making a small taxpayer suffer. They are the ones wrestling with the  IRS by numbers, not wealthy tax cheats.   I yield the floor.   