 Madam Speaker, I rise today to mark the 1-year  anniversary of the Biden administration. And what a year it has been.   The crisis raging across our Nation because of the incompetency of  this administration threaten the lives and livelihoods of countless  Americans.   On his first day in office, President Biden gave a taste of what was  to come by spitefully eliminating President Trump's border policies and  stopping the wall, fueling a border crisis that we have not seen in a  generation.   The drug and human trafficking that we have seen at our porous border  reaches every community in our Nation. Untold numbers of American  families who have lost loved ones to drugs and violence, those families  will be broken forever.   But instead of coming after criminals, Biden's Justice Department has  focused its crosshairs on engaged parents--moms and dads--and labeling  them just because they had concerns about CRT or maybe mask mandates,  they are labeled as domestic terrorists and now are charged with hate  crimes.   Our economy is in shambles. The Biden jobs deficit, the difference  between jobs created and those he promised to create as part of his so- called stimulus from March, has swelled to 1.11 million.   Historic inflation has surged to the highest level in four decades.  Gas and energy prices are at the highest they have been since the  Obama-Biden administration.   The supply chain crisis has brought any economic recovery to a  standstill. Have you been to the grocery store lately? Retailers are  facing a 12 percent out-of-stock level on many household  [[Page H210]]  staples. Empty shelves are the new norm.   And let's not forget the pandemic. President Biden centered his  campaign on having a solution for the virus. It is clear now that like  every other crisis we face, Biden has no plan.   By resorting to harmful and unconstitutional mandates and shutdowns,  President Biden is threatening the very liberty that is the foundation  of this great American experiment.   And then there is Afghanistan, an issue that is very personal to me.  What the Biden administration allowed to happen there, leaving so many  Americans and allies behind to the Taliban is a historic tragedy.   But does Joe Biden seek unity? No. He resorts to smearing over half  the American people who disagree with his radical agenda.   But that is how this leadership of the Democratic Party in Washington  thinks. They believe that the country is theirs to govern as they wish,  to force their will on you and me.   Well, we have had 1 year of Democratic Party control; and in only 1  year, the Democratic Party has tried to take our country from us. I say  it is time we take it back.   