 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to talk about  the crime wave that has hit our country and specifically hit  Democratic-run cities. Over the last 20 months, Democrats have aided  and abetted the most dramatic surge in violent crime in American  history.   In the summer of 2020, leftwing mobs burned cities like Minneapolis  and Portland, OR. Democratic mayors and Governors genuflected to the  mob. They started a movement to defund the police in this country. Bill  de Blasio in New York cut funding for the New York City Police  Department by $1 billion. The Los Angeles City Council voted to cut  funding by over $150 million.   Nearly two dozen other cities followed suit, each of them run by a  liberal mayor. What followed was a historic exodus from police  departments all across the country. Police retirements skyrocketed;  resignations increased dramatically among police officers; and  recruitment of new officers became almost impossible.   Thanks to the Democratic politicians who have run these cities, our  cities have fewer police. Our police have lower morale, and these  communities have higher crime.   In 2020, there was a 30-percent increase in the murder rate  nationwide--the fastest increase in American history.   In 2021, the murder rate went up even higher. Sixteen cities broke  their alltime records for homicide, and, of course, all 16 were run by  liberal Democrats. Of course, these included the cities that defunded  the police. Austin, TX, defunded the police, and the murder rate there  doubled.   Last year, the national murder rate reached its highest level in 25  years. So far, 2022 looks like it may be even worse. So what are the  Democrats doing about it? They have the House, they have the Senate,  and they have the White House. They are doing two things: They are  making it worse, and they are trying to avoid being blamed for what  they are causing.   How are they making it worse? Well, just take a look at some of the  nominees of President Joe Biden, people he has put in high positions in  the Justice Department--radical liberals. Every Member of the Democrat  body in this institution voted to confirm them. These are people who  hold beliefs way out of the mainstream of the American people when it  comes to their service for the Department of Justice. Joe Biden has  essentially handed over Justice Department leadership to radical  activists who want to defund the police. They are the people running  the Justice Department. Every single Democrat voted to confirm them.   The people of America were shocked to learn that last March,  Democrats, on a straight party-line vote--every Republican against;  every Democrat for--gave almost $1 billion in stimulus checks to  645,000 convicted criminals. These are people either still behind bars  or recently released.   Senator Tom Cotton, the junior Senator from Arkansas, and I  introduced an amendment to block them from getting stimulus checks.  Every Democrat in the Senate voted to block our amendment. In effect,  they voted to subsidize criminals, convicted criminals. With Democrats  in charge in America, criminals have hit the jackpot.   The second thing the Democrats are trying to do is to try to avoid  getting blamed for this incredible spike in violent crime.   Joe Biden recently went to the majority leader's hometown, New York  City.   Right now, there is a crimewave in New York City, and it is on the  rise. Crime is up 40 percent in New York City so far this year; car  thefts are almost double.   Joe Biden went to New York to meet with the mayor, Eric Adams. Now,  of course, Mayor Adams is a former police officer and an opponent of  the Democrat mantra of defunding the police. So Joe Biden was obviously  very interested in engaging and in getting his picture taken with the  mayor of New York so that he could pretend to be tough on crime. Voters  aren't buying it. The American people know that Joe Biden has supported  leftwing radicals who support defunding the police.   There was a recent poll in New York. New Yorkers were asked if crime  is a ``very serious problem.'' Three out of four New Yorkers say it is.  This is the most in the 20-year history of taking a poll and asking  that question.   So crime is the worst now, in the minds of the people who live there  in New York City, over the last 20 years.   Two-thirds of all voters say they disapprove of Joe Biden on the  issue of crime. I mean, Biden's numbers are in the tank anyway. Only 40  percent of Americans support what he is doing. People think the country  is heading in the wrong direction under Democrat leadership in the  House and the Senate and the White House. But specifically in the area  of crime, as well as in the areas of inflation and the border and  others, Joe Biden's numbers drop even further. Two-thirds of all  Americans disapprove of Joe Biden on the issue of crime.   While Joe Biden was in New York, he didn't say a word about the  radical new district attorney, Alvin Bragg. District Attorney Bragg is  another radical, leftwing prosecutor. What does that mean? Well, it is  interesting, and I will get to that in a second. But who would support  this district attorney? Oh, one of his top supporters for election was  the majority leader of the U.S. Senate.   On District Attorney Bragg's first day in office--first day--he told  the whole world he would not prosecute certain crimes. He didn't care  if they were on the books or not, he wasn't going to prosecute them. In  other words, a district attorney said he singlehandedly was going to  legalize certain crimes in New York City. He told every criminal in New  York that they could commit crimes, not be prosecuted, go home free.  These crimes include trespassing, prostitution, and even resisting  arrest.   Imagine being a police officer in New York City, where you know  people aren't going to be prosecuted for resisting arrest, knowing  resisting arrest was legal, according to the district attorney. It is  no wonder so many officers are quitting, so many have retired, and why  it is almost impossible to recruit.   We know what is causing today's Democrat crimewave: too few police,  too many criminals walking free, and too few consequences for the  criminals in Democrat cities and States. All of these are the result of  Democrat liberal policies.   These are policies that the American people have continued to reject  and reject again today. American people want the law to be enforced.  They want prosecutors and judges who follow the  [[Page S768]]  law as written. The American people are sick and tired of Democrats  coddling criminals. The American people support the police.   It is long past time for the Democrats to reverse course. It is time  to reverse these reckless Democrat policies before this Democrat  crimewave gets even worse.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   