 You always have trouble with that.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Davis for yielding, and I  thank him very much for organizing this Special Order honoring Vicki  here on the House floor. It truly is something that she deserves  because this institution of Congress, she held it in high regard, as  you know. So it is an honor for me to be able to stand here and honor  her and honor her life. I call her a friend, Victoria Lynn ``Vicki''  Sands Dixon.   I only had the pleasure of knowing her, I think, for about the last 5  years, but I have to tell you, it soon became clear after meeting Vicki  that she is one of those people that you could really call an angel on  Earth. She treated her friends just like family, and honestly, she  would do anything for her friends.   As you mentioned, Vicki was a really close friend of my wife, Joan-- she is going to kill me for saying this--for over 42 years. In fact,  Vicki was even the maid of honor at our wedding. That is how close she  was to us.   Vicki was considerate and thoughtful, gracious and funny, generous to  a fault, and always the first to lend a helping hand. I can't tell you  how many times Vicki, not even being asked, came to the rescue.   One time, Joan and I had just moved into a new house in the middle of  winter, and the gas hadn't been turned on yet. We couldn't get the gas  company to respond. Vicki, before the end of the night, when the house  temperature got down into the 40s, we had no less than six little  heaters trying to keep that house warm. That is the kind of person she  was. Vicki was always there to help.   I know you have heard from some of our friends tonight, and there are  so many people that would agree with them that Vicki truly was a  friend, but she was more than that, too. Vicki was a dedicated  American. Vicki was faithful to her country, certainly proud of her  party, proud of her home State of Illinois, and, as you heard, a  devoted public servant.   It truly is a loss as we lose Vicki, but if there is anyone that I  can think of, anyone worthy of moving on to a better place, it is her.  Vicki was an example of the engaged and selfless citizen that we really  all should try to emulate.   I know Vicki's family and her community continue to be blessed by her  memory. May Vicki rest in peace with her beloved Bob Michel.   