 Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in support of the fiscal year  2022 omnibus appropriations bill and particularly the Energy and Water  Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act.   As ranking member of the subcommittee, I say to my colleagues: It is  a strong bill and deserves bipartisan support.   There are, of course, things I would have done differently had I been  the only one writing the bill. I am sure my chairwoman would be able to  say the same thing. But that is the nature of bipartisan negotiations.  Everyone has to give a little in order to get what each needs most.    First and foremost, this bill strongly supports our national nuclear  security programs, providing $20.7 billion, which is an increase of  almost $1 billion above fiscal year 2021 and above the Biden  administration's budget request. This funding supports the maintenance  and modernization of our nuclear weapons complex and supports the  Navy's nuclear propulsion program.   Harbor maintenance trust fund activities at the Corps of Engineers  are funded at more than $2 billion, in accordance with the Water  Resources Development Act of 2020.   Efforts to guard our energy sector against cyberattacks are increased  above last year and even above both House and Senate bills.   The bill continues investments in a wide array of energy sources,  including fossil energy, hydropower, energy storage, and--one of my  highest priorities--nuclear energy. The bill provides $1.65 billion for  nuclear energy, including increased funding for the advanced small  modular reactors program; continued support for the Advanced Reactor  Demonstration Program; and initiation of a new program to ensure a  domestic supply of high-assay, low-enriched uranium that will be  necessary for many of the advanced reactor designs currently under  development.   Before I yield back, I would like to note the hard work of our full  committee leadership, my ranking member, Kay Granger, as well as Chair  DeLauro.   Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies Subcommittee  Chairwoman Kaptur and I again worked well together with our Senate  partners, Senator Feinstein and Senator Kennedy.   Finally, I would like to thank the staff on both sides of the aisle  for their hard work to help bring this bill to completion: on the  majority staff, Jaime Shimek, Scott McKee, Brian Smith, Michael Brain,  Will Ostertag, and Lauren Leuck; on the Republican side, Angie  Giancarlo; and for my personal office, Sarah Cannon.   Mr. Speaker, the fiscal year 2022 energy and water bill is a good  bill, and I urge my colleagues to support it.   