 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of  H.R. 207, renaming the post office in Amory, Mississippi, for Command  Sergeant Major Lawrence E. ``Rabbit'' Kennedy. Rabbit is an American  hero, and I am proud to sponsor this legislation in his honor.   Rabbit enlisted in the United States Army in October of 1940. To do  so, he walked for 2 days from his hometown of Smithville to Tupelo.  Rabbit served in World War II, the Korean war, and the Vietnam war over  the course of 35 years in the United States Army. There were not a lot  of three-war veterans in our lifetimes, and he was a true hero. I am  proud to have known him personally.   Rabbit's accounts of World War II battles are features of the 2014  book ``Last Eyewitnesses, World War II Memories: D-Day to 70th  Anniversary.'' He fought in the Battle of the Bulge where he spent 9  days in a foxhole next to a dead German soldier.   Command Sergeant Major Kennedy led the Army's 1st Cavalry Division in  Vietnam, and a photo of his leading his men into combat was featured on  the cover of Life Magazine.   During his career in the United States Army, Rabbit Kennedy earned  four Legions of Merit, four Bronze Stars, participated in 506 airborne  jumps, and retired as one of the most decorated soldiers in the history  of the United States Army.   In 2017, Rabbit Kennedy was commended by the Mississippi legislature  in House Concurrent Resolution 51. He was also the first enlisted man  inducted into the Hall of Fame at the United States Army Aviation  Museum at Fort Rucker, Alabama.   Rabbit Kennedy continued to serve local veterans throughout his life,  which is where I met him. He never quit helping veterans, even after he  got out after his 35 years of military service.   Rabbit Kennedy is regarded as a community leader and a true American  hero. On July 20, 2017, he went to be with the Lord and will always be  locally remembered as a patriot and a member of the Greatest  Generation.   It is a true and lasting honor to remember the service of Rabbit  Kennedy. I just have to say again, he was an amazing man who served  this country in three wars, but he always had time for everyone, and he  always had time for a veteran in need and was always helping.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Maloney and  Ranking Member Comer for bringing these very important bills to honor  our heroes in America. I think it is important that we honor and  remember those who served this Nation, especially those who gave their  lives.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 209, renaming the post  office in Pontotoc, Mississippi, for Lance Corporal Marc Lucas Tucker.   At age 23, Marc Lucas Tucker joined the Marine Corps and deployed to  Iraq with the 9th Engineer Support Battalion, 3rd Marine Expeditionary  Force.   His mother, Mrs. Donna Bagwell, recalls her son wanting to be a  marine from a very young age, following in the footsteps of his  grandfather, who also served in the Marine Corps.   He was a 1999 graduate of South Pontotoc Attendance Center, where he  was known for his patriotism and sense of adventure. He was a baseball  player, an avid hunter, and a fisherman.   On June 8, 2005, Lance Corporal Tucker was killed in a vehicle  accident while stationed in Okinawa, Japan.   During his funeral, he was awarded the Navy Cross and the Mississippi  Medal of Valor by Marine Major John Harding. He has also been awarded  the Combat Action Ribbon, Good Conduct Medal, National Defense Service  Medal, Korean Defense Service Medal, Humanitarian Service Medal, and  Sea Service Medal.   The Pontotoc community continues to mourn the loss of this young man  who dedicated his life to the service of his country. Today I aim to  honor his family and countless others who have lost their loved ones in  service for our Nation.   