 Mr. President, I come to the floor this evening to talk  about the partisan reconciliation legislation that is before us  tonight. It is named the Inflation Reduction Act, but that is misnamed  because, unfortunately, it does not reduce inflation; it actually makes  things worse.   When you are at the gas pump or at the grocery store or buying  something anywhere today, you are feeling the sticker shock. Yet this  legislation is going to make it even worse. It adds $700 billion more  in spending and over $300 billion more in new taxes at the worst  possible time, increasing costs to consumers and actually making  inflation worse.   The nonpartisan Penn Wharton Budget Model that a lot of us have used  over the years to look at various legislation predicts that it will  actually increase inflation over the next 2 years.   While over time it says that may even out, it won't decrease  inflation as the name suggests and the bill sponsors claim. Why? Well,  primarily because when you put $300 billion-plus of new taxes in the  economy, it actually hurts workers and it hurts consumers.   Yes, they are saying it is going to go to companies, but what happens  then? Companies pass it along. And at a time when we have the worst  inflation in over 40 years, that is bad for the economy.   The nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation that we have to rely on  here in Congress--not a partisan group but nonpartisan--says this bill  will hurt Americans in nearly every tax bracket. They say that more  than half of the burden of the over $300 billion in new taxes is going  to fall on folks making less than $400,000 a year.   Well, that directly contradicts promises made not to increase taxes  on Americans at that level.   While I am glad the blow to manufacturers has been somewhat softened  in the last 24 hours, with the latest version of the bill, what the  Democrats did was essentially exchange one bad tax--the book tax on  manufacturers--for another bad tax, a tax that will tax stock buybacks,  that is going to hurt particularly Americans who are trying to save for  retirement.   Let me start with the book tax. This is a proposed tax that is very  different from the existing corporate income tax which is based on  income that business report to the IRS when they file their taxes. That  IRS income, by the way, is defined by the U.S. Congress. Here in the  Senate, we debate that all the time: Is it good to have a particular  tax incentive or another tax incentive, that is not in the book tax?  The book tax, instead, looks at a company's financial statement. And  that is what this new bill does.   In fact, it comes up with a whole other definition of tax and,  therefore, another tax system called the adjusted financial statement  income. This is broader than the IRS income. It is not fair. It is way  too complicated, and it is going to hurt employees and consumers.   Taxable income owed the IRS is meant to raise revenue, and, again, it  includes these incentives or disincentives for certain activity like  being able to immediately deduct the cost of new equipment, if you are  a manufacturer. We want to encourage that, particularly in periods of  high inflation, so we allow them to do that.   The financial statement income is not determined by us. It is not  determined by elected representatives at all. In fact, Congress does  not have anything to do with it. It is actually determined by something  called the Financial Accounting Standards Board, which is a private  nonprofit recognized by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as  the accounting standard setting for private companies.   That may work fine for determining accounting standards, but this  change effectively puts these people in control of what the corporate  tax base is, even though they are not elected to anything. That doesn't  make sense. Let's not set up a whole new tax system for some companies.  Let's learn from the past.   Back in 1986, when we passed a big tax reform bill, they put a book  tax in place, and it was repealed less than 3 years later. Why? Because  it was viewed as unfair, way too complicated, and, actually, they  thought that you shouldn't have these nonelected officials deciding  what the taxes ought to be.   They said it was bad for the economy, too, because companies were  managing to the book tax rather than the IRS tax. So let's learn from  the past. Why would we want to do that again, set up a whole other tax  system, tax the American economy, tax consumers, tax workers, and do so  through something that in 1986, we looked at and decided this is not  working?   So Democrats will say tonight, Well, this new complicated tax system  is just going to affect big companies.   That is true. But you know what, big companies employ a lot of  people, and a lot of people are going to be hurt. They also sell to a  lot of consumers, all of us who will be hurt. Last year, there were  over 200 companies listed on the Fortune 500 as meeting the criteria  that is set out in this legislation. They employ over 18 million  Americans. It is those employees and those who are customers who are  going to bear the brunt of these tax increases as it is passed down to  them in the form of lower wages, lower benefits, and higher prices for  goods and services.   The Joint Committee on Taxation, a nonpartisan group, just last year  said they expected 25 percent of these corporate taxes to fall on  workers; again, this means lower wages. The nonpartisan Congressional  Budget Office says that employees and workers bear more like 70 percent  of the burden of income taxes, so there is a long list of analyses in- between.   Let's say between 25 percent and 70 percent of these taxes are going  to fall on workers in the form of lower pay and lower benefits at a  time when wages are not keeping up with inflation that is getting  higher and higher.   And, by the way, it is not just wages I am talking about; families  will now face even higher prices as the cost of corporate taxes get  passed along to them. In a study last year performed by the business  schools at the University of Chicago and Northwestern, they found that  31 percent of corporate taxes fall on consumers through higher retail  prices. Aren't prices high enough?   Dems have just added another new tax in the past 24 hours. Democrats  now say we are going to have this complicated tax called an excise tax  on stock buybacks. Again, this is instead of some of the tax they had  in the other new tax that they put forward called the book tax.   Now, Democrats tonight will talk about how taxing buybacks is good  because it somehow hurts Wall Street fat cats. Here is the truth: It  increases the price of stocks to allow buybacks, and by taking away  that incentive by putting a tax on it, there will be less of it. So the  reality is this is a tax on working families, including those trying to  save for retirement when they are already dealing with the struggling  portfolios due to the recent economic contraction and the record  inflation we are experiencing.  [[Page S4169]]    Fifty-eight percent of Americans own stock, and 60 million investors  invest in an IRA or a 401(k). We want people to save for retirement; it  is a good thing. We want them to have healthy retirement. So when  Democrats say they worry about stock prices going up, I have to ask:  Are they worried about people having a healthy retirement account?   Again, when companies buy back stock, it generally causes that stock  to go up, which means it makes Americans' retirement accounts that much  larger. Why is that a problem? The Tax Foundation says retirement  accounts own 37 percent of all corporate stock. That is about $8\1/2\  trillion in retirement funds, $8\1/2\ trillion of retirement funds own  corporate stock. Americans lost about $2 trillion in their IRAs during  the COVID crisis. Let's not encourage them to lose anymore.   Some will say, this is just 1 percent. Well, we know that once a tax  is initiated, it tends to increase. This is the camel's nose under the  tent. The first income tax in 1913, by the way, was 1 percent and just  on top earners. I think a lot of middle-income earners right now would  be happy to have a tax rate that low.   This type of proposal will impact families and their retirement, and  for that reason, we should not even go down this path. Democrats will  also tax employee stock ownership programs, or ESOPS, in this package.  I think some of my colleagues might be surprised to hear that. ESOPS  are plans to give employees ownership of their own companies, with tax  incentives for the dividends to go to their retirement savings. They  are really popular.   ESOPS work; they are great. They enjoy wide bipartisan support here  in the Congress. Employees have this ownership stake, and because of  that, those companies tend to do better. Employees are happier. They  are more profitable. They are more productive. The companies benefit  from it. I don't understand why Democrats want to punish this ownership  structure. Doing so will, once again, discourage investment and hard  work, and it could not come at a worse time.   That is why I want to introduce an amendment tonight that will exempt  ESOPS from the minimum book tax. This is a commonsense amendment-- nothing complicated about it. It will encourage savings and investment;  it is good for the country; and I encourage my colleagues on both sides  of the aisle who support ESOPS to support the amendment.   I also plan to offer an amendment that will increase funding for  Customs and Border Patrol by $500 million that will be used for new  technology to detect fentanyl and other dangerous drugs that are,  unfortunately, flooding across our southern border.   Over 100,000 Americans died of drug overdoses last year, the worst  year on record. Unfortunately, more and more people are dying of  overdoses, and they are dying from this synthetic opioid called  fentanyl. About two-thirds of those overdose deaths were due to  fentanyl.   At a time when deadly fentanyl is flooding across the border, only 2  percent of cars and only 16 percent of commercial vehicles are being  screened. Now, these drugs come across the ports of entry where only 2  percent of cars and 16 percent of trucks are being screened.   They also come between the ports of entry, but at a minimum, we  should be able to do screening of these vehicles and trucks. It is a  gaping hole in our border security, and it has got to be fixed.   This amendment will simply assure that the new funds in this bill for  the Department of Homeland Security bureaucracy, for an office called  Readiness, $500 million will be assigned to a higher priority, to have  Customs and Border Protection be able to detect and stop deadly  fentanyl that is being smuggled into this country at record levels.   So this money would stay at the Department of Homeland Security. It  will instead be used for a more urgent priority. Let's be serious about  our national security and this drug crisis we face, and let's give the  Border Patrol what they need to counter the drug cartels and the  traffickers.   Tonight, I also plan to offer an amendment to ensure the new postal  electric vehicles are actually made in the United States of America. In  this bill, there is a $3 billion appropriation to the Postal Service.  We just went through postal reform, as some of you know, we provided  them additional funding that they needed. This is an additional $3  billion appropriation to buy electric vehicles and charging  infrastructure. However, there is no requirement that these vehicles be  made in America, with U.S. batteries and other components.   In other words, the bill uses taxpayer funds to buy electric vehicles  that can be made with Chinese batteries and Chinese critical minerals.  We know that this is counter to everything we are trying to do around  here. We just passed legislation to make us more competitive with  China. Again, we just passed legislation to provide the Postal Service  with funds for new vehicles, including electric vehicles. The  Postmaster General just made a decision to go from 10 percent electric  to 20 percent to 50 percent. That is already happening. But in that  case, there are requirements; in this case, there are not.   We know that Democrats believe that when we are expanding electric  vehicles, that we ought to ensure that these vehicles are being made in  America. How do we know that? Because in another part of the bill,  which is the expansion of the electric vehicle tax credit, Democrats  included new requirements that the tax credit award EVs made in the  United States with American components.   My amendment would simply apply these identical requirements to these  new electric postal delivery vehicles. Both involve taxpayer subsidies.  What is good for the American driver should be good for the Postal  Service.   My hope is this misnamed ``Inflation Reduction Act'' can be stopped  before it makes things worse, but at least I urge my colleagues on both  sides of the aisle to look at these commonsense amendments and accept  some of these amendments. Some, I have laid out, and some others, I  have talked about tonight to improve a flawed bill.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, this is a really easy one. Let's trade  bureaucracy and more funding in this bill for bureaucracy at the  Department of Homeland Security for desperately needed technology along  the southern border to stop deadly fentanyl from coming into our  communities.   Tragically, over 100,000 Americans were killed last year, which is a  record, from drug overdoses. Two-thirds of those overdoses were from  these synthetic opioids, like fentanyl.   We know that the vast majority of that fentanyl originates with drug  cartels in Mexico now, and there is a surge of these deadly drugs  coming across our southern border.   This amendment increases funding for Customs and Border Protection by  $500 million for badly needed technology to detect fentanyl and other  drugs. If you can believe it, right now, only 2 percent of cars--2  percent--and 14, 15, 16 percent, maybe, of commercial vehicles are  being screened. Both GAO and the Department of Homeland Security IG  have done reports saying we badly need this technology, and it is  available. We need the funding.   The funding is more than offset by reducing huge funding increases in  this bill for this Office of Chief Readiness at the Department of  Homeland Security. So this money stays at DHS.   Let's make it a higher priority to stop and detect these deadly  poisons coming into our communities.   