 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 5746, which contains  the text of H.R. 4, the so-called John R. Lewis Voting Rights  Advancement Act.   With H.R. 4, Democrats are attempting to orchestrate yet another  radical and unprecedented Federal power grab over State-administered  elections, this time under the guise of updating the Voting Rights Act.   But the history here is so important. Upon its enactment in 1965, the  VRA employed extraordinary measures to address pervasive State  resistance to removing radically discriminatory barriers that did at  that time prevent minorities from exercising their right to vote.   But here is what is important: After exhaustive review in 2013, the  U.S. Supreme Court's Shelby County v. Holder decision recognized an  obvious fact when examining the Voting Rights Act: Things have changed  dramatically since 1965.   Of course, that fact should be celebrated. The Court reasoned that  requiring States to preclear election law  [[Page H161]]  changes today based on conduct a half century ago was an  unconstitutional invasion of State sovereignty.   Republicans are thrilled the VRA worked. The truth is that more  Americans from minority communities are voting now than ever before,  and overall voting registration remains sky high.   In fact, voting registration disparities between minority and  nonminority voters in States like Texas, Florida, North Carolina,  Mississippi, and Louisiana are below the national average--and get  this--lower than Democrat-run States like California, New York, and  Delaware.   However, Democrats would have you think exactly the opposite. They  want to bring preclearance back through H.R. 4 and have all the States  seek approval from Merrick Garland's Justice Department before they can  make any changes to their election laws or redistricting, regardless of  whether that jurisdiction has a history of discrimination or not.   Again, this is a blatant Federal power grab. These bills are contrary  to the Founders' intent, the plain text of the Constitution, and if  they are fully implemented, they will further erode Americans' faith  and confidence in our government institutions.   We remain hopeful that the people of our country will see this. We  urge a ``no'' vote today.   