 Madam President, I have come to this floor before for  the same subject, but I now come to express my concerns once again  about the rise in crime in America. Now I want to express what that  rise in crime means for everybody if we don't stop it. If we don't act  soon, and don't reverse the trend of tolerating crime, a generation of  Americans will see the greatest cities fall once again into decay. We  have seen it before, and it is not something that we want to see again.  To stop it, we must allow the police to enforce the law and demand that  prosecutors do their job.   A couple of generations of Americans have now grown up not knowing  how dangerous some of our biggest cities used to be. The two that come  to mind are New York and Washington, DC.   First, let's look at New York 20, 40 years ago. When asked what they  think of Times Square in Manhattan, most younger Americans would  probably say that it is a tourist trap. But it wasn't always that way.  In the 1970s, Times Square was an open sore, filled with adult  theaters, drugs, and rampant crime. Back then, the New York City subway  looked like something from some dystopian horror movie. In other words,  you avoided New York City subways if you could.   Now, let's turn to Washington, DC, in the late 1980s. Its decay could  almost be traced back entirely to one person. Just a few blocks from  here where we are standing right now, a drug dealer named Rayful Edmond  ran the most notorious crack cocaine operation in the country. By 1989,  he was bringing 1,700 pounds of cocaine into DC every month. He used to  put snipers on rooftops near his headquarters. Police suspected his  operation was involved in 30 homicides. During that time, the city's  murder rate doubled. Washington had the nickname the ``murder capital  of the world.''   Then something great happened. Mayors and prosecutors got serious  about dealing with crime. They sent Rayful Edmond to jail for life.  People who lived in cities felt much safer. Businesses flourished.  Pervasive fear gradually lessened because police took criminals off the  street.   The crime rates in New York and Washington plummeted. Young families  moved to urban neighborhoods that were far too dangerous just a few  years before. This was wonderful, obviously. The block where Rayful  Edmond once put his snipers on rooftops is now a very normal  residential street.   Our cities, everybody knows, should be places where we want to live.  We should enjoy going there to see other people. We shouldn't avoid  cities because we are afraid of getting harassed on the streets or  carjacked, at the worst. But that is what is beginning to happen again.  All over the country, our biggest cities are starting to look dangerous  and empty. History repeats and repeats.   Cities are devolving into what they were just a couple of decades  ago. Homicides in 22 major cities have gone up 44 percent since 2019.  Carjackings are up double, even triple, and worse in some cities.  Thieves are stealing from stores with impunity. When that happens,  those businesses shut down, leaving neighborhoods with empty  storefronts and a recipe for urban decline.   Crime is up because of the permissive approach by too many so-called  progressive prosecutors. One prosecutor in San Francisco has said that  if you steal less than $950, you won't be prosecuted. No wonder people  are committing more crimes. These prosecutors see criminals as victims,  releasing them back into the streets shortly after being arrested. This  sows fear in local residents. Common sense ought to tell everybody  that. Common sense says it kills growth. Common sense says it hurt  neighborhoods. Common sense says it endangers regular people who want  to live their lives peacefully.   America is a nation of progress. We are a nation of progress moving  forward. Our current backward slide to urban decays in the 1970s and  1980s is tragic. Working-class families and those who can't afford to  move somewhere safer will bear the brunt of it.   The solution here is not very complicated. A recent poll showed two  out of every three people know what some of these blue-city mayors  haven't figured out yet: More police equals less crime.   When prosecutors list a whole bunch of crimes that they won't  prosecute, it encourages lawbreaking. Also, we need to stop the crusade  to defund the police. They need to stop progressive prosecutors. You  know, I know there is prosecutorial discretion. We all know that not  every crime can be punished or prosecuted.   But if you were a smart prosecutor who didn't want to encourage more  crime, you wouldn't tell the whole world that certain crimes aren't  going to be punished and others will be punished, because that is  inviting those laws to be broken. That is why you see dozens of people  rushing into a retail store, grabbing everything they can that is under  $950 and leave.   Prosecutors ought to keep their mouths shut and just do the job; and  if they use discretion, keep it to themselves not to punish some  crimes.   So we need to make sure that repeat offenders and those who are a  threat to society don't get bail. Otherwise, younger generations of  America will learn all over again the harsh lessons about how quickly  our greatest cities can fall into decay.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   