 Madam Speaker, almost 6 years ago I sat down right  here on this floor with the late, great John Lewis and so many  colleagues to protest the Republicans' unwillingness to take up gun  safety legislation after the Orlando shooting at the Pulse nightclub.   We promised to the American people that if we were given the  majority, we would deliver on gun safety legislation.   Last year, we passed bills for expanded criminal background checks  and to close the Charleston loophole to ensure criminals can't buy  firearms. And today, we will pass groundbreaking legislation to address  gun violence and the epidemic of gun violence in our country.   Gun violence is the crisis of this generation. There isn't a person  or a community in this country that isn't affected by gun violence. It  doesn't matter if you are rich or poor, in a city or suburb, young or  old. We are all a text message away from this happening to any one of  us.   In the last 159 days alone, we have had more than 240 mass shootings  in  [[Page H5375]]  this country; almost 19,000 dead from guns, and 27 school shootings.  Children killed in Uvalde, Parkland, Sandy Hook, and many more places  across the country.   Enough is enough. It is time to do something. Every minute we wait,  every minute we fail to act, we sentence more Americans and more  children to death by guns in this country.   The Protecting Our Kids Act is a smart, commonsense package that will  save lives. I urge my colleagues to take this first step with us. Help  reduce gun violence in this country. Protect your constituents from the  gun violence that is ravaging communities all across America.   And we can't stop here. This is a great bill. There is a lot more  work to be done to make certain that kids and all the members of our  communities are safe.   But have the courage to stand up. Actually, it doesn't take a lot of  courage. Do your job. Protect your constituents from these horrific  acts of gun violence.   Vote ``yes'' on this legislation.   