 Mr. President, will the Senator yield for a question?    That was the question--how soon that might be, given  that we have a 2:15 vote coming up.    No. My question was, simply, how long the Senator was  going to proceed, given that the schedule for my remarks was at 1:35.  So no further questions. I apologize for interrupting. I was just  trying to sort out the timing.    Mr. President, I am not very happy to be back with my  trusty and somewhat battered ``Time to Wake Up'' poster. Almost exactly  a year ago, I delivered what I hoped would be my last ``Time to Wake  Up'' speech and took the poster off the floor.   Things looked good then. The conditions for climate progress were in  place. Voters had elected a Democratic President and Democratic  majorities in both Houses of Congress. So the malicious grip of the  fossil fuel industry on the Republican Party was no longer a stopper.   President Biden ran on a fact-based, uncorrupted climate agenda, and  many in our congressional majorities campaigned on climate action. We  had reconciliation to work with, and work began on a serious climate  bill.   Actually, after I stopped these speeches, the Smithsonian asked me if  they could have this old poster. It is the most used poster in Senate  history, it turns out. And I came pretty close to turning it over to  them, but something made me hesitate. And, well, here it is back again.   We just aren't making progress, not by the only measurement that  matters: greenhouse gas emissions. We are 1 year in--with no bill, no  carbon regulation, and no litigation--and look at the climate havoc.   Scientists reported that global temperatures registered between 1.1  and 1.2 Celsius above average in 2021. That is among the hottest years  ever observed by human beings, and it is dangerously close to our  safety ceiling of 1.5 degrees Celsius. And we are here despite 2021  being a La Nina year, when cold Pacific water usually cools global  temperatures. The last 7 years are the 7 hottest years in recorded  history.   Republicans may mock and disparage this, but they are paid agents of  the polluters causing this. And they are wrong.   In past speeches, I have described how our oceans absorb a massive  amount of the heat that is trapped by greenhouse gas pollution. It is  the heat equivalent of multiple Hiroshima-sized nuclear bombs being set  off in the ocean every second--multiple Hiroshima-sized nuclear  devices' worth of heat per second that we are adding to the ocean.   In the last three decades, our oceans warmed eight times faster than  preceding decades. And it is so massive that it has its own measurement  term: the zettajoule. The top 2,000 feet of ocean absorbed a record 227  excess zettajoules of energy in 2021.   So what is a zettajoule? Well, a half zettajoule--a half zettajoule-- is the total annual energy consumption of the planet. That little line  right down there represents a half zettajoule--the total energy  consumption of planet Earth, all humans. And here is the heat that that  loaded into the oceans because of the amplification of greenhouse  gases--227, one-half--so about 500 times as much heat going into the  oceans as our entire energy heat spend as a species.   And ocean temperatures are, of course, now the hottest ever recorded.  The excess heat means dying coral reefs and lost fisheries with  acidified seas. It means higher sea levels, as heated water expands;  and more severe storms, as heated waters supercharge storm systems,  including the sort of thunderstorm complexes that spawned Midwestern  tornadoes in December.   Republicans may mock and disparage this, but remember: They are paid  agents of the polluters causing this. And they are wrong.   This costs lives and dollars. The United States suffered 20 separate  billion-dollar weather disasters in 2021--almost 700 deaths and $100  billion of damage. The year before, we had hit $22 billion disasters:  tropical cyclones, coastal floods, western wildfires. The most  spectacular fire didn't actually even make it on to this list because  it ripped through more than a thousand homes and businesses in suburban  Denver in December. That fire didn't even make it onto this top  disasters list.   The Pacific Northwest heat wave of June 2021 smashed all records. A  town in normally temperate British Columbia saw 116-degree  temperatures, beating the previous Canadian national record by 3  degrees. The next day, the thermometer hit 118 degrees; the day after  that, 121 degrees. And the day after that, a wildfire burned the town  to the ground.   In Washington and Oregon, temperatures shot off the charts. These  graphs show maximum daily temperatures in Seattle and Portland. The  dots on these charts that form this gray band represent every daily  maximum temperature reading over the last 42 years--over 15,000 data  points. The red dots here and here reflect for Seattle and for Portland  those days--way beyond the norms.   These temperatures aren't just uncomfortable. They are lethal.  Research shows more than 600 excess deaths during the June heat wave in  Washington and Oregon. Those 600 people aren't even counted in that  storm death toll I mentioned before.   So why aren't we doing anything about it? Two primary reasons: fossil  fuel obstruction and corporate indifference. To be blunt, the fossil  fuel industry controls the Republican Party the way a ventriloquist  controls a painted wooden dummy, and the rest of corporate America lets  them get away with it.   The fossil fuel obstruction isn't new. They have been at it for  decades. Dozens of colleagues have joined me here on the Senate floor,  exposing the web of climate denial the industry wove to perpetrate  their obstruction.  [[Page S473]]    The fossil fuel industry is still at it. They have just changed it up  a bit. They can't debate the science anymore, and they can't argue  against the urgency, but they can still write checks. They can fund  phony front groups and fill Republican campaign coffers.   And though they can't sell climate denial, they can buy climate  delay. They can hire the biggest PR and advertising firms around--like  Edelman, IPG, WPP--to pollute our minds with slippery greenwashing,  like they pollute our skies and oceans with their carbon emissions.   Here is an example of this stuff in action. Type ``fossil fuels''  into Google, and this is the slick, phony paid-for result you get--a  fossil fuel giant saying it is ``already a willing and able player in  the energy transition, read more.''   The Guardian and watchdog group InfluenceMap exposed how fossil fuel  PR companies cook up these ads designed to look like Google search  results. ``Don't do anything, we've got this'' is their Big Lie message  of these ads. The watchdogs call this ``endemic greenwashing.''   The industry doesn't just lie and pay politicians; fossil fuel  companies also use trade associations and dark money front groups to  whip up opposition to climate legislation.   Coal-heavy electric utilities and their dark money cohort mobilized  against the Clean Electricity Performance Plan that would have helped  decarbonize the power grid. Republicans did their bidding.   The American Petroleum Institute and other fossil fuel industry  groups fight paying a price on methane emissions from their oil and gas  facilities. They want to pollute for free, knowing full well the harm.  Republicans do their bidding.   The CEO of that 800-pound, climate-obstructing gorilla, the U.S.  Chamber of Commerce, said the group would ``do everything [it] can to  prevent'' Build Back Better and its climate provisions from becoming  law. Republicans do their bidding.   These groups spent millions on political ads. They unleashed a deluge  of lobbying and campaign contributions. They are almost certainly  behind big super PAC spending. They pull out all the stops. And against  them in corporate America to push back against the polluters stands  who? No one. Corporate CEOs talk a big game about decarbonizing their  supply chains and transitioning to renewables, and they wield enormous  influence in Washington when they want to, but here in this building,  where the legislative rubber hits the road, corporate America has been  totally, utterly, completely MIA on climate.   One set of lobbyists even told my staff that once the corporate tax  stuff they cared about got squared away in Build Back Better and was  taken off the table, they didn't want to ``rock the boat'' by  supporting climate provisions, even though they are provisions the  company publicly claims to support.   Not one corporate trade group is lifting a finger here in this  building on climate--not the banks, despite their own warnings of an  economic crash; not the insurance companies, despite the huge checks  they write for climate disasters; not Big Tech; not Big Pharma; not  anyone.   The fossil fuel industry has its choke chain around the Republican  Party so tight that industry folks have told me they are scared to  press for climate measures, that they might be punished by Republicans  working for the fossil fuel industry--punished on the tax and  deregulatory and business stuff they really care about. So they are not  here. They just aren't.   The frustrating thing is that there actually is a way to get to a  safe place, to get to where we can hold warming below 1.5 degrees  Celsius. The key policy is a border-adjustable price on carbon. To get  to safety, we need to do more than just that, but there is no pathway  to safety without that. It is the necessary but not sufficient safety  measure.   Take a look at this chart. This was prepared in conjunction with the  White House and the leader's office. A lot of eyeballs have looked at  this.   The green line here is business as usual. We do nothing, and carbon  emissions do mostly nothing.   This next line down, the orange line, represents our emissions  trajectory if we pass the Finance Committee's clean energy tax credit  package. That gets us to here.   The gray line right below it, the third one down here, is if we could  pass a clean electricity standard.   The yellow one here is the emissions trajectory if we do both of  those things, both the tax credit package and a clean electricity  standard.   This one--light blue--is a carbon price alone. By the way, it is a  modest carbon price that starts at only $15 per ton in 2023 and  increases to $70 per ton in 2032 and doesn't cover unleaded gasoline at  all.   The dark blue line here, the safest line, is all those policies  together. To get to safety, we must deploy all of these policies.   The more policies you have, the deeper the emissions reductions, the  better the chance of safety. But the center pole in the climate policy  tent is a carbon price. Pricing carbon reaches every corner of the  economy, which will be all-important when the power sector has switched  to zero-carbon generation and we need to remedy other polluting  sectors.   A carbon price fuels innovation. Suddenly, every carbon-reduction  strategy has a revenue proposition--no more government-chosen winners  and losers.   A carbon price raises investment. Growing a low-carbon economy will  take trillions in job-producing investment, maybe about $575 billion a  year from now until 2050. Carbon pricing sends an investment market  signal and produces revenues to support those billions of dollars in  private job-creating investment.   A carbon price is exportable through a border adjust that will keep  China and others from cheating.   Last, a carbon price helps to unravel what the International Monetary  Fund says is a $660 billion annual subsidy propping up fossil fuels in  the United States. Do you want to know why the fossil fuel industry can  so easily corrupt American politics? That is your answer. That is 660  billion answers. A $660 billion subsidy every year is one hell of a  motive.    Once your policies are assembled surrounding the carbon price, you  then need a battle plan and the leadership to carry it out. We cannot  win legislative victory without setting the conditions for victory. We  are up against a fossil fuel armada of dishonest PR campaigns, phony  front groups, co-opted trade associations, fake science, and political  dark money. We cannot overcome the corrupting forces of the fossil fuel  industry without sound countermeasures.   Step one is what I am doing here--call out the dark money mischief of  the fossil fuel industry. It is a compelling story, actually, and  people--voters--don't like being lied to, especially not by big,  corrupt, polluting interests. They have been lied to for decades, and  they need to know that. If we all exposed the fossil fuel industry  pattern of deception the way we years ago exposed as fraud the tobacco  industry's pattern of deception, that would open up real political  space for the kind of legislative progress the times demand.   Over in the House, Representatives Maloney and Khanna are on the  case. They are investigating. Hearings are underway. Let's support and  amplify them.   Next, stop the flow of polluter dark money into our politics. In  politics, money corrupts, and dark money corrupts absolutely.   Next, rally the rest of corporate America to the banner. If they are  too chicken to go first and face the risk of Republican punishment on  the stuff they really care about, join together. They can't punish  everyone. Corporate America is actually rich enough, if it wanted to,  to buy the damned fossil fuel industry, fire the crooks and the PR  firms, shut off the money to the front groups and the trade  associations, and clean up the industry from the inside. But corporate  America not only doesn't do that, it does nothing here in Congress.   However we go, we have to get going. Either we act now or we pollute  our way to oblivion. Either we summon a serious response or we ``meh''  our way to catastrophe. Either we enact a serious effective climate  bill or we lose our chance at a safe climate pathway. I will promise  you, that will earn the merited disgust of future generations.   We have a moment here to measure up to. We are failing  catastrophically,  [[Page S474]]  and we are failing for the worst and smallest and most dishonorable of  reasons. So when we reignite work on a real climate bill, when we are  starting to see real administration climate progress, I will see about  sending this battered poster over to the Smithsonian, but if we don't,  I will be back here again and again and again to call this Chamber to  wake up.   I yield the floor.   