 Mr. Speaker, I rise to oppose the previous question so  that we can immediately consider the American Energy Independence from  Russia Act.   Mr. Speaker, last night I held a townhall with over 2,000 of my  constituents.   Do you know what was top of mind to those people?   It was not the previous question. It was energy prices in America,  and particularly, the price of fuel.   Mr. Speaker, it was heartbreaking to hear from constituent after  constituent after constituent who said that they were unable to afford  the energy required to get to work and back just to put food on the  table for their families. Mr. Speaker, you can imagine how embarrassing  and heartbreaking it was for me to have to admit to my constituents  that the reason for those high energy prices was the actions of their  very own government.   Mr. Speaker, since the beginning of the current administration, there  has been a concerted effort to constrain the supply of energy produced  here in America. What we have is a classic problem of supply and  demand. We don't have enough supply, and yet this administration in its  very first week issued an executive order completely halting the  issuance of new gas and oil exploration permits on Federal lands in  this country. It issued an executive order stopping the Keystone XL  pipeline. Mr. Speaker, that pipeline alone, if it were in operation  today, would allow us to import more than enough oil to completely  offset our oil imports from Russia.   The tragic thing about this situation is that the administration is  doing this out of the mistaken belief that it will make the planet  greener. But nothing could be further from the truth. We produce energy  more cleanly here in America than any other country on Earth.   So when we take actions that require us to import more oil from  places like Venezuela, which has a 50 percent higher lifecycle  greenhouse gas emission per barrel of oil than oil produced here in  America, and when we increase oil imports from places like Russia that  still utilize dirty practices like methane flaring--things we haven't  done here in years--we are actually increasing global greenhouse gas  emissions.   Mr. Speaker, if we increase energy production here, not only will we  lower prices for our constituents who are suffering, and not only will  we increase our national security, but we will also make our planet a  cleaner place.   Mr. Speaker, I urge immediate consideration of the American  Independence from Russia Act.   