 Mr. President, the 117th Congress is drawing to a close,  and there is a lot we need to do before the end of the year when the  117th Congress is no more.   At the top of that list, of course, are must-pass bills. In the next  couple of weeks, the Senate is expected to pass a short-term funding  bill to avert a government shutdown. Later this year, we will either  have to pass another short-term extension or a full government funding  package, otherwise known around here as an omnibus.   On top of that, Congress needs to pass the National Defense  Authorization Act, which it has done 61 years in a row. The majority  leader has, so far, declined to put that bill on the floor. This is a  piece of legislation that provides our men and women in uniform the  training they need and the equipment they need to fight and win  America's wars and, hopefully, to prevent a war. It also supports our  military families, and with an all-volunteer military like we have, it  is critical that Congress step up and not only provide for those who  wear the uniform but for those who also serve as members of that  military member's family.   Even though these major pieces of legislation garner most of the  attention, there are countless other bills that need to reach the  President's desk before the end of this Congress. As the Presiding  Officer knows, if a bill passes one Chamber but doesn't pass both and  isn't signed into law, it literally expires. Many of these bills pass  the Senate with overwhelming bipartisan support but continue to collect  dust on the House calendar.   One of those bills is the Jenna Quinn Law, which I have spoken about  many times here on the Senate floor.   This legislation carries the name of a brave young woman from Texas  who was a survivor of child sexual assault. Jenna, as a result of her  own terrible experience, has made it her mission to end the cycle of  abuse that harms children and communities across the country. Her work  is having a big impact. She was the inspiration behind the 2009 Texas  law that requires training for teachers, caregivers, and other adults  who work with children on how to prevent, recognize, and report child  sexual abuse. Since then, a number of other States have passed similar  laws, but this training lacks a source of funding in many instances,  and that is where the Jenna Quinn Law comes into play.   I introduced this bill with Senator Hassan of New Hampshire to  finally back those training sessions with Federal funding through  grants from the Department of Health and Human Services. We initially  introduced the bill last Congress, and it passed the Senate  unanimously. Unfortunately, it became a political hostage and was used  to try to exert leverage to advance a partisan bill that stood no  chance of passage. So here we are, 2 years later, and the bill is, once  again, stuck in House purgatory. It has now passed the Senate twice-- both times with unanimous support--but for some inexplicable reason,  the House refuses to even hold a vote.    This is an issue that is way too important for politics. The children  who suffer as a result of child abuse and neglect continue to suffer.  As for the caregivers who might be able, as a result of the training  they receive, to identify a child who is suffering from the abuse, that  training is not occurring as a result of the intransigence of the House  of Representatives.   So I would implore of Speaker Pelosi, Leader Hoyer, and other  Democratic leaders in the House who control the majority to please pass  this critical legislation.   Here is another great example of a bill that passed the Senate but  which is stuck in the House.   Last year, the Senate passed a bipartisan bill I introduced with  Senator Whitehouse of Rhode Island, called the Residential Substance  Use Disorder Treatment Act, to help incarcerated individuals who are  struggling with drug abuse.   There is a well-established link between drug abuse and crime. In  order for these individuals who have the requisite desire to try to  turn their lives around to have the best shot at living healthy and  productive lives, they need to break the cycle of addiction. The  Residential Substance Use Disorder Treatment Act provides incarcerated  individuals with access to treatment for their substance use disorders.  This treatment is coupled with programs to prepare these men and women  to reenter society, and it provides them with community-based treatment  once they are released.   We learned, from experience in Texas, that it is not enough just to  give people who commit nonviolent crimes an opportunity to improve  themselves while they are in prison. There also needs to be follow-on  services to support them, particularly if they are trying to recover  from their addictions.   Our bill updates the program and expands access to treatment in jails  and prisons around the country so we can reduce recidivism and build  safer and healthier communities. More than two dozen organizations have  endorsed this bill, including law enforcement, criminal justice, and  behavioral health groups. It passed the Senate with unanimous support  last year, but for some unknown reason, it still is lingering on the  House calendar.   This is a commonsense, nonpolitical bill that will help get folks the  critical assistance they need in order to break the cycle of addiction  and to live healthier, productive lives. So why won't the House pass a  bill that will help fund law enforcement and bolster our fight against  drug abuse? Well, we are not receiving any sort of answers.   The third bill I would like to mention is one I introduced with  Senator Padilla, the Senator from California, to support infrastructure  projects and disaster relief across the country.   Last year, State and local governments received huge sums of money  for COVID-19 relief, but as more people have gotten vaccinated and we  have learned, somehow, to live with this virus, many of these  governments at the State and local levels have found themselves with  huge amounts of cash that they can't use for the agreed-upon purpose  and that they don't need anymore for that purpose.   So the idea behind the bill is pretty simple: Give the State and  local leaders the flexibility they need to invest in the most critical  projects in their communities. In some places, that may mean pandemic  relief-related expenses still, eliminating hospital staffing shortages,  and supporting more vaccinations. But in places where the need is  simply not there, our bill gives these leaders the option to invest in  things that are actually needed and that will have a lasting impact.  That includes infrastructure projects like constructing bridges,  extending railways, modernizing ports, and expanding access to  broadband. It also includes disaster relief, which is a major need in  many States across the country.   Both Texas and Kentucky, for example, have experienced devastating  flooding in the last couple of months. Jackson, MS, is in the midst of  a water crisis that has dragged on for weeks, with no end in sight. The  Speaker's home State of California continues to battle destructive  wildfires.   If this bill becomes law--again, it passed the Senate 100 to 0--State  and local leaders will be able to put a portion of the COVID-19 relief  dollars toward disaster relief. This is voluntary on their part. There  is no requirement that they do so, but if they need it and they don't  need it for COVID-19 purposes, then, we ought to give them the  authority to use it. Again, these funds are already appropriated. So  there is no worry about an inflationary appropriation of additional  funds. Local leaders know their communities best, and they should be  able to use this funding in a way that makes the most sense for them.   Senator Padilla and I worked with our Senate colleagues and the White  House to craft language that everyone could live with. We built broad  bipartisan support for the bill, and it passed the Senate, as I said,  100 to 0. Once again, 8 months later, the House has done nothing.  Speaker Pelosi, so far, has declined to let this bill pass even though  it would support disaster relief in her own State and even though it  passed by huge bipartisan majorities.   Those are just three of the bills that are stuck in the House that  have passed the Senate.   The Senate has unanimously advanced legislation to support programs  for those experiencing mental health crises, to provide tax relief to  survivors of human trafficking, to equip law enforcement officials with  the tools they  [[Page S4633]]  need to help people in mental health crises, to increase cross-border  trade with Canada and Mexico, and to beef up security for cargo at  ports of entry. There are bills to cut redtape, to increase payments to  the child support program, and to ensure noncustodial parents have the  opportunity to spend more time with their children.   Our colleagues have even refused to pass a bill naming the post  office in Arlington, TX, after their late colleague and my friend  Congressman Ron Wright. There is no particular reason for it. They just  haven't done it, with no explanation.   All of these bills I have named are just a handful of the ones I have  introduced that are waiting in House purgatory. Add in the long list of  bills led by our colleagues on both sides of the aisle, and you have  got a major legislative pileup in the House.   Unlike the Senate, the House has not been in continuous session, and  the House is only scheduled to be in for 6 more weeks this year. Unless  Speaker Pelosi allows movement on these commonsense bipartisan bills,  we are going to have to start all over again come January. It is time  to get these bills moving.    I know our colleagues in the House don't necessarily embrace all the  legislation that is passed by the Senate, but when commonsense  legislation passes with unanimity or broad bipartisan support, there  just doesn't seem to be any excuse for not acting.   These aren't controversial bills. We are talking about preventing  child sexual abuse, breaking the cycle of drug abuse, strengthening  disaster relief, supporting people in crisis, and so much more.   As I said, these bills are just one step away from heading to the  President's desk for his signature. So I implore Speaker Pelosi to  please take up these Senate-passed bills and allow the House to vote on  them, pass them, and send them to the President for his signature.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   