 Madam President, tonight, on the other side of the Capitol,  President Joe Biden will tell the American people what a great job he  has done. He will read a speech, and seated behind him will be Nancy  Pelosi and Vice President Kamala Harris.   Not even the most extreme Democratic partisan can believe that the  last 14 months have been a success. Joe Biden campaigned for President  as a reasonable and centrist moderate, and he abandoned every one of  those promises the moment he put his hand on the Bible. Instead, he has  handed the agenda over to the most radical and extreme voices on the  far left, and the result for the country has been disastrous.   In 14 months, we have seen trillions of new spending and trillions of  new debt, the highest debt in the history of our Nation.   We have seen a war on domestic energy production. In his first week  in office, Joe Biden shut down the Keystone Pipeline, destroying 11,000  jobs, destroying 8,000 union jobs. He halted new leasing on Federal  lands and offshore drilling, and the predictable result of launching an  assault on domestic energy production is that energy prices  skyrocketed.   But for that matter, everything has skyrocketed--food, electricity,  rent, home, lumber, gasoline, heat, every basic expense. Working  families are suffering and especially seniors--especially those on  fixed incomes.   Then we have our southern border--the absolute chaos and crisis on  our southern border--over 2 million people crossing illegally into this  country, the worst rate of illegal immigration in 61 years. And it is  worth noting that Biden inherited, the year before, the lowest rate of  illegal immigration in 45 years. So he turned success into failure  because he implemented the radical leftwing ideas of open borders from  the extreme left.   The crime and chaos of disease coming from 2 million illegal  immigrants is compounded domestically by the extreme left's war on the  police. We have seen the far left advocating abolishing the police,  advocating defunding the police. We have seen George Soros' funded  district attorney releasing violent criminals. And as a result, crime  is up, murders are up, carjacking is up. And the Biden administration  has embraced that radical agenda, nominating not one, but two of the  leading advocates of abolishing the police to senior positions in the  Department of Justice. Unfortunately, every single Democrat in this  Chamber voted to confirm those leading advocates for abolishing the  police.   We have seen Joe Biden implementing illegal and unconstitutional  vaccine mandates; standing up and firing soldiers and sailors and  airmen and marines; advocating that doctors be fired, that nurses be  fired, that police officers be fired, that firefighters be fired, that  airline captains and flight attendants be fired--an assault on our  liberties. And as disastrous as the domestic policy has been and as  disastrous as the economic policy has been, the foreign policy has been  even worse.   We saw in Afghanistan the catastrophic withdrawal--the surrender to  the Taliban, leaving Americans behind. And unfortunately, when that  happened, every enemy of America, they looked to Washington, they  looked to the Oval Office, and they took the measure of the man in the  Oval Office; and they all concluded that the President was weak and  feckless and ineffective.   As I said at the time when we withdrew from Afghanistan, the chances  of Russia invading Ukraine have increased tenfold. As I said at the  time, the chances of China invading Taiwan have increased tenfold.   When the President is weak, when he is ineffective, our enemies are  on advance and every region of the world you look at is worse for  America.   Russia has launched the largest war in Europe since World War II.  China is more aggressive--is running concentration camps with a million  Uighurs, is  [[Page S853]]  murdering and torturing innocent people in China.   And mind you, when I brought a vote to the Senate floor that said the  U.S. Government should not purchase goods manufactured using slave  labor in Chinese concentration camps, every Democrat but one voted no.   These are extreme positions. This is not the mainstream. This is not  the center. This is the radical and extreme left. Nancy Pelosi will not  portray it on her face, but she knows in January she will no longer be  Speaker of the House. And I will say, Joe Biden's becoming President  was the best thing that ever happened to Vladimir Putin.   Biden began his Presidency by surrendering to Putin, waving the  sanctions on Nord Stream 2; sanctioned bipartisan sanctions that I  authored that had stopped that pipeline, that had stopped an invasion  of Ukraine; and Biden decided surrendering to our adversary was a  better policy. As Neville Chamberlain has demonstrated, appeasement  doesn't work.    The state of America is strong, but the state of the Union and the  state of the Federal Government in Washington is disastrous. Yet the  one bit of bright light on the horizon that I am confident President  Biden will not point to is that the American people will vote in  November, and I believe they will change the path we are on.   We have seen the disaster of the extreme radical left. If Biden could  remember the Joe Biden who swore me into office, the Joe Biden who  swore many of my colleagues into office, the Joe Biden whom we served  with--if he could remember that Joe Biden--it would be a very different  administration. Sadly, this White House has decided the radical,  extreme, socialist left sets the agenda, and the results of that agenda  are playing out for families all across the country.   I yield the floor.   