 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 1168.   I thank Dr. Wenstrup and Representative Plaskett for their work on  this bipartisan resolution. This measure affirms the importance of U.S.  economic partnerships in the Western Hemisphere and, more specifically,  with nations in the Caribbean region.   Over the last two decades, economic partnerships and trade programs  have created job opportunities for Caribbean workers and innovators,  provided incentives for nations to strengthen the rule of law, and  provided new market opportunities for American businesses.   While this resolution highlights the importance of existing trade  programs in the region, it also encourages further enhancements to  these trade programs.   I have said it before, and I will say it again: If we are not  proactive in engaging with our trading partners in the region and  around the world, others who do not share our values, our respect for  economic freedom and the rule of law, or our interest in regional  stability and growth, will.    By engaging and fostering trade with our Caribbean neighbors, we will  strengthen and make the Western Hemisphere more competitive as a region  as China tries to seize even more of the global market share.   I look forward to working with the sponsors to use trade as a key  tool in strengthening the region.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that  the gentleman from Nebraska, the Honorable Mike Flood, be permitted to  take the oath of office today.   His certificate of election has not arrived, but there is no contest,  and no question has been raised with regard to his election.    Madam Speaker, as a member of the Nebraska  delegation, it is my distinct privilege to introduce Members of this  body to our new colleague, Representative Mike Flood.   Mike has a long record of service in the unicameral as the youngest  speaker of the legislature in our State's history. However, what  defines Mike's life is not his successful business in radio or the  positive mark he made on Nebraska in the State legislature. It is his  commitment to his family. He always has put his wife, Mandy, and his  boys, Brendan and Blake, first. They are at the center of everything he  does.   Madam Speaker, I am honored to be the first Member of the House of  Representatives to yield to our new colleague, Representative Mike  Flood.   