 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 9308 honors former Congresswoman Susan Davis who  served in this House for 20 years from 2001 to 2021. She proudly  represented San Diego's 53rd Congressional District and became a  prominent member of the House of Representatives' Armed Services and  Education and Workforce Committees.   She was only the second woman ever elected to Congress in San Diego  County and the first to serve more than one term. Prior to her time in  the House, she served as a member of the San Diego Unified Board of  Education and in the California State Assembly.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 8025 honors former Congressman Martin Olav Sabo, a  longtime Representative from Minnesota. The Congressman served 28 years  in the House of Representatives, eventually becoming chair of the House  Budget Committee.   One of his proudest achievements was putting together a Federal  budget and a deficit reduction package in 1993 which later would result  in budget surpluses. Prior to his election to Congress in 1978, he  served 18 years in the Minnesota State Legislature including serving as  house minority leader and speaker.   He passed away, sadly, in 2016 at the age of 78.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I am opposed to this bill for procedural reasons. The  House Oversight and Reform Committee's agreed-upon procedures for  considering postal naming bills clearly dictate several requirements  for such measures to advance through the House. Among those is the  requirement that postal naming bills be cosponsored by the entire State  delegation before it will be considered in the Oversight Committee, and  then they proceed to the floor.   There are very good reasons for these requirements. This is to ensure  that the State's collective representation agrees that such a local  hero deserves this high honor and the attention of the full Congress.   Unfortunately, this bill is only cosponsored by 34 of the 36 Members  of the Texas delegation, which means it is not ready for consideration  here today.   Furthermore, this bill has not even been marked up by the committee  of jurisdiction in the House Oversight Committee, which means it is  bypassing regular order to come straight to the House floor. This is a  departure from past precedent and procedure.   Following regular order and past practice on these measures prevents  wasting valuable time and resources here on the House floor. There are  dozens of other bills that have earned the support of their entire  State delegations and have also been unanimously approved by the House  Oversight Committee. We should be spending the valuable time on this  floor that we have remaining in this Congress considering these other  bills that are higher in the queue, some of which were introduced in  the first half of last year.   For these reasons, I cannot support H.R. 8203, which breaks with our  agreed-upon process.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, again, for procedural reasons, I encourage  my colleagues to vote against this bill so we may return to regular  order in consideration of postal naming in the naming measures going  forward this year and into the 118th Congress.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4899, which honors  Neal Kenneth Todd, a former World War II U.S. servicemember and Purple  Heart recipient.   At the age of 22, Todd was assigned to the USS Oklahoma as a Navy  Fireman First Class, where he was stationed on December 7, 1941, which  President Roosevelt, standing right below where you are, Madam Speaker,  said, a day which will live in infamy, when the ship was attacked by  the Japanese Air Force at Pearl Harbor.   The USS Oklahoma capsized, and Todd's fate was unknown to his family  for months. He was eventually pronounced dead. His remains, along with  the remains of other servicemembers, were recovered in the months  following the attack but did not begin to be identified by the U.S.  Department of Defense until 2015.   At long last, on February 11, 2021, Todd's remains were successfully  identified and reunited with his brother, Orville, and his sister,  Karen.   Todd was laid to rest with full military honors alongside his younger  brother, Alfred, who also served in the Navy.   I encourage my colleagues to support this bill honoring an American  servicemember and hero who made the ultimate sacrifice for our great  Nation, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of S. 3825, which  honors the late Congressman Ron Wright of Texas, a great American and a  gentle soul. Many of us in the House of Representatives today served  with Congressman Wright in the 116th and 117th Congresses.   A native Texan, Congressman Wright proudly represented Texas' Sixth  Congressional District, stretching from Arlington down past Mansfield  toward Corsicana. He kept up rigorous work schedules in D.C. and back  in Texas, in his district, and he was fondly received; while  simultaneously serving in Congress, he was being treated for lung  cancer.   Prior to his election to Congress he served North Texans as the  Tarrant County Tax Collector, Chief of Staff for Congressman Joe  Barton, and Mayor Pro-Tem of the city of Arlington, Texas.   He was reelected to Congress for a second term in November of 2020  but, sadly, died February 7, 2021, just 1 month into this new Congress.   Congressman Wright was a true public servant, a good friend, and a  loyal American. I encourage my colleagues to support this bill.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Ellzey), my good friend, a Naval aviator, a former Texas  House member, a Southwest Airlines pilot, a great American, and one  heck of a flag football player.    Madam Speaker, I encourage all of our colleagues to  support this bill honoring a loyal, public servant, and as  Representative Ellzey just said, a gentleman and a gentle man, Ron  Wright.   I yield back the balance of my time.   