 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask that the vote not occur until after  comments by Leader McConnell.    Mr. President, reserving the right to object.   I have to begin by thanking my friend and colleague, the Senator from  Pennsylvania, for his efforts to ensure that pregnant women have access  to accommodations--reasonable accommodations at work. They need to have  healthy pregnancies.   As the husband of a wife who had two children while she was working  and a grandfather of two grandchildren with a daughter who is a nurse,  I absolutely want to make sure that those reasonable accommodations are  accounted for.   However, in its current form, this legislation before us would give  Federal bureaucrats at the EEOC authority to mandate that employers  nationwide provide accommodations such as leave to obtain abortions on  demand under the guise of a pregnancy-related condition. Worse still,  the legislation would subject pro-life organizations, including  churches and religious organizations, to potentially crippling lawsuits  if they refuse to facilitate abortions in direct violation of their  religious beliefs and their moral convictions.   Unlike title VII and the Americans with Disabilities Act, this  legislation contains no exemptions for religious organizations.   I and a number of other people do not believe that abortion is  healthcare. I believe it is a brutal procedure that destroys an  innocent child.   The Federal Government should not be promoting abortion, let alone  mandating that pro-life employers and employers in States that protect  life facilitate abortion-on-demand.   I hope that we can work together on this legislation and amend it to  address those concerns so that all the reasonable accommodations they  worked so hard to achieve can be passed and can gain my support and the  support of other colleagues. But until such time, sir, I have to  object; and on behalf of Senator Lankford, Senator Daines, and myself,  I do object.   