 Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that  all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks  and include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order.    Madam Speaker, President Biden's address to  the Nation last night was a missed opportunity. Our country is mired in  a historic number of crises of the President and his party's own making  at home, at our border, and abroad.   The rhetoric in the President's speech simply did not match his  failing record. No amount of spin can change what every single American  can see plainly and feel so personally.   Madam Speaker, in simple summary, our Union is in a state of crisis.  Hardworking American families are being threatened by skyrocketing  prices and empty store shelves; by alarming increases in crime; by our  wide-open borders and illegal immigration; by record overdose deaths;  by delayed tax returns and government services; and, of course, not the  least of which is the projection of weakness on America's part on the  world stage.   Since the magnitude of these problems obviously has not convinced the  President and his Democrat allies in Congress to reverse course, I am  not sure anything will.   But the State of the Union address is supposed to be an annual  opportunity for the American President to take stock, to level with the  American people, to acknowledge what has worked and what has not.   Republicans urged President Biden to take advantage of that  opportunity last night to chart a new direction, to speak honestly, to  accept responsibility for the declining state of our country and pledge  to do better.   President Biden certainly would not have been the first American  President to seek a reset--far from it. Presidential resets are common,  and they are necessary. But this President didn't do that.   What did we get instead? Another typical Biden speech. We got another  series of warmed-over Democrat talking points taped together and  presented to the American people as if it weren't those same policies  that got us into the messes that we are in.   Madam Speaker, this evening, my Republican colleagues and I will  provide a further response to the State of the Union that was delivered  here just last night.   But first, Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Washington  (Mrs. Rodgers), my friend and colleague, for her remarks and for a  prayer that is being shared tonight around the world.    The words of the psalmist resonate today as  much as they did when they were written so many years ago, and our God  is faithful. I thank the gentlewoman for putting that in perspective  tonight.    Madam Speaker, I am happy to yield next to the gentleman from  California (Mr. LaMalfa).    Madam Speaker, energy policy is national  security policy. Energy security is national security. We know that  acutely now.   Madam Speaker, I am delighted to yield next to the gentlewoman from  Michigan (Mrs. McClain).    Madam Speaker, I thank my friend. Very well  said.   Madam Speaker, I am happy now to yield to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Keller), who announced this week that he will not be  seeking reelection, and he will be sorely missed because he is a  gentleman and a great legislator.    Madam Speaker, I thank my friend. I  appreciate him very much.   Madam Speaker, I am happy to yield to the gentleman from South  Carolina (Mr. Wilson), who has been a mentor to me and so many others  in Congress.    Thank you, Mr. Wilson, for all you do, and  your expertise in foreign affairs is a great blessing to all of us.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Rose).    Madam Speaker, that was so well said. We  are going to stay in the State of Tennessee.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr.  Burchett), who is from that same area.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman  from Georgia (Mr. Clyde).    Thank you, my friend. Well said. Madam  Speaker, I am happy to yield next to the gentleman from Pennsylvania  (Mr. Thompson), the Republican leader of our House Agriculture  Committee.    Thank you, my friend, for your leadership.  That was well said. As we say over and over and over, energy security  is national security, and it is unconscionable that we are funding  Putin's aggression in Ukraine.   Madam Speaker, I am happy to yield next to the gentlewoman from  Illinois (Mrs. Miller), my dear friend.    Well said. The hypocrisy was on display  last night. It is just absurd.   Madam Speaker, I am happy to yield next to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Good).    Mr. Good said it so well, and that passion  is felt all around this country. I hear it from my constituents. I know  Mr. Good does as well. All of us do. People couldn't even tune in last  night. Our constituents are writing to us saying they couldn't even  watch it because it was nauseating how untrue it was. Here we are.   Madam Speaker, I yield next to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. Mann).    Very well said, my friend. Thank you for  being here.   Madam Speaker, I yield to another colleague now, the gentleman from  Wisconsin (Mr. Grothman).    Madam Speaker, I thank Mr. Grothman. That  was well said. There is lot. We know you can go all night because there  was a lot to complain about.   Madam Speaker, tonight you have heard the response of so many of my  Republican colleagues to the lackluster State of the Union address that  was held here last evening. Perhaps the most glaring problem with his  speech is that the President tried to ignore the fact that it is his  lack of leadership that is what has created this dangerous situation  that we are all in right now. All the crises you have heard about, the  American people know the facts.    I grew up in the seventies and eighties. I was a child of the Reagan  era, and we remember in the Cold War he reminded us we maintain the  peace through our strength. What he communicated to us so clearly is  weakness invites aggression. We have projected weakness on the world  stage, and it is inviting Russian aggression. We pray and hope that we  do not get a similar aggression from our other adversaries like China,  North Korea, Iran, and the rest.   The only thing holding back terrorists and tyrants and dictators and  rogue operators around the globe is their perception of a strong  America. That is what we stand for. We wish we could have heard that  from the President in a more honest tone last night, but we didn't get  it.   So we are here. We are going to continue to work on this side of the  aisle to fix these problems, and we look forward to the election cycle  this fall where we believe the fortunes around here are going to change  pretty substantially.   Madam Speaker, I thank my colleagues for being here tonight, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   