 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at a time to  be determined by the majority leader, in consultation with the  Republican leader, the Senate proceed to executive session to consider  Calendar No. 1194, Robert Harley Shriver III, of Virginia, to be Deputy  Director of the Office of Personnel Management; that there be 10  minutes for debate, equally divided in the usual form, on the  nomination; that upon the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote  on the nomination without intervening action or debate; that if  confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon  the table; that the President be immediately notified of the Senate's  action; and that the Senate resume legislative session.    Mr. President, shortly, I will ask unanimous consent to  confirm Richard L. Revesz to be the Administrator of the Office of  Information and Regulatory Affairs, or OIRA, within the Office of  Management and Budget.   While OIRA is a small, relatively unknown office in the Federal  Government, it manages Federal rules and regulations that have very  real impacts on Americans' daily lives. The decisions OIRA makes can  affect everything from repairing roads and bridges to funding K-12  schools and protecting our air and drinking water.   Mr. Revesz is a nationally recognized expert in environmental and  regulatory policy and is well qualified to lead OIRA. He currently  serves as the AnBryce professor of law and dean emeritus at the New  York University School of Law, and his scholarship has focused on  regulatory policy, modernizing the regulatory process, improving cost- benefit analysis, and ensuring greater transparency and participation  in the rulemaking process.   As Administrator, Mr. Revesz will be responsible for ensuring the  Office provides transparency into regulatory decisions and promoting  public participation in the rulemaking process.   Mr. Revesz received bipartisan support in committee and has the  support of former OIRA Administrators who served under Presidents of  both parties.   I urge my colleagues to join me in confirming Mr. Revesz to this  important role today.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  vote on confirmation of the Rumbaugh nomination at 12:15 p.m. today;  that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table; that the President be immediately notified of the  Senate's action; finally, that following the vote, the Senate recess  until 2:15 p.m.    Mr. President, for the information of Senators, in  addition to the 12:15 p.m. vote, we expect a rollcall vote on going to  the omnibus message at approximately 2:30 p.m. today.   I yield the floor.   