 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, Mr. Arrington. I  wish I had a witty sports rejoinder from Michigan to Texas, but I  utterly lack that.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address the deeply troubling state of  our Nation's finances. As Mr. Arrington has pointed out, at this  moment, the U.S. public debt stands at nearly $31 trillion or 122  percent of our Gross Domestic Product. Total debt service on this as of  August of this year was $677 billion, which is more than we spent on  national defense in the 2017 fiscal year.   To put it another way, this current administration, despite all of  this, does not seem worried. In fact, they are enacting policies that  will only grow and exacerbate this problem.   This administration, with the assistance of the Senate and House  counterparts, passed both the American Rescue Plan and the  oxymoronically named Inflation Reduction Act through reconciliation  with absolutely zero communication across the aisle.  [[Page H8301]]    Still, not satisfied with what they have been able to spend on a  strictly partisan basis in Congress, the administration has arrogated  to itself sweeping fiscal powers under a national emergency which it  continues to extend, not because the actual emergency persists, as the  President has mentioned that the pandemic is over, but because they  need the money. And that is what the administration has chosen to do.   Our question is: With these emergency powers, what is their goal?   It is engineering one of the largest upward transfers of wealth in  the Nation's history. It is spending $400 billion--that is almost 2  percent of GDP--to pay down the loans of those who attended college.   It is important to keep in mind in the United States, the median  household income of a college graduate is over $100,000, significantly  higher than the median income of the American taxpayer, and nearly  twice the median household income of a family in my district.   Why are they doing this? Have college graduates been  disproportionately affected by this pandemic?   No, quite the opposite.   College grads have done relatively well compared to the rest of the  country, many of whom could Zoom into work. They had the option of  working remotely. They were not laid off en masse.   The reason the Biden administration is choosing to do this is because  it is what the Democratic Party does. They use control of the ever- growing State to tax their enemies and pay their friends.   President Biden, facing a historically unpopular moment, has a base  that is apathetic because he has failed to deliver the unrealizable  promises that he made.   So the answer? A 2 percent of GDP gift to drive them to the polls. It  is that simple.   After all this, there will still be losses, but once again, we will  achieve nothing. And once again, we will have a bill that we will foot  for decades to come.   We must put an end to this type of governing.   