 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, we thought the Democrats were obsessed with President  Trump, but Justice Thomas is a close second. This bill is simply the  latest installment of the Democrats' campaign to delegitimize and  attempt to intimidate the United States Supreme Court.   It started when President Trump nominated Brett Kavanaugh--that was  just too much for the left to bear--and they launched a smear campaign  in an attempt to derail his nomination.   Then we saw Senator Schumer stand on the steps--remember, a leader in  the legislative branch--stand on the steps of the Supreme Court, a  separate and equal branch of government, and threaten Supreme Court  Justices. He said: I want to tell you, Gorsuch; I want to tell you,  Kavanaugh, you've released the whirlwind, and you will pay the price.  You won't know what hit you if you go forward with these awful  decisions.   Just last month, a crazed individual attempted to assassinate Justice  Kavanaugh in his home. An assassination attempt on a sitting Justice of  the United States Supreme Court.   For months, Democrats on the Judiciary Committee have pursued this  narrative that the Supreme Court is somehow illegitimate. Members of  the committee, including the chairman, have introduced a bill to pack  the Court to add four associate Justices to our highest court.   The committee has held hearings that can only be interpreted as an  attempt to lay the groundwork for an effort to impeach Justice Thomas.  Today, the Democrats bring forward a bill that is completely  unnecessary.   Why are the Democrats going down this path?   Because, frankly, they have nothing else. We are debating this bill  today because it is July of an election year and inflation is at a  level not seen in 40 years. It is the highest inflation rate in 41  years. The price of gas, the price of food, the price of daily  necessities have skyrocketed. We are debating this bill today because  illegal immigration is at unprecedented levels.   Last month, Customs and Border Patrol reported that we have already  surpassed the prior years' total for encounters at our southern border,  and we still have 3 months left in the fiscal year.   We are debating this bill today because they can't talk about the  fact that our country is gripped by an epidemic of violent crime in  every major urban area in this country. Every day, Americans are being  assaulted, robbed, and murdered in our cities.   We are here because the Democrats have no answers and desperately  hope that a manufactured crisis will help them in November. The  Democrats want Americans to believe that the Supreme Court at any  moment could step in and overturn its opinions in Obergefell and  Loving--that is simply not true.   The very decision that Democrats say creates this threat explicitly  denies it--explicitly disclaims it. Here is what the court said in the  Dobbs decision. The Dobbs decision should not be misunderstood,  mischaracterized to cast doubt on precedents that do not concern  abortion.   The court condemned the idea that the Dobbs decision would lead to an  overturning of other cases, stating, ``Perhaps this is designed to  stoke unfounded fear that our decision will imperil other rights.''   It is this unfounded fear that brings us here today. We are here for  a charade; we are here for political messaging. The Democrats can't run  on their disastrous record, they can't run on any accomplishments. It  is less than 4 months before an election and all Democrats can do is  stoke unfounded fears, and so that is why we are here with this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I hope we can defeat it. I hope it doesn't pass. As I  said, it is unnecessary and wrong. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  The gentlewoman used the word ``violence.'' Violence? Fifty crisis  pregnancy centers and churches have been attacked in the last 11  weeks--50 in 11 weeks. Think about that.   As I said in my opening statement, the leader of the Senate stood on  the steps of the Supreme Court and said to two specific Justices: You  have released the whirlwind, and you will pay the price. The Speaker of  this body waited 4 weeks to give protection to Supreme Court Justices'  families after the left had posted online where her kids go to school,  where their family attends church on Sunday morning. And in that  interim, during that time after that bill had come out of the Senate  unanimously, we had the assassination attempt on one of the Justices-- one of the very Justices that the Senate Democrat leader had referenced  in his comments on the steps of the Supreme Court.   And, of course, the Attorney General of the United States refuses to  prosecute anyone who has protested at those Justices' homes in direct  violation of the statute while the case was still pending in front of  the court. Directly on point.   So concerns of violence--yeah, we all have concerns. She is right  about one thing: We all have concerns about violence. But I just want  everyone to understand what is going on as we speak. Fifty pregnancy  centers and churches in 11 weeks. I don't know if we have ever seen  anything like that--that kind attack on the pro-life community.   Even so much that a witness who came in front of our committee for  the second time--she was here a few months ago and came back the second  time. The second time she had to bring security with her because of  threats against her life.   Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman  from Louisiana (Mr. Johnson), my good friend and the ranking member on  the Constitution, Civil Rights and Civil Liberties Subcommittee on the  Judiciary Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Roy), who is a member of the Judiciary Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Texas.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   The chairman of the full committee is right. This legislation would,  in fact, codify Obergefell. But what it would also do is reverse the  law in 35 States, where those States have said, marriage should be  what--you know--traditional marriage. In fact, in 30 of those 35  States, the people of those respective States went to the ballot and  voted for that.    So let's be clear. He is right. You can codify what the Court said in  that decision, but it would undo what the people in the respective  States, 35 States, either in 5 of those States through their elected  Representatives in the legislature, or in 30 of those States where the  people went to the voting booth and voted, it would undo that.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, the Speaker of the House just said,  ``Republicans knew the Defense of Marriage Act was unconstitutional  when they passed it.''   Did the 118 Democrats who voted for that legislation know the same  thing? Did the President of the United States, President Clinton, when  he signed it into law, did he know it was unconstitutional?   I mean, I have heard some ridiculous things said on the House floor  in my time here in the United States Congress, but that one--that one-- was right up there.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr.  Johnson), my good friend.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. Johnson).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, as I said at the outset and the gentleman  from Louisiana (Mr. Johnson) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. Roy)  have said, we think this legislation is unnecessary.   Justice Alito was very clear--again, it has been read several times-- the Dobbs decision should not be misunderstood or mischaracterized to  cast doubt on precedents that do not concern abortion.   The Court couldn't have been clearer. The Obergefell decision undid  what 35 States have as law in their respective States. Thirty of those  States it was the vote of the people, as I said before. But this  legislation is going to, I guess, just go after the decision of the  respective States, and, as I said, the voters in those States.   I think it is also, as we have indicated, a further effort to  intimidate the Court. We have had Senator Schumer's statements on the  Supreme Court steps, we have had the AG's inaction with regard to  protestors at Justices' homes, and, of course, we have had the  Democrats' introduction of a bill to add four Associate Justices to the  Supreme Court to pack the Court, and not focus on some of the things  that are so pressing.   I mean, Mr. Johnson was right when he talked about 50 attacks on  churches and pro-life crisis pregnancy centers in 11 weeks. That last  clause is important. In that short a time frame, that sustained effort  by the left to go after the pro-life community and places of worship is  as wrong as it gets. I would love to have a hearing on that issue and  what actions we might be able to take to help stop that because that is  not supposed to happen in our great country.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote on the legislation, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   