 Madam Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Michigan  (Mrs. Dingell) for offering this very important piece of legislation  and to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Meijer) for his support on the  amendment that I am offering and all of our dedication to the Great  Lakes being quite evident by this work.   Growing up in Michigan, my family would camp and fish every year in  East Tawas, Michigan. We grew up on the Great Lakes. These are really  fond memories I have from my childhood, and it is a particular honor as  a result to represent 118 miles of Lake Huron shoreline in Congress.   Over the past couple of centuries, nearly 200 non-native species have  established populations in the Great Lakes. In my home State, invasive  species like Asian carp, zebra mussels, and phragmites threaten the  health of our Great Lakes. Zebra mussels have clogged our water  infrastructure costing millions in cleanup. Asian carp eat the wetland  plants that are critical habitats for native fish and waterfowl. We  have to prevent the spread of invasive species in our Great Lakes, we  have an obligation to do that.   This bipartisan amendment would expand the ability of the Fish and  Wildlife Service Endangered Species Recovery and Habitat Conservation  Legacy Fund to manage and prevent invasive species. We believe this  simple amendment makes this very good bill stronger and will have a  positive impact on the Great Lakes economy.   When we protect our wildlife and natural resources, we strengthen our  economy and we preserve our way of life. The Great Lakes are a source  of drinking water for millions, a critical wildlife habitat, and help  support 1 million jobs in boating, fishing, and tourism industries.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on this  bipartisan amendment to protect our Great Lakes and strengthen our  natural resources, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman's comments, and  I agree that we ought to do everything we can to address this issue of  invasive species. I just happen to believe that this bill is a very  appropriate approach to this.   Coming from the Great Lakes, I will say we need every tool we can get  our hands on to protect this incredible resource. I welcome the  opportunity to include this language in this legislation.   Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Michigan  (Mrs. Dingell), my colleague, friend, and the sponsor of this  legislation.    Madam Speaker, I have no more speakers, and I am prepared  to close.   Madam Speaker, I appreciate the debate and the conversation, but for  me and I think for Congresswoman Dingell, and certainly for Congressman  Meijer and anybody else who has grown up knowing and loving the Great  Lakes, this is an important economic resource. It is an important  cultural resource. It is literally the definition of the lines of our  State.   Protecting the Great Lakes is an incredibly high priority for  Democrats and Republicans, liberals and conservatives, people all  across the spectrum. And every opportunity we have to take even a small  step to do more to protect this precious water resource we are going to  take that opportunity.   For that reason, I support the underlying legislation. I advocate on  behalf of my amendment. I hope my colleagues will join me, Mr. Meijer  and Mrs. Dingell in supporting it, and I yield back the balance of my  time.   