 I ask unanimous consent that I complete my remarks--I  think they will be concluded by 11:30--but that I be allowed to go a  minute or two over before the rollcall.    Mr. President, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring  Dr. O'Dell Owens, a champion of public health and public education in  Cincinnati whom we lost last month. He was a longtime friend, longtime  activist, longtime Ohioan, a public servant, and a trailblazer.   Dr. Owens' story and his unwavering dedication to the public good  serves as an example for all us in Southwest Ohio, throughout Ohio,  throughout the Midwest, and throughout the country. So much of his work  was aimed at empowering young people of color and encouraging them to  recognize their potential by staying in school and attending college.   He often shared a memory from his year as a ninth grader. A college  counselor said he was ``too poor and too dumb to go to college.''  Imagine a counselor saying that. Dr. Owens proved that counselor and  everyone who didn't believe in him--he proved them wrong. He graduated  from college; he got a masters and a medical degree from Yale  University. He completed his fellowship at Harvard Medical School.   After gathering degrees and credentials that provided him with  opportunities anywhere in the world, Dr. Owens returned to his home in  Cincinnati where he spent his career serving his community. He was a  pioneering fertility specialist at the University of Cincinnati Medical  Center. He became the first African American to hold office in Hamilton  County when he was elected the county coroner.   He served as president of Cincinnati State Technical and Community  College. That is where I worked with him the most closely. He served as  the Hamilton County interim health commissioner and as president of the  nonprofit Interact for Health.   His work always came back to his community and extended far outside  of medicine. He sat on the boards of various organizations and  foundations, including the University of Cincinnati, the National  Underground Railroad Freedom Center--the only one of its kind in  America. It is an extraordinary place. Anyone anywhere in the vicinity  of my part of the Midwest should visit it--and the Federal Reserve Bank  of Cleveland's Cincinnati Business Advisory Council.   He was chairman of the Cincinnati Preschool Promise. He volunteered  as chair of the annual children's Cincinnati Educational Television  Action Auction in support of Cincinnati's public television  programming.   Dr. Owens empowered each of us to make the world a better place, and  he so succeeded. He reached out to me and my office to make sure we  were paying close attention to issues impacting people in Cincinnati.    He was a very talented speaker known for his passionate delivery-- always, always standing up for what he believed in. He was well- respected. He was dearly loved throughout our State for his courage  and--what I would like most to think about--his moral clarity.   He took care of Cincinnati. I join our entire community in expressing  gratitude for his lifetime of service. Today we recommit to his  example.   Our thoughts are with the Owens family and with all those who knew  and loved him.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the scheduled  vote begin immediately.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   