 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise this afternoon in pursuit of  justice for the Black men and Black women abducted, beaten, and killed  during the segregation era in the American South and in retaliation for  their participation in the civil rights movement.   I rise today to ask that the Senate pass the Civil Rights Cold Case  Investigations Support Act to secure justice and pursue truth for the  victims of those atrocities, for the victims of civil rights cold  cases, and for their families--justice for folks like Alphonso Harris,  a member of the SCLC who was murdered in Albany, GA, in 1966; justice  for Ernest Hunter, who was killed in a physical altercation at the  Camden County jail in St. Marys, GA, in 1958; justice for Caleb Hill,  Jr., who was dragged at night from a Wilkinson County jail in Middle,  GA, in 1949 and shot to death by a lynch mob.   Decades may have passed, but the pursuit of justice cannot and will  not end. I sat down in Wilkinson County a few months ago with Caleb  Hill, Jr.'s descendants, and in his name, they demand justice. By  passing the Civil Rights Cold Case Investigations Support Act and by  doing it with the support of Democrats and Republicans in the U.S.  Senate, we will demonstrate that the United States will never rest in  the pursuit of truth and justice for those who were lynched, abducted,  beaten, killed, and assaulted in the segregation-era South and during  the civil rights movement.   I thank Senator Cruz for his original cosponsorship of this  bipartisan legislation, and all of my colleagues on both sides of the  aisle, for bringing us now to a point where, after much work, I hope  that we can pass this legislation with bipartisan support.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent the Senate proceed to the  immediate consideration of Calendar No. 451, S. 3655.    I further ask unanimous consent that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate.    I yield the floor.   