 Madam President, I come to the floor today to honor a  friend, our late Senator from Georgia, my predecessor, Senator Johnny  Isakson.   I mourn this great loss with the rest of Georgia and people all  across our Nation, and since his passing, I know I have joined many of  you in reflecting on the countless memories and moments that we shared  with Johnny Isakson.   Without a doubt, Senator Isakson cared deeply for Georgia, and he  cared deeply for our country. He was a patriot, a public servant, and  there are members of my staff, I am proud to say, who used to work for  Johnny, and they will tell you that he never hesitated to show up.   I often talk in my other job about the ministry of presence.  Sometimes, half a job is to show up, and he knew how to show up for  people, whether it was paying a visit to an ill patient, the ill parent  of a staffer, or seeing a disabled veteran.  [[Page S38]]    Senator Isakson dedicated years of service to our beloved State, to  our veterans, our families, and our children.   He always made it a point to join us at the Ebenezer Baptist Church  for the annual service and commemoration of Martin Luther King, Jr. I  always smile when I consider the fact that he showed up. A lot of  politicians showed up. He always stayed for the whole service, and, I  will tell you, it is no short service. But Senator Isakson was there  the whole time as we recognized and celebrated Georgia's greatest son,  Martin Luther King, Jr.   Johnny Isakson was my friend. In fact, when this country elected its  first Black President, he recognized the historic significance,  although he was in a different party. He called me on the phone. He  thought I might want to be there. So I witnessed in person the  inauguration--the first inauguration--of Barack Obama as a guest of  Johnny Isakson.   And then, a few years later, when we were at a flash point--a flash  point of division in this country--and there were some, as we were  approaching a State of the Union Address, who were saying we should not  have the same kind of partisan scene where one side stands up and the  other one sits down, that we ought to try to find the ways in which we  are connected, and the folks who work here will all try to find  somebody. You all might remember that. Johnny Isakson reached out to  me, and I was his guest sitting in the House, witnessing for the first  time in person a State of the Union address. And the very first time I  stood on the floor of this Chamber, I came as Johnny Isakson's guest,  as Chaplain of the day, opening the Senate in prayer.   He was my friend, which is why I was not surprised when he called me  up and he said: Raphael, I am retiring. I want to say good-bye, and I  want to come by your church.   So on a Sunday morning, Senator Isakson and his wife and other  members of his family came by. We enjoyed conversation in my office,  and then I shortened my sermon that morning so he could say hello to  the people of Ebenezer. He left a gift to support our ministry to  veterans because he was so committed to those who give so much for our  freedom.   Johnny Isakson always showed up, and he was unafraid to work across  ideological differences, political differences, in our State and our  country. I will never forget that example of public service.   So this morning, with great appreciation and admiration for Senator  Johnny Isakson--for a friend--I introduced a bipartisan resolution with  Senator Ossoff, honoring the life and the legacy of Senator Isakson,  that is cosponsored now by all of my 99 Senate colleagues.   He brings us together in death the same way he did in life. He is a  model of public service, an example to future generations of leaders on  how to stand on principle to make progress, while also governing with  compassion and a heart for compromise.   I hope we can all remember the lessons of Senator Isakson's service,  always looking for ways to make friends, to move our State and Nation  forward, and, when that doesn't work, looking for how we can make, as  he called it, ``future friends.''   I bring these lessons and other advice Senator Isakson gave me to my  work for Georgia here in the Senate. I am already looking forward to  next year's bipartisan barbecue which Senator Isakson started and we  carried on this year in his honor.   I look forward to continuing to work with all of my colleagues--all  of them--for the love of the people we serve and the spirit of our  beloved friend, Senator Johnny Isakson. May my predecessor and friend  live forever in our hearts and spirits. He was an upstanding elected  official and an even better man.   Blessed are they who die in the Lord's sense of spirit, for they rest  from their labors, and their deeds do follow them.   God bless his memory and bless his family with the peace of God that  surpasses human understanding.   Madam President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous  consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 484,  submitted earlier today.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and that the  motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with  no intervening action or debate.   