 Madam President, it is hard to forget the 14th of February  in the year 2018, when I was actually here in the U.S. Senate when news  reports began to emerge that there had been a shooting at a school in  South Florida, where I live.   I was at the time--or I am still now, but at the time, all four of my  kids were in school in South Florida, and as a parent, the first thing  that flashes in your mind is, Where? Which schools was it?   Fortunately, we were blessed by God's grace that it was not any of  the schools that my children were in, but, sadly, there were other  Floridians on that day who were impacted in ways that I think will  clearly forever change their lives, but I think it has also impacted  the Nation.   It is now well known what happened on that terrible day, a day of  complete horror that shocked the Nation, and today, we stop and  remember those who lost their lives on that day and those whose bravery  saved lives on that day.   We have learned much since that day about the things that went wrong  with law enforcement, with the FBI, with local authorities, and with  the school district, and that work continues. The monster who committed  this act is now facing the justice of the Florida court system and will  soon be sentenced.   But I wanted to spend the brief time we have to talk about it here  today focusing on what has happened since that day and, in particular,  the extraordinary work of some of the parents of those children who  lost their lives on that tragic day, because they have turned their  pain into activism in ways that have had concrete and meaningful  impact.   One in particular is Max Schachter and his family, who, as they dove  into this, realized that there was no place where school districts  could go and learn about the best practices for how to safeguard a  school or any facility, for that matter. Everyone was off doing their  own thing, being pitched contracts and ideas by different companies  that said: We can add this, and we can give you that. But there didn't  seem to be a single place where you could go and learn the best  practices to ensure the safety of our students.   That began to change because of his work. He lost a son, Alex, on  that day, but from that pain, he has become a national leader on the  issue of a Federal clearinghouse, which now exists.   The previous administration, the Trump administration, took executive  action on it. Today, there exists a  [[Page S598]]  clearinghouse that I hope we can put into statute through the Luke and  Alex School Safety Act to make it permanent. It has become a resource  where schools across the country are now able to, on an ongoing, real- time basis, see whether what they have in place is the highest standard  and the most effective. Every time there are improvements, it is  updated. It has had a meaningful impact. There are schools across this  country that had vulnerabilities they didn't recognize. Those  vulnerabilities aren't just about physical hardening of buildings and  so forth; it is about identifying and getting ahead of these problems.   Sadly, what we learned from many of these tragedies is that, well  before that day, there are clear signs that something is about to  happen.   I think one of the things that most struck me is that multiple  families told me that as soon as the news came out that this had  happened, everyone knew who it was. Without even having heard the name,  everyone knew who did it because the signs had been there and they had  been missed.   The ability of school districts to now recognize that and get ahead  of it is just one of the many innovations that are now in place because  of the work of Max and his family in honor of their son Alex and of all  those who suffered greatly on that day.   So I think it is important not just to obviously remember the  extraordinary pain and horrific events of that moment but also to  remember how these brave American families have since that day taken  their pain and turned it into action and that today, across this  country, many of our schools are better positioned to prevent this from  ever happening to anyone else because of what they have done with this  tragedy.   I wanted to take this moment today to commemorate and recognize their  hard work and the work they and other families are doing not simply to  raise awareness but to spur real, concrete action that makes a  meaningful difference.   I now want to turn it over to my colleague from Florida, who was  Governor on that terrible day and dealt with this all firsthand.   