 DAVIS of Illinois. Madam Speaker, I associate myself  with the remarks made by my colleagues relative to our tragic loss of  Representative Walorski who was the ranking member of the subcommittee  that I chair.   Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Inflation Reduction  Act of 2022. This is the most transformative piece of legislation that  I have seen. It lowers family healthcare costs, reduces drug and energy  costs, makes the largest investment in addressing climate change in the  history of this country, and cuts carbon emissions by 40 percent.  [[Page H7666]]    This bill would create millions of good-paying, union jobs and  stimulate economic growth and development across the Nation. It  incentivizes manufacturing and reduces our reliance upon foreign-made  products.   This bill does what we have been trying to do for years, and that is,  it empowers Medicare to negotiate the price of prescription drugs.  Millions of seniors and disabled individuals will benefit from this  provision alone, not to mention what the monthly cap on the price of  insulin would do for millions of others.   Madam Speaker, this bill would cut the deficit and lower inflation,  will not cost the average taxpayer one additional cent, unless they  earn $400,000 annually or more. One feature of this bill that I am  especially proud of is the enhanced tax credit to bring solar and wind  energy to low-income communities. This tax credit will assist these  communities.   Madam Speaker, this is a great bill, and I urge its passage.    DAVIS of Illinois. Madam Speaker, I ran for Congress to  help people in Chicago, in Illinois, and across the country. The  Inflation Reduction Act represents a transformative investment in  families, workers, businesses, and the planet that will improve health  and well-being, advance economic and environmental justice,  meaningfully address climate change, and grow our economy while asking  the wealthiest and most secure to pay their fair share.   As a member of the Ways and Means Committee, I am deeply honored to  have played an active role in advancing these policies that improve the  health of Americans, workers, our economy, and the environment. The  pandemic has harmed tens of millions of Americans--disproportionately  hurting African Americans and other communities of color, women,  seniors, and children. This bill meets immediate needs for lower costs  for health care, medications, and energy as well as long-term needs for  good-paying jobs, a healthy environment, a fairer tax system, and  deficit and inflation reduction.   As a former health care professional, I am proud to vote for this  bill that would achieve several important goals in healthcare. The  Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) would have the power to  negotiate certain high-cost prescription drugs for seniors and people  with disabilities that are Medicare beneficiaries. It would enhance  premium tax credits, subsidies for people who buy insurance on the  Affordable Care Act marketplaces, for three additional years. This is  to extend the enacted legislative measure by Congress and President  Biden last year to help people during the COVID-19 pandemic. Medicare  recipients would not have to pay more than $35 per month of their out- of-pocket costs for insulin. Drug companies will have to pay a rebate  to Medicare if their prices increase faster than inflation, and place  caps on Medicare Part D out-of-pocket drug purchases at $2,000 yearly.  There will be no copayments for vaccines in Medicare Part D, Medicaid  and the Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP). Each of these  health provisions directly helps people spend less of their money on  healthcare costs and slows the price increases of medicines, giving  Chicagoans, Illinoisans, and Americans extra money to meet their needs  and improve their well-being.   As the representative of communities harmed by high energy costs and  pollution, I am proud to vote for this bill that will save the average  American household hundreds in energy bills, reduce emissions by 40  percent by 2030, generate enormous public health benefits via reduced  air pollution, and grow our clean energy economy by spurring 9 million  jobs.   I am pleased that this legislation includes my bill, the Low-Income  Housing Renewable Energy Credit Act (LIHREC) of 2021, to provide a  larger tax credit for those businesses investing in new wind and solar  projects in low-to-moderate income (LMI) communities. I am confident  that this provision will help the tax code advance environmental and  economic justice by bringing the economic and environmental benefits of  solar energy to low-income individuals and communities, spreading the  benefits of clean and affordable energy to households like those that I  represent that have far too often been neglected by clean energy  providers. Current renewable tax benefits typically remain out of reach  for low-income communities, which also experience greater power- generated pollution. The new provision would provide an enhanced  Investment Tax Credit to solar projects benefiting low-income  residents, including multifamily housing, community solar homes, and  individual low-income residential homeowners.   Some of the leading companies in this sector have raised the need for  additional guidance related to the use of the credit for projects  benefiting low-income homeowners to ensure that the program within the  reconciliation bill will provide environmental justice allocations in a  manner that provide businesses sufficient certainty to make the  necessary investments in LMI communities. The central concern is  clarity that businesses offering rooftop solar to LMI homeowners will  receive the credit allocation prior to engaging with potential  customers so that businesses can honestly convey the expected energy  costs. Critical to the success of this new program will be  participation by those businesses providing residential rooftop solar.   My intent in drafting the LIHREC Act, the basis for the provision  included in the reconciliation bill, was to ensure that residential  rooftop solar businesses would be in a position to leap into service of  LMI communities when the bill is signed into law. As such, the  legislation is designed to provide maximum flexibility to Treasury in  designing the application and allocation process for the bonus 10  percent credit. Specifically, the legislation is intended to allow  residential rooftop providers to identify potential customers in  qualifying census tracts and submit applications to serve these  customers up-front, before these businesses have engaged these  potential customers. My understanding is that these businesses will  need to know if they have received a credit allocation before they can  offer the benefits of rooftop solar to new customers in LMI areas to  provide accurate pricing information to low-income customers. Without  certainty in the availability of the credit allocation, low-income  homeowners are at risk of entering deals with shifting costs or of not  having the opportunities at all given the uncertainty for businesses.  So today, I make clear my understanding that the negotiated text gives  Treasury the necessary flexibility to award allocations up-front so  that businesses can make new investments in LMI communities knowing  that they will be in a position to claim the bonus credit.   I also received questions from an insurance company in Illinois about  whether companies that only prepare what is known as statutory  accounting statements would be required to produce GAAP statements or a  hybrid of GAAP. It is my understanding that the legislation provides  that applicable financial statements required to be filed with state  insurance regulators will be recognized as applicable financial  statements for purposes of the new book minimum tax. State insurance  regulators already are subject to a robust regulatory financial  statement requirement to ensure the continued protection of insurance  consumers. After enactment, I will work to convey this understanding to  the executive branch.   I am honored to vote for this once-in-a-generation legislation. I  came to Congress to make this type of momentous change. I urge my  colleagues to pass it.   