 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, this last Friday, we learned that U.S.  employers added another 428,000 new jobs in the month of April. The  unemployment rate is down to 3.6 percent, which is just about what it  was before the pandemic struck. April marked the 15th consecutive month  of job growth under President Biden, and the United States has now  recovered more than 90 percent of the jobs that were lost during the  coronavirus pandemic. To put it into context, when President Biden took  office, 20 million Americans relied on unemployment benefits just to  get by. Now that number is down to slightly more than 1 million--from  20 million to 1 million.   This historic progress shows the resilience of American workers and  small businesses that battled through more than 2 years of this  unprecedented health crisis. This is truly an American success story.  It is also the result of bold and decisive economic actions taken by  the Democrats in Congress and President Biden.   The American Rescue Plan you will remember well. It passed without a  single Republican voting in favor of it last year. That plan helped us  get shots in the arms, and it provided economic relief to small  businesses and unemployed Americans when they needed it the most.   The bipartisan Infrastructure Investment and JOBS Act represented a  historic investment in America, in our Nation's infrastructure-- everything from roads and bridges to expanding broadband and access in  underserved communities. This legislation is creating jobs. We see it  in the report. It is helping America stay connected at  [[Page S2370]]  home, at school, and with their doctors, and it is allowing us to meet  21st century demands like climate change and cyber attacks.   Even with last Friday's good news, we still have more work to do to  make sure we have an economy that really works for everyone. Too many  American families are still struggling to pay the bills and afford the  basics amid global inflation caused by President Putin's unprovoked war  in Ukraine and rising COVID cases in China that are disrupting our  supply chains.   Last week, the Federal Reserve raised interest rates by half a  percentage point. That is the biggest rate hike in 22 years. They are  trying to tamp down this inflationary pressure. We know, for many  American families, a break in rising prices can't come soon enough, but  we also know that the root causes of this challenge are complicated and  that it will take a global effort and some good fortune for us to  address it successfully.   Democrats are committed to taking action to lower household costs and  combat rising prices, get kids back to school, and workers back to  work. We need to give families a helping hand when it comes to the  basics: medication, housing, gas for your car or truck. We need to  think ahead and begin preparing and investing now for future COVID  surges so we can save lives and minimize the potential disruption to  our supply chains and the economy.    It is incredible to me, after what this Nation and world have gone  through and continue to go through with over a million Americans having  died from COVID, that we still are in a fierce debate over whether we  ought to prepare for the possibility that it could come back. We know  it will. Sadly, it will. I hope it is in a manner that we can control.  We believe, on the Democratic side, that we should ``be prepared.'' We  weren't prepared when it hit initially. With the statements by the  former President that this was some sort of a hoax and that it would  all disappear someday, we just lulled ourselves into thinking it wasn't  serious. Well, a million American lives have been lost to prove just  how serious it has been. We need to support workers and families-- healthcare workers, too--and small businesses, like restaurants, that  are the lifeblood of our economy.   I urge my Republican colleagues to sit down and get real. We ought to  face this public health issue for the reality that it is. We ought to  face this economy with the challenges we face. We need to boost  American manufacturing and jobs. We need to lower costs for families,  and we need to insulate our economy against future COVID.    I announce that the Senator from Maryland (Mr. Cardin),  the Senator from Washington (Mrs. Murray), and the Senator from  California (Mr. Padilla) are necessarily absent.    