 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be allowed  to speak for up to 5 minutes prior to the scheduled votes.    Mr. President, I will be brief. But I do want to talk  about a serious subject. You know, 30 years ago, we wouldn't have been  talking about email or social media or other things that we now rely on  to receive communications, to be informed on political choices, and to  potentially even support candidates that we want to support. But the  reality is, today, we all have two or three email accounts, probably  most of them based on Gmail. We have got access to Twitter, Instagram,  Facebook--a number of social media platforms. And I have a concern that  maybe it is not a level playing field for political views.   We have always had that argument, but recently NC State issued a  report that seems to find that--particularly with Gmail--we have an  imbalance between how information is disseminated, how candidates are  able to reach out for support. What the study found is a potential  political bias against Republicans in favor of Democratic candidates.   Now, I am a technology person, and I think my staff called me a bit  of a nerd. I have been in technology for almost 40 years. I am not  willing to jump to the conclusion that Google has necessarily created a  strategy for benefitting Democrats over Republicans, but a study seems  to suggest that there are legitimate questions that need to be  answered.   I, for one, don't think any platform should favor either policy. I  think more speech, more access is better; more informed voters, more  people participating in elections. But the study seems to suggest that  there is a bias in the way that we receive our information through  Gmail.   I joined a letter with Senator Daines to say: Take a look at that  report, take a look at your operations, and give us your response to  the assertions in the report.   I know that this is very important for the future of elections, for  the future of participation in elections. And, again, I don't want a  platform that biases itself toward conservatives any more than I want  one that biases itself towards liberals. But I did have an opportunity  to talk with technologists at Google, who dismissed the report. But  that is not enough. The report has findings. And I think--in this case  Google, but there are other platforms we can ask the same question.   Incidentally, Twitter 2 months ago informed me that I was not who I  said I was, so they suspended my account. I tried to go through an  appeal process and finally just decided I don't need that Twitter  account. I am wondering if that was a result of an algorithm or the  result of somebody in Twitter who didn't like what I had to say about  my mother and my wife and my kids on my Twitter account because I  happen to have an official account that, for some reason, it is OK.   We have got to get this straightened up, and Google can help us start  by taking a look at the findings in this report and providing us hard  answers for it and identifying others who may actually be responsible  for the outcomes that we are, at this point, assuming are the  responsibility of Google.   I think it is very important for us to go through the report, give us  the information we need because we may find out that Google is, in  fact, not responsible for what some of my colleagues believe is the  vast majority of appeals from conservatives going into their spam  filter and never being reached. There may be other reasons. We already  know that Russia, China, other state actors influence public opinion in  the United States through their views and exploitation of social  platforms.   So the reason I come to the floor today is to basically reassert what  I did in the letter to Google. Do the homework. Prove to us that there  are no operations or conscious decisions made by the management or  individuals in the organization to actually bias towards one ideology  or the other. I need that information so that we can figure out how we  can have more speech and more engagement in the political process.   But I will say this: If there is any social media platform that has  an employee or an organization that is biased, those folks should no  longer be working for those platforms. And if I find any evidence to  that effect, I will be pursuing it aggressively. But I come to the  floor to encourage Google to do the homework, know that I will be  objective. And I would like to get a response soon.   