 Madam Speaker, I rise today to express my strong  opposition to H.R. 4521.   This bill does nothing to counter the global threat posed by the  Chinese Communist Party. This bill will not make our global standing  stronger. In fact, this bill suggests a sort of complacency with  respect to China and its agenda.   This bill says that we must compete with China on China's terms to  succeed.   This is the wrong kind of thinking.   There are three principles that I think we need to focus on when  dealing with China.   First, for the United States to beat China, it cannot become China.  We need to focus on  [[Page H827]]  America's ability to innovate, grow, and efficiently allocate capital.  We need to reaffirm our commitment to free people and free markets.   Second, the United States and its allies must prevent China from  rewriting the international rules of the road.   Third, we need to lead by example. National security requires the  United States financial sector to remain open, vibrant, and resilient,  even as we prevent Chinese companies from advancing Beijing's strategic  goals.   This bill fails to accomplish any of these goals.   In fact, this bill is contrary to many of the principles that have  made this country great.   For example, this bill would create a back door for the Treasury  Secretary to strangle financial innovation.   Currently, under Section 311 of the PATRIOT Act, the Treasury  Secretary can invoke one of five special measures when a foreign entity  is suspected of money laundering and investigate potential wrongdoing.   These measures have only been invoked 26 times since enactment, with  12 of those ultimately rescinded. This is a powerful regulatory tool  that Democrats now want to expand so that the Department of Treasury  can block individual financial transactions as it sees fit.   The Democrats' partisan bill would allow the Treasury Secretary to  redefine what counts as a ``transmittal of funds,'' potentially  sweeping up vast swaths of the digital economy and shutting down  transactions with people and institutions they don't like abroad.   We went through this during the Obama Administration and Operation  Chokepoint, when we witnessed unelected bureaucrats at agencies across  the federal government shutting legal businesses out of the banking  system for little more than ideological disagreement.   Well, here we are again. This time the target is digital assets. It's  been clear from the start that this Administration and Democrats are  anti-innovation.   Unfortunately, this is not the only time we've seen this move;  Democrats recently tried adding this provision to the NDAA as well.   It was a bad policy there, and it's a bad policy now. Elected  officials need to govern cryptocurrency thoughtfully and transparently,  not slip prohibitions into an unrelated, 3,000-page bill.   To ensure our continued leadership, including in the digital assets  space, we must focus on our strengths and the frameworks that work that  made our country great--the free market. We should legislate to ensure  those attributes are protected--not legislate out of fear.   