 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak up to  whatever additional minutes necessary for me to complete my remarks  before the 11:30 vote.    Madam President, I certainly rise this morning, going into  this afternoon, in advance of a vote on a motion to proceed, a cloture  vote, on the SFC Heath Robinson Honoring Our Promise to Address  Comprehensive Toxics Act of 2022, and I would call upon my colleagues  to do the same thing.   I appreciate what I just heard from the chairman of the Senate  Committee on Veterans' Affairs and how he made the case for why this is  important legislation and why we have little excuse not to see its  success here in the next few days.  [[Page S2800]]    I mentioned last night when I spoke on the Senate floor that I am not  a veteran. I mentioned that my experience in high school in seeing  those who are just a year or two older than me returning from their  service in Vietnam caused me to reach a conclusion that I would do  everything I could in my life to compensate for the ill treatment those  men and women returning from service in Southeast Asia received from  their fellow Americans. I was going to pay respect. I was going to  honor them. I was going to say thank you. That is what a 16-year-old  kid thought he should do to make certain that we compensate for those  who served our country and deserved something better than what they  received.   I never envisioned being a Member of the U.S. Senate, never thought  that was something that would happen to me in my life, but because I  now serve in this capacity, I have an obligation to do much more than  saying thank you. There is nothing wrong--it is a good thing to tell  those who served ``Thank you. I appreciate your service. I respect  you,'' but that is just the beginning.   Certainly, as a member of the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee and  a Member of the U.S. Senate, I and all my colleagues owe those who  served in Vietnam and every other battle of our Nation more than just  saying thank you.   My guess is that nearly all of us, the 100 of us, probably said these  words at services across our States on Memorial Day weekend. We have  said it hundreds of times: ``Thank you for your service.'' I will  continue to say ``thank you for your service'' hundreds and hundreds of  times myself.   But this week we have the opportunity to do something significantly  more and that is to actually provide the benefits that men and women  who served in Vietnam and who served in Iraq and Afghanistan and around  the globe--the benefits they are entitled to and the benefits which  they desperately need.   We were with a group of veterans--certainly a group of veteran  organizations--this morning on the Capitol lawn, and, to my knowledge,  every veterans service organization, every organization that represents  veterans is asking us to pass this legislation. But I also was  surrounded by family members and veterans themselves who have  experienced horrendous circumstances in their lives and their families'  lives as a result of exposure to Agent Orange in Vietnam and toxic burn  pits in Iraq and Afghanistan.   And you can see the challenge that people face in their lives because  of their service. And we no longer have the capability, if we ever did,  to say: No, we can't help you yet; we will wait for--we will wait for  more science, more medicine; we will wait until the Department of  Veterans Affairs completes another study.   We can't wait because they can't wait.   During my time at home over that Memorial Day weekend, a Navy veteran  said he and his father were both exposed to toxic exposures in their  service to their country and, to their knowledge, they have no  consequences, no physical ailments that resulted from that. But they  said: Every day we worry about it because we don't think--we don't know  that if we do develop those symptoms, that the Department of Veterans  Affairs and, really, the American people are going to be there to take  care of us. So every day of our lives, knowing that we have been  exposed to toxic substances during our military service--every day we  wonder, if something does develop, what is going to happen to our  spouse? what is going to happen to our kids? what is going to happen to  me, the person who served, if we don't know that the VA, the Department  of Veterans Affairs, is going to be there with the benefits that we  need to care for ourselves, our health, and our family members?   The bill that we take up today is a culmination of years of work, and  people across the country have come to their Congress over those years,  knocked on our doors, made phone calls, and asked us: Please do  something to take care of someone we love who has been exposed to these  terrible substances and causing death and ill health in their lives.   So, across the Senate, many of us have introduced legislation over  those years, legislation in recent years, and with the leadership of  our Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee, we had begun the process of  sorting out bills that our colleagues were asking us to pass to deal  with toxic exposure, and now we have combined the best of those pieces  of legislation from many Members of our Senate, members of our  committee, into the Heath Robinson Act.   We have incorporated important fixes to the House version of this  bill. We have worked to make sure the mitigation--this has been one of  my concerns from the beginning is how do we take care of a lot more  veterans who desperately need to be cared for and not disadvantage  other veterans who are already waiting in line for services at the  Department? And we have worked to mitigate, to reduce, to eliminate  those disruptions in VA operations.   We have streamlined the disability claims process for toxic-exposed  veterans. We have prescribed a lasting framework for the future VA  decisions that is transparent and driven by scientific evidence, all  with the effort and hopefully the consequence of not negatively  impacting veterans already in our system. This lasting framework is a  win for veterans, requiring the VA to be proactive in evaluating  diseases for service connections.   We have had the opportunity, over a long period of time, to say:  Well, the VA has the authority to take care of you. That really wasn't  a very good explanation because it never seemed to happen fast enough,  and in the process of us waiting on the Department of Veterans Affairs  to act, more and more service men and women became ill and too many  died waiting for a result.   With this bill before us today, we are called to act for veterans,  and we should answer that call. The Heath Robinson Act is a solution  for a problem that has plagued veterans for too long and left way too  many families either uncertain about whether they would be cared for or  actually left them without the care they desperately need. This is a  responsible approach to fix a broken system that has been cobbled  together through decades of patchwork fixes. As we all tried to do  something, we never got enough accomplished. But we tried, and we have  put this patchwork system together that has failed those who need our  help. This legislation is our chance to make certain that future  generations of toxic-exposed veterans can get the healthcare and  disability compensation that they deserve without delay.    Every member of the Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs has voted  for the original bill in front of our committee, now nearly a year ago.  The bill was passed out of committee with the understanding that  Senator Tester and I would work to find some fixes to problems that  people recognized. In my view, both Republicans and Democrats had  concerns about certain aspects of this legislation, and we have now  spent the last year and particularly the last several months trying to  fine-tune this bill in a way that certainly reduces some damage and  fixes the process, increases the assets in personnel and resources that  the Department of Veterans Affairs has for determining disability  claims and for providing healthcare for those who serve. This is a  better bill as a result of our efforts, and I thank Chairman Tester and  my committee colleagues for their partnership and work to get us where  we are today.   There was a lady on the Capitol lawn this morning in the group that  Senator Tester and I spoke to, and she was telling me that her husband  was exposed to toxic substances in the Middle East, that he is  experiencing growing symptoms of challenges as a result of that  exposure. He is waiting to see whether this bill passes, and he is  hoping that even if he is the last veteran alive to see the legislation  passed that he will have accomplished something that is important for  him because he will pass knowing that the problems he is creating for  his family due to his service are being addressed.   There is sadness in that, that one who is challenged by these  conditions wants to know that we have done our job so that he can know  he has done his job as a father and a husband. Today begins the day in  which we can demonstrate that we are capable of doing our job, and I  ask all of my Republican and Democratic colleagues to join me  [[Page S2801]]  in supporting this historic bill for our veterans today and for the  generations of veterans to come.   I yield the floor.   