 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Joe Biden inherited a relatively stable and calm world, and in 14  months, we have complete chaos.   Think about last summer. Think about that video last summer where you  had people trying to jump on the wheel of the plane as it was taking  off in Afghanistan, that situation there, the debacle that was the exit  from Afghanistan. Think about what is going on in Ukraine today.   Here at home, in 14 months, we went from a secure border to complete  chaos, over 2 million illegal immigrants coming into this country in 1  year.   We went from relatively safe streets to record levels of crime in  every major urban area in the country. We went from stable prices to  record-high inflation, 40-year-high inflation. We went from energy  independence to $5 a gallon gas and the President of the United States  begging Iran and Venezuela to increase production. In 14 months, from  stability to chaos.   Today, what are the Democrats bringing to the floor? A bill that is  titled Creating a Respectful and Open World for Natural Hair Act of  2022. That is what we are focused on today.   How about a world where gas prices aren't $5 a gallon? How about a  world where you can actually walk safely on your streets and not have  record levels of crime? How about a world where inflation isn't at a  40-year high? How about a world where we are actually energy  independent? Those are the issues we should be focused on.   But Democrats today, Friday, March 18, 2022, with chaos all over the  place, this is what they are focused on.   Madam Speaker, as the chairman of the Judiciary Committee just said,  we have civil rights laws that cover any kind of discrimination. It is  covered. It is wrong if it happens. But this is what the Democrats are  focused on. Fourteen months of chaos, and we are doing a bill on hair.    I think the American people expect more from their Congress, expect  more from their elected Representatives, and I hope we can actually  focus on the things that matter to the American people.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, the majority leader just said that the bill is not  about hair; the bill is about discrimination.   I would say he is wrong on both counts because disparate treatment  cannot be based on race, color, national origin. That is already the  law. That is constitutional.   So, he is wrong on that statement, and the bill is definitely about  hair. Here is the title of the bill: Creating a Respectful and Open  World for Natural Hair. So, he is wrong on both counts. So, the bill is  about hair.   What the bill is not about is dealing with the crazy energy situation  we find ourselves in today. The bill is not about opening up ANWR. The  bill is not about increasing domestic production of energy so we don't  have $5 gas.   The bill is not about dealing with the inflation problem, the 40-year  high inflation problem that this country faces, the problem that is  impacting moms and dads and families across this country every single  day. The bill is not about that.   It is definitely about hair. It is not about that.   It is not about dealing with the border situation, the 165,000  illegal encounters on the border last month alone. It is not about  that. It is not about that.   The majority leader was wrong when he said this bill was not about  hair. That is all it is about.   I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from North  Carolina (Mr. Bishop), my friend and a member of the Judiciary  Committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I just want to point out, the majority leader just 3 minutes ago said  the reason the bill is on the floor today is because of the minority.  That can't happen. We don't schedule the floor. The reason the bill is  on the floor today is because the majority is bringing it to the floor.   I would love to be able to have the power as the minority to bring  legislation to the floor because if we could, I tell you what, it  wouldn't be this bill. It would be a bill dealing with energy, a bill  trying to bring down the price of gasoline, which is at $5 a gallon in  some States. It would be a bill trying to deal with the border  situation. I wish we could schedule the floor.   Let's hope the American people are going to make a change this fall  and put us in a position where we can schedule the floor because if we  do, if we get that power, we will focus on those kinds of issues.   The majority leader of the House of Representatives just said the  reason the bill is on the floor today is because of the minority. That  cannot happen. I wish it could, but it can't. Those are the kind of  arguments we are getting.   We should be focused on the issues the American people want us to  focus on right now. Families across this  [[Page H3838]]  country, all families want us to focus on certain things. But not the  Democrats. They are going to focus on the hair bill.   Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman  from North Carolina (Mr. Bishop).    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  I would just--avoiding? It sounds to me like the Democrats are avoiding  the issues the American people care about. That is our point. I am  focused on what the families in the Fourth District of Ohio come to me  and talk to me about. They are talking to me about $5 a gas; guarantee  it. My guess it is the same in all your districts as well.   They are talking to me about the border, our southern border that has  been complete chaos now for 14 months. They are definitely talking to  me about the price of eggs, and milk, and butter, and food at the  grocery store, about everything, because we are at a 40-year high  inflation.   Avoidance? The people who are avoiding the issues the American people  care about are on that side. And to get lectured and using that is so  wrong, so out of touch with the American people. Avoiding. You have got  to be kidding me. We want to focus on the issues the American people  care about. That is the whole darn point.   Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman  from North Carolina (Mr. Bishop).    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, for all the reasons we have talked about  and what we should be focused on here, I would urge a ``no'' vote on  the legislation and hope my colleagues will do the same.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   