 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Texas for yielding, and I thank the bill's sponsors.   Mr. Brady recently, in his speech, mentioned Nick Tullier, the  officer from Baton Rouge, Louisiana, that was shot, and everyone  expected Officer Tullier to be dead, for him to expire within hours of  being shot. He took incredible shots to the chest and to the head. I  will say it again, every physician I spoke to said he wasn't going to  make it.   James Tullier and Mary Tullier, his parents, were remarkable parents  in that every single day they sat by his side. TIRR Memorial Hermann  Hospital, where Nick Tullier was for close to 6 years, did a remarkable  job in ensuring that he would be able to live and would be able to  sustain for many years.   Mr. Speaker, had it not been for the work of the hospital, the  amazing innovation there, there is no question in my mind that those 5  or nearly 6 years that Nick Tullier was able to spend with his family,  able to enjoy the company of his parents wouldn't have happened.   Mr. Speaker, I join my friend Mr. Brady, and others, in supporting  this legislation and recognizing the incredible work of these  innovation centers. I urge adoption of the legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   I rise in support of H.R. 1917, the Hazard Eligibility and Local  Projects Act.   As the gentleman from New Jersey just stated, this is a critical  bill. It has already passed the House once. It passed out of the  Transportation Committee by voice vote.  [[Page H9937]]    I want to explain the scenario. In recent years, this Congress has  provided record funding for mitigation projects, whether it be through  the Corps of Engineers, the BRIC program through FEMA, or the Hazard  Mitigation Grant Program that is based upon a formula of previous years  disasters.   What this legislation does is it really is a technical fix. In many  cases, Mr. Speaker, it can take FEMA not weeks or months to approve a  mitigation project, but years. It can take years. In many cases, Mr.  Speaker, these projects are absolutely critical projects; they have  great urgency behind them.   We must have a project development and delivery process that reflects  the urgency of the projects. This bill helps to fix that.   What it does is it doesn't necessarily wait on Federal approval to  allow for a project to be reimbursed to be an eligible project. I want  to be clear, Mr. Speaker. This doesn't change the rules of eligibility.  Meaning a county, a parish, a borough, a State could not move forward  on a project doing something that ultimately is not approved and then  get reimbursed. So the criteria for qualifying projects remains intact.   This simply says if a parish, a county, a borough, or a State moves  out on a mitigation project before approval from FEMA, they are not  prevented or deemed ineligible from ultimately getting reimbursed under  the Hazard Mitigation Grant Program.   I thank Mrs. Fletcher for her work on this. This is the second time  the House has voted on this legislation. The first time the bill passed  the House, I think it was 409-16. I am going to say it again, Mr.  Speaker: 409-16.   Mr. Speaker, this legislation clearly enjoys broad bipartisan  support. The Senate did make two small changes that we fully support.  It does put a 3-year sunset on the bill. Secondly, it does require a  report back to Congress to show the performance of the program and  whether or not it should be renewed.   Again, Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of H.R. 1917, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Puerto Rico (Miss Gonzalez-Colon).   Miss GONZALEZ-COLON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the  Senate amendment to H.R. 1917, the Hazard Eligibility and Local  Projects Act, introduced by my colleague, Congresswoman Lizzie Fletcher  from Texas, and which I am a proud cosponsor.   The reason for that is that this bipartisan bill supports our  communities with their preparation and response efforts to any  disasters. Specifically, it will make them eligible for certain Federal  disaster mitigation assistance for projects that began prior to  submitting a request for assistance.   The Senate amendment builds on this sound work by including a 3-year  sunset clause that will allow Congress to assess the use of this  authority and flexibility moving forward.   We need to support our constituents in their efforts to safeguard our  communities against any disasters. In my district, Puerto Rico, and in  several others across the country, we know all too well the impact  certain disasters may have on our health, economy, and of course,  everyday life.   This bill will support mitigation and related initiatives prior to  the disaster taking place. As such, it reduces the need for post- disaster response funding and ensures the continuity of mitigation work  once it has started.   Timely mitigation measures create and promote resiliency and lead to  a faster recovery. As a cosponsor of H.R. 1917, I urge my colleagues to  support this bill, as amended.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of  my time.   Mr. Speaker, again, this legislation is designed to address specific  problems we have seen, bureaucracy and inefficiency. As the gentlewoman  from Puerto Rico (Miss Gonzalez-Colon) just noted, this has impacts on  communities that have experienced multiple disasters like in Puerto  Rico, where they have had some profound impacts from hurricanes. We  don't need to have the Federal Government revictimizing our citizens by  creating bureaucratic steps.   As the gentleman from New Jersey stated in his opening, we have seen  over and over again, we are making proactive investments in mitigation  which results in significant savings. Studies show the number could be  anywhere from $3 to I have seen studies approaching $20 in savings.  This allows for those projects to move forward.   Again, this bill cuts through the bureaucracy and red tape. I urge  adoption of the legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.   