 Is this a proper forum to do a unanimous consent request?    Madam President, the Department of Veterans Affairs needs  a steady hand to guide the Veterans Health Administration, this  Nation's largest integrated healthcare system that delivers quality  care and timely care to our veterans, if they have a leader.   I rise today because Dr. Shereef Elnahal is that person. He has an  impressive record of leading healthcare systems and health agencies.   Most recently Dr. Elnahal served as president and CEO of University  Hospital in Newark, NJ, and previously as New Jersey's 21st health  commissioner. But, more importantly, he is committed to caring for the  more than 9 million veterans in VA care, a commitment he has carried  out as assistant deputy undersecretary for health and quality, safety,  and value at the department. It is no secret that VHA and healthcare  systems of providers nationally are going through a challenging time.   VA is continuing to battle the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, with  veterans' cases, hospitalizations and death on the rise again. And VA  staff are dealing with burnout and increasing turnover in our VA  system.   So I am going to tell you, if the people of this body want to help-- want to help veterans, holding this nominee is not the way to help  veterans. And I will tell you what, they are actually doing a  disservice to veterans and their families by playing political games  and preventing permanent healthcare leadership at the VA, which is so  critically important.   In the past, this body has been able to rise above politics to  install qualified individuals at the VA, responsible for getting vets  the healthcare and the benefits that they not only need but they have  earned. And today, we must do that again.   We must act without delay to confirm Dr. Elnahal as VA's next  undersecretary for health.   So with that, I would ask unanimous consent that notwithstanding rule  22, the Senate consider the following nomination: Calendar No. 902,  Shereef M. Elnahal, to be undersecretary for health of the Department  of Veterans' Affairs; that the Senate vote on the nomination without  intervening action or debate, the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table, that any statements related to the  nomination be printed in the record.    Madam President, this individual--through the Chair--has  been President and CEO of University Hospital in Newark, NJ. He has  been New Jersey's 21st health commissioner. Why do you think--Senator  from Florida, through the Chair, why do you think that makes him  unqualified? Would the Senator from Florida like to respond?    What is that? I couldn't hear you.    So we had a hearing on Mr. Elnahal. If my memory serves  me correct, he went out by voice, because he was so very, very good.   I would really appreciate it if the Senator from Florida would at  least stay here rather than turn his back on the veterans of America  and walk out the door, turning his back on the American veterans, the  people who have served this country, the people who have fought. We are  coming up to Memorial Day. I hope that the Senator from Florida doesn't  walk into Memorial Day services and talk about what a  [[Page S2687]]  great friend he is of our veterans because he is not.   All I am asking for is to give the VA the tools they need to be able  to provide our veterans with the healthcare they have earned.   This isn't the first time I have been on the floor for a unanimous  consent request with the Senator from Florida. But this is an excuse  that doesn't hold water. I didn't see the Senator from Florida at the  committee hearing. Even though he is not a member of the VA Committee,  if he was so concerned about this person, why wasn't he at the  committee hearing to hear the responses that Dr. Elnahal gave?   I am going to tell you what this is. With all due respect to the  Senator from Florida, this is obstruction at the worst because this  obstruction stops our veterans from getting the healthcare they need.   You want to talk about why the American people think the U.S. Senate  is dysfunctional? The Senator from Florida could look in the mirror.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   