 Madam Speaker, I really appreciate the gentleman from  Indiana (Mr. Banks), the chairman of the Republican Study Committee. I  thank him so much for having this very important Special Order.   Madam Speaker, this week marks 1 year since Joe Biden became  President, and what a lawless year this has been. Never in my entire  life would I have dreamed that we would have a President who  prioritizes criminals and illegal aliens over law-abiding American  citizens. But here we are.   The reckless policies coming out of this White House and the  Democratic Party as a whole have put you and your families in grave  danger.   It is not hard to see where the left's demonization of law  enforcement and the decision to gut police department funding has  gotten us. Thanks to the Democrats, we are now in the midst of a crime  wave with record-high homicide rates in more than a dozen major cities  across this great country of ours. The city of Chicago alone saw at  least 800 homicides in 2021, a number that we haven't seen in decades.  Bad policies lead to bad consequences. And folks, we are living these  in technicolor.   More than 100 of our brave police officers were shot in ambush-style  attacks last year. Meanwhile, we have seen violent criminals released  into our neighborhoods to commit more violent crimes.   It is happening in my own district in Houston, Texas, in the 36th  Congressional District, which had its deadliest year in nearly 40  years. In Harris County, 113 criminals were granted bond after capital  murder charges in 2021. Yes, you heard that right: capital murder  charges.   Numerous Harris County citizens have been murdered by repeat  criminals out on bail, murders which, tragically, could have been  avoided. Innocent Americans are being hurt and killed by this foolhardy  Democrat policy. But accountability starts at the top. Will this crime  wave be just another crisis to go unresolved in 2022, or will this  President and his party come back to reality and work with us to stop  it?   America is watching.   