 Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend from Pennsylvania  for his leadership and for his support of this commonsense legislation.   Madam Speaker, I do rise to oppose the previous question so that we  may immediately consider my bill, H.R. 6592, the Immigration  Transparency and Transit Notification Act, which would provide much- needed transparency for the secret immigration flights sent by the  Biden administration to my hometown and to communities across,  primarily, rural America.   Thanks to their open border policies, the Biden administration has  been sending hundreds of flights full of illegal immigrants into  American communities, often in the dead of night. Over the last year- and-a-half, these flights have been landing in towns across America,  placing thousands of illegal immigrants into communities with no prior  notice, yet no one has flinched, no mainstream media attention, no  outrage from the podium at the White House or Democrats in this House.   Now that Chicago, Washington, D.C., and Martha's Vineyard have  received flights, now it has become a seemingly national crisis.   Remember, the Biden administration was flying thousands of these  illegals secretly to middle America for well over a year now, and no  one has batted an eye.   Sanctuary cities and States offering benefits to illegal immigrants  and the open border rhetoric from the Biden administration continue to  induce illegal immigration and likely violates Title 8 of the U.S.  Code.   Republicans have endlessly called on the Biden administration and my  colleagues in this House, Democrat colleagues, to secure our border and  ultimately put an end to this practice of airdropping illegal  immigrants into American communities. This should not be a partisan  issue.   I became aware of these flights in my area only from local  whistleblowers at our local airport. I engaged in good faith with DHS  and HHS and was met with nothing but nontruths and empty promises. We  were first told no illegals were being flown into Pennsylvania. This,  of course, turned out to be completely untrue. I saw it with my own  eyes.   I was also told that it was just a coincidence these flights were  coming in at 2 o'clock in the morning into remote rural airports. One  flight was around midnight on Christmas night.   After these meetings, I was told that I would receive notification of  future flights. No such notifications were ever received, yet the  flights continued.   At this point, I introduced this responsible piece of legislation to  bring transparency, accountability, and decency, and local help and  support to the situation.   The current situation at our border is not humane. Millions of  illegals are enduring a treacherous journey, as we all know, facing  perilous conditions, assault, rape, and death, all because the Biden  administration's words and actions, and that of the cartels certainly,  that we allow to exist, have led them to believe that they can come.   This is not humane, Madam Speaker. Nothing about the Biden  administration's border policy is. When such illegals arrive on ghost  flights, as mentioned, in these communities, no one on the ground has  any idea where they are coming from or where they are going.   In addition to all of this, we have deadly drugs like fentanyl  pouring across the border, killing over 100,000 Americans just in the  past year.   The cartels are getting rich as migrants are giving away their life  savings under the pretense set out by the Biden administration that  they are welcomed here. The illegals are not to blame for making this  journey. It is the cartels and the Biden administration's encouraging  them who are to blame. The false message is out: Show up to our border  and all will be fine.    As a result, our border is overrun and border communities and others  across the country--yes, even now Martha's Vineyard--are now feeling  the effects of this. It needs to stop.   Of course, if our southern border is secured, there would be no need  for  [[Page H8026]]  such ghost flights to take place. Effective border policy should be  fully implemented. Catch and release must end. Our border must be  secured.   Until these policies change and our border is secured, I offer this  legislation to bring accountability and transparency to these flights  and ensure American communities are properly informed, ensure that the  sponsor is legitimate and verified and safe, that we are not aiding and  abetting human trafficking, and we give the State's Governor the  authority to approve flights and determine if they have the means to  provide the support necessary.   The schools should also be notified, Madam Speaker. How is it when 10  young children here illegally, who do not speak English, show up at a  school district on a Monday morning, without notification? It is wrong.  It is a terrible shame that it took flights to liberal enclaves like  New York, Chicago, D.C., and Martha's Vineyard for this to be taken  seriously and receive the attention that it finally deserves.    Madam Speaker, our border must be secured. I think I am  making my point.   Until then, this bill will bring order and transparency to this  practice. I hope my Democrat colleagues are truly outraged by some of  these practices, as I have outlined. I urge them to join me in  defeating the previous question in support of my bill. In doing so, we  will address the reality that so many communities across America have  been facing for nearly 2 years. Let's act responsibly.   