 Mr. Speaker, I am so happy that the gentlewoman from  Colorado organized this effort tonight. We need to be speaking about  it, and of course, I would call on our friends from this side of the  aisle.   It is interesting that we are standing on this side of the aisle. I  mean, thank goodness somebody is willing to stand over here and defend  the country.   Mr. Speaker, I call on my Democrat colleagues to start answering some  questions and start defending their country from this invasion.   But if the gentleman doesn't know this, if you do a quick  calculation--this isn't Congressman Perry, Congresswoman Boebert,  Congressman Roy, any of us up here. This is DHS. The Department of  Homeland Security is bracing for 18,000 crossings a day, 18,000 people  coming across the border illegally each day.   Now, I don't know, for each one of you, the size of your town where  you come from, but I suspect 18,000 in any town would make a pretty big  dent unless you are talking about one of the major cities like Los  Angeles or something like that.   Even so, 18,000 a day, Mr. Speaker, that is over 6\1/2\ million  people, if we keep that rate up, 6\1/2\ million people in 1 year  illegally coming to our country.   Congressman Norman or Congresswoman Boebert, could your business  sustain something like that?    Mr. Speaker, my final thoughts are that there are  Democrats that are decrying this. We can do something about it, and  they can do something about it right here in this House. They can walk  right down there to the well and sign this discharge petition. We don't  need all of them; we need eight of them.   Bring the bill up. If they don't believe we ought to continue to try  and secure our border with title 42, they can vote against it, but let  us have a vote.   We are just asking for a vote. Let's see what the vote count is, and  then the American people will know who stands with them and who stands  for a wide-open border because that is what we are going to have. Think  about that.   To the gentlewoman from Colorado (Mrs. Boebert), we certainly  appreciate her putting this together for us and providing the  opportunity to come and talk on behalf of our constituents that are  very concerned about this.   