 Madam Speaker, I thank our ranking member, Mr. Lucas, for  yielding me time and for his continued leadership on the Science, Space  and Technology Committee.   Madam Speaker, H.R. 7289, the Federal PFAS Research Evaluation Act,  is a bipartisan bill that offers both reasonable and pragmatic action  on PFAS. I was proud to introduce it with the gentlewoman from Texas  (Mrs. Fletcher), my colleague and friend.   PFAS chemicals, also known as per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances,  can be found in nonstick pans, firefighting foam, food packaging,  medical devices, and many other everyday products.   There are hundreds of PFAS compounds, and the makeup of these forever  chemicals makes them difficult to break down in nature. But given the  sheer number of compounds and the complexity of each, there is much we  still do not know about the chemicals, including where they might have  been used.   In my home State of Michigan, it is estimated there could be as many  as 11,300 potential sites where PFAS may have been used.   The response to PFAS requires a balanced approach, and I do not  believe we should have to pick between encouraging economic growth or  protecting human health and the environment.   We need to ensure that any potential regulation is based on strong  and science-based evidence, and that is where H.R. 7289 will play a  critical role. With this bill, we will learn more about both the human  health and environmental effects of PFAS. The bill includes the health  effects related to exposure and toxicity of PFAS, as well as the  effects of PFAS on the environment, including the extent of PFAS  contamination, treatment, but also alternatives.   The studies that the bill authorizes will be conducted by our leading  National Academies, widely regarded as the most prestigious and  accurate institutions for objective scientific evidence.   Once completed, these studies will provide us with a clearer picture  of Federal research related to PFAS, and we will be able to better  understand both the extent of problems and where the Federal research  enterprise can best assist in seeking solutions. With such information,  we can take meaningful steps toward eliminating PFAS contamination  because we will know exactly how and where it exists in our world  today.   The first step toward solving any problem is understanding exactly  what you are facing. H.R. 7289 offers this commonsense solution to  support PFAS research, our understanding of contamination, and how the  chemicals behave.   Again, I thank my colleague on the Science, Space and Technology  Committee, Representative Lizzie Fletcher, for introducing this  legislation and working with me to amend it in a bipartisan manner  before coming to the floor.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important piece  of legislation.   