 Madam Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to urge support for my amendment that  will take an important step toward restoring congressional war powers.  This amendment will bring our unauthorized military presence in Syria  to a long overdue debate in Congress so we can ultimately do our  constitutional duty to vote to authorize or reject military action.   Members on both sides of the aisle have long recognized the  Constitution and the War Powers Act of 1973 grant Congress the  exclusive power to send our servicemen and -women into war.   Members of Congress are duly elected by their districts to represent  them in Washington to vote and decide on legislation and determine how  the U.S. uses the power of the purse and sword. Unfortunately,  unauthorized military presence undercuts this role. A Member of  Congress should never learn about an air strike from the news. This is  why the American people must decide when and where we use our military  might, and that decision is made through their congressional  Representatives.   Ensuring that Congress continues to authorize military activity is  not only about guardrailing good democracy, it is also about fiscal  responsibility and integrity. Washington is known for military  contractors lobbying for endless wars to ensure endless profits, even  when our lowest paid servicemembers have to rely on food pantries to  feed themselves and their families. That is a policy choice, and our  bloated Pentagon budget compared to our investments in schools,  healthcare, and jobs at home is a policy choice. Our military footprint  extends across dozens of countries far from public scrutiny and  accountability.   My bipartisan amendment, which I am honored to be joined by  Representatives Khanna, DeFazio, Schakowsky, Blumenauer, Lofgren, Bush,  Jones, and Cammack in offering, is a fundamental next step toward  breaking that cycle.   This is a question of war and peace that should be debated and  answered with a recorded vote in Congress.   This amendment does not take a position on substantive Syria policy  questions. It merely requires this body to follow the Constitution,  hold a debate, and vote to authorize military action. I hope that my  colleagues will  [[Page H6449]]  agree our troops and the American people deserve to see this body hold  that debate and then cast their vote.   Under the last administration, former President Trump made it clear  that U.S. military troops in Syria were there to secure the oil, but  explicit authorization from Congress was never obtained for that  purpose.   I disagree with claims that the 2001 AUMF, which was about responding  to the September 11 attacks, authorized our troops to engage in  hostilities against these forces which nobody argues had anything to do  with those attacks or to guard oil fields.   My colleagues who believe that the President does not need specific  authorization to deploy U.S. military forces to seize Syria's oil in an  unconstitutional war should just admit that to their constituents. They  don't care about the duty of Congress, the Constitution, or the War  Powers Act; and they certainly don't care that our military budget is  even larger than our domestic budget.   I agree with President Biden who has called for a new era of  relentless diplomacy and that U.S. military power must be our tool of  last resort, not our first, and should not be used as an answer to  every problem we see around the world.   One step in the right direction would be to restore war powers, which  is the solution put forth in this amendment.   I honor and respect the incredible sacrifices made by our Kurdish  allies. Nothing in this amendment supports abandoning the Kurdish  people, nor do I personally support that. Let me be clear: this is  simply a vote to restore the power of Congress in authorizing military  presence in Syria. The current unauthorized U.S. military presence of  indefinite duration means that the U.S. may pull troops with little  warning and with little regard for what will happen once the troops are  gone without a gradual release. Let's learn from the horrors in  Afghanistan.   I want to have a transparent and vigorous debate in front of the  American people on the role of the U.S. military in Syria. When we have  that debate and vote, it may be that this body authorizes support for  such a military action to support the Kurdish people.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   