 I ask unanimous consent that Senators Blunt, Blackburn,  and I be permitted to speak for up to 5 minutes each prior to the  scheduled vote.    Madam President, I am here today to discuss the crisis  at the border. Unfortunately, it is not getting any better. In fact, it  is getting worse by any measurement. The flow of illegal drugs and  illegal migration continues to surge.   As the lead Republican on the Homeland Security and Governmental  Affairs Committee, I recently traveled to the U.S.-Mexican border in  Nogales, AZ, just south of Tucson, to learn firsthand from Border  Patrol and Customs officials and Border Patrol agents who are on duty  24-7 trying to protect our Nation from illicit narcotics, unlawful  immigration, and terrorism.   It was my third trip to the border in the last year, and, like other  trips, what I saw was alarming. Officials at the port of entry told me  about the increasing and more sophisticated efforts to smuggle illegal  and deadly drugs into the United States. They showed me some of the x  rays that have been taken of some of the vehicles where the smugglers  are cleverly hiding these illicit narcotics into compartments.    By the way, this is deadly stuff. This is mostly now the illicit drug  called fentanyl, which is a synthetic form of opioid that, according to  the Centers for Disease Control, is probably killing two-thirds of the  people who are dying from overdoses. The number of overdose deaths in  this country is at record levels. During the year of 2021, we believe  it is going to exceed 100,000 individuals--record levels.   So why aren't we scanning more of these vehicles for drugs and other  contraband? The best numbers we have are that, currently, less than 2  percent of the passenger vehicles and less than 20 percent of the  commercial vehicles coming into the United States are scanned for  illegal drugs like this deadly fentanyl we talk about.   That is just unacceptable. A smuggler with multiple pounds of  fentanyl concealed in hidden compartments needs to know that there is  no chance of getting across our border without some kind of search. It  is not just a gap in our security; it is a gaping hole in our security,  and it is resulting in lives being lost in my home State of Ohio, where  we have a big issue with opioids, and also all across America. In a  sense, every State is a border State now.   Last year, Customs and Border Protection seized nearly 10,000 pounds  of deadly fentanyl. That is a 40-percent increase from 2020. But, as  officers on the line told me when I was down there recently, most of it  is getting through.   A year ago, Congress mandated that the Department of Homeland  Security give us a plan and a strategy to scan all vehicles at the  ports of entry for deadly narcotics such as fentanyl. Unfortunately,  even with this crisis that demands these new approaches, the Biden  administration has failed to deliver this report, which was due more  than 6 months ago. Let's get that report done. Whether it is crystal  meth or cocaine or whether it is fentanyl--sometimes pressed into pills  to make it look like something else--it is flowing across the southern  border. Let's have a plan to stop this.   We also face challenges between the ports of entry. In Nogales, the  Border Patrol agent in charge rode with me to look at the border. What  he described was an overwhelming, recordbreaking number of unlawful  migrants and a recordbreaking number of drugs like fentanyl and these  other drugs coming into the United States. He talked about the urgent  need for more Border Patrol agents to be able to cover the border; new  vehicles--vehicle maintenance is a huge issue for Border Patrol right  now; and technology, particularly cameras and sensors.   There is a lot of discussion here always about the wall, but what is  really important about a fence or a wall is the technology that goes  along with it. When the Biden administration came in and they stopped  construction of the wall, what they really did was they stopped the  technology.   In the El Paso Sector where I have been, as an example, only about 10  percent of the technology had been completed for the fence that was  being erected there. So they stopped building the fence--and you can  see all the metal on the ground, which is very demoralizing for the  Border Patrol because they have to fill the gaps 24-7 or figure out  other ways to stop people--but most importantly, only 10 percent of the  technology had been done, and they cut off all of that. We have already  paid for it, by the way. Taxpayers have paid for all of that.   My thinking is, Democrats and Republicans alike talk about the need  for technology--this is, again, monitors of some kind; there are  various kinds out there that are very effective--cameras, and the  ability to respond quickly.   I toured the border area that had huge gaps in the fencing, too,  which I don't get. Why would you want to spend all this money to build  the border barriers and then leave the gaps in the middle? I saw broken  areas of fencing that need repairs. I saw the need for new fencing in  some areas.   I walked up to one large gap only several miles from the city of  Nogales. There is 15- to 20-foot fencing on either side of this gap,  and then there is about 40 feet with just a four-strand barbed wire  fence to keep cattle from coming into the United States and vice versa.  So that is where human smugglers go. They know about these gaps.   I saw lots of evidence of foot traffic, lots of plastic bottles and  plastic bags discarded in the area from migrants who crossed right  there.   Leaving these gaps is one of the reasons we face a crisis.   We just learned in December that the Border Patrol apprehended more  than 170,000 unlawful migrants in December. That is the highest number  ever in December. And the Biden people say: Well, this is seasonal so  it will stop in December and January because it is colder and people  aren't going to go or when it is really hot in July and August. That  has not happened.   For the first time ever, we see a continual flow of people. It is not  slowing down at all. These dramatic increases in unlawful entries and  illegal drugs in the last year are clearly due to the policy changes,  again, that were put in place on day 1 of the Biden administration--not  just fewer deportations and a more lax approach to immigration  generally but a specific issue of stopping the installation of this  technology and fencing.   Also, they made a major change immediately with regard to asylum  policy. So now people know if they claim asylum, they will be released  in the United States pending a court date, which, on average, is going  to be 5 or 6 years away. They say the backlog is at least 1.3 million  people now--the backlog.   Now, is there any wonder that when people come to my home State of  Ohio or go to my colleague's State in Missouri or go to Nevada, with 5  or 6 years ahead of them, that it is sometimes not possible to find  them when the court date comes up, and that is happening, obviously,  increasingly.   So we need a policy that just makes sense, that doesn't tell the  smugglers, hey, if you get somebody in the United States, you can tell  them that they can get in; they can work; they can get their kids in  school. And that is what the smugglers do to people all over the world.  It is not just Central America. In fact, there are more people coming  from Ecuador now than there are from Honduras. I am told in the last  week there were five Syrians who were apprehended coming across the  border.   It is a lot of people from around the world who are being told by  these smugglers who are exploiting them and their families, hey, just  come on with me, and we can get you in. Pay me 10,000 bucks or whatever  it is. That is one reason we have right now this pull factor because of  a policy issue we have got to address.   The administration also chose to end the ``Remain in Mexico'' policy,  which says to people, hey, you can come and apply for asylum, but you  have got to  [[Page S475]]  wait over in Mexico until we adjudicate this. That discouraged a lot of  people. A lot of folks went home because they were trying, obviously,  to come to the United States, but that policy was ended.   But, generally speaking, the right policy is adjudicate these cases  immediately. Let people know, we don't want to have a 1.3 million  backlog of people in the United States, 5 or 6 years waiting for a  court case. It just doesn't make sense.   Anyway, with these policy changes since the President's inauguration,  the southern border has faced the worst unlawful migration crisis in  decades and the worst drug crisis ever. To help the Border Patrol do  their job, we are working on bipartisan legislation to increase the  number of agents, address retention challenges of the existing  workforce, and respond faster to these humanitarian crises that come up  by doing things like having a Border Patrol reserve that can respond to  surges.   I am always impressed with the men and women of Customs and Border  Protection and the Border Patrol that I meet on my trips. They have  tough jobs right now--really tough jobs. A lot of them are overworked.  A lot of them are being pressed into doing processing and other things  that they weren't hired to do or trained to do. It is tough. And we are  making it even tougher with policies that we are putting out here in  Washington.   The ongoing crisis is clear and persistent, no longer seasonal. I  urge the Biden administration to change course, stop the policies that  send the green light to these human smugglers to be able to exploit  migrants and families from all over this hemisphere and elsewhere now  and stop giving a green light to the drug traffickers. Instead, provide  Congress with a plan to deter illegal immigration, to detect and deny  deadly drugs from crossing our border. America's national security  depends on it. American lives depend on it.   I yield the floor.   