 Madam Speaker, Guam would like to begin by thanking  the committee chairman for his leadership on this measure, as well as  the ranking member, the gentleman from Arkansas, for the unanimous  support of the committee for this legislation, H.R. 2899, and the  majority leader for us being able to bring this measure to the floor  today.   Madam Speaker, this bill would authorize the National Park Service to  conduct a study throughout the territory of Guam to identify sites that  will be eligible for designation as national heritage areas.   The first such designation occurred in 1984, signed into law by  President Ronald Reagan. Since that time, 54 other sites throughout the  country have been so designated as national heritage areas, enjoying  the rightful support of this Federal Government to preserve, promote,  and enhance the significance of these sites in the fabric of America.   Madam Speaker, Guam, in relation to our capital, is our westernmost  territory, situated closer to Asia than America. Our island possesses  one of the largest contiguous coral reefs in the country; a deep  history that includes sites of Imperial Japanese occupation,  devastation, and decimation during World War II; over 300 years of  Spanish colonization and subjugation; 124 years as a U.S. possession;  and 3,000 years of present-day indigenous history carried on by the  indigenous CHamoru people, who this month recognized CHamoru culture  and history month with Mes CHamoru.   Guam holds stories of resiliency, loyalty, triumph over struggle, and  the struggle that is our present-day unreconciled relationship with  these United States. It is the birthplace of patriots who gave their  lives for this country; veterans who proudly served; and Americans  through and through, who patiently yet persistently seek full inclusion  in this great Nation.   This legislation is but one of many steps we must take to fully  acknowledge the fabric of the territory of Guam and all territories in  the tapestry that is American democracy.   Our national heritage is not contiguous to a single landmass, nor is  it homogeneous to any single people. It is, in fact, everything and  everyone we are today and the confluence of circumstances that have  brought us to this day.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues throughout this Congress to join  our colleagues on the committee to secure unanimous passage of H.R.  2899 as symbolic of the unanimity of this great Nation, the United  States, Tribes, and territories of America.   