 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I am on the floor today to talk about  the nomination of Ambassador Julieta Valls Noyes, to serve as Assistant  Secretary of State for the Bureau of Population, Refugees, and  Migration.   Originally nominated last July, Ambassador Noyes' nomination was  reported favorably out of the Foreign Relations Committee in October.   Since then, she has waited in limbo for all of us to act. Ambassador  Noyes has a distinguished 35-year career with the State Department,  serving in important and challenging roles, many of those roles tied  directly to the work she would be doing at the Bureau of Population,  Refugees, and Migration, often referred to as PRM.   As Ambassador to Croatia, she presided over the final stages of a  refugee resettlement program after the Balkan wars, while hosting  regional conferences and trainings for prosecutors, police, and judges  on refugee-related issues.   As Deputy Assistant Secretary in the Bureau of European and Eurasian  Affairs, Ambassador Noyes oversaw the  [[Page S749]]  nations with 11 Western European countries and the European Union, some  of our country's most critical partners.   From 2005 to 2007, Ambassador Noyes was Director of Multilateral and  Global Affairs in the Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor,  where she ran international negotiations on human rights--both at the  United Nations in New York and in Geneva.   In that capacity, she also held consultations with the European  Union, with the African Union, with other partners. And she was a  member of high-level delegations that presented periodic reports to the  United Nations on U.S. compliance with major international human rights  treaties.   She has been recognized as a strong manager. She has overseen large  teams. She has administered huge budgets.   In addition to all of this, she is the daughter of Cuban refugees who  directly benefited from the work of the Bureau of Population, Refugees,  and Migration, so she has a personal connection to the importance of  the Bureau's work.   When you think about that list of qualifications, she is really the  ideal person to lead PRM. What is the rush, some may ask. PRM hasn't  had a confirmed Assistant Secretary since the days of the Obama  administration.   Well, all the more reason that it should have one now. It shouldn't  be a rudderless organization when addressing so many important issues  for our Nation.   PRM has a major role in human rights and humanitarian efforts rights  abroad as well as providing aid to refugees here at home.   PRM is responsible for directing more than $3 billion in lifesaving  humanitarian aid around the world to more than 84 million forcibly  displaced people. Eighty percent of those are women and children. So if  you care about the plight of women and children around the world, you  want to have an experienced leader making sure those dollars are  efficiently allocated to the best effect.   PRM leads the rebuilding of the U.S. refugee assistance program. PRM  works with other governments to promote regional migration resolutions.  PRM advances international population policies that save mothers and  babies and prevent gender-based violence around the world.   PRM leads diplomatic efforts for international burden sharing to  better reduce suffering and to be more effective in saving lives.   And PRM is a critical part of our national security infrastructure,  vetting those who come into our country, ensuring they don't pose a  risk to our safety and security.   The Bureau is doing all this, but they are doing it without a leader  to make sure they do it in the most effective, professional, competent  fashion.   The Bureau is doing critical work every day to address these  challenges, and those challenges are growing as more and more countries  are disrupted by war and by famine and by corruption.   So this Bureau deserves to have someone leading those efforts who has  the type of background that the Ambassador has. All of us who want to  see these programs administered effectively have a stake in having  competent leadership in place.   Thus, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate consider the following  nomination, Calendar No. 462, Julieta Valls Noyes, to be an Assistant  Secretary of State; that the nomination be confirmed, the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate; that no further motions be in order to  the nomination; that any related statements be printed in the Record  and that the President be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Mr. President, I would love for us to have a full,  ordinary process here on the floor and to have all of us on both sides  of the aisle support that process.   I come to the floor to ask for this unanimous consent because that  process has been frustrated, and we now have been without a leader for  this entire administration.   My colleague made a point about Afghanistan, and he said we need to  know how many Americans are in Afghanistan. If you want better action  on the issue of Americans as refugees abroad or stranded abroad, then  you want to have a responsible leader, an accountable leader, heading  up the Bureau of Population, Migration, and Refugees.   So let's do our job here in this Chamber because when we fail to  enable such a critical organization, responsible for billions of  dollars around the world being provided to millions of people,  responsible for the vetting of people coming into our country, when we  fail to do our job to put somebody in charge, we are only wounding  ourselves.   This is exactly the type of partisan paralysis and destruction that  is damaging our Nation. We need to get this confirmation completed.   