 Mr. President, Ukraine's struggle against Russia's  invasion has reminded Americans that, sometimes, the world divides into  good and evil and into heroes and villains. Not always. There are many  fights that are not like that, and we just stupidly talk like it.  Debates about marginal tax policy are not good versus evil or heroes  versus villains; but, sometimes, fights are heroes versus villains.   Heroes are men and women who love their country and who love their  freedom and who want to pass along freedom to the next generation, but  they are also people who believe in freedom more broadly. Heroes are  people who believe that we were created in the image of God and that  everyone has unalienable rights: the rights to life, liberty, speech,  religion, assembly, protest. These are pre-governmental rights.  Governments don't give us these rights; we are endowed with these  rights by nature and nature's Creator. Heroes recognize this not only  about themselves and their own countrymen and -women but about  everybody. Zelenskyy is such a hero.   The villains are tyrants. They are people who want to oppress others,  who want to hold them down. They want to take freedom from their  countrymen but also from their neighbors. They are people who seek  power at the expense of the weak. Putin is such a villain.   But there is another villain in this drama, a villain who isn't  getting nearly enough attention, and he is Chairman Xi, the dictator in  China. His Chinese Communist Party has enabled him to do all sorts of  oppressive things against men and women in his country. We know what is  happening in Xinjiang--there is actually a genocide happening against  the Uighurs in our time--but Xi is doing more than just oppressing  people at home.   A hundred years from now, when the history of the Russian invasion of  Ukraine is written, assuming that it isn't written as Chinese  propaganda, I am confident that the public will have a much clearer  understanding of the way that Xi and Putin have worked together and  have worked together closely. We can't talk here about everything we  know in the Intelligence Committee, but I am confident that, when the  history is written, the American people and the people of the world  will see Xi and Putin as having worked hand in hand, side by side.   Americans should understand this today: Chairman Xi is not  indifferent about Ukraine. He is on Putin's side, and he has supported  Putin's unprovoked war.   The situation in Ukraine reminds us of a pretty good rule for 21st  century foreign policy, and it is this: The Chinese Communist Party is  almost always on the wrong side of freedom and human dignity.   The CCP and the United States are in the middle of a global conflict  of visions. It is important for us in this Chamber not to say ``the  United States and China'' as if we mean 330 million Americans and 1.4  billion Chinese are locked in a battle; but the U.S. vision, the  American idea, is in conflict with the vision of the Chinese Communist  Party and the ways that they want to oppress not just their neighbors  but their own citizens. The CCP and the U.S. are locked in a global  conflict of visions, and that is true whether DC politicians want to  admit it every day or not, and sometimes it seems convenient for folks  not to admit it.   It is the free peoples of the world--NATO allies, Ukrainians, and  other freedom lovers--who are fighting against a handful of  totalitarian regimes--chiefly, Putin's Russia and Xi's Chinese  Communist Party. These are the folks who are terrorizing not just their  own people but their neighbors. This contest is a contest between  liberty and tyranny. Not every fight is, but this one is; and you had  damned well better believe that the tyrants are working together  strategically and intentionally to undermine freedom.   So let's back up to February 4.   The Winter Olympics had just begun, and Vladimir Putin was in China  to visit Chairman Xi. Together, they released what they called a  ``joint statement'' announcing a new partnership with ``no limits.''  The Xi-Putin statement said there would be no limits in their  partnership against the United States. They promised that they would  work together to promote each other's economic and national security  interests even as Putin was amassing forces on the border of Ukraine  and preparing for his invasion. Xi was not unaware of what Putin was  planning when he released and signed the ``no limits'' statement.   Here is why this is strange: Historically, Russia and China have not  been friends. For centuries, these two countries have clashed with one  another. During the Cold War, not even shared communist ideology could  unite China and Russia for very long. The CCP studied the collapse of  the Soviet Union to learn how to keep a communist regime afloat, and  they have been very adept at using new technologies not to advance  human freedom but to squash human freedom. Now, though, the historic  rivals have found something they have in common. Both Putin and Xi hate  the United States and hate, most fundamentally, our ideas of the  dignity of every individual having been created in the image of God.   Let's do a little geography.   Russia and China share nearly 3,000 miles of common border. Russia is  a giant. It has 11 time zones. Think about that. If you look at your  globe of the world and spin it all the way around, you will get 24 time  zones. Russia spans 11 of them. Russia is about 11 percent of the area  of land on Earth. There are 5 countries that have about 6 percent:  China is one; the U.S. is one; Canada is one--and India. So Russia has  11 percent, and 5 countries have about 6 percent. No other country has  more than about 2 percent of the land mass of Earth.   The Russian-Chinese border has historically been complicated because  they haven't gotten along, but as he planned to launch his wicked  invasion of Ukraine, Putin needed to move troops and materiel all the  way from the border with China in the East back into Europe in the  West. And he couldn't do that--he couldn't leave this giant border  unguarded--unless Chairman Xi said: We don't have any problems right  now. And that is exactly what happened. Xi agreed that he would be on  the same page with Putin as Putin took all of his troops and all of his  materiel back from this historically contested border to use against  the free people of Ukraine.   From the beginning of this crisis, Chairman Xi has been in lockstep  with Putin. The New York Times writes in some impressive reporting that  Xi even asked Putin to delay the invasion until after the Olympics  ended, which Putin ultimately did.   One of the biggest ways China has supported Russia through all of  this is by amplifying Russian lies and propaganda about the war.  Chinese Communist Party propagandists, such as Wang Yi, have done  everything from blaming the United States and NATO for the war to  playing up Russia's unrealistic security demands, to echoing lies about  Ukrainian biolabs.   Xi's henchmen and CCP-controlled state media have always been there  to amplify Putin's falsehoods. Some of the stuff Putin is saying at  home is laughably absurd even to the hosts of state TV, who are paid to  read these scripts. Yet Xi has been willing to take all of it,  translate it into Mandarin, and pump it into China to make sure the  people in China don't have an accurate understanding of what is  happening between Russia and Ukraine. The CCP's state media have been  trying to tell the world repeated untrue stories about Russia, and they  now cover up the atrocities and horrors that have been committed by  Russian troops against Ukrainian civilians.   The propagandizing is obviously despicable, but the diplomatic  support the CCP is providing Russia is even more dangerous. Through the  COVID pandemic, we saw how China tried to manipulate international  organizations like the WHO to promote their own narrative and to bully  other countries. During the invasion of Ukraine, they have done the  same thing on behalf of Putin.  [[Page S2303]]    The Chinese foreign ministry has participated in the consistent  spreading of lies about the war through and to other international  organizations.   At the U.N., Chinese diplomats have worked tirelessly to provide  cover for Russian crimes and to enable Putin's invasion. They have  spurned the pleas of Ukraine and other European countries to try to  help restore the peace.   And just a couple of weeks ago, China's vice minister met with the  Russian Ambassador to announce the regimes will ``continue to  strengthen strategic coordination with Russia.'' Statements like these  have become characteristic of the twisted friendship that has developed  between these two aggressor nations and what they call their ``no- limits friendship.''   China has also attempted to bail out Russia and to save their economy  from the crippling sanctions that we and our allies have imposed since  the beginning of this invasion. As soon as the sanctions were imposed,  Chinese banks were looking for work-arounds so they could keep doing  business with Russia, partly for their own interests but largely to  help stabilize and subsidize Russia.   Russian banks issued Chinese UnionPay cards, after Visa and  Mastercard pulled out of the country, and ordered Chinese currency  savings accounts. China was already in the currency manipulation  business, but since February, they have been using their talents not  just to prop up their own currency but also to keep the ruble from  flaming out. And while other free countries have begun shunning  Russia's energy sector, China's state-owned energy companies have  continued to conduct what they call ``normal trading cooperation'' with  Russia, looking for ways to expand and eat up more of the Russian  supply.   But China hasn't only been supporting Putin indirectly. Chairman Xi  has also aided Putin's invasion of Ukraine directly. The Times of  London reported at the beginning of April that China launched a massive  cyber attack on Kyiv mere days before Putin invaded. Think about that.  The Chinese Government was involved in a cyber attack against free  Ukraine to help Russia.   As the Russian army has struggled, Putin has asked Xi for direct  military assistance, and Xi is reportedly deliberating about how he can  do more, hoping the international community won't notice. We should  notice. We should amplify what Xi is doing. He is aiding and abetting  Russia's war crimes against civilians.   Here is the fact: Putin and Xi are tied at the hip. China regularly  claims that it stands for the principles of state sovereignty,  territorial integrity, and noninterference in domestic affairs. Yet  China has supported and provided diplomatic cover for Russia's illegal,  immoral, and unprovoked war against Ukraine every step of the way. Now  there is the chance that Team Zelenskyy could win, and so what has Xi  done in response? He has decided to convene meetings to figure out how  he can amp up support for Putin.   We should be asking ourselves: Why is Chairman Xi so supportive of  this invasion? Part of the reason is because Vladimir Putin is running  a scout team offense for Chairman Xi's eventual planned invasion of  Taiwan. Xi wants to learn everything he can about how democracies and  free peoples will respond and how democracies defend themselves so that  he can try to develop strategies to beat us and to beat our allies.   Xi also wants Putin to win because he thinks this will demoralize  Taiwan and the rest of the free world. He wants to be able to tell a  story where the age of America, where the age of freedom is over. Xi  wants to plunge the globe into a new dark age--an age of surveillance  state totalitarianism. And step one at this moment is destroying the  friends of Ukraine.   We shouldn't deceive ourselves. What we are seeing in Ukraine is a  contest between freedom and tyranny. It is not in our national interest  to see the tyrants triumph. We need to show the world that the forces  arrayed by Putin and Xi cannot defeat the bravery of men and women who  want to live free and who believe in freedom.   Zelenskyy and Ukraine's heroes have a chance to smash the new Russia- China axis, but they need our support. Standing up to Putin and helping  Ukraine is important for its own sake, but it is also important because  this is the opening skirmish in a larger confrontation between tyranny  and liberty, between Chinese communists and the American idea.   Will the United States continue to lead the world toward peace and  freedom, or will tyrant Xi and his CCP have the chance to impose their  totalitarianism on weaker countries around the Pacific?   Today in Ukraine, it is easy to see the line between good and evil,  and that is why it is time for us to step up, to help Ukraine, but also  to tell the world who Chairman Xi is, what he believes, what he has  done on Putin's behalf, and why he is on Putin's side.   