 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6089, the Stop  Iranian Drones Act, and to speak favorably about all of the important  legislation the House is moving today to address Russia's illegal  invasion of Ukraine.   The Stop Iranian Drones Act codifies crucial language that ensures we  can impose sanctions on Iranian drones under current laws. Sanctions  are a very powerful tool, as we have seen in the last 2 months as we  have imposed powerful sanctions on Russia since its invasion, but I  think we need to go further, and my bill, H.R. 6930, the Asset Seizure  for Ukrainian Reconstruction Act, gives us the tools to do just that.   Let me say a few words about it.   In the last few weeks, we have seen across the United States, Europe,  and the world the seizure of yachts, villas, and banks accounts  belonging to Russian oligarchs who have supported the cruel regime of  Vladimir Putin. Recently, with the help of the FBI, a $90-  [[Page H4547]]  million yacht was seized in Europe. Ninety million dollars is actually  pretty cheap for a Russian oligarch's yacht. Some of these boats run up  to $600 million. Up to $300 billion of Russian Central Bank assets have  been seized or frozen by the United States and our allies.   All these actions raise a very important question. Think about the  destruction in Ukraine, the thousands of people who have been killed,  the atrocities, and the bodies of men and women left in the streets as  Russian soldiers and occupiers are expelled by the brave Ukrainian  defenders.   Can we imagine if there is, for example, a cease-fire that puts the  immediate violence to rest--we hope that happens--but can we imagine at  that moment giving all of this wealth, all of Russia's wealth, the  yachts, the bank accounts, the villas, and the planes back to Putin and  his cronies as Ukraine lies in ruin and as the Ukrainians bury their  dead?   I think the answer is no. We cannot imagine doing that. We will not  do that. I don't believe that the Biden administration intends to do  that. But the law here is very complicated. These assets are not  actually seized. They are merely frozen and blocked.   So this legislation--which I urge all of my colleagues to support  today, a bipartisan bill--asks the administration to come up with a  mechanism that would enable us to take this wealth and to sell it, to  dispose of it, and to use the proceeds to help the people  and Government of Ukraine rebuild their country.    Yes, it is complicated. If we apply our American legal constructs to  these men and women who have served Putin loyally all these years, it  looks like they are the owners of these assets. One of them owns the  Chelsea football team in Great Britain. Some own property in the United  States. But, in fact, Mr. Speaker, if you understand how Russia works,  then you understand that the true owner of all of these assets is one  man. It is Putin. These are pooled assets. He can use them whenever he  wants.   So I believe it is fitting that we should pass legislation  encouraging the administration to use the wealth that has supported  this cruel regime to help to rebuild the country that the Putin regime  is destroying.   It is the right thing to do, and it is the practical thing to do  because this reconstruction effort will, in fact, cost up to hundreds  of billions of dollars. We should not be saddled with the full cost of  that. Let's use Russia's money to rebuild Ukraine.   