 Mr. Speaker, every one of us here have significant groups of  constituents and people across this country from the communities in  question, from the Chinese-American communities, from the Indian- American communities, who have interest in wanting to make sure their  communities can be represented and might well support some of this. But  of course they do. Of course they do.   What are we going to do here but pick winners and losers? That is  what this Congress does every single day, pick winners and losers.   Who are the losers on this? It is not Big Tech, it is not all the big  corporations that are all happy to collude with the people's House in  order to get their labor supply, what they need.   But who are going to be the losers? A lot of the hospitals. Why did  the hospital association oppose this?   Could it be that there are Filipino nurses and others who are going  to be left behind or are going to have to go to the back of the line?  The Filipino nurses that were crowding the room in which I was being  treated for cancer at M.D. Anderson, which is chock-full of Filipino  nurses?   We are picking winners and losers here based on nationalities and  specific countries.   The gentlewoman from California just tried to mount a defense that we  are not going to open the door to Chinese Communists coming to the  United States but conveniently leaves out of the code all of the  exceptions: exception for involuntary membership, exception for past  membership, exception for close family members. I mean, any idiot could  drive a truck through those holes.   This is not a hard thing to understand what is happening. At the  eleventh hour, at the end of the 117th Congress, while Democrats are  colluding with a bunch of weak-kneed Republicans in the Senate to pass  a bunch of money that we don't have, to borrow more money that we don't  have, to jam through a massive omnibus spending bill at the expense of  the American people, this body is about to jam through a garbage  immigration bill that will undermine people around the world seeking to  come here who are going to be put to the back of the line while  colluding with Big Tech and big corporate interests to do it. That is  what is happening right now on the floor of the House.   We never actually have full-throated debates about this stuff,  contrary to what the gentlewoman said. She just dismissed it: Oh, we  had a couple hearings.   One witness mentioned something in a hearing and that constitutes a  hearing?   We are not having an actual debate here on the floor. We are having  30 minutes of each side getting up and saying their talking points.  Then we will have a vote, and then we will move on.   We are not going to be able to offer amendments on the floor because  nobody in this body, none of the leadership on that side of the aisle  or, frankly, often this side of the aisle, gives a damn about my right  to be able to offer an amendment on this floor of this House as my  constituents gave me the power to do.   We are here trying to defend the interests of having an immigration  policy that is not based on the interests of one industry at the  expense of countless other industries and at the expense of an  immigration system that actually works while our border is wide open,  being exploited by cartels and China to kill 72,000 Americans last  year, and my Democratic colleagues don't give a rip about a wide-open  border exploiting the American people and migrants getting abused in  the process.   