 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 963,  the FAIR Act, which prohibits the enforcement of forced arbitration  clauses in consumer, employment, civil rights, and antitrust disputes.   Buried deep within the fine print of almost every contract consumers  sign are clauses that deprive hardworking Americans and small  businesses of their day in court when they attempt to hold corporations  accountable for breaking the law.   We heard from lots of small businesses in support of this bill. No  one claimed that they were required to have forced arbitration in order  to remain successful. Forced arbitration protects systemic wrongdoing.  Everyone is always allowed to have arbitration if they want to  voluntarily once a dispute arises.   This forces people to give up their right to have their claims heard,  and most Americans don't even know they have given up that right  because they are forced to sign contracts, where in the fine print is a  provision where you are waiving that right. When you get a phone, when  you get cable, when you have internet service. This outrageous  practice, as my colleague from Florida just described, is nothing short  of a corporate takeover of our Nation's system of justice, and it  affects almost every single American.   This private arbitration that is very expensive, that lasts a very  long time also lacks the procedural safeguards of our justice system.  It is not subject to oversight, it doesn't have a judge, doesn't have a  jury, it is not bound by laws even passed by Congress or the States in  which it occurs, but it has become a requirement of everyday life for  tens of millions of consumers and workers who have to surrender their  rights to hold wrongdoers accountable.   These provisions require people to give up the right to have their  claims heard in a court of law and to have that remedy that will  prevent the wrongdoer from continuing.   Think about someone bringing a family member or loved one into a  nursing home who doesn't have the opportunity to negotiate taking out  that provision because someone they love is in desperate need of care.   I will give you a real example: Someone who is defending our country;  the case of Lieutenant Commander Kevin Ziober, who testified in support  of the FAIR Act in the last Congress. He served in the U.S. Navy  Reserves since 2008. He was activated multiple times to serve in  Afghanistan and Iraq.   On the last day of his employment, they had a party for him. They had  a cake in the shape of a flag; they celebrated him; and moments later  he was fired. When he said to his employer, ``You can't fire me, there  is a Federal statute that protects me,'' they said, ``Sorry for you,  you agreed to forced arbitration. You waived away your rights in your  employment contract.'' And in the fine print, sure enough, there it  was.   He testified at the hearing in 2019 that his case was in arbitration  7 years later. Nothing fast about that. And sadly, he said, ``This  happens every day across America, not only to servicemembers and  veterans whose rights are violated, but also to working people and  consumers of all backgrounds.''   The FAIR Act will ensure that what happened to Lieutenant Ziober and  what happens to millions of other hardworking Americans never happens  again. Let's restore justice to our justice system by getting rid of  these pernicious, horrible, unfair provisions.   As I conclude, I thank Congressman Johnson for his extraordinary  leadership. He has been fighting to try to free the hardworking  Americans and consumers and people who fight for our country from the  bondage of forced arbitration clauses, and finally we can do that  today. Vote ``yes.'' Vote for the FAIR Act.   