 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my dear friend, Chairman Meeks, for working with  me on this important legislation. This is a historic time, and it is a  historic bill.   This is the largest invasion in Europe since World War II, with war  crimes in Europe the likes of which we haven't seen since my father's  generation in my father's war.   Mr. Speaker, the world is watching, and history will judge us all by  how we act, by our actions. As the chairman said, the tape is filming;  the reel is filming this. We are seeing these horrific images coming  out of Ukraine as I speak, and sadly, there will be many more. We have  just hit the surface.   Corpses are littering the streets of Bucha, their hands tied behind  their backs and bullets in their heads. Some are decapitated.   A pregnant woman, covered in blood--these monsters bombed a maternity  hospital, for God's sake--as she gets wheeled out, holding on to her  womb or baby. Sadly, and tragically, both she and her baby did not  survive that day.   Mothers are raped in front of their children, and young girls are  raped in front of their families--girls.   The bodies of families are half-buried together in shallow graves,  with their hands still sticking out of the ground.   My God, what is happening in this world? I never imagined or thought  I would see this in my lifetime. This is of centuries ago, not today.   The bombing of apartments and public buildings providing refuge to  children and the elderly, including a theater in Mariupol that had the  word ``children'' written outside so large in Russian that the  satellites could see it--we could see it from satellites. What do the  Russians do? They bombed it. They bombed it knowing that there were  children inside.   Today, just today, most disturbing, we have reporting out of Ukraine  that Russia is bringing in mobile crematoriums to deal with the carnage  because there are so many bodies in the streets. They are bringing in  mobile crematoriums in an effort to hide the evidence of their crimes.   These are Putin's war crimes, and he will be held responsible. He and  his cronies, and the Russian troops who have carried them out, must be  held accountable.   Sadly, these are not the first war crimes committed by Putin's  troops, as the people of Chechnya, Georgia, and Syria can attest.   We cannot wait for the next atrocity before we act. We must do what  we can now to deter Russian leaders, commanders, and troops in the  field from committing further war crimes.   That is why we introduced this legislation. It will ensure the United  States helps the people of Ukraine gather, analyze, and maintain the  evidence of these war crimes.   It will also put Russian troops--I think ``troops'' is probably not  the right word--these Russian monsters and their leaders on notice that  the world is watching.   The world is watching them right now, and we are taking names. We are  [[Page H4214]]  taking the names of these war criminals; we are taking photographs; we  are taking surveillance; and we are taking the satellite imagery to  document this injustice, this crime against humanity. And we will seek  justice.   Mr. Speaker, I am very proud of the bipartisan efforts that our  committee has made. But on the topic, I just have to--my God, I can't  believe we are here even talking about this. I can't believe this is  actually happening in this world, in this century.   These horrific atrocities in Bucha have made one thing crystal clear:  No country can remain neutral in the face of this evil. The entire  world needs to rally against Mr. Putin and these war crimes. Passing  this bill is a step forward to getting justice done.   I was a Federal prosecutor for a good part of my life, and I have  dealt with a lot of victims. I have seen a lot of really awful things  that man can do to mankind. I have to say, Mr. Speaker, this is  probably--in fact, it is absolutely the worst thing I have seen in my  lifetime.   The world is watching, and history will judge us all. All nations  will judge us all by what we do here and now.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Arkansas (Mr. Hill).    Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from  New Jersey (Mr. Smith).    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time for  the purpose of closing.   Madam Speaker, we rise today not as Republicans or Democrats but as  Americans and as a united Congress on behalf of the American people  condemning these atrocities.   Madam Speaker, there is a group called the Wagner Group that is  entering Ukraine right now. They are the worst of the worst. They are  mercenaries. They are cold-blooded killers. Mr. Putin has sent them to  Africa to kill people in Mali and Libya, and they have been in the  Donbas previously. They have a saying, these Wagner thugs, these  monsters, that our business is killing, and business is good.   This is sick. They rape women and girls. They kill for a living, and,  yes, now they are entering Ukraine.   Sadly, Madam Speaker, I am not sure Bucha is the last we are going to  see of this, and when the dust clears from Mariupol, God knows what we  are going to find there. God only knows. When they are talking about  mobile crematoriums to hide the evidence of so much carnage and so many  bodies to be burned. This has to stop.   We are standing together united as Americans condemning this, and as  a former Federal prosecutor, yes, to indict Mr. Putin for his crimes  against humanity.   Mr. Putin thought his legacy after this fiasco was going to be  reclaiming the glory of the empire. He would be known as great as the  czars or maybe Stalin. Maybe he is like Stalin. His legacy is not going  to be reclaiming the empire. His legacy is going to be that of a war  criminal. That will impact his psyche, and that will impact all those  around him, including his oligarchs, that no one is safe here, that you  will be indicted internationally, and that you will be brought to  justice.   For without justice in the face of these crimes against humanity,  what good are we? So this is an historic moment.   I want to thank the chairman, as always, on this committee for  working with me to stand up against evil, because that is exactly what  this is.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   