 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, the aggressive and hostile actions of  the Chinese Communist Party pose a massive threat to the global order.  The Chinese Communist Party's strategy can be summed up in four Rs:  resist, reduce, replace, and reorder.   China resists American economic influence by manipulating American  businesses and industries and stealing intellectual property.   It reduces internal dissent and free expression of ideas through  surveillance and censorship of its own people. It is essentially a  police state. And it seeks to assert its power and influence in the  United States by various means.   The Chinese Communist Party intends to replace America as the world's  technology leader through its Made in China 2025 initiative, which  seeks to achieve Chinese dominance in high-tech manufacturing.   And, of course, it hopes to reorder international norms and  institutions around itself.   The CCP's mantra can best be described as ``Win at all costs.'' And,  make no mistake, its reckless actions paint an alarming picture for the  United States and our allies. For everything from national security to  economic policy, there is a clear and urgent need to reorient our way  of thinking on how we should respond to this threat from China.   Despite the partisanship that has sometimes gripped this Chamber for  more than a year now, this is one area where, thankfully, there is  broad bipartisan agreement. Our colleagues on both sides of the aisle  recognize the growing threats posed by the CCP and the need to act.   So last summer the Senate took a major step forward by passing the  U.S. Innovation and Competition Act. This bipartisan bill was the  result of intense bipartisan negotiations, with our friend Senator  Young from Indiana leading negotiations on our side of the aisle. This  legislation addresses a range of issues to help the United States  reduce its reliance on China and to counter looming threats from the  Communist Party.   Without question, the cornerstone of USICA, as it is called, is  funding for programs created by the CHIPS Act, which I introduced with  the Senator from Virginia, Mr. Warner, in 2020 and nearly every Senator  in this body has supported. Semiconductor chips, which we have all had  to learn a lot more about, are everywhere--from cell phones to cars to  agricultural equipment to missile defense systems. Despite our need for  a strong supply of these semiconductor chips, we overwhelmingly rely on  other countries--most of them in Asia--to produce them. Taiwan alone  produces about 63 percent of the advanced semiconductors in the world.   If, for some reason, our supply of these semiconductors was cut off  as the result of a natural disaster or another pandemic or military  conflict, it would lead to very serious consequences for both our  national security as well as our economy. When we talk about the need  to address threats to our supply chain and threats coming from the  People's Republic of China, semiconductors are front and center.    Now, USICA provided the CHIPS program with $52 billion to bolster  domestic semiconductor manufacturing and to secure this vulnerable  supply chain. This legislation passed the Senate last summer by a vote  of 68 to 32, which is an incredible bipartisan accomplishment these  days.   Unfortunately, the House of Representatives refused to act on this  bipartisan bill. They said they wanted to pass their own version, which  they have every right to do, of course, but they also should have been  working at it diligently and acted quickly. The Chinese Communist Party  simply isn't sitting around waiting on House Democrats to get their act  together.   So it took 8 months before the House of Representatives passed a bill  aimed at competition with China; but, unfortunately, they chose to go  the easy way, which is to pass strictly a partisan bill, which  virtually no Republican supported. Instead of mirroring the bipartisan  process here in the Senate, Democrats only negotiated among themselves  and excluded Republicans from that process.   Democratic committee chairmen refused to consult with their  Republican ranking members, and they ran off with the pen and crafted a  partisan and unserious bill. Sure, this legislation does include a few  bipartisan measures like CHIPs funding, as well as a proposal I led  with Mr. Casey, the Senator from Pennsylvania, to review limited  outbound investments in China.   But House Democrats don't deserve a lot of credit for including a few  bipartisan bills that they already support. They kept some of the  overwhelmingly partisan pieces of USICA and tacked on a laundry list of  unrelated and controversial provisions. The House-passed bill sends a  whopping $8 billion to a U.N. climate slush fund, which has provided  more than $100 million to China alone. So if the purpose of this effort  is to counter threats from China, it doesn't exactly accomplish that  goal when we end up sending money to China.  [[Page S771]]    Democrats also added provisions in the House related to immigration,  from creating new types of visas to removing green card caps. Now,  immigration is a serious and important issue, but these can't expect to  see the light of day being haphazardly tacked on to this legislation.  They need to be debated and marked up by the appropriate legislative  committees and negotiated.   Well, in true fashion, House Democrats added a range of handouts to  their political supporters, especially labor unions. From massive slush  funds to burdensome new labor requirements, unions would win big with  the House bill. The labor bosses apparently were promised some pretty  big benefits in the Democrats' reckless tax-and-spending spree bill.   Since that bill is now dead and buried, it looks like this was their  way to try to appease their political supporters.   As we have learned over the last year, our colleagues in the House  can't seem to resist any opportunity to sneak in ridiculous partisan  pet projects. Their bill would also establish a coral reef task force-- you heard me correctly, a coral reef task force--and put $6 million  toward a national coral reef management fellowship. Believe it or not,  the term ``coral reef'' is mentioned more than 300 times in the House  bill. No wonder it took them so long to put the bill together.   Of course, it is not just what is in this bill that is a problem; it  is what was left out. The bill's trade title--which was one of the most  important parts of what the Senate did, championed by the Senator from  Idaho, the ranking member of the Finance Committee, Mr. Crapo--but the  House trade bill is entirely inadequate. It extends and expands trade  adjustment assistance, which is normally something we do when we  approve of a trade deal, like the USMCA, the United States-Mexico- Canada Agreement. But they left out the most important part, which was  trade promotion authority.   We know trade promotion authority is absolutely critical to brokering  strong trade agreements without extraordinary delays. What the House  did by including trade adjustment assistance without trade promotion  authority does nothing to advance our goals to open up markets to  American-made goods and services and agriculture.   Well, the House bill also fails to push for a digital trade agreement  and identify countries, like the People's Republic of China, that use  censorship as a way to limit access to our tech industry, and it  doesn't narrow relief from tariffs for businesses experiencing severe  economic harm that has broad bipartisan support.   So it is no surprise that the House bill was passed almost entirely  along party lines. Unlike the bipartisan legislation here in the  Senate, the House bill is an unserious attempt to help America compete  with China. It just simply doesn't cut the mustard.   House Democrats wasted about 8 months while they waited and waited  and waited before even acting in this totally inadequate manner. And  there is no chance, of course, the Senate will pass anything that  resembles the House bill. We do need legislation to confront growing  threats from China, but we need to do it correctly. That means what we  need is a formal conference committee between the House and the Senate  and to ensure ultimately that the final product looks a whole lot like  the Senate bill, which passed, as I said, with strong bipartisan  support.   This is really nothing to be toyed with. This is a matter of national  and economic security and something far too important for partisan  jockeying such as demonstrated by the House of Representatives in their  totally inadequate and unserious piece of legislation.   I yield the floor.   