 Mr. Speaker, under recent comments President Biden made  about his first year, he talked about under-promising and over- delivering.   Given what the year looks like, please, Mr. President, under-deliver.   Mr. Speaker, our country has seen unprecedented crisis and record  inflation, supply chain disruptions, price surges, gas and energy costs  going through the roof, food supply shortages, empty shelves  everywhere, higher prices.   Unfortunately, the failures of Biden's first year in office isn't  limited to just the United States alone. No, he hastily evacuated our  troops from Afghanistan, leaving behind as many as 14,000 U.S. citizens  and legal residents and friends, as well as billions of dollars of  countless weapons of ours that have fallen into the hands of the  Taliban. So over 20 years of a record of Taliban and they get all these  weapons to use against us or our friends in the neighborhood.   If this is not bad enough, the administration is now proposing to  send over $300 million in foreign aid, basically, to the Taliban regime  to do all the great things they have been doing. People in Afghanistan  do need help, but we know the funds or food we send over there will go  straight into the wrong hands.   We need to have a better chain of supply to help them than what the  Biden administration is proposing. The nonprofit rescue group known as  Save Our Allies has been working tirelessly to rescue those left behind  by President Biden's disaster over there. They warn that the funds and  supplies will not go into the hands of the average Afghan but, instead,  straight into the hands of the Taliban. We need to rethink this.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague from New  Jersey (Mr. Smith) for being a stalwart leader on this ever since I  have been involved in this. I appreciate him for being courageous and  strong on defending life.   Mr. Speaker, as we know, in the 49 years since the Supreme Court  codified Roe v. Wade, the science behind pregnancy and its diagnosis,  so to speak, has advanced exponentially. We know this year the Supreme  Court will rule on a case called Dobbs v. Jackson to decide on limiting  abortion access to 15 weeks of pregnancy.   As if there has been any doubt, really, of what a pregnancy means  commonsense-wise, that it is a child developing--not a blob, a tissue  mass, a clump of cells, or a baby giraffe. No, it is a human being.   Medical advancements like ultrasounds since that decision 49 years  ago, prenatal surgeries, all these have shown the humanity of the  unborn, which points to the value of life from the moment of  conception, from that flash of light.    By 15 weeks in the womb, babies have fully developed hearts, can  taste, can make facial expressions, and can feel pain. With today's  medical advancements, a baby can survive outside the womb, incredibly,  at 22 weeks and, in  [[Page H282]]  some cases, even earlier with aggressive care and maybe a little bit of  luck and God's blessing.   Roe v. Wade allows a baby to be born as late as 28 weeks. At 28  weeks, a baby is a living, breathing, developed person with thoughts  and a future. We need revisions to Roe v. Wade. The future of our  Nation, its morality, its outlook, it depends on it. Abortion is a  gruesome act that destroys families, harms women's health, mentally and  physically, and takes the life of the innocent.   I will always fight for the unborn, the sanctity of life, and our  traditional family values this country is founded upon. It is truly a  cornerstone, and it is abhorrent that lives like this can be taken  needlessly when we have so many remedies.   