 Madam President, I rise this evening to urge my  colleagues to oppose the nomination of Alvaro Bedoya to be a  Commissioner of the Federal Trade Commission.   Recently, the Commerce Committee deadlocked on this nomination, with  all Republican members voting no and all Democratic members voting yes.  So it will take a discharge petition here on the Senate floor to move  Mr. Bedoya's nomination further. If our Democratic colleagues are  successful, Mr. Bedoya will become the fifth tie-breaking Commissioner  of the FTC.   Let me just observe, as someone who has been on the Commerce  Committee for years and years here in the U.S. Senate, that the Federal  Trade Commission, which is where Mr. Bedoya would become a member, has  always approached issues and addressed the public in a spirit of  bipartisanship.   Unlike with the Federal Communications Commission, the FCC, where we  are used to the vote being 2 to 3, in a very partisan manner--that is  the FCC for you--we haven't had that, over time, with the Federal Trade  Commission. The Federal Trade Commission has had a tradition of  bipartisanship. They have had a tradition of issuing policy statements  with all five of them participating and issuing statements to the  Commerce Committee, before testimony, with the one statement speaking  for the entire Federal Trade Commission.   Mr. Bedoya's records show that he would bring that sort of  partisanship that we have had at the FCC to the Federal Trade  Commission, and I hope we can avoid that. As a matter of fact, Mr.  Bedoya has publicly supported eliminating the longstanding bipartisan  policy statements, and he has advocated for excluding minority party  Commissioners from Agency investigations. This would be a troubling  step for a Commission that has been bipartisan.   Mr. Bedoya has a long history of divisive social media statements.  For example, he called for the elimination of the U.S. Immigration and  Customs Enforcement Agency. He has called for the elimination of ICE.  That is how extreme and out in left field this nominee, Alvaro Bedoya,  is. He has called on local law enforcement agencies not to cooperate  with ICE. So, if you are a local police department, just don't  cooperate with the Federal Agency in charge of immigration and customs  enforcement. He has accused Cabinet-level Departments of committing  human rights abuses. He has even demanded that several of our  colleagues here in the U.S. Senate resign.   He is a hothead, plainly said--more appropriate for a talk radio host  of the far left rather than the fifth vote on the Federal Trade  Commission.   Additionally, as the Judiciary Committee continues to consider a  Supreme Court nomination, I think it is instructive to recall that, in  the fall of 2020, this nominee, Mr. Bedoya, urged Senate Democrats to  boycott the Judiciary Committee's hearings on the nomination of Amy  Coney Barrett to serve on the Supreme Court.    Now, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle would be outraged  if Republican members of the Judiciary Committee actually refused to  attend the committee's hearings which occurred last week. This is  exactly what Mr. Bedoya, the FTC nominee, called on the Democrats to do  just 18 months ago. Clearly, he is out of the mainstream.   This is not the temperament we need to send to the FTC, particularly  at a time when the Agency's current leadership has pursued a more  partisan agenda as of late. We need to get away from that trend.   Then, beyond temperament, Mr. Bedoya has demonstrated a lack of  experience and a lack of knowledge on the major policy areas that he  would be responsible for regulating as an FTC Commissioner. Although  the FTC is the Nation's premier regulator of consumer privacy, Mr.  Bedoya's experience on the topic of privacy comes from his time on the  staff of the Senate Judiciary Committee. There, he largely dealt with  issues of government surveillance, which falls outside the FTC's  jurisdiction. So even the limited experience Mr. Bedoya has gives him  no help in dealing with Federal Trade Commission issues.   Through the Commerce Committee's vetting process, Mr. Bedoya has also  shown a limited knowledge of the competition and antitrust issues that  are at the heart of today's major policy debates at the FTC.   I don't want the FTC to lack a tie-breaking vote forever--that is not  the reason every Republican on the Commerce Committee voted no--but I  do want the Agency to be able to tackle these important issues: to rein  in Big Tech's dominance of so many marketplaces; to support a 21st  century economy that spurs innovation; and to protect consumers from  fraud and other unfair and deceptive business practices. I want the FTC  to return to its traditional standing as an Agency driven by  bipartisanship and as an Agency that can be counted on to use its broad  authority with a steady hand and a measured approach.   I do not believe Mr. Bedoya is the right person to do this. I do not  believe someone with his temperament and lack of experience and lack of  knowledge about the issues will be able to put the Federal Trade  Commission back on track.   For those reasons, I urge my colleagues to support any effort to  discharge Mr. Bedoya's nomination from the Commerce Committee to the  Senate floor.  [[Page S1829]]    I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   