 Madam President, I rise today, again, regarding the need  to secure our southern border. Right now there is a caravan of migrants  making its way to Mexico through the southern border.   Media reports that it could be the largest caravan ever, growing to  15,000 migrants by the time it reaches the U.S. border. The  unprecedented and growing crisis at the southern border is due to the  Biden administration's misguided immigration policies.   This includes the lack of enforcement of key tools, including the  ``Remain in Mexico'' policy, the safe third country agreements, and the  title 42 public health order.   U.S. Customs and Border Protection reported that in April of this  year, over 234,000 individuals were encountered attempting to illegally  cross the southern border--234,000 in the month of April.   This is an increase of 31 percent from April of 2021, last year, and  a staggering 1,268-percent increase from April of 2020, 2 years ago.  There are 234,000 individuals attempting to cross the border illegally  in just 1 month--just 1 month.   I was recently in Del Rio and Eagle Pass, TX, to draw attention to  the challenges at the border and to meet with the North Dakota Army  National Guard soldiers. Our Guard members are providing support to  Customs and Border Protection in light of the immigration crisis.   Our dedicated CBP officers and agents are working tirelessly to try  to fulfill their mission of securing the border, with the added  pressure and stress of addressing the humanitarian crisis occurring  with the continuing surge of migrants seeking to cross the border  illegally.   While they do everything they can, they face an impossible task that  the Biden administration's actions are exacerbating. As I mentioned  earlier, the current crisis at the southern border is the result of the  Biden administration's policies.   Notably, the Biden administration is now attempting to end the use of  public health order 42--just last month. Those efforts failed when a  Federal judge correctly issued an injunction preventing the Biden  administration from ending title 42.  [[Page S2853]]    The Federal injunction noted that rescinding title 42 will result in  a significant increase in illegal immigration at the southern border.  This includes an anticipated tripling of illegal border crossings at  the border, increasing from 7,000 per day to 18,000 per day, should  public health order 42 end.   At the same time, the ongoing crisis at the southern border is  creating significant challenges for northern border operations and the  security of our northern border. Northern border personnel and  resources continue to be depleted because of the surge at the southern  border. That is unacceptable.   We need to address the ongoing crisis at the southern border and  ensure that we have the resources we need at our northern border as  well.   Border security is vital to national security, and we need to secure  them both. President Biden's actions have incentivized migrants to take  the dangerous journey to the U.S. border. We need to change those  policies to get the border crisis under control.   That means we need to do three things to ensure that we have a secure  border. We need to make sure that we continue the border wall, along  with personnel and technology to make sure that we secure the border;  we need to reinstate key immigration policies like I talked about; and  we need to move toward a merit-based immigration system.   Again, we need to enforce our Nation's immigration laws, resume  construction of the border wall, and ensure that we have in place the  infrastructure, the personnel, and the technology to adequately secure  the border. The Biden administration needs to take these steps, and  they need to do it now.   I yield the floor.   