 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 7132, the Safe  Connections Act, which was introduced by Representatives Kuster,  Walberg, and Eshoo.   The Safe Connections Act will help streamline the process for  survivors of domestic violence, human trafficking, and related crimes,  as well as their dependents, to leave a shared mobile phone contract  with their abuser.   Survivors of domestic abuse routinely experience digital abuse,  stalking, and coercion through the use of a  [[Page H7106]]  shared cell phone plan. This can lead to instability for survivors and  make it even more difficult to escape an abusive relationship.   Abusers that share a mobile plan with a survivor of domestic abuse  often monitor the location of their victim as well as their call and  text history, which could provide an abuser insight into a victim's  support network, family, friends, and coworkers.   As survivors begin the process of rebuilding their lives following  domestic violence, it can be difficult to leave a shared mobile phone  contract with their abuser. No Federal law requires mobile service  providers to allow victims to leave their family plans very easily.  While some States require victims to get a court order to leave a  family plan, other States allow victims to leave family plans without a  court order but instead compel victims to supply phone companies with  evidence of their abuse.   The Safe Connections Act would require a mobile service provider to  complete a line separation request within 2 business days, provide  clarity to survivors on how to submit the request, and permit survivors  to receive confirmation that the request is complete by remote means.   The legislation would also limit mobile service providers from making  the line separation request contingent on paying an early termination  fee, maintaining a contract with the provider, or requiring approval of  separation by the primary account holder.   The Safe Connections Act is a step forward in helping domestic  violence survivors and their dependents leave abusive situations.   Madam Speaker, it is very important that the House acts favorably on  this piece of legislation because when you are thinking about what  survivors of domestic violence, human trafficking, and related crimes  go through--and also their dependents--it is absolutely essential that  this piece of legislation be favorably acted on by the House.   We want to make sure that an individual can leave these plans but  also still be able to remain connected with their friends and family  and other individuals out there.   Madam Speaker, I ask that the House support this legislation, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 7624, the  Spectrum Innovation Act, which I am pleased to lead with my good  friend, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Michael F. Doyle), the  subcommittee chair.   I thank Mr. Doyle for working with me and my colleagues over the last  several months to make improvements to the Spectrum Innovation Act and  earn broad Republican support through the committee process. The  legislation passed the Energy and Commerce Committee by a vote of 52-0,  which is a testament to the bipartisan achievements that are included  in this bill.   The Spectrum Innovation Act provides clarity and direction to NTIA to  repurpose spectrum currently used by Federal agencies for commercial  use. By providing this certainty, we will ensure that this auction  receives the necessary oversight and certainty to result in a success  for both Federal agencies and the American taxpayer.   It also includes the Extending America's Spectrum Auction Leadership  Act of 2022, which will extend the Federal Communications Commission's  general auction authority for 18 months. Currently, this authority is  set to expire on September 30. Without action, the FCC will not be able  to make more airwaves available for 5G and wireless broadband services  in rural areas.   With the proceeds of these auctions, Congress is funding critical  public safety and national security priorities. The FCC is currently  facing a $3.08 billion shortfall in funding to rip and replace  untrusted equipment from our communications, like Huawei and ZTE, which  this bill would address. Recent news reports further underscore the  need to remove this equipment quickly to protect Americans from Chinese  espionage.   Additionally, this legislation would provide up to $10 billion in  future auction proceeds to upgrade our 911 infrastructure. For nearly a  decade, Congress has worked to identify a path forward on facilitating  a coordinated, nationwide transition to Next Generation 911. Today's  legislation will bring that vision to life.    Madam Speaker, I thank my colleagues Mr. Hudson and Ms. Eshoo for  their dedication to bringing the public safety community, 911  professionals, and States together on this solution.   Finally, the Spectrum Innovation Act also includes the SMART Spectrum  Act, legislation sponsored by my colleague from Kentucky, Mr. Guthrie,  which will provide the National Telecommunications and Information  Administration with another tool to help NTIA better manage the  spectrum by Federal agencies.   Madam Speaker, I am pleased that we are funding these important  priorities without adding more to the national deficit.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the legislation, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the  gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. Rodgers), the ranking member of the  Energy and Commerce Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to  close.   Mr. Speaker, again, there are many points why it is very important  that this piece of legislation does pass.   Number one, the Spectrum Innovation Act provides clarity and  direction to NTIA to repurpose spectrums currently used by Federal  agencies for commercial use.   Second, it is going to extend the Federal Communications Commission's  general auction authority from 18 months.   Third, its replacement is so absolutely important because we have to  make sure we remove this untrustworthy equipment from our  communications networks.   Fourth, it will help provide up to $10 billion to help upgrade our  911 systems that we have to make sure are upgraded because as time goes  by, it is absolutely essential.   Finally, it is going to help NTIA better manage our spectrums.   So, Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this very important legislation,  and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, Reese's Law will require the Consumer Product Safety  Commission to establish safety standards to protect children from  ingesting button cell batteries. It also includes an education  component for consumers to ensure they are keeping new and used  batteries out of the reach of children.   I thank Representatives Arrington and Kelly for spearheading this  effort, and to Trista Hamsmith for her tireless efforts.   We are all inspired by Trista, who has been willing to share her  daughter's tragic story and channel it into an action that will help  save lives.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support this legislation,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Arrington) who has worked on this piece of legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I thank all the Members that worked on this  very important piece of legislation because this is a piece of  legislation that is going to help save countless children's lives.   I also thank Trista for her unending work to make sure this  legislation gets across the finish line.   So, Mr. Speaker, I ask the passage of this legislation, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   