 Mr. Speaker, it is cold outside. It is  about 24 degrees outside of the Chamber right now, and as a kid from  southern California, that is especially cold. But that is not as cold  as what is happening inside this Chamber.   Right now, as we speak, our Nation is $31 trillion in debt. We are  suffering from record-high inflation, and we are about to vote on a  $1.7 trillion spending bill, a record-high spending bill that is going  to aggravate these things; and more than half of the Members of  Congress have not shown up to vote on this bill, not to engage in  debate.   The Democratic Party has not allowed us to bring this forward through  the normal debate process, through the committees, through markups,  just bringing it to the floor.   Mr. Speaker, that is cold. The fact that this bill pays more credence  to the borders of foreign nations like Tunisia and Egypt than to ours-- the fact that the Speaker of the House speaks of the personal desires  and necessities of Members of Congress and prioritizes that over  American citizens is cold.   The fact that we, this week, had more Members of Congress show up to  listen to a speech by a president of a foreign nation than to vote on  the annual operating budget for our entire Nation is cold.   We have to do better. We knew this budget was due on September 30 of  this year, yet we decided to wait. The Appropriations Committee, the  Republicans within the House Appropriations Committee, worked our tails  off to make sure that we had something that was responsible; that gave  back to America; that provided the security of Americans, and the  Democrats in this House and in the Senate failed to bring that budget  forward until the last minute.   It is cold outside, but what we are doing as a body, what Members of  this body are doing to the American people is so much colder.   This $1.7 trillion will aggravate our debt. It will aggravate our  inflation. During a season where families are now making decisions  whether to buy their kids presents--   