 Mr. Speaker, before us is a bill, the Respect for  Marriage Act.   I woke up this morning, got ready to come over to the Capitol, and as  I often do, I glanced over to pictures of my family, and I glanced to a  picture of my 9-month-old grandson. I couldn't be happier about the  newest addition to our family. I couldn't be prouder of the two people  who brought him into the world, my daughter Corey and her wife Hedya.   When my daughter told me she wanted to get married, I told her what  every good parent should tell their children, that if this is the  person you want to spend the rest of your life with, I couldn't be  happier for you.   Shortly after that announcement of wanting to get married, my  daughter had some terrible news. Her fiancee just found out she had  breast cancer. With decisions facing them, they decided to get married  right away.   Given all the complications that come with managing treatment, the  decision to get married quickly was incredibly important. As I stood at  their wedding, in a U.S. court, with a Federal judge presiding over  their union, I knew it was only made possible because of a recent  Supreme Court decision.   Today, we consider that legislation. That same Court has opened the  door to dismantling families like mine, splitting this little guy's  family apart potentially. We can't let that happen.   We are talking about marriage, two committed people, to make sure  they have a secure family, and all we have to do is vote ``yes.'' Don't  complicate the issue. It is that simple.   I don't speak about the religious beliefs of my colleagues, but I  have to ask: What God would find fault in this baby and his two  mommies? There is nothing wrong with this. This is pure love. It is  what we all should aspire to.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' so we are equal in  all States.    Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentlewoman for  yielding.   Here we are once again having a discussion about Davis-Bacon  prevailing wages. Dozens of studies over decades have shown prevailing  wages increase productivity, raise wages, helps local contractors,  promote high-quality apprenticeship programs. The very thing that we  talk about doing here for our districts.   Prevailing wage laws increase productivity by attracting higher- quality general contractors and subcontractors to bid on public works;  it levels the playing field. As a result, public projects cut down on  change orders and finish projects with greater efficiency.   In fact, in 2015, West Virginia repealed its State prevailing wage  law, arguing it would allow the State to build five schools instead of  four. But after a study, the repeal showed that there were no cost  savings from repeal of the law--but massive decreases in wages, out-of- town contractors and apprenticeships.   Not only that, prevailing wage laws are also good for business. They  are good for contractor associations. They are good for people.   I find it absolutely unbelievable that we come down and have these  discussions each and every time saying: I am fighting to lower wages in  my district. This is what my people want, they want to be paid less.  Not a word on what the contractor/owners can make. But the workers, the  ones who build things, we are fighting to lower those wages.   This is insane. I would call it dumb, but I want to be kinder. We are  in a great institution. Let's just call it wrong, hateful,  misappropriated.   But the fact of the matter is, we are here to raise the level of  quality and, certainly, of helping those who need it most, the ones who  build America.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to defeat this amendment.   