 Mr. President, I would say to the Republican leader while  he is still on the floor, would you entertain a question?    I am sorry that he did not stay for a question because I  would have asked the basic question phrased by Senator Schumer: Does he  really believe that there is no evidence of voter suppression in the  actions of 19 States across our Nation? I think the facts speak for  themselves.   For those who are witnessing this, this is a rare moment in the  history of this Chamber. In the recent history, it is rare because we  are here; half of the seats are occupied in the U.S. Senate. That is a  rare occurrence because it is rare that we come together to debate, to  amend, or to even exercise the authority given to us as U.S. Senators.   It is also a rare moment in history because we again are being called  on, as others have before us, to speak to the fundamentals of freedom  and democracy and to go on record by the end of this day, when night  falls, as to where we stand in the sweep of history.   Approximately 155 million Americans voted in the 2020 election-- highest voter-turnout percentage since the 1900 election. A record  number voted early or cast mail-in ballots--options that were expanded  in red and blue States in response to a deadly pandemic. That was  before we had vaccines, and COVID was killing an average of 1,200  Americans a day. Yet they voted. Tens of millions of Americans stood in  line, some for hours, to cast their ballots. That is how important the  American people thought it was to vote in 2020.   People risked their lives to cast their ballots. It is hard to  believe that fact could be measured against statements made by the  Republican leader just a few moments ago that people don't care about  the right to vote. They care enough to risk their lives, and they did  in the 2020 election.   Despite the crush of voters and the confusion of the pandemic, the  2020 election was judged ``the most secure in American history.'' That  is not my opinion; that is the official statement issued by the  Department of Homeland Security's Cybersecurity and Infrastructure  Security Agency under the Trump administration, an Agency which  coordinates the Nation's top cybersecurity and voting infrastructure  security. They released their assessment 10 days after the 2020  election, and they did so to counter a dangerous and unprecedented  avalanche of misinformation--including from an enraged and defeated  President--claiming falsely the election had been stolen.   These nonpartisan election security experts were not alone in  rejecting Donald Trump's Big Lie. President Trump and his loyalists  filed more than 60 lawsuits in State and Federal courts, repeating  their false claims of voter fraud and stolen votes. They offered no  evidence to back their claims--only bizarre conspiracy theories and  far-right internet gossip. Their lawsuits were overwhelmingly  dismissed, some by judges whom President Trump himself had nominated.  The former President exerted extraordinary pressure on the Department  of Justice--we found that in the Senate Judiciary Committee and through  other sources--and he failed.   When he couldn't bully the courts or the Justice Department to do his  bidding, he summoned his mob. We all know personally about the death  and destruction the Big Lie brought to this building on January 6, a  year ago. We lived through it. The Capitol survived it. The entire  world recoiled at the sight of Americans, goaded by the former  President, attacking the heart of our democracy.   The Big Lie is corroding Americans' faith in our elections. In a  recent poll, two-thirds of Republicans--two-thirds of Republicans-- surveyed agreed with the false claim that ``voter fraud helped Joe  Biden win the 2020 election''--two-thirds of Republicans. That poll  also found that 64 percent of Americans believe that U.S. democracy is  ``in crisis and at risk of failing.''   Senator McConnell dismisses this conversation, but the American  people know it is deadly serious.   In another poll, only one in three Republicans said that they trust  that the 2024 elections will be fair regardless of who wins--only one  in three Republicans.   Donald Trump would rather destroy American democracy than admit he  lost the election, and sadly, it seems that many Republican lawmakers  would rather repeat his lies than face his wrath.   Republican lawmakers of many States are using the Big Lie as a  pretext to pass new laws aimed at undermining both Americans' right to  vote and the integrity of our elections. Sadly, Republicans in the  Senate are aiding and abetting this attack. Three times last year, the  Republicans used the filibuster--the weapon of choice in the Jim Crow  era--to block this Senate from even debating voting rights.   Each morning, we stand and pledge allegiance to that flag and what it  represents, but I don't believe any Senator stands to pledge allegiance  to the filibuster.   The filibuster is a rules creation in the Senate which really has  stopped  [[Page S281]]  many important pieces of legislation from being considered. It was  really the major reason in the 1960s that the Voting Rights Act and  other civil rights legislation took so long. I know personally five  times I have brought to the floor the Dream Act to give young people in  this country a chance for a path to citizenship, and five times on the  floor of the Senate, it has been stopped by that same filibuster.   We have heard lofty rhetoric from the Republican leader about what  the filibuster means in the Senate. It has been used perhaps in  constructive ways, but it has certainly been used time and again for a  destructive purpose.   In the year since January 6, Republican legislatures in nearly 20  States have enacted laws making it harder for Americans to vote and, in  some cases, easier for partisan actors to potentially meddle and  interfere with elections.   In total, more than 440 bills with voting restrictions have been  introduced in 49 States, and Senator McConnell can't see one example of  voter suppression.   Let me give you some examples so you know what we are speaking of.   We have heard this from Senators Warnock and Ossoff about the State  of Georgia, a new law making it a crime to give a voter waiting in line  to vote a snack or a drink of water--a crime to give a drink of water  to someone waiting in line.   As Senator Booker reminded us yesterday, these long lines many times  are populated by members of minority populations. What a coincidence  that they are the ones with too few voting machines or polling places  and have to wait many times for hours to exercise their franchise.   In Texas, as a result of a new law known as S.B. 1, local election  officials all over the State are reporting they are being forced to  reject hundreds of absentee ballot requests for the State's upcoming  March primary.   In Denton County, Texas officials have had to reject over 40 percent  of absentee ballot requests. In Travis County, nearly a third of mail  ballot applications have been rejected. Making matters worse, this new  law makes it a felony in Texas for an election official in Texas to  send an unsolicited mail ballot application to a voter.   In Florida, Republican Governor DeSantis last week proposed creating  a police unit that would be empowered to arrest voters and others who  allegedly violate the State's election laws. This is straight out of  the Jim Crow playbook.   In addition, Republican lawmakers in at least 10 States have  diminished secretaries of states' authorities over elections or shifted  aspects of the administration to partisan bodies, including State  legislators themselves or election boards dominated by the Republican  Party.   A new law in Arkansas now grants the State Board of Election  Commissioners--made of up five Republicans and one Democrat--police  powers to investigate complaints about violation of the State's  election laws despite no evidence--none--of widespread voter fraud in  the State. It empowers the board to upend the State's traditional  county-based election administration.   A new law in Arizona specifies that Democratic secretary of state,  Katie Hobbs, can no longer represent the State in lawsuits defending  the election code. That power now lies with the attorney general, who  happens to be Republican--but only through January 2, 2023, when Katie  Hobbs' term in office ends.   Even more chilling, Republican lawmakers in a number of States have  introduced or passed new laws criminalizing aspects of election  administration.   In Wisconsin, the election administrators could face criminal  penalties for correcting mistakes on a voter's mail-in ballot. Voting  rights experts fear that such laws could leave nonpartisan election  administrators and workers forever looking over their shoulders or  cause them to quit or be replaced by those who are less experienced and  more partisan.   So why is this happening? As I mentioned earlier, the 2020 election  had incredible turnout. According to the Census Bureau, 67 percent of  all eligible Americans reported voting, and the majority clearly voted  for President Joe Biden. So now Republican lawmakers are using the Big  Lie to pass partisan election laws in order to reduce voter turnout and  control outcomes of the elections this year and in 2024. Their target?  Democratic voters. And their goal? Sow the seeds of doubt in our  democracy and the credibility of future elections.   Republicans refuse to join us in protecting voting rights. Why?  Because the agenda they are following was set by Donald Trump, and  dissenters pay a price. If you don't endorse--if you endorse, rather,  the Big Lie, he will endorse you; if you don't, he will unleash his  fury.   These attacks on voting rights are shaking the pillars of our  democracy, the credibility of our elections, and the peaceful transfer  of power.   The vast majority of our Republican colleagues are all singing from  the same hymnal. They say there is no new wave of voter suppression and  election nullification laws. They are wrong.   They claim that our proposals to restore the Voting Rights Act and  set minimum Federal standards for elections amount to an  ``unprecedented takeover of State elections and a partisan power  grab.'' They are wrong.   Each of us in our desks has this common document that guides us, I  hope, in all of our actions on the Senate floor. Despite statements to  the contrary, we know that this document is explicit in what we are  setting out to do today.   The elections clause of the Constitution, article I, section 4, gives  Congress the authority to make election laws. The 14th and 15th  Amendments give Congress the responsibility to protect voting ``by  appropriate legislation.''   The Voting Rights Act was reauthorized and strengthened five times,  always with a strong, bipartisan majority. The last time it was  reauthorized was 2006, 7 years before Shelby County. That decision of  the Supreme Court, we know, gutted the law's protections. The Senate  voted unanimously, Democrats and Republicans, to reauthorize and  strengthen the law. Sixteen current Republican Members of the Senate  voted yes. It wasn't a Federal takeover of elections then, it isn't  now, and they know it.   I am the person chosen by Senate Democrats to count votes, and based  on their public statements, two Democrats may not vote to change the  rules to allow this Congress to stop this power grab by Republican  State lawmakers. These Senators have given their reasons. But there is  something more important than an existing Senate rule--a rule that has  been changed 160 times in the history of this body. The integrity of  our free elections, the right to have your vote counted, and our oath  to uphold and defend the Constitution I believe count for more.   On January 6, after the insurrection was quelled, we returned to the  Senate to complete our constitutional duty of certifying the election  and declaring Joe Biden President.   Speaking to the few Members of his party who still intended to  challenge the electoral count on the feeble grounds that some of their  constituents had doubts about the election, the junior Senator from  Utah, Senator Romney, said: ``The best way you can show respect for the  voters who are upset about this is to tell them the truth.''   Then something happened on the floor of the Senate which rarely  occurs: Senators on both sides of the aisle rose to their feet and gave  Senator Romney a standing ovation. Do you remember it? I do.   It is time to remember that courage. It is time to tell the voters  the truth. Stop repeating the Big Lie that is tearing this country  apart. It is time for the Senate to pass the Voting Rights Act and the  Freedom to Vote Act. To restore the power of the Voting Rights Act is  to restore the promise of America.   I would like to close by reminding us that, earlier this week, we  marked Martin Luther King, Jr., Day. I saw many tweets from Members of  this Chamber celebrating his legacy.   One Republican leader tweeted: ``Nearly 60 years since the March on  Washington, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.'s message echoes as powerfully  as it did that day. His legacy inspires us to celebrate and keep  building upon the remarkable progress our great nation has made toward  becoming a more perfect union.''   Well, I certainly have good news for that Republican leader who sent  that  [[Page S282]]  tweet. He has an opportunity today to keep building on that remarkable  progress.   Instead of building on Dr. King's work, we have watched Republicans  and State legislatures across the country choose to tear down that  remarkable progress and make it harder to vote and make it harder to  even acknowledge and teach the brutal history of the civil rights  movement and the systemic inequities that still exist.   So here are the questions for Members in this Chamber today: Are we  going to live up today--this day, Wednesday--to the values we claimed  on Monday, Martin Luther King Day? Are we going to be inspired to  actually listen to the message of Dr. King and why he risked his life  to deliver it? Are you going to keep building upon the legacy and  progress that he fought to achieve?   For all of us on both sides of the aisle who quoted Dr. King on  Monday, I implore you to listen to what he said in an interview in 1963  when asked about President Kennedy's civil rights bill. He said: ``I  think the tragedy is that we have a Congress with a Senate that has a  minority of misguided senators who will use the filibuster to keep a  majority of people from even voting. They won't let the majority of  senators vote. And certainly they wouldn't want the majority of people  to vote, because they know they do not represent the majority of the  American people. In fact, they represent, in their own states, a very  small minority.''   Let's listen to Dr. King. Let's stop using the filibuster to kill  legislation to protect Americans' fundamental right to participate in  our democracy.   I yield the floor.    Two million.   