 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Takano for yielding and for  his leadership on this issue, which answers the call of our Nation's  veterans, their advocates, and our veterans service organizations.   I rise in support of the Honoring our PACT Act, which makes good on  this Nation's promise to veterans. It is well past the time that we  address the impacts of toxic exposure that have been endured by members  of our military. I am glad that we are taking meaningful, comprehensive  action today.   I am also pleased that this legislation includes a bill that I  introduced, the PFAS Registry Act. PFAS chemicals have contaminated the  environment and drinking water sources of hundreds of military bases  across the country, including Pease Air Force Base in my district.  These forever chemicals persist in the environment and the body and are  linked to serious health conditions, including cancer.   This provision will give military servicemembers and veterans access  to health information, research updates, and other resources to help  protect public health and provide relief to those who have been exposed  to PFAS.  [[Page H1233]]    The Honoring our PACT Act will help veterans already suffering from  the impacts of toxic exposure. We also must do more to reduce the risk  that more servicemembers will be exposed. That is why I have also  submitted an amendment that will require our government to proactively  raise awareness of the dangers of toxic exposure to Active Duty  personnel.   These provisions will require DOD and VA to create a strategy for  awareness and prevention that will protect Active Duty servicemembers  from harm and save lives.   Our men and women in uniform already face numerous threats to life  and limb for their service. We must minimize risks that environmental  and toxic hazards pose and provide the care, benefits, and support that  these veterans have earned. It is our solemn responsibility.   Mr. Speaker, I urge swift passage of my amendment as well as the  underlying legislation.   