 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of  H.R. 2142, legislation designating the Central Park Post Office in  Buffalo, New York, as the Indiana Hunt-Martin Post Office Building.   It is fitting that consideration of this bill celebrating the life  and service of an American trailblazer take place today during Black  History month and upon Women's History Month.   Born in 1922, Indiana Hunt-Martin moved to Niagara Falls as a child  and graduated from Niagara Falls High School before joining the Women's  Army Corps in 1944.   Following enlistment, she traveled by railroad to Fort Oglethorpe in  Georgia, where she underwent training.   She recalled encounters with segregation as she traveled south: a  train stop in Washington, D.C., where passengers were separated into  railcars based on race; separate restrooms and drinking fountains; and  fellow military members getting in trouble for refusing to sit in the  back of the bus.   Indiana Hunt-Martin was a member of the Six Triple Eight Central  Postal Directory Battalion within the Women's Army Corps, the first  Black female battalion and the only all-women battalion to be deployed  overseas.   The unit sorted and redirected millions of backlogged letters and  packages sent to soldiers, working around the clock to deliver  approximately 65,000 pieces of mail each shift.   Indiana Hunt-Martin served this Nation selflessly and was honorably  discharged from the United States Army on November 10, 1945.   After the war, she worked for the New York State Department of Labor  for 41 years, retiring in 1987.   In addition to serving her country, she served her community through  numerous veterans, church, and neighborhood organizations.   In 2014, we had the distinct privilege of presenting her with the  medals she earned while serving in the United States Army, including  the Women's Army Corps Service Medal, the European-African-Middle  Eastern Campaign Medal, the World War II Victory Medal, and the  Honorable Service Lapel award for her service during World War II.   The idea for this legislation was brought to us by Korean war veteran  Sandi Williams, who serves as president and founder of the United  Veterans of Buffalo.   The bill has the bipartisan support of the entire New York  congressional delegation, the Bennett-Wells American Legion Auxiliary  Post, the Johnetta R. Cole AMVETS Post, the Jesse Clipper American  Legion Post, and many others.   From 1978 until her passing, Indiana Hunt-Martin frequented the post  office on Manhattan Avenue in Buffalo weekly to purchase stamps, pick  up mail, and send letters.   There are post offices named for Presidents and famous celebrities,  but I might argue that there would be none more fitting than the one  paying tribute to the legacy of Indiana Hunt-Martin and her service to  our country.   I am proud to lead this effort, and I urge my colleagues to join me  in approving this legislation.   