 Madam Speaker, I want to start by thanking my remarkable  colleague for his courageous leadership, truly courageous leadership,  on this and so many other issues for the House of Representatives.   I rise today to celebrate and honor the LGBTQ+ community during Pride  Month.   As we uplift this diverse and resilient community, I would like to  use my time to spotlight the unique challenges faced by two important  groups: LGBTQ+ youth and LGBTQ+ veterans.   Today, a growing contingent of the Republican Party is scapegoating  LGBTQ+ youth and veterans through ignorant rhetoric and irresponsible  policies. Their words and actions are worsening an already devastating  mental health crisis among these kids.   Being a teenager is hard enough. You are finding your place, figuring  out who you are and what you want to do. Now imagine waking up each day  and hearing the people who are supposed to be leaders tearing you down,  villainizing who you are, all for political gain.   This is unconscionable, and it has real-life consequences.   The Trevor Project estimates that more than 1.8 million LGBTQ+ young  people attempt or seriously consider suicide every year in the United  States.   Another group whose challenges we don't talk about enough are LGBTQ+  veterans, who experience higher rates of depression and more frequent  thoughts of suicide than others.   I served with gay and bisexual great Americans in the Marines. For  years under ``Don't Ask, Don't Tell,'' one of my very good friends,  Joe, kept the fact that he is gay hidden so that he could put his life  on the line for our country in Iraq.   Then when he got out of the Marines, he came out of the closet. But a  year after that, in 2007, he got recalled to Active Duty. All he had to  do to avoid another deployment was to pick up the phone and say two  words to the Department of Defense: ``I'm gay.'' But he didn't. He  didn't want anyone to go in his place. So he went back into the closet  so that he could go back to the war, putting his life on the line again  for another tour.   Joe, like so many others in his shoes, chose to serve our country.  Yet, simply because of who they are, these patriots have dealt with  unforgivable discrimination. For many LGBTQ+ vets, the mental health  impacts are lifelong.   The scope of this mental health crisis is broad. We have come a long  way, but we are facing a moment where that progress is at risk of  moving backward instead of forward.   On July 16, we will take one big step forward when the 988 mental  health emergencies hotline goes live.   Just like dialing 911 during a medical emergency, every single  American will now have access to another easy-to-remember number.   This is just the first step. It is my hope that in the future,  dialing 988 will give LGBTQ+ people the option to speak with someone  who is specially trained to address the unique challenges faced by this  community. LGBTQ+ Americans need to know that they can have access to  the mental health resources they need just by picking up the phone.  Because every American should know, in a time of crisis, you are not  alone.   