 Mr. President, I rise today to remind our colleagues of  the incredible opportunity that we have before us today--incredible  opportunity that we have before us today.   Later today, this body, the U.S. Senate, will have the opportunity to  vote to ratify the Kigali Amendment to the Montreal Protocol.   What does that mean?   Kigali, as it is affectionately known, is a global treaty to phase  down the use of hydrofluorocarbons, also known own at HFCs. For years,  HFCs have been widely used as a key component that are called  refrigerants, but a key component in modern air conditioners, in  refrigerators, and other cooling products. Yet, the United States is  already transitioning away from using HFCs. We might want to ask, why?   Well, one reason is that American companies are at the forefront of  developing the next generation of coolant technology, the next  generation of refrigerants.   This transition away from HFCs is expected to stimulate literally  billions of dollars in economic investment in this country--billions of  dollars; create tens of thousands of jobs; and significantly increase  U.S. exports, all using technology developed in this country--all by  using technology developed in this country; putting Americans to work,  using technologies developed by Americans.   Now, first, some history on how we got here.   HFCs came about to replace ozone-depleting substances, which created  a hole in our ozone layer. I said to some of my colleagues yesterday at  a luncheon where we were, Mr. President, that I first remember hearing  about the hole in the ozone, I think, when I was in the Navy overseas,  and reading about it in Time and Newsweek that I got in the mail while  we were deployed and saying: I wonder what this is all about. What  could be causing that? It turned out to be a big deal and one that  still plays out today in the debate before us as well.  [[Page S4888]]    But in 1988, this very body, the U.S. Senate, voted unanimously to  ratify the Montreal Protocol, an international agreement to phase out  ozone-depleting substances that was negotiated under President Ronald  Reagan's leadership.   Since then, the global consumption of ozone-depleting substances has  declined by--get this--by 97 percent, while our economy has continued  to grow.   Now, that is good news. That is really good news. But, unfortunately,  there is some bad news.   The HFCs that have been used for years now to replace the ozone- depleting substances have been found to also be bad for our  environment.   So in 2016, the global community got together and amended the  Montreal Protocol to also phase down HFCs, hydrofluorocarbons.   This is not the first time we have ratified an amendment to the  Montreal Protocol. The Kigali Amendment before us is the fifth  amendment to the Montreal Protocol ratified by the United States.   The Kigali Amendment was transmitted to the U.S. Senate on November  16, 2021--almost a year ago--300 days, in fact, ago. Each day that has  passed without ratification represents a further delay in supporting  American businesses, in supporting American workers, and in growing our  economic and national security interests and protecting our economic  and national security interests.   Thanks to American innovation, we now have HFC alternatives that are  cleaner and more energy efficient than HFCs. And the best part--here is  the best part: These cleaner, more efficient HFC alternatives are being  manufactured, as I said, right here, right here in the U.S. of A.   In recent years, the American industries' leadership on transitioning  away from HFCs created an excellent opportunity for bipartisan action  at the Federal level. And to that end, our friend and colleague Senator  Neely Kennedy and I introduced something called the AIM Act, the  bipartisan American Innovation and Manufacturing Act. That was in 2019.    Our bill proposed phasing down HFCs in our country by 85 percent over  15 years--not overnight, not in 1 year, not in 2 or 3 years but phasing  down by as much as 85 percent within 15 years, the same timeline as the  Kigali Amendment before us.   So 16 Democrats and 16 Republicans joined the AIM Act as cosponsors  with Senator Kennedy and myself. Additionally, a broad coalition of  organizations, from the National Association of Manufacturers to the  U.S. Chamber of Commerce to the American Chemistry Council, endorsed  our bill, along with a lot of other American companies.   In December 2020, the AIM Act became law under a divided Congress and  a Republican administration. It was a bipartisan win--a bipartisan win.  It was an American win as well.   Now it is time to build on that success. Now it is time to seize on  the opportunity before us and ratify the Kigali Amendment.   The Kigali Amendment is good for our economy. Implementing the AIM  Act, paired with ratification, will help generate nearly $40 billion of  new growth in investment in the U.S. economy by 2027.   It will also create roughly 150,000 American jobs--150,000 new  American jobs--and increase U.S. heating, ventilation, air- conditioning, and refrigeration exports across the world by at least 25  percent over that same time period.   In addition, Kigali ratification is good for consumers. As EPA's data  shows us, transitioning away from HFCs means average prices will be  lower for consumers--lower for consumers, not higher. Something I think  we all support in this body.   Ratifying Kigali will also build on our bipartisan success in the AIM  Act by allowing the Federal Government to better protect U.S. companies  from illegal dumping and smuggling of HFCs into our country from  adversaries like China.   And then, lastly, Kigali ratification will ensure U.S. companies  continue to have access to international markets so that modern,  efficient, economical air-conditioners and refrigerators across the  world will be stamped ``Made in America,'' not ``Made in China.''   So today, we, the U.S. Senate, have an opportunity to make that  vision a reality; to build on the decades-long bipartisan record of  success from the Montreal Protocol to the passage of the AIM Act a  couple of years ago; to show our Nation and to show the world yet  another time that bipartisan solutions are lasting solutions. This is a  bipartisan solution. This is a bipartisan solution, and it demands  bipartisan support.   I hope our colleagues will join Senator Kennedy and myself and many  of our colleagues, and, frankly, a whole ton of businesses across the  country and organizations who support what we are doing, and join us in  supporting the ratification of the Kigali Amendment.   Let's seize the day or, as we say in Delaware, ``Carper diem. Carper  diem.''   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I want to thank our leader for his  leadership.   None of this would have happened without your leadership. I want to  thank your staff.   I want to thank the relative respective staffs on our side here and  the Senators especially on the Environment and Public Works Committee.   I want to especially thank our friend John Neely Kennedy from  Louisiana, who has been a great partner, and his staff and other folks  on the other side of the aisle.   My mother used to say to my sister and me when we were kids, she  would say that things happen in threes. I remember she would say things  happen in threes, and given what the leader just said, I am thinking  about threes and especially with respect to making sure that this  planet is going to be around for our children and grandchildren.   But if you go back to the bipartisan infrastructure bill signed into  law roughly 10 months ago by the President, we did a whole lot there,  you will  [[Page S4899]]  recall, with respect to roads, highways, bridges, water, wastewater,  water infrastructure, flood control. But that legislation had the  largest--at that point the largest climate title that we had ever put  in a bill of any consequence here in the U.S. Senate. That is No. 1.   No. 2 would be the IRA, the Inflation Reduction Act, that was signed  into law just last month by the President and championed by any number  of folks, including our colleague from West Virginia, Joe Manchin. I  want to thank him and the majority leader for their good work. That was  No. 2 because the investments, the clean energy investments we make in  the Inflation Reduction Act, are just extraordinary--extraordinary.   Then, today, to pass the Kigali Amendment to the Montreal Protocol-- people might be wondering, who are watching, and say: What in the world  is that? And I will just walk you back in time.   People might remember that I was a naval flight officer in the  Vietnam war, and near the end of the Vietnam war, maybe after I had  moved to Delaware, I remember hearing something about speculation about  a hole in the ozone and there might be a hole in the ozone. At first,  people dismissed it. I dismissed it. But over time, the concerns  persisted, and the hole in the ozone grew and grew.   Somewhere along about 1985, some updated scientific information,  evidence, emerged that said there is a hole in the ozone, and it is  big, and it is getting bigger.   Our President at the time, as I recall, was not a Democrat; he was a  Republican--Ronald Reagan. Under his leadership, we as a nation joined  in the Montreal Protocol. It was finalized in 1987, where we actually  say that what is happening here is exactly clear, and what that is, is  there is a hole in the ozone. It was being created by materials that  are in our air-conditioners or refrigerators and our coolers. We call  them refrigerants, and when they leaked out of the air-conditioners,  refrigerators, and coolers, they actually created the hole in the  ozone.   So the question is, Do we have to give up our refrigerators, our air- conditioners, our coolers, our freezers? Do we have to give those up in  order to take care and address the hole in the ozone? As it turns out,  we did not, but what we had to do was replace something called CFCs,  chlorofluorocarbons, which were refrigerants at the time and  contributed to the hole in the ozone. What we had to do was replace  those CFCs with something new. Science and the scientists came up with  that something new. What they came up with was not CFC plus 2; they  came up with HFCs, hydrofluorocarbons.   What I know about chemistry you can fit on a fairly small thumbnail,  but HFCs came along, and, guess what, the hole in the ozone started  getting smaller. We stayed cool. The air-conditioners worked, freezers  worked, refrigerators worked, and the hole in the ozone started getting  cooler.   What didn't get cooler was our planet because HFCs, as Senator  Schumer suggested, are about 1,000 times worse than carbon dioxide with  respect to global warming. We finally have realized that, and the  question is, Can we do anything about it? If so, can we do it to make  sure we stay cool or cold, if you will, and at the same time address  climate change?   Some people say: You know, we can't do good things for this planet or  we can't clean the air, clean the water, address the climate change,  and create jobs and economic opportunity. But, as Senator Schumer  suggested, that is just not true. This is sort of like having our cake  and eating it, too, because we can create jobs.   A lot of them we are talking about creating with the phasedown of  HFCs and for the next 15 years talking about creating literally tens of  thousands of jobs not in some other country but here. We are talking  about creating these jobs using technology developed here, and we are  talking about the ability to export this technology and sell products  using this technology all over the place.   I forget exactly what the economic value is from these activities,  but it is in the tens of billions of dollars here, with American  technology, created by American workers. Who wouldn't be for that? Who  wouldn't be for that?   Some of our Republican colleagues offered an amendment today. Senator  Lee and, I think, Senator Sullivan joined together on an amendment. I  think most of us voted for that, and it has been adopted and added to  this package.   The other thing I would mention is that about a month ago, you may  recall, we stayed up all night during a vote-arama, working on the  reconciliation legislation that led to the IRA, the Inflation Reduction  Act.   I remember the next day going home. I was just dog-tired. I went home  on the train and got off the train, and before I went home, I drove to  Wawa, which is a convenience store. We love Wawa. They are all up and  down the east coast, especially in Delaware. I stopped at Wawa to get a  cup of coffee. I got a small cup of coffee and went to the cash  register, the cashier, to pay for it, and the lady at the cash register  said: Your money is no good here.   I said: No, no. I want to pay. I want to pay for it.   She said: No, no. I am mindful of what you have been up all night  doing. Your money is no good here.   I said: Could I get a larger cup of coffee?   She said: No, but your money is no good here.   She also went to say--she said: I have a son. I have a daughter. I  want to make sure they grow up on a planet that is fit to grow up on  and that they can grow old on.   I think that is a sentiment that almost any father or mother or  grandfather or grandparent would feel and have. I would just say to  them today: I know sometimes you look at what is going on here and our  inability to work together. We have come together. We have come  together on something that is extremely important for us, my  generation, but even more important, for those who follow us.    Bipartisan solutions are lasting solutions. This is a good bipartisan  solution, and for everybody who has been a part of this, I want to  thank you. I want to convey our thanks as well to the President and his  administration for their help in getting this done.   This is a day, as my colleague from Delaware, Congresswoman Lisa  Blunt Rochester, would say--she would say: This is a day the Lord hath  made. Let us rejoice and be glad in it.   Amen.   I yield the floor.   