 Madam President, we all know that Congress has a  constitutional responsibility to ensure that the executive branch  executes the laws and uses taxpayers' money appropriately in accordance  with congressional intent. It doesn't matter whether we have a  Republican President, a Democratic President, a Republican Senate, or a  Democratic Senate. We all have the constitutional responsibility of  checking the executive branch.   In furtherance of that constitutional responsibility, Congress has an  obligation to investigate the executive branch for fraud, for waste,  for abuse, and even gross mismanagement.   And if Congress finds potential wrongdoing, we have an obligation to  the American people to make sure that it is public because transparency  of the public's business brings accountability to those who conduct  that public business.    Last week, I made public two oversight letters that I have sent to  the Justice Department and to the FBI. These two letters are part of my  investigation into a political bias that is infecting the Department of  Justice and the FBI.   These letters are based on information provided to my office by  whistleblowers, and I hope everybody knows that I consider  whistleblowers as patriots. And whistleblowers have to have guts, and  they do have guts.   And Director Wray has personally told me that these whistleblowers  won't be subject to retaliation, as often, whistleblowers in the  Federal Government are subject to retaliation, hurting themselves  professionally and maybe even losing their jobs.   Now, these letters that I sent follow up on a May 31, 2022, letter to  the Justice Department, the FBI, and the inspector general.   In those letters, I provided evidence of extreme leftwing bias shown  by a special agent in charge by the name of Tim Thibault. He is special  agent in charge of the FBI's Washington field office.   Now, he has since been referred to the Office of Special Counsel for  potential Hatch Act violations. Thibault is at the center of my two  letters sent last week. The first letter relates to an FBI  investigation that Thibault opened on the Trump campaign and its  advisers. He allegedly had help from Richard Pilger, an official in the  Justice Department's Election Crime Branch within the Public Integrity  Section. During Chairman Durbin's investigation into the Justice  Department misconduct, Pilger really stood out.   The committee interviewed Richard Donoghue, the former Principal  Associate Deputy Attorney General during the Trump administration. He  was also a key January 6 Committee witness. Donoghue testified to the  Judiciary Committee that Pilger's conduct frustrated the Department's  ability to properly operate the Elections Crime Branch.   Thibault and Pilger played a major role in opening the criminal  investigation into the Trump campaign. And this isn't a preliminary  investigation; it is a full investigation, which requires heightened  standards to go forward with that investigation.   According to the whistleblowers that contacted my office, the opening  memo for that investigation is based, in substantial part, on liberal  news reporting. Liberal news reports are not enough for a full  investigation. The Washington Post reported on the investigation last  Tuesday. However, the Post did not report that Thibault and Pilger were  involved in opening that case against Trump and his advisers. Yet  Attorney General Garland and Director Wray allegedly approved opening  those investigations.   Now, as I have said in my letter to those two people, if you are  going to open an investigation, you have to do it in the right way.   So let's contrast this investigation with what the FBI has done with  the information received from sources relating to Hunter Biden.  Whistleblowers have told my office that the FBI maintains many sources  that have provided extensive information on Hunter Biden. That  information allegedly involves potential criminal activity, such as  money laundering. That is the same criminal concern that Senator  Johnson and I raised in our 2020 Biden report. To clarify, that was way  back in 2020. According to the whistleblowers' allegations, the  underlying information was verified and was verifiable.   Now, here is where it is appropriate to raise questions about  politics and political interference in investigations. However, instead  of green-lighting the investigative activity, the FBI shut down the  Hunter investigation.   So, now, how did they do that? According to allegations, in August  2020, FBI Supervisory Intelligence Analyst Brian Auten opened an  assessment. That assessment was used by the FBI officials to improperly  discredit Hunter Biden's information as you know what? Disinformation.  Those officials allegedly included Thibault.   Then, in October 2020, an avenue of additional Hunter reporting was  ordered closed at the direction of Special Agent Thibault. It has been  alleged that Thibault and others suggested to FBI agents that the  information was at risk of being you know what? Disinformation.  However, according to allegations, the source reporting was either  verified or verifiable via criminal search warrants.   Thibault allegedly ordered the matter closed without providing a  valid reason as required by FBI guidelines. In other words, Thibault  shut down an allegedly legitimate avenue of information. So in order to  shut down Hunter Biden sources and investigative leads, the FBI engaged  in a disinformation campaign against itself and its own agents. If  these allegations are true and accurate, the Justice Department and the  FBI are and have been substantially corrupted.   Before I conclude, I want to know four things regarding the summer of  2020. Yes, the summer of 2020: The opening of Auten's assessment in  August 2020; secondly, efforts by the FBI officials to shut down Hunter  Biden's investigative activity; third, efforts by the FBI to provide a  really unnecessary briefing to me and Senator Johnson in August of  2020--that reading was purportedly about our Biden investigation, but  it had nothing to do with the Biden investigation--fourth, and lastly,  leaks relating to the briefing and the liberal media and Democrats  falsely accusing me and Senator Johnson of advancing Russian  information.    All of those four data points happened as Senator Johnson and I  prepared to finalize our September 2020 Biden report. These data points  show a plan was in place at the FBI to undermine anything related to  Hunter Biden.   Attorney General Garland and Director Wray, you both have an  obligation to the country to immediately investigate these allegations  and to clean house.   And my oversight work on this and related matters will certainly  continue.   