 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am here today to talk about the  escalating aggression by Russia against Ukraine, an ally and a  sovereign country whose territorial integrity is once again under  attack. In our generation, this is where the fight for freedom is being  held; this is where it is being waged. It is going to affect not just  Ukraine and Eastern Europe but countries all over the world, depending  on the outcome.    Today, I am going to address what I think the appropriate role is for  us as Americans, what more we can do to help avoid what could become an  international disaster and a humanitarian crisis.   Russia is the aggressor here, having invaded Ukraine twice in the  past 8 years, illegally annexing Crimea, inserting troops and offensive  military weaponry into the Donbas region of Ukraine, initiating cyber  attacks against public and private entities in Ukraine, and using  disinformation to try to destabilize the democratically elected  Government of Ukraine.   Now they have gone further by amassing more than 100,000 troops under  the command of 100 tactical groups on Russia's Ukrainian border. This  Russian deployment includes rockets and tanks and artillery and is no  longer just on the eastern border of Ukraine, but it is now across the  borders, including the northern border, where Russian combat troops and  heavy equipment have gone into Belarus. And on the Belarus-Ukrainian  border, a Russian presence is being felt. It is also in Crimea and in  the Black Sea area, where Russia is taking advantage of their illegal  annexation to move troops in those areas close to Ukraine.   I will give you a little history about how we got here. Eight years  ago, the people of Ukraine made a clear choice. They stood up to a  Russian-backed, corrupt government in 2014 and made a conscious  decision to turn to the West, to the European Union, to us, the United  States of America.   I was in Ukraine in 2014, shortly after what is called the  Euromaidan, also the Revolution of Dignity. The barricades were still  there. And in the center of town, the Maidan, in Kyiv, was occupied  still by Ukrainian patriots, insisting that Ukraine chart its own  course. The Ukrainian people had rejected authoritarianism and,  instead, embraced freedom, embraced democracy, freedom of speech,  freedom to gather, freedom for the respect of law, respect for the  judicial institutions in the country, and free markets.   Now, have they stumbled along the way sometimes with regard to  reforms, including of the judicial system? Yes, of course. Most  fledgling democracies do; all of them do. But they have made tremendous  progress, and they are on their way toward becoming what they wanted to  become at the time 8 years ago--again, this Revolution of Dignity that  is called the Euromaidan--more like a Western European or Eastern  European country that is part of the EU.   Despite Russia's unrelenting efforts to destabilize Ukraine over the  past 8 years, the people of Ukraine have remained committed to this  independent, sovereign, and democratic principle, that vision.   And Ukrainians today are actually increasingly patriotic and opposed  to the Russian efforts to destabilize their country. According to  polling data, this sentiment is especially true among young people,  which makes sense because they have tasted the fruits of freedom--free  enterprise, the ability to express themselves, the ability to connect  with the rest of the free world. They don't want state control. They  don't want repression. They don't want fear. Instead, they want liberty  and prosperity.   Moscow and Russia would have the world believe that somehow this  massive, unwarranted Russian buildup is about trying to shore up its  border against threats from Ukraine and from NATO, the North Atlantic  Treaty Organization. Nothing could be further from the truth, of  course. This is patently false. Ukraine's military posture has always  been defensive. Unlike Russia, Ukraine has upheld its commitments under  the Minsk agreements, which were designed to ensure a cease-fire in the  Donbas region, the eastern part of Ukraine. NATO, of course, is  defensive. It is not an offensive group and is no threat to Russian  territorial integrity.   My hope is that Congress can come together this week--Republicans,  Democrats, Senate, and House--and issue a strong message to the people  of Ukraine that we stand with them in their fight for freedom; to  Russia that if they choose to invade, the armed conflict will carry a  heavy cost, and the sanctions that would result from that would be  devastating; and then to the world that the United States stands with  its allies, not just in Eastern Europe but throughout the freedom- loving countries of the world.   I am hoping Congress will pass an extensive sanctions package,  including increased security funding for Ukraine, more resources for  cyber security, and funding for the Global Engagement Center at the  U.S. State Department to help push back on Russian disinformation.   I want to say a word about our allies. In many respects, I believe  that what Vladimir Putin has done by these aggressive actions we talked  about is to strengthen the transatlantic alliance,  [[Page S432]]  including those countries that are part of NATO, and go beyond that,  countries in other parts of the world that understand that this is  about the cause of freedom. So many have stepped up. Denmark is  providing F-16 jets to nearby Lithuania. Spain is sending ships to join  a NATO fleet. France is getting ready to send troops to Romania, they  say. The United Kingdom has sent anti-tank weapons directly to Kyiv and  supported Ukraine in so many ways.   When I was in Ukraine recently, I was there to see a cargo plane  unload anti-tank weapons from the UK to Ukraine. And recently, the  United States has not just increased our military assistance to Ukraine  to help it defend itself, but also we have placed 8,500 of our troops  on heightened alert to go to be with our NATO allies in the region in  Eastern Europe. They, of course, welcome that.   Ukraine, by the way, has never asked for U.S. troops or NATO troops  to defend Ukraine. They have asked for help to be able to defend  themselves. And that is an important distinction.   On the Russian pipeline to Europe called Nord Stream--I think it was  a bad idea before all this started and I think it is even a worse idea  now--Russia provides Germany with roughly one-third of their natural  gas supply already, a dependency that will increase substantially with  the activation of the Nord Stream 2 Pipeline.   Let's not forget, this multimillion-dollar pipeline is one that this  body, the U.S. Senate, chose not to impose sanctions on just a few  weeks ago after we had already done so once before on a bipartisan  basis. I will say the vote last week was not 60 votes, but it was a  majority of this body voting to impose sanctions because, again, the  Nord Stream 2 Pipeline is a bad idea in terms of the dependency of  Europe on Russia.   Once the pipeline is complete, it will supply a lot of Russian gas to  Germany, the rest of Europe, and Russia will use it as a political  weapon. We have seen this. This is no surprise that they would do it.  They did in it in Moldova, and of course they have done it in Ukraine.   Even today, German prices are being affected by what Russia decides  is appropriate. Germany has told us privately that they are willing to  shut down the pipeline if Russia invades Ukraine, but they should say  so publicly and clearly.   I am also concerned about Germany's resistance to approving arms  sales to Ukraine. Again, Ukraine just wants the help to be able to  defend itself. A great example of this is some artillery pieces that  were made in East Germany decades ago. Those artillery pieces, those  howitzers, are now in the hands of the Estonians. The Estonians want to  provide these weapons to the Ukrainians. The Ukrainians want them. Even  though they are older howitzers, they need them. They need the  artillery. And yet, because they were made in Germany--in East  Germany--decades ago, under the licensing agreement, Germany has to  approve Estonia sending Ukraine these weapons they so desperately need.  That approval has not been forthcoming.   To me, this is outrageous that Ukraine is not receiving the weapons  it needs because another country that is part of the NATO alliance is  saying that they are not going to approve the transfer. I hope that  will change. I hope very soon we will see that transfer approved.   Germany, by the way, might say--as I have heard from some, and I have  had conversations about this with them--that they don't like to send  weapons into hot spots. Well, they are certainly happy to send weapons  into the Middle East. In fact, last year, as I understand it, it was  their largest year ever of exports of military weapons made in Germany  to other countries, including to countries like Egypt, as an example.   So we need to be sure that we are doing all we can to avoid Russia  making this terrible mistake. And a big part of this should be all the  countries in the region, certainly our NATO allies, standing up and  providing military assistance to Ukraine and making clear that if  something happens, that the consequences will be devastating because of  sanctions.   The cost of freedom in Eastern Europe is at stake here, but so is,  really, the stability of all of Europe. The Ukrainian officials  themselves have talked about this. The Foreign Minister, Foreign  Minister Kuleba, whom I met with recently in Ukraine, stated that  Germany is taking a stance that ``does not correspond with the level of  our relations and the current security situation.''   I agree.   People listening may be wondering: Why should the United States get  engaged here? Why is this Senator from Ohio passionate about this?   Well, first, in Ohio, we have a lot of Ukrainians I have gotten to  know over the years, and it is not just about the Ukrainian Americans  in Ohio; it is about people from all over that part of the world-- Central Europe, Eastern Europe, certainly the Baltics, Lithuania,  Latvia. The people whom I talk to tell me that this is, again, a  seminal moment, not just in the history of Ukraine, but in the history  of our world because, again, it is the fight for freedom being played  out right before our eyes. These nationality groups, including, of  course, the Ukrainian Americans, are deeply concerned that this  continued aggression unchecked will lead to other countries, including  the Baltics, including Poland and others, being subject to the same  kind of pressure from Russia.   But it is also because I believe what happens in Ukraine does affect  the cause of freedom more broadly. Countries all over the world are  watching. Authoritarian countries are watching. Democratically elected  countries are watching. And they are wondering, in the 21st century,  are we going to allow something like this to occur, when one country  looks to another and says that I want that country so I am going to  invade and take that land?   Again, until we had the invasion of Crimea only 8 years ago, this  hadn't happened in almost 80 years since World War II on the continent  of Europe.    This is something that countries are watching to get a message to see  whether the United States is going to continue to be the country that  joins with others, including our NATO alliance but a much broader group  of freedom-loving countries to stand up for the cause of freedom and to  stand up for the right of a sovereign country to be able to protect its  own borders.   I recently joined a bipartisan delegation led by me and my good  friend Senator Jeanne Shaheen. Senator Murphy, who is on the floor  tonight, was also with us. We personally met with President Zelensky.  We also met with four or five other Cabinet officials, including the  Secretary of Defense. We talked about the U.S. commitment to provide  military assistance to ensure Ukraine can defend itself and deter the  threat. If you talk to these individuals and you talk to the military  officials we talked to and the commanders--and I have also been to the  line of contact, where this hot water is going on with Russia even  today in the Donbas region. I have been there. I have talked to the  troops. You will see that there is a commitment, a strong commitment by  the Ukrainians to defend themselves. They get that this is a critical  time in their history.   We tried to send a clear message on a bipartisan basis. I believe we  did. I believe that this time--this time--unlike 2014, when, frankly,  Ukraine and the world wasn't ready, that the situation is very  different. The military is prepared. The people of Ukraine have a  strong sense of nationalism and a deep patriotism and they will fight  and this will be a bloody conflict that we all want to avoid.   The other thing I will say about Ukraine is they are our friends.  They are our allies. They share our values. When the United States was  looking for help in Iraq and Afghanistan, some NATO partners came  through, but so did Ukraine. Ukrainian troops were shoulder to shoulder  with American troops during some very tough situations in those  countries. These are our friends. This is a country that has allied  with us because they believe that that is the best future for the  Ukrainian people.   It is time for us to stand with them in response to this unwarranted  and unprovoked Russian aggression. My hope is that Congress will act on  a bipartisan and bicameral basis--the House and Senate, Republicans and  Democrats--and send a strong message to Russia that would avoid a  bloody conflict, deter them from taking the  [[Page S433]]  actions that they are contemplating and making a terrible mistake, but  also that we would send a strong message to the people of Ukraine to  give them strength during this time, and, finally, a message to the  global community that the lamp of freedom will not be extinguished.   I yield the floor.   