 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, as 2022 gets underway, working  Americans and their families are facing a steady stream of significant  challenges: the fastest growing inflation in almost 40 years; violent  crime rates continue to rise, with many of our largest cities setting  new alltime records for murders; a southern border that remains in  crisis; a new highly contagious variant of the virus that President  Biden promised he would personally crush; too few tests and too slow  new treatments on this administration's watch; and another rolling wave  of school shutdowns, as Big Labor bosses continue to make hostages out  of children's futures over a virus that leaves children largely-- largely--unharmed.   Late last year, one poll asked Americans about the most important  problems facing the country. Some were most worried about the high cost  of living. Others said, not surprisingly, the pandemic. One-fifth of  respondents, the most by far, said the biggest issue was poor  leadership--at a time when the Democratic Party controls the entire  government.   But do you know what wasn't on the list of concerns? It wasn't there  at all--the fictional, scary stories the liberal activists keep  repeating about how democracy is at death's door. The November 2020  election had the highest turnout in 120 years. Ninety-four percent of  voters said voting was easy. Only 33 percent of Americans say it is  currently too hard for eligible voters to vote. And a larger number  than that actually say current laws are too loose--too loose.   The American people are not buying this nonsensical talk of ``Jim  Crow 2.0'' or a voting rights crisis. Everybody, apart from leftwing  activists and the press, understands this emperor has no clothes at  all.  [[Page S28]]    A few months ago, even voters in blue New York rejected multiple  ballot measures to soften up election laws the way liberal activists  prefer. This fake outrage is just a predicate for Washington Democrats  to do something they have sought to do literally for years: appoint  themselves a nationwide board of elections on steroids.   This is the takeover that Democrats have sought for multiple years,  using multiple different justifications. It is not a voting rights  bill. It is a sprawling, sweeping takeover of our democracy. Our  colleagues' bill would do things like forcing all 50 States--all of  them--to legalize corrupt ballot harvesting. They would have the  government send public funds directly to political campaigns.   The same Attorney General who has frivolously sued Texas just to  placate the White House, whose Department of Justice tries to  intimidate parents, would be handed new power to micromanage election  law.   Some early drafts of this bill tried to literally, openly turn the  Federal Election Commission into an outright partisan body. Talk about  tipping your hand.   These changes wouldn't bolster faith in our democracy or in our  institutions. It would do exactly the opposite. It would be a civic  wrecking ball. And, listen, that is before you consider that Senate  Democrats want to destroy our own institution to ram this through.   The current Senate Democratic leader once said that nuking filibuster  rules would be a ``doomsday for democracy.'' Just a few years ago, more  than 30 Senate Democrats joined a bipartisan letter supporting the  legislative filibuster.   President Biden defended the principle in long, passionate speeches  throughout his entire career. Just last year, as President, he repeated  that destroying the filibuster would ``throw the entire Congress into  chaos.'' He certainly was right about that.   There is no partial or limited nuclear option on the table. As the  Senator for West Virginia put it yesterday, whenever you start talking  about carving things out, you end up eating the entire turkey.   No party that would trash the Senate's legislative traditions can be  trusted to seize control over election laws all across America. Nobody  who is this desperate to take over our democracy on a one-party basis  can be allowed to do it.   Finally, it is beyond distasteful for some of our colleagues to ham- fistedly invoke the January 6 anniversary to advance these aims.  Washington Democrats have been trying to seize control over elections  for years. Their first draft of the legislation at hand was introduced  in January of 2019. The fact that violent criminals broke the law does  not entitle Senate Democrats to break the Senate.   It is surreal to hear sitting Senators invoke January the 6th to  justify--listen to this--to justify breaking rules to grab outcomes  they have not earned.   I am going to say that again. It is surreal to hear sitting Senators  invoke January the 6th to justify breaking the rules to grab outcomes  they have not earned.   It is surreal to hear sitting Senators invoke January the 6th to  argue that institutions can be trampled because they would like a  different result.   A year ago, the Senate didn't bend and it didn't break. We held  strong. It is jaw-dropping for colleagues to propose to commemorate  that by breaking the Senate themselves in a different way.   A year ago, there was a lot of talk on this floor about protecting  the norms and institutions of our democracy by putting long-term  bipartisan traditions ahead of short-term partisan power. Someday soon,  it appears, we may learn which of us, actually, really meant it.   