 Mr. President, I rise to discuss the nomination of Musetta  Tia Johnson, who is nominated to be a judge on the U.S. Court of  Appeals for the Armed Forces, the senior appellate court for the  military, with exclusive jurisdiction over the Uniform Code of Military  Justice.   Ms. Johnson was favorably reported out of the committee on April 5,  2022, and has been pending on the Senate calendar ever since. I am  unaware of any objection to her nomination with respect to her  qualifications to be a judge on this appellate court.   When confirmed, Miss Johnson will be one of five judges on the Court  of Appeals for the Armed Forces, often referred to as the supreme court  of military law. This court, which is composed of civilian appellate  judges, has been operating without its full quota of confirmed judges  for this entire judicial session, where it considered important  jurisdictional and substantive military criminal law issues.   Importantly, the fiscal year 2022 National Defense Authorization Act  implemented extensive changes to the UCMJ, including a statute that  would criminalize sexual harassment under some circumstances. Ms.  Johnson will play a critical role on the court of appeals in reviewing  challenges and issues with the recent sexual assault and sexual  harassment statutes, including defendants' rights under the UCMJ.  Without Ms. Johnson, the court risks deadlock, which will further  hamper the military's ability to maintain good order and discipline.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate consider the  following nomination: Calendar No. 861, Musetta Tia Johnson to be a  judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces for a term of  15 years; that the Senate vote on the nomination without intervening  action or debate; and that, if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table and the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Retaining my time, Mr. President, I disagree, obviously,  with the Senator from Missouri.   The Senate Armed Services Committee has had extensive oversight on  Afghanistan. The committee actions include seven public and closed  hearings regarding the Afghan war, lessons learned, and ongoing  regional counterterrorism requirements since the withdrawal last  August. Senator Hawley had the opportunity to participate in each of  these hearings.   The fiscal year 2022 National Defense Authorization Act contained a  provision that mandated that the Department of Defense deliver  quarterly briefings in both unclassified and classified form on the  security situation in Afghanistan and ongoing counterterrorism efforts.  The classified briefings have taken place on January 20, April 14, and  July 21. The unclassified briefings have taken place on February 14 and  April 25. Most recently, on October 19, the committee held unclassified  and classified briefings, and Senator Hawley has full access to these  briefings.   The fiscal year 2022 National Defense Authorization Act also  contained a provision, section 1069, which requires the yearly  assessment of our ``over the horizon'' counter-terrorism capabilities  in Afghanistan. The committee has received the first installment, and  this, too, is accessible to all members of the committee.   The fiscal year 2022 NDAA further mandated the establishment of the  Afghanistan War Commission, which will spend several years examining  all aspects of the 20-year war in depth. Let me emphasize--the 20-year  war in depth. All the Commissioners have been appointed. We expect the  Commission to commence work in the near term.   I note that Senator Hawley indicated that beginning in 2020 there  were reports that military leaders were warning of possible  complications. That was during the term of President Trump.   I think also one of the issues that has to be looked at is the  release of 5,000 Taliban fighters at the direction of President Trump  and over the objections of the Afghan Government. Were they at Abbey  Gate? Were they the leading forces who were moving in and surrounding  Kabul?   This situation requires a long, detailed study. To focus on one event  will create headlines but not information or knowledge that we can  bring forward. The factors contributing to Abbey Gate were long in the  making, and unless we look at those factors over time, unless we look  at the whole operation, I don't think we are going to get the kinds of  insights we need.   So I respectfully disagree with Senator Hawley's objection, and I  hope we can find a way to confirm Ms. Johnson.   With that, I yield the floor.   