 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from the State of  Virginia (Mr. Good) for helping host this Special Order and being here  in my absence.   Oftentimes, I think that we make this partisan. Republicans are seen  or characterized as unempathetic or uncaring in the face of so many  tragedies. Of course, it couldn't be further from the truth. We are  empathetic. Our hearts break just like everyone else's.   But we recognize that in this imperfect Union that seeks to be more  perfect every single day, with every single action, that the right to  defend oneself, the right to bear arms, is enshrined in the founding  documents, the founding documents that we all take an oath to uphold  and defend.   We don't just dismiss that like it doesn't exist. We understand that,  unfortunately, there are evil people in the world and that this right  exists, given to us by God, outlined in our Constitution, so that we  can then defend ourselves from any assailant, from any attacker,  because we have the God-given rights of liberty and of life. We have  that.   We seek some kind of protection for ourselves that also protects our  God-given rights but doesn't allow the criminals to prevail upon us in  our homes, in our businesses, and on the streets.   Yet, right now, while Americans are suffering the worst cost of  living in 40 years--I know the administration doesn't want to talk  about it. Right now, violent crime is up 30 percent, an unprecedented  rate, not told to us by Scott Perry or  Bob Good or Ralph Norman, but  by our FBI, an unprecedented rise in violent crime.   Right now, right down the hall, instead of dealing with the rise in  crime; instead of dealing with the fact that DAs, supported by the  extreme radical left, are letting criminals out on the street; not  dealing with the issue that millions of people are flowing across our  border, certainly laced with a certain criminal element with no regard  to American laws coming across our border; notwithstanding the fact  that some of the people that lead our country at the highest levels  bailed out violent criminals and paid for their bail to be on the  street to then assault and assail their neighbors, that is all  happening right now.   Down the hall, as we speak, our colleagues on the left are trying to  reinstitute the assault weapon ban, the assault weapon ban that they  know, since 1994, when it was instated then, did absolutely nothing to  solve this problem.   Because they don't really care about crime--they don't care at all.  We are  [[Page H6919]]  seen as unempathetic. Meanwhile, every city, every weekend across the  country, is like a war zone. You would actually be safer in a war zone.  I know. I have actually been to a couple of them. You would actually be  safer in a war zone than downtown Chicago, St. Louis, Detroit, or New  Orleans.   But they are down the hall working on a solution that doesn't fix  anything. It doesn't fix a thing. It takes our rights away and doesn't  solve anything.   We are here because we believe that Americans have the right to  defend themselves, to be free, and to be safe in their homes. We are  here as Freedom Caucus members to say that we do stand with the  Constitution. We actually believe in our oath. We think that we can do  both. We think that we can defend ourselves and stop most criminals'  violent activities.   But there have to be consequences. What you are seeing right now  across the country are the consequences of not holding people  accountable. That is what you are seeing right now, violent criminals  being let out on the street over and over again. The message being sent  by this administration and our colleagues on the other side of the  aisle is it is okay. It is okay to just do that. It is okay to commit  any crime you want.   Heck, there was a gentleman in New York minding his store. He was  attacked. He defended himself. Unfortunately, the attacker's life was  taken. What did the district attorney do? He charged the man who  defended himself with murder. That sends a signal to every criminal  that it is okay to commit your crimes.   Mr. Speaker, it is not okay. This solution is not going to solve  anything except disarming law-abiding citizens, meanwhile knowing that  the criminals that are willing to disregard the law and use the weapon  to kill somebody are certainly going to disregard the law and maintain  that weapon when you tell all law-abiding citizens that they must turn  theirs in.   Mr. Speaker, this cannot stand. We are here today to say that no  matter what happens down the hall, no matter what vote they bring out  of that partisan-led committee to disarm America, we will oppose it  with every fiber of our being. We will oppose it.   Even if we lose on this round, in 6 months, when we are in the  majority around here, if they were to be successful in imposing this  confiscation on American citizens, the confiscation of not only the  rights to life but the rights to self-defense, we will reinstate them.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Good) for  carrying the load for us here.    Mr. Faulkner was killed in Philadelphia by Mumia Abu- Jamal, and all they usually ask me about that is: What are we going to  do to get that killer out of prison?    Right.    Mr. Speaker, my good friend from Virginia is absolutely  right. That is our duty here.   People think that the Federal Government maybe is supposed to provide  so many things. I am sure that every one of us has different visitors  that come in and ask us what the Federal Government can provide for  them.   What this government was set up for by our Founders--and,  unfortunately, many of our citizens don't know it--is to provide us  with the rights that have been given to us by God and to defend them.  That is what we are supposed to be doing here.   Right down the hall, it is not about making sure that we maintain our  rights to defend ourselves, to maintain the rights that everybody in  that room swore an oath in the Constitution to uphold and defend. They  are actually looking to strip the very people that are law-abiding, the  very people that would follow the law, would purchase the weapon  legally, would file the paperwork and do everything that is required in  their States. Those are the people that they wish to disarm.   They are not in there talking about stopping criminals. They are not  talking about stopping criminals. They are talking about stopping law- abiding citizens who are trying to defend themselves when somebody  breaks into their home at night or their store or prevails upon them on  the street when they are out with their children or, heaven forbid, our  citizens dare to travel to one of these cities anymore.   I represent a company in my district called Starbucks. Their CEO is  closing stores all across the northwest of our country because of  safety. People want to go to Starbucks. They can't because it is not  going to be there anymore, not because of sales, but because of safety.   If that is not a sign of a sickness--and the CEO of Starbucks, I  don't know that he thinks that the answer is an assault weapons ban.  Maybe he does. But I haven't heard of the Starbucks being held up by an  assault weapon.   Every single week, every single weekend, people are killed in major  cities, horrific violence, perpetrated whether it is with a knife or  whether it is with a handgun. But it is the people that do it. These  are inanimate objects. Great Britain banned handguns a long time ago  and is now considering banning knives because knife attacks are on the  increase.  [[Page H6920]]    Our country has a sickness, and we are sympathetic to it. But taking  the tool away doesn't address the sickness. Unfortunately, our  colleagues on the other side of the aisle are so focused on the firearm  that they can't even see past the fact that they are disavowing their  oath to the Constitution.    Mr. Speaker, the right to defend ourselves. Mr. Good and  I, our colleagues on this side of the aisle, we haven't voted to defund  the police. We support law enforcement.   Even though we support fully law enforcement, here is what we know:  When someone breaks into your home and you pick up your phone, it is  going to take a certain amount of time, unless law enforcement is  sitting out in your driveway. You are going to have to do something  about it at that moment.   What our colleagues on the other side of the aisle right now are  telling us is: No, you are not going to have any opportunity. You are  not going to have any ability to do anything about it.   You can use harsh language. I suppose you can throw the lamp that is  on your bed stand in self-defense, but that doesn't stop the  assailant's bullets that are coming into your home for who knows what  reason.   Mr. Speaker, we deserve--because we have earned the right to defend  ourselves. We live in America. We have a Constitution that we live  under. It outlines our rights as ordained by the Good Lord above. We  cannot have this Congress and man take them away from us.   