 Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to the gentleman for  chairing the Freedom Caucus, and we are grateful for his leadership and  for having this Special Order tonight.   I want to take a moment in my opening remarks to say thank you to  those Supreme Court Justices who, right now, are experiencing  tremendous and unjust treatment and intimidation from a radical left  mob that is absolutely out of control.   Many of us have been in the battle for life for decades. We are  grateful, finally, that this horrendous stain on America's history is  potentially coming to an end, and those who have stood for our  Constitution, Supreme Court Justices Alito, Coney Barrett, Gorsuch,  Kavanaugh, and Thomas, we all take a moment to say a huge thank you to  them for standing up for the Constitution, for standing up for the  unborn, and doing the right thing.   We want them to know that we and millions of other Americans are  standing with them in deep gratitude this evening. Never should anyone  in this country but, at this point, our Supreme Court Justices never,  ever, ever should they be afraid of the leftist mob because they are  doing their jobs as Supreme Court Justices to stand for the  Constitution and to correct unconstitutional law in this case as it  comes their way. Yet, now, they are facing great intimidation by the  radical left agenda.    We, millions of Americans, are absolutely disgusted by what we are  watching on television as a result of what has already been described  tonight, an unprecedented and I believe to be probably an intentional  leak of Justice Alito's decision, the majority decision in this case,  Dobbs v. Jackson. How in the world does that leak happen? We fully will  get to the bottom of that with some investigations in the future.   The behavior now of the left is unacceptable. It is illegal. It needs  to be dealt with. There needs to be accountability. This is absolutely  bringing out the worst of the radical left in this country, and I hope  every American sees it. I hope they see it for what it is.   Here is the Supreme Court Justices doing their job. There are three  branches, equal branches, separate branches. This branch, the judicial  branch, and, in this case, the Supreme Court are doing their job and  facing the wrath of radical leftists simply because they don't like the  decision.   We have fallen so far as a country. We have come to the point that  now we are willing to end innocent life and rip little baby boys or  girls from their mothers' wombs.   I mean, here we have 5 weeks, the child has a heartbeat; 10 weeks,  arms, legs, fingers, toes; 15 weeks, a fully developed heart, capable  of feeling pain. It is a child in the womb. It is absolutely amazing.   Enough is enough. It is time that we hold these people accountable.  It is time that we come behind our Supreme Court Justices. Whether  anyone agrees with the decision or not, they are doing their job. We  obviously agree with the decision. But they are doing their job, and  they need to be protected.   We cannot allow the highest court of our land and our Constitution to  be put in jeopardy as it is now.   Again, Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for leading this time, this  Special Order, giving each of us an opportunity to stand for our  Constitution, to stand for our Supreme Court, and to stand for life.   