 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I heard some of my friends on the other side of the  aisle say no one wants this legislation. Nothing could be further from  the truth. The survivors of sexual assault and harassment want this,  and we should listen to them.   H.R. 4445 would restore access to justice for victims of sexual  assault or harassment who are currently locked out of the court system  due to forced arbitration clauses. These clauses are everywhere. They  block survivors from making their stories known, having their day in  court, and prevents them from holding their abusers accountable.   Some of the stories we heard during this hearing were horrific of the  kind  [[Page H989]]  of abuse and assault and demeaning behavior, and those predators knew  that they were protected from being held accountable because there were  forced arbitration clauses often accompanied with provisions that kept  those proceedings private.   So this private system forces survivors into a process, this forced  arbitration, that is not like a court system. There is no discovery.  There is no judge or jury. There are no requirements that they follow  laws passed by the Congress or the State. And when you, as I said,  combine that with nondisclosure agreements, it silences the survivors  of sexual harassment and assault. Plain and simple. This bill will end  it.   Predators rely on that silence. As long as their actions are hidden,  they are free to act with impunity, and we heard evidence that is in  fact what they do, over and over and over again. This bill will end  that.   Madam Speaker, I thank the sponsor of this legislation, Congresswoman  Cheri Bustos, who has made this her life's work since she got to  Congress. This bill will help millions of survivors who have had the  conduct that they have complained about unaddressed and unanswered and  kept quiet, and it will end that practice.   We heard testimony about the founder of Invisalign and the CEO of  Afiniti, who actually started an arbitration, invoked the clause,  because he knew that would keep the proceedings secret and his abuse  would go unaccounted for. This is disgraceful.   Madam Speaker, this should be a unanimous vote. Everyone should want  to put an end to this practice. I urge you to vote ``yes'' on H.R.  4445.   