 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, the LGBTQI+ Data Inclusion Act requires Federal agencies  to collect highly sensitive information from the American people.   With Americans facing record inflation, record gas prices, supply  chain shortages, and skyrocketing drug overdoses, it is unbelievable  that this is a priority for the House Democrats.   Mortgage rates are at their highest levels since 2008. Inflation  rates are at their highest levels in 40 years. Nationally, gas prices  are averaging over $5 per gallon. There is a severe shortage of baby  formula across our country. It has been a free-for-all at the southern  border since President Biden took office both for illegal immigrants  and deadly drugs.   The House majority is ignoring these issues. They have also ignored  the botched withdrawal from Afghanistan, the origins of the COVID  pandemic, and the impact of shutdowns and school closures on American  children. Instead, today we are considering a divisive bill, a bill  that does nothing to address Americans' problems.   H.R. 4176 requires Federal agencies to include questions regarding  sexual orientation and gender identity on their surveys. There are over  130 such surveys across the Federal agencies. This also includes the  Census. My colleagues across the aisle oppose asking whether someone is  an American citizen on the Census because they say it could deter  participation, but they want to ask about sexual orientation and gender  identity.    This is information many Americans would not want to share with the  Federal Government. This could certainly reduce response rates to the  Census and a host of statistical surveys our government relies on to  inform important policy decisions.   I would remind my House colleagues that asking these questions during  a job interview is illegal. In fact, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act  protects against employment discrimination on the basis of sex. This  has been interpreted by the Supreme Court to include sexual orientation  and gender identity. Yet, House Democrats want the Federal Government  to ask Americans about this most private of information.   My Democrat colleagues claim this bill will expand funding and  services for those who identify as LGBTQI+, but they haven't specified  funding and for what services.   We also don't know how agencies will actually use this information,  and we don't know how bad actors would exploit this information.  Federal agencies are constantly the targets of cyberattacks and subject  to leaks. A Chinese attack on the Office of Personnel Management  exposed the data of millions of Americans. The Internal Revenue Service  has leaked tax information on high-profile Americans to the press. This  information could be used for harmful purposes, so Americans may be  reluctant to risk answering a survey entirely.   House Democrats say that these intrusive questions will remain  optional under the bill, but we all know the pressure respondents will  feel to answer a Federal agency survey. In fact, the bill has been  amended by the rule to strike the exemption from penalty provision  which protected survey respondents from fine or other penalty if they  refused to answer a question.   Why did this language need to be removed if the questions are  optional?   Are they planning to penalize respondents for not answering questions  about their sexuality and gender?   We do not know why, and that is because this bill hasn't gone through  any due diligence.   Another troubling part of the bill is how it allows observers or  proxies to fill out these surveys on behalf of others.   Should we really have other people asking highly personal questions  about somebody else on a Federal agency survey?   Republicans don't think so.   A proxy could make a guess, or a person would have to tell this proxy  their sexual orientation or gender identity--something they may not  want to discuss.   When the House Oversight and Reform Committee considered the bill  last week, committee Republicans supported an amendment offered by  Representative   Michael Cloud to strike this provision, but committee  Democrats rejected it.   House Republicans also have concerns about presenting children with  questions about sexual orientation or gender identity.   Why should a minor be confronted by such topics?   For instance, the National Survey of Fishing, Hunting and Wildlife- Associated Recreation includes respondents as young as 6 years old.  Federal surveys are no place to confront the American people or their  children with intrusive questions and concerns about sexual orientation  or gender identity, especially when parents are worried about this  agenda with an ever-evolving list of identities. It is hard to keep up.   Many parents have grave concerns that advocates of this agenda are  seeking to indoctrinate their children and drive a wedge within their  families, and this bill confirms some of these concerns by allowing  these questions to be directed to children. Democrats have not  addressed or even acknowledged these concerns.   In the committee markup of H.R. 4176, my colleague, Glenn Grothman,  offered an amendment to prohibit the collection of this information  from minors, but committee Democrats voted this sensible amendment down  unanimously.   What is more telling is House Democrat leadership have refused to  make either Representative Grothman's or Representative Cloud's  amendments in order today. I wonder why the House majority refuses to  consider an amendment aimed at protecting children.  [[Page H5858]]    These amendments address important issues. The American people's  Representatives should be able to vote on them before sending this  troubling bill to the Senate. The American people deserve better from  this legislative body.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Wisconsin (Mr. Grothman).    I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from  Wisconsin.    Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from  Arizona (Mr. Biggs).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Arizona (Mr. Biggs).    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Madam Speaker, the U.S. House of Representatives should focus on  helping the American people survive economic turmoil and defending our  borders and national security.   I urge House Democrats to get back to what the American people  elected us to do: conduct oversight over the Federal Government and the  Biden administration, which is on a path to destroy America.   We need to hold hearings, conduct oversight, and pass legislation  addressing the crises affecting Americans today. That is our  constitutional responsibility. That is the responsibility of the House  Oversight Committee.   Instead, we are spending valuable resources and time on divisive  political messaging bills, and that is what this is. I oppose H.R.  4176, and I urge my colleagues to do the same.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the amendment  offered by Congresswoman Jackson Lee.    Madam Speaker, the amendment admits that the ultimate  purpose of this bill is to steer taxpayers' hard-earned dollars to yet  another demographic subgroup.   The amendment requires GAO to report on how the bill will impact  Federal agency provision of services to individuals--in other words,  how Federal  [[Page H5866]]  grant programs and financial assistance will be provided based on  people's sexual orientation and gender identity.   House Republicans believe that all Americans deserve equal treatment  and respect. In fact, that is guaranteed under our Constitution. We  oppose the continual dividing of Americans for political purposes. This  amendment is pure identity politics and an abuse of taxpayer dollars.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote against this amendment,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, this amendment stoops to the lowest level possible--in  fact, 6 feet under.   It is bad enough that under H.R. 4176, House Democrats seek to  subject living people, including children, to intrusive and  inappropriate questions related to their private sexual orientation and  gender identity. It is especially troublesome that House Democrats  would allow proxies to answer such sensitive questions on behalf of  others, as this bill allows. But shockingly, this amendment expands  that authority to allow proxies to answer survey or Census questions  about sexual orientation and gender identity on behalf of dead  Americans.   If someone claims to be a ``knowledgeable proxy,'' this amendment  permits that individual to answer a Federal survey on behalf of a  deceased person who can no longer answer for himself or herself.   With this amendment, someone who has guarded their personal privacy  their entire life will have to worry that sensitive aspects of their  personal life will be shared with the Federal Government after they die  or worry that it could even be made up. How is collecting this  information even useful at all?  [[Page H5867]]    It is hard to imagine making the underlying bill much worse, but this  amendment succeeds with flying colors.   I urge my colleagues to reject this amendment and vote to protect  Americans' ability to simply rest in peace.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to the amendment which  ironically highlights the underlying bill's serious intrusion into  Americans' privacy.   When the government collects very personal and sensitive information,  as H.R. 4176 seeks to recklessly expand, Americans' data regrettably  becomes the target of malicious actors.   Too often, we see this story play out in our government, the over- collection of Americans' private information being hacked or improperly  disclosed.   From the leaking of Americans' tax records to the breach of Federal  employees' entire background investigation files, the Federal  government does not have a very good track record of securing private  data. Yet, this amendment allows government agencies to place  Americans' most private data at risk for up to 3 entire years.   Republicans will not stand for subjecting Americans' most private  information to cyber hackers and other wrongdoers, information that  should not even be collected in the first place.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote against this amendment,  and I yield back the balance of my time.   