 Mr. Speaker, over the weekend I met with  over 100 Ukrainian Americans in my district office in Freehold, New  Jersey. They told me how their families and friends in Ukraine are  coping with Putin's barbaric invasion, the loss of life, the many who  are wounded, and their escalating concern as the bombs and missiles  rain down on civilian targets.   According to UNHCR, about 876,000 Ukrainian refugees have left, that  is as of March 1st, and about half have found safety in Poland. Most  are women, children, and the elderly.   Despite facing an existential threat, the free world continues to be  astonished by the Ukrainian people's strength, courage, resiliency, and  desire to fight. Interviews coming out of Ukraine, especially in the  bunkers, underscores the Ukrainian people's resolve.   Let me just say how great it is to see Zelensky, who has stood up. He  is a true hero and a tenacious leader, the President of Ukraine. This  is Putin's war, and he is a war criminal, Mr. Speaker. Putin's puppet  in Belarus, Alexander Lukashenko, is also a war criminal, and like  Serbian Slobodan Milosevic and President Charles Taylor of Liberia,  they need to be prosecuted and held to account for their war crimes.   I would remind my colleagues that in a 2014 speech, right here, to a  joint session of the Congress, Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko did  ask the Obama administration for military assistance, which he did not  get, to defend against Putin's invasion of Crimea. He said, ``One  cannot win the war with blankets.''   He got several standing ovations, all of us were on our feet. But he  got only more blankets. Let's learn from that.   Last June, as Russia deployed more combat forces on the border,  Politico and others reported that there were delays in providing the  kind of military aid that Zelensky really wanted. I did ask Deputy  Secretary of State Wendy Sherman today for a timeline, on how did this  all come about. Did he ask for more and did not get it? We need to know  this to learn from it, so we get it right the next time.   Mr. Speaker, over the weekend I met with over one hundred Ukrainian  Americans at my district office in Freehold.    They told me how their families and friends in Ukraine are coping  with Putin's barbaric invasion--the loss of life, the wounded and  escalating concern as bombs & missiles rain down on civilian targets.    They appealed for help.    The humanitarian crisis is exploding--both inside the country and  for those seeking refuge.    As of March 1st, according to the UN High Commissioner for Refugees  (UNHCR)--there are more than 876,000 Ukrainian refugees--with about  half finding safety in Poland.    Most are women, children, and the elderly.    Despite facing an existential threat, however, the free world  continues to be astonished by the Ukrainian people's strength, courage,  resiliency and desire to fight.    Interviews coming out of Ukraine--including in bunkers--underscore  the Ukrainian people's resolve.    Under their extraordinarily heroic and tenacious leader--President  Volodymyr Zelensky--the people of Ukraine are rallying to defend their  beloved homeland.    This is Putin's war--and he is a war criminal.    Putin's puppet in Belarus--Alexander Lukashenko--is also a war  criminal.    And like Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic and President Charles  Taylor of Liberia, they need to be prosecuted and held to account for  war crimes.    Now more than ever, the United States and our allies must provide  much-needed military equipment and humanitarian aid to the people of  Ukraine as they fight to defend their freedom from a brutal  dictatorship.    I would remind my colleagues that in a 2014 speech to a joint  session of the U.S. Congress, Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko  asked the Obama Administration for military assistance--which he didn't  get--to defend against Putin's invasion of Crimea and said ``One cannot  win the war with blankets''.    He got several standing ovations--and more blankets.    Last June, as Russia deployed more combat forces on Ukraine's  border, Politico and others reported that a modest military aid package  had been put on hold. Key items under consideration for the package  included short-range air defense systems, small arms and more anti-tank  weapons . . .''    Robust stockpiles of weapons could have bought deterrence--and if  necessary, a means for the Ukrainians to defend themselves from Putin's  violence.    At a Foreign Affairs hearing earlier today, I asked Deputy Secretary  of State Wendy Sherman what Ukrainian President Zelensky asked for over  the past year--including air defense systems--and what he did or didn't  get from the Biden Administration?    Her response may come in a closed door hearing next week.    Comprehensive economic sanctions must degrade Putin's capacity to  wage war.    Some highly efficacious sanctions have not yet been imposed,  however.    Russian oil revenues help fuel Putin's aggression in Ukraine. Not a  drop of Russian oil exports should reach our shores.   