 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to discuss how  consumers are paying more for less reliable energy as a result of the  policies of the Biden administration and congressional Democrats. North  Dakotans are paying 60 percent more for gasoline since January of 2021,  and diesel remains at nearly $5 a gallon.   Prices are high because we have a supply problem. Our friends and  allies in Europe are facing an even worse supply crisis, and unless the  Biden administration changes its approach, American families and  businesses will continue to face these inflationary pressures.   Fortunately, the solution is clear. More energy supply means  consumers pay less. More supply is what helps us get prices under  control, get inflation under control, and consumers relief.   In 2019, the United States was producing nearly 13 million barrels of  oil a day. Today, that production is down at about 11.8 million barrels  a day. That is because the policies of the Democrats in Congress and  the Biden administration include blocking energy production on Federal  lands, and that is curtailing supply. Our vast supply of taxpayer-owned  oil, gas, and coal resources on Federal lands are a national strategic  asset. Yet President Biden and his ``keep it in the ground'' allies  treat our NG reserves as a liability.   Recent analysis by the Wall Street Journal shows that the Biden  administration leased only 130,000 acres for new oil and gas production  in the first 19 months of this administration. Let me repeat that  number. The Biden administration has only leased 130,000 acres for new  oil and gas production in its first 19 months. For comparison,  President Reagan leased 47.6 million acres during the same time period.  The Biden administration, in just under 2 years, leased 130,000 acres.  The Reagan administration leased 47.6 million acres during the same  amount of time.   That is the point. We need to take the handcuffs off our producers if  we are going to produce more energy here at home. And nobody produces  energy better, more cost effectively, more dependably, and with better  environmental stewardship than America. We do the best job of anybody  in the world. New energy leases are needed to grow oil production and  supplies for the long-term, otherwise production will continue to fall,  and that means higher energy costs for our consumers.   Instead of defending previously held lease sales, the Biden  administration is relying on litigation from environmental allies to  block permits needed for energy development. That only further  increases our reliance on adversaries like Russia, Iran, and Venezuela,  countries with little or no regard for environmental stewardship or  human rights. They are our adversaries. How in the world can we put  ourselves subject to their energy production? Energy production is part  of national security. Energy security is national security.   Natural gas prices also remain high and families are being hit with  higher utility bills. Electricity prices are up nearly 16 percent  compared to last year. As we approach the winter months, natural gas  bills are up 33 percent over the same period, and with winter coming  on, they are going to go up more.   The Biden administration's policies are undermining our energy  security, and because the cost of energy is built into our entire  economy, inflation has been driven to record heights. Everything you  buy has an energy component in it. When energy costs go up because the  administration won't let us produce more here at home, it causes  inflation in everything you buy--everything you buy, not just at the  gas station but in the grocery store or anywhere else because of the  energy component.   Despite these challenges, President Biden and congressional Democrats  doubled down by passing their partisan  [[Page S4895]]  tax-and-spend bill that will make it more expensive to produce energy  in the United States. The bill includes a new tax on natural gas. That  doesn't make energy cheaper; that makes it more expensive. The bill  includes a new tax on natural gas and also makes oil and gas production  on Federal lands more expensive through higher fees and royalty rates.  So they are driving up the cost of energy.   In addition to levying $739 billion in new taxes on hard-working  families, the bill was loaded with $370 billion in Green New Deal  spending. Instead of tax hikes and wasteful spending, President Biden  needs to take the handcuffs off our domestic energy production. Instead  of higher taxes and fees, more mandates, and less energy development,  we need to take the handcuffs off our domestic energy producers to  lower energy costs and help reduce the burden of inflation, which harms  every American but particularly those low-income Americans who are  struggling with the higher cost of everything from putting food on the  table to gas at the pump, to anything and everything they buy. We need  to change this policy direction, and it needs to happen now.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   