 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 4978, State Offices of  Rural Health Program Reauthorization Act. This program provides funding  to connect small rural communities with State and Federal resources to  develop long-term solutions to rural health programs that help improve  access to care in underserved areas of our country.   This legislation is a clean, 5-year reauthorization at currently  authorized levels and will help to preserve the program's flexibility  to meet State and local rural healthcare needs.   I urge my colleagues to support this bill.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   MR. PALLONE. Madam Speaker, I also would urge everyone, all of my  colleagues, on a bipartisan basis to support this bill.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 4120, the Childhood Cancer  STAR Reauthorization Act led by Mr. McCaul. This program at the  National Institutes of Health is integral to the fight against  childhood cancers and also helps inform how best to care for those who  are childhood cancer survivors.   The Childhood Cancer STAR Act, enacted in 2018, has been fully funded  each year and has led to new standards of care for childhood cancer  survivors, increased the ability for new childhood cancer research at  NIH, and helped collect better data about prevalence of childhood  cancers.   This straight reauthorization, at currently reauthorized levels, also  includes a report to Congress to make sure that researchers outside of  NIH are able to capitalize on the work facilitated by the STAR Act.   This bill passed the House by unanimous consent and has over 100  cosponsors in the House. I plan to support it today. I urge my  colleagues to support this bill.   Mr. Speaker, it is hard to come to the floor of the House and talk  about childhood cancer and not talk about a young lady that I knew when  I was about 9 or 10 years old, Tam Hanback. Over the last probably 45,  46 years, I have thought about her often. Every time I see St. Jude's  commercials, I think about her from our Sunday school class.   If we had the technology then that we have today, she would probably  be 58 years old, just like I am, but unfortunately, we didn't.   So in honor of her, Tam Hanback, from Alabama, I will support this  bill, and I encourage my friends to do so as well.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   