 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Virginia for  this opportunity to speak about H.R. 4133, the Caribbean Basin Security  Initiative.   For more than 10 years, Mr. Speaker, Congress has supported funding  CBSI, appropriating during that time $831 million, and supporting 13  Caribbean nations.   H.R. 4133, the Caribbean Basin Security Initiative Authorization Act  will authorize appropriations of $75 million each year from 2022 to  2026. It also requires the Department of State to develop a strategy to  improve disaster resilience in the Caribbean--and to report progress  made under the initiative.   We all know how the Caribbean stands in the pathway of hurricanes and  other natural disasters. As such, they must really improve disaster  resiliency in those island nations. CBSI supports our allies in the  Caribbean by promoting citizen safety, citizen security, and adhering  to the rule of law. It also reduces trafficking in narcotics. It will  help us interdict narcotics in the Caribbean region, which is the third  border of our country.   It also reduces corruption and the malign influence of foreign  adversaries in the region. We all know how foreign adversaries are  looking to ill-invest in that region and circumvent, in many cases,  transparency measures. It strengthens the ability to respond, as I said  earlier, Mr. Speaker, to natural disasters. It is so important.  [[Page H4545]]    These island nations are in jeopardy. They are in serious trouble  with hurricanes and rising sea levels and other natural disasters. You  better than anybody, Mr. Speaker, know about this. This Caribbean Basin  Security Initiative would also provide funding for that.   By empowering our neighbors in the Caribbean, we will in turn bolster  the national security of the United States. Our allies in the Caribbean  are facing many, many challenges brought about by the COVID-19  pandemic, strained global supply chains, and increased energy costs.  That seems to be a common problem in island nations: increased energy  costs. As such, they are really up for grabs by some of our adversaries  who often take advantage in a crisis. We must do more to really help  out our neighbors, our allies in that region.   We must continue funding for CBSI. It is critical to help Caribbean  nations strengthen their economies, and in turn, strengthen our very  own.   It is especially important that we continue our engagement in the  Caribbean as our foreign adversaries attempt to spread their influence  throughout the region. A safe and prosperous Caribbean region is in the  United States' national security interests.   As we prepare to host the ninth Summit of the Americas in California  in June, I urge my colleagues to support CBSI and reaffirm our  commitment to enhancing U.S.-Caribbean relations.   