 Mr. President, I am delighted to be here with my  colleagues tonight and with the chair of our Rules Committee, Amy  Klobuchar, who worked so hard and so intensely on the For the People  Act and on the For the People Act 2.0, the Freedom to Vote Act, which  was sought to address the foundations of democracy in our country.   I am delighted to be here with the former Governor and Senator from  New Hampshire, who really understands from both the State and national  perspective the importance of the rules of democracy, and my colleague  from Maine, who was just speaking about the election of 1876, which had  so many parallels with the election of 2020 because in that year, there  were four States that submitted two different slates.   The Republican Party said: Let the Vice President decide because he  is targeted in the Constitution to receive the ballots.   The Democrats said: Well, he is not given the power in the  Constitution to decide which slate of ballots to accept.    That led to a standoff and a Commission that was a setup of five  Senators, five House Members, and five Supreme Court Justices to try to  decide which slate of ballots to accept.   As you pointed out, that election led to the Electoral Count Act for  the first round. Ten years later, they rewrote it again, but it wasn't  sufficient.   I just want to compliment him and the work that the entire set of  Senators did to bring forward a much improved version that will be  included in the omnibus bill we will be considering.   As I am here with my colleagues, pondering--pondering--the state of  our democracy, the state of our Republic, I can't help but think of  that story from Benjamin Franklin at the Constitutional Convention.   In seeing him walk out of Independence Hall on the last day of the  Convention, a woman came up and asked Dr. Franklin: Well, Doctor, what  have we got? Is it a republic or a monarchy?   Dr. Franklin replied, ``A republic if you can keep it.''   ``A republic if you can keep it''--recognizing the challenge of  sustaining this framework in which we voluntarily work together to have  a system of ballot integrity, of registration integrity, of voting  integrity, and, in fact, of counting the ballots with integrity.   If I go back to that battle of 1876, the deal that was struck was a  dark deal. It was a deal which said, as my colleague Senator King  pointed out: Even though one candidate was one vote short of winning  the electoral college, we will give those four slates to the Republican  if the Republican will pull the troops out of the South and  Reconstruction.   What that meant was ending civil rights for Black southerners not for  one or two generations but for the better part of three-quarters of a  century, three generations. It was a terrible, dark, evil deal that  came out.   But, in this body, there was a Senator who said: We need to restore  those rights to the South.   He waited through 1888 and on into 1890 until there was a possibility  of passing a bill that would protect voting registration, voting at the  ballot box, and the counting of the votes. It was called the Lodge Act.  Sir Henry Cabot Lodge from the House, who later came to the Senate,  supported it and sent it over here. Senator Hoar proceeded to champion  it in this body, but it was a filibuster by southern Democrats who  killed that bill--a filibuster later accompanied by support, actually,  from northern Republicans, who wanted to get to a tariff bill, the  McKinley Tariff Act. It was supported by western Republicans, who  wanted to get to the silver currency bill. In other words, people from  all over the country in this Chamber failed to stand up for the civil  rights of every American.   It is indeed true that our institutions are far more fragile than we  ever anticipated. We believe in the vision of a republic. And how does  that differ from the vision of a dictator? It differs from a dictator  or a King in that power flows up from the people; it doesn't flow down  from the powerful. But we have seen a steady erosion of that vision  here in the United States of America.   With the wealth inequality, we have come to see that there is an  incredible loss of government of, by, and for the people. Let me  explain. When you get that kind of power concentrated at the very top,  that money becomes sets of lawyers who work 24/7, 365 for the powerful  and against the people. When you get that kind of concentration, you  get media campaigns spending huge sums of money to change how people  think about issues--power for the powerful, not government by the  people.   Then let's think about the fact that that same set of powerful are  using campaign funds to get the outcomes they want and they are using  dark money.   My colleague Senator Whitehouse was talking about the DISCLOSE Act  and how important it is that we at least have transparency. Where are  these hundreds of millions of dollars from the richest Americans and  most powerful corporations coming from, and what is their goal? At  least we should know the who. The Supreme Court has said they cannot be  stopped under kind of a corrupted vision of free speech; they can't be  limited under that Supreme Court decision. But at least we can know the  who and have the American people understand better who is behind the  funding. That ending of dark money is so important.   Gerrymandering. It is estimated that down the hall in the House of  Representatives, there is a 20- to 25-vote bias in favor of one party  over the other because one party does more gerrymandering than the  other. Well, neither should do that, and it is our responsibility to  end that corrupt distortion of equal representation.   Then to the ballot box, there have been 34 laws passed in 19 States  that are aimed at one mission, and that is to stop targeted groups of  Americans from voting. And who are those targeted groups? Those  targeted groups are Black Americans and Hispanic Americans; low-income,  inner city Americans; Native Americans on reservations; college  students--laws deliberately designed in a laser-focused manner to block  certain groups of Americans from voting. That is the powerful who don't  want to have the voice of the people working for the people.   We had, last January, a chance to pass a bill in this Chamber, just  like they had in 1891, for the civil rights of all Americans. For us,  it wasn't the Lodge Act. For us, it was the Freedom to Vote Act--the  freedom to vote--that would take on gerrymandering; that would end  anonymous dark money; that would proceed to ensuring that every  American could get to the ballot box in a fair fashion to vote.   You know, it was in 2020 that we had one State where the wait time to  vote in predominantly Black precincts was 5 to 10 times the wait time  in White precincts. Don't tell me that is somehow acceptable in the  United States of America, that kind of racial bias baked into our  election system. It was deliberate. It was planned.   Why is it that President Trump hated vote-by-mail? Well, let me  explain it to you. He hated it because it let people get to the ballot  box whom he didn't want to vote. He wanted people to have to vote on  election day because on election day, you can really, really play the  game.   You can move the voting locations from where they were the previous  election so people don't go to the right  [[Page S9602]]  place. In the places where you don't want people to vote, you put them  where there are no parking lots so that it is hard to vote. You put out  false information about when the election was, saying: So sorry you  missed it. Even though it is this coming Tuesday, people will think it  was the last Tuesday.   You can manipulate and obstruct targeted groups of Americans and  prevent them from voting much easier on election day than you can with  vote-by-mail.   My State of Oregon initiated vote-by-mail. It is the most secure  system in the country--every signature compared. You would be more  likely to be struck by lightning than be able to find a mistake made in  which somebody voted intentionally who wasn't allowed to vote. It is  incredibly secure, incredibly appropriate to counteract all of those  schemes on election day designed to target Americans.   My colleagues, we have so much work to do to defend the very  foundation of our democracy. It is the ballot box. It is the ballot  box.   We have to take on the gerrymandering; we have to take on the dark  money; and we have to defend the opportunity of every American to vote.   If you came into this room and you swore an oath to the Constitution,  you have a responsibility to defend that Constitution and defend the  integrity of the ballot box.   