 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, it has become clear over the last few  months that too much of the Republican Party has been taken over by  MAGA Republicans, who are now dominating the party and Republicans in  the Senate, moving the party away from things it has often stood for in  the pest.   The contrast has become clear: Democrats, for instance, want to  codify a woman's freedom to make decisions about her own body into  Federal law, but MAGA Republicans want to take away women's rights by  pushing national abortion bans, jailing women and doctors for carrying  out abortions, and even pushing bans with no exception for rape or  incest.   In the wake of the Buffalo shooting, MAGA Republicans continue  embracing unhinged conspiracy theories like the ``great replacement,''  which has been a rallying cry for ultranationalists and White  supremacists in Europe for years.   And all year long, while Democrats have been pushing solutions that  will lower costs, MAGA Republicans and the chair of the Republican  campaign arm openly support raising taxes on the poor and working  families, while cheering on inflation as a ``gold mine.'' And those  were Senator Scott's words, not mine. He called inflation a gold mine.  Imagine.   MAGA Republicans are showing Americans exactly who they are. In an  amazing happening this weekend, the Conservative Political Action  Conference, the largest conservative organization in America, held  their conference in Hungary and welcomed one of Europe's most notorious  proponents of ``replacement theory,'' Viktor Orban, as their keynote  speaker.   Again, the Conservative Political Action Conference, a very important  organization in the new Republican MAGA party, had Viktor Orban as  their keynote speaker, an autocrat, who has whittled away democracy in  Hungary.   It is sickening--sickening--to see that 2 weeks after the shooting in  Buffalo, Republicans as prominent as Donald Trump and Tucker Carlson,  spoke at the same event as one of Europe's most prominent White  nationalists and authoritarians. It is a scary and otherworldly turn  for one of America's two parties to take.   I know not all Republicans embrace the views of MAGA Republicans. I  know many of them support women's rights and embrace diversity and  reject conspiracies like ``White replacement.''   I urge these Republicans in the Senate and the country to repudiate  the MAGA wing taking over the GOP. I invite the voters to support  Democratic candidates as a protest against extremism so we as a nation  can halt the dangerous rise of the hard right.   This week, all of us in the Senate will have a chance to take a stand  against extremism by voting to begin debate on the Domestic Terrorism  Prevention Act.   For the information of all, I will take the first procedural step on  this legislation later today, and Members can expect to vote on  Thursday on this bill that will crack down on domestic terrorism and  extremism.   As far as legislation goes, this bill is as much of a no-brainer as  it comes. Two years ago, when Donald Trump was President, the House  passed this bill unanimously. Every single Republican was for the bill.  But in a sign of how radicalized the GOP has become, nearly every  single House Republican opposed it last week, despite one Morning  Consult poll that showed that a majority of Republicans and Republican  voters support these commonsense measures.   Let me say it again. According to one Morning Consult poll, a  majority of Republican voters support cracking down on domestic  terrorism. Yet, nevertheless, every single House Republican voted  against this bill last week.   If you wanted some proof that the MAGA wing of the Republican Party  is taking over the whole party, there it is.   I hope that, given everything happening across the country right now,  Senate Republicans will act differently and support this bill.   Let me be clear, Democrats' goal is to pass this bill, just as it is  with all bills we bring to the Senate floor. But if Republicans keep  going down their extremist, obstructionist path, then this vote will  still allow the American people to hold their elected representatives  accountable.   Not long ago, views like ``replacement theory'' were relegated to the  fringes of American society, shared primarily by twisted minds on  online message boards. But today, White supremacy, which has been with  us for decades  [[Page S2640]]  and centuries, is now out in the open, and proponents speak about it  unabashedly and unashamedly.   Many were shocked in 2017, when, out in the open, thousands of White  supremacists marched at the Unite the Right rally in Charlottesville  and chanted: ``You will not replace us.''   It was out in the open on January 6, as insurrectionists waved  Confederate flags through the hallways of this Capitol--the first time  that ever occurred in American history.   It is out in the open every time Donald Trump holds a MAGA rally and  blames undocumented immigrants for stealing the 2020 election.   And it is out in the open on cable news networks like FOX, where  Tucker Carlson has spread ``replacement theory'' in over 400 episodes,  and other commentators join in.   To be sure, the extremism of MAGA Republicans is hardly limited to  their embrace of ridiculous conspiracy theories. Across the country,  the hard right is also hell-bent on turning back the clock on women's  rights by 100 years, pushing restrictions on abortions that are wildly  outside the mainstream.   Whether it is a national ban on abortions, which Leader McConnell  acknowledges is possible if Republicans win the Senate, or the  prosecution of women who pursue abortions, or even banning businesses  that help employees access abortions out of State, MAGA Republicans are  openly championing restrictions that would have been career-enders just  a few years ago but are now part of GOP canon. We cannot ignore who  suffers most under these radical restrictions: women of color, low- income families, families who live in deeply gerrymandered States,  where their views have all been but silenced.    This is what MAGA Republicans clamor for: a world ruled by conspiracy  theories, national abortion bans, and the greatest curtailing of  individual rights in 50 years; a world where immigrants and communities  of color are considered ``replacers''; where women are considered  second-class citizens and are told what to do with their bodies; where  White supremacy is tolerated or even embraced; and where our democracy  erodes in favor of autocracy.   Imagine again Orban, the leading autocrat of Europe, being the lead  speaker at CPAC, with President Trump and other major Republicans  participating. Who would think we would see that day? Who would think?   We cannot let these views become accepted or even become the norm in  the United States. This week, we can take one step of many in helping  silence the voices of White supremacy, the voices of domestic  terrorism.   So I implore my Republican colleagues: If you reject the dangers of  White supremacy and views like ``White replacement,'' you should vote  in favor of moving forward to begin debate on this domestic terrorism  bill.   This is a test. This is about accountability. Republican Senators, do  you reject the views of MAGA Republicans? Do you reject White supremacy  and ``replacement theory''?   Taking a stand against domestic terrorism and White supremacy should  be the easiest thing in the world. If Republicans can't join us on  something as simple as that, Americans will see, with even greater  clarity, how radical the GOP has become under Donald Trump and the MAGA  Republicans.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I move to proceed to legislative  session.    Madam President, I move to proceed to Calendar No. 371,  H.R. 350.    I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Madam President, I move to proceed to executive session  to consider Calendar No. 923.    Madam President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Finally, I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory  quorum calls for the cloture motions filed today, May 24, be waived.    I yield the floor.   