 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Owens for  yielding and for his leadership on this issue.    I rise today in support of the Supplemental Impact Aid Flexibility  Act. The pandemic has had a dramatic impact on our school systems and  the way students are learning, both in and out of the classroom. Many  parents have made the decision to homeschool their children due to  uncertainty around vaccine and mask mandates in schools. With many  resources of local educational agencies dedicated to fighting the  pandemic, it has also become a burden on them to maintain an accurate  count of federally connected students.   I am grateful for the bipartisan leadership today of Chairman Scott  and Ranking Member Foxx, who support this legislation. This bill takes  proactive measures to ensuring that teachers and students are  adequately supported when returning to the classroom. By allowing local  educational agencies to use the same number of federally connected  students that they enrolled on their fiscal year '22 applications as  they do fiscal year '23 applications, we can allow them to focus on  recovering from the pandemic and serve the children of our United  States servicemembers adequately.   As a representative of Fort Jackson in Columbia, South Carolina, and  also nearby Fort Jackson in Georgia, ably represented by Congressman  Rick Allen, we have multiple beneficiaries of Impact Aid funding. I am  grateful to support this legislation and encourage my colleagues to do  the same.    As we reach the one-year anniversary of  President Biden in office, I borrow from the great Ronald Reagan and  his extraordinary question during the 1980 Presidential debate and ask:  Are you better off today than you were a year ago? The obvious and sad  answer of thinking Americans is no.   Since President Biden took office January 20, American families have  suffered under a one-party Democrat rule, destroying jobs. The  continued taxing and spending policies of Biden and Democrats have  caused inflation. This situation is getting worse and will challenge  our children's future, while threatening the savings of retirees.   Bidenflation has hit the highest rate in 40 years, and the  astronomical price increases that come with that affect all of our  pocketbooks. A few examples include, gas is up 56 percent higher than  over a year ago. Propane, kerosene, and firewood are up 40 percent.  Beef and bacon are up 19 percent. Chicken is up 10 percent.   Compounding this damaging effect, most workers have not received  wages  [[Page H213]]  that keep up with inflation, according to The New York Times. Families  have actually lost possibly $5,000 in just one year. Also, the December  Jobs Report came in at less than half where economists projected.   Since President Biden took office, he has failed to protect our  southern border. Over 1.7 million illegal aliens have invaded,  benefiting the drug cartels and benefiting the horror of promoting  human trafficking.   Energy independence has been replaced by energy dependence, resulting  in skyrocketing costs. President Biden's policies worldwide have been  disastrous. A feeble response to Putin is putting Ukrainian families at  risk of mass murder with already 14,000 people killed; bowing to China  as it continues the genocide of weaker Muslims; capitulating to Iran as  it shouts death to America, death to Israel; appeasement of Afghanistan  leading directly to thirteen American heroes murdered; leaving  Americans behind and establishing Afghanistan as a safe haven to attack  American families with suicide bombers, as we saw claimed this weekend  at the Texas synagogue.   American families have never been at greater risk of attack than they  are today in American history. The Democrat elite think they are  smarter than everyone, and they think Democrat voters and Democrat  media are ignorant to believe $5 trillion in spending costs zero. That  is a direct quote from the President.    So I ask the rhetorical and famous question again. Are you better off  today than you were a year ago?   