 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2116, the  CROWN Act. No one should be deprived of equal rights under the law  because of their hair texture or style. It should never be the case  that a person is denied the opportunity to participate in school sports  or is sent home from work just because of what their hair looks like.   The most egregious example of this was a wrestling coach who had an  African-American wrestler that had to cut his hair to perform. He  wasn't allowed on the wrestling team unless his hair was cut because  the wrestling coach didn't like it. Well, the wrestling coach was  ignorant of the fact that that should have been his choice. He couldn't  rise to understand it.   Now, Mr. Bishop and I, we share something in common. We both don't  have a wonderful crown with glorious locks. And sometimes when people,  particularly people who aren't too smart, get mad at me--and I imagine  this happens to Mr. Bishop, too--they will say: You bald-headed  whatever. I have no choice in the fact that I am bald headed. I had a  lot of hair when I was young. I had more hair than Mr. Jordan.    Madam Speaker, I will yield to the gentleman from North  Carolina.    Well, they have said things they thought were nasty. But  it was not nasty to me because I have no choice in the fact that I am  bald.    Madam Speaker, reclaiming my time.   I am just as good a human being, just as smart, just as effective,  and just as caring with or without hair; and the fact is it is  discrimination, and it is ignorance.   African Americans have been discriminated against in many ways  because of their hairstyles. It is a natural thing for African  Americans, and they should not be penalized in the workplace, in  sports, in school, or in any other ways.   I stand here for the CROWN Act. It was originally introduced, I  think, by Cedric Richmond, and I joined with him on the Judiciary  Committee to support it.   I had seen problems in Tennessee when I was a State senator, and  supported bills there to protect people who wore braids and whatever. I  hope people will rise up and vote ``yes'' in understanding of other  people and think beyond themselves.   