 Madam Speaker, we are 12 days, 12 days until  the Democrat majority does not exist. In 13 days, the Republican  majority will be in charge.   Americans are facing the highest spike in prices in 40 years because  of the one-party Democrat rule in Washington, because of their reckless  spending.   The Ways and Means Committee is the committee that affects the  economy more than any committee in all of Congress. What do the House  Democrats feel like their last 12 days, their biggest priority is not  solving issues affecting working-class Americans, but issues targeting  their main political opponents.   This legislation is only cover for what they have been campaigning on  for years, and that is, to get Trump's tax returns.   Let me tell you, if you don't believe me now, this is called the  mandatory audit program. It is about auditing all current and former  Presidents to make sure their tax returns are audited. But the chairman  of this committee only requested how the mandatory audit program has  worked for one President, one, and it was a Republican President. His  name was Donald Trump.   I asked, on Tuesday, did you request a mandatory audit review process  on Joe Biden? No.   Did you request one on Obama? No. Clinton? No. Bush? No. Carter? No.  But yes, only Trump.   This is a cover for their political objective, and that is to target  their political opponents.   We have heard over and over that no one is above the law; that  includes everyone in this Chamber.   On Tuesday, when we sat in this markup, I raised the point, how can  you release the full tax returns, with all of the private personal  information of the private citizens, their Social Security number,  children's Social Security numbers? And I said, we need an amendment to  redact that information. I was told, we are not going to vote on  amendments.   But everyone says that no one is above the law. We were told good  faith, good faith, would redact the full transcripts, and it would be  decided by the majority staff.   Has the minority staff been able to participate in it? No. We don't  even know what the final documents of the tax returns that are going to  be released, what they are going to look at.   This was another example where you had to pass something before you  know what is in it. That is what Pelosi has done this entire Congress.  That is exactly what the Ways and Means Democrats did. They have  charted a new territory for the Ways and Means Committee.   It is the oldest committee in Congress. It is supposed to be the most  bipartisan committee in Congress. But they ignited a new political  tool, that future Congresses will now utilize.   I have traveled all over the country, 42 States just this year alone,  and one thing that constantly kept coming up to me is, Congressman,  look into President Biden's family and how they have been enriched by  his position.   In fact, banks have flagged over 150 red flags to Treasury. These are  suspicious activity reports. Usually, it is because they believe there  is fraud or money laundering, and this is the Biden family bank  accounts.   What about the fact that foreign governments are paying to have their  principals in the same room as Joe Biden? Or the sale of U.S. natural  gas to China, of which the Bidens held a 10 percent equity stake, or  business plans to sell one of the largest sources of cobalt for  electric vehicles to China, and $11 million made from Hunter Biden's  ``work'' with a Ukraine firm and a Chinese businessman.   Like I said, over 150 red flags or suspicious activity reports filed  by banks.   