 Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to call  up H.R. 471, the PAUSE Act, to protect all Americans from Biden's  border crisis.    Mr. Speaker, I have been there four times in my  first year, the first 14 months here in this Congress.   February a year ago was the largest February in terms of illegal  border crossings in the history of the country. We had 101,000 cross,  some 3,000 a day, in February a year ago.   We exceeded that by 64 percent this most recent February. We went  from 101,000 to 165,000.   Now, it is so bad with what this President has allowed to happen in  the last year that 165,000 in a month doesn't sound like a really bad  month for this President.   That is because, again, it was 101,000 last February, but it  increased as the year went on to where it was some 200,000 a month  later on into the year, as we know, and 2 million in the first year  this President was in office.   As others have already pointed out, with him rescinding title 42, I  guess he was afraid that is a policy, a law, that might help repel some  illegals back across the border, might allow us to return some if we  actually would enforce the law.   So, we are rescinding title 42, which, as already has been said, will  take it from 7,000 to 2\1/2\ times as large. Mr. Speaker, 18,000 a day  is the average, 500,000 in the first 30 days.   This President is on pace for some 10 to 15 million illegal entries  into our country in his first and hopefully only term.   I was in a Budget Committee hearing today with Congresswoman Boebert.  We had Secretary Becerra there, the HHS Secretary. HHS has been called  in not to help stop the border crossings but to help facilitate those.   Mr. Speaker, I asked him today, I said: Who do you think should be  let across our border, or who should be prevented from going across our  border? Are there any restraints you would put upon anyone who wants to  come across our border, or do you think everyone should be able to come  across illegally?   He said: Well, we are talking about violating the law. You are saying  it is illegal. Why would we permit anyone to violate the law?   Our President is violating the highest law of the land. The  Constitution that we all and he swore to uphold, Article IV, Section 4  says: ``The United States shall guarantee to every State in this Union  a republican form of government and shall protect them against  invasion.''   As we look to next year, I want to go on record and say--some of you  were on the articles of impeachment with me. Congresswoman Boebert  drafted those. How do we declare this the public health emergency that  it is, the national security crisis that it is, the health crisis that  it is, the social services crisis that it is, the education crisis that  it is, and the unlawful process that it is and not hold this President  responsible when we have the House majority, Lord willing, a year from  now? How can we not impeach this President?    Mr. Speaker, it is simple. Complete the wall.  End catch and release. Reinstate remain in Mexico and title 42. Require  E-verify. Take amnesty off the table.   Speaker Mrvan, we would love to have you on that petition.   