 Madam President, it has been more than a year since the  U.S. Senate passed the bipartisan U.S. Innovation and Competition Act,  commonly known as USICA. It includes an important provision that  Senator Mark Warner, the Senator from Virginia, and I introduced more  than 2 years ago called the CHIPS Act, which is designed to shore up a  dangerously vulnerable supply chain of high-end semiconductors from  Asia to the United States.   The fact is that the United States makes zero percent of those  advanced semiconductors that are necessary for everything from your  iPhone to fifth-generation Joint Strike Fighters like the F-35.   Unfortunately, after we passed the bipartisan bill in the Senate, the  House decided to go the partisan route and  [[Page S3325]]  add additional, unrelated pieces of their wish list, everything from  handouts to labor bosses to money for a U.N. climate slush fund.   We were in the process of stripping out these partisan provisions  through the conference committee that was appointed by the House and  the Senate when Senator Schumer made a big decision. He said that  Democrats were likely to bring to the floor another reckless tax-and- spending bill like Build Back Better, although in a different version.  Our Democratic colleagues got the bright idea that they wanted to  revive something like the Green New Deal, increase taxes on working  families, and give runaway inflation even more staying power.   Well, Senator McConnell, the Republican leader, and Members of the  Republican conference thought that was a bad idea and said that there  would not be a bipartisan conference bill and a partisan, reckless tax- and-spending spree bill. It wasn't a threat; it was just a statement of  fact. There is no such thing as negotiating with our Senate colleagues  on the Democratic side while they sit on the sidelines drafting  partisan legislation.   The provisions negotiated out of the bipartisan bill wouldn't land in  the trash; they would simply be recycled through a partisan  reconciliation bill. But Senator Manchin, the Senator from West  Virginia, put an end to that last week when he killed the bill that  would increase taxes on families and small businesses and implement  costly Green New Deal climate policies. In my book, that is a big win  for the American people, who are already facing high prices at grocery  stores and at the filling station.   With this reckless tax-and-spending spree reconciliation bill dead  and buried, there is now an opening to do something that we can agree  upon on a bipartisan basis. I spent the weekend talking with a number  of our colleagues, both Republicans and Democrats, and I am cautiously  optimistic that we can now proceed to a vote on the USICA bill or some  version of it. Based on our discussions, it sounds like the majority  leader will bring a narrower bill to the floor that focuses on chips  funding--again, something that has been pending now for more than 2  years--as well as tax incentives for manufacturers.   This bill will not be USICA, though, and it won't be ``Endless  Frontier,'' which was the name of the bill when it was initially  introduced, and it sounds like a far cry from the COMPETES Act, which  was the House's partisan response; rather, from all reports, it focuses  on the core issue of reshoring American semiconductor manufacturing  here in the United States.   With COVID-19, we became aware of a lot of supply chain  vulnerabilities that I think we just, frankly, were not aware of. It is  one thing to be aware of a supply chain for things like toys or  consumer items, but it is another to be dependent on a supply chain--a  foreign supply chain--for something as critical to our way of life and  our economy and our national security as advanced semiconductors.   What Senator Warner and I initially proposed and what I hope we will  be voting on this week provides market-based incentives to close the  cost gap between manufacturing overseas in places like Taiwan and doing  so here in the United States. According to a Taiwan semiconductor  manufacturing company located in Taipei, they figure it costs about 30  percent less to manufacture these high-end semiconductors in Taiwan  than it does in the United States.   If we are going to get some of that manufacturing capacity back here  to the United States to protect us against potential blockades, whether  it comes from a military conflict or a pandemic or a natural disaster,  we are going to have to find a way to provide incentives for those  manufacturing, fabrication facilities to be located here in the United  States. That is what we are talking about.   There is a closing window of opportunity for us to act. Secretary  Raimondo, the Secretary of Commerce in the Biden administration, has  made clear, as have various CEOs of semiconductor companies, that if  the United States does not act soon, they will have to make a business  decision to locate their manufacturing facilities in other places in  the world where those incentives are already provided. But it does  nothing to protect the U.S. economy or national security to have  another fab or manufacturing facility located somewhere else around the  world. We need them here in the United States if we are going to  protect our economy and guard against those national security threats.   So if we don't make a decision soon--and I am talking about in the  next couple of weeks--then we can kiss those manufacturing facilities  goodbye, and places like Texas, Ohio, Arizona, and other States around  the country that might benefit from that construction and the high- paying jobs that go along with them will see them taken to Europe or  somewhere else.   Well, even though the Senator from West Virginia said he would not  support the reckless tax-and-spending portion of the reconciliation  bill, it is possible our colleagues will move forward with a slimmed- down version of an already-slimmed-down reconciliation bill that would  require the Federal Government to set a price for drugs covered by  Medicare--a move which I believe will stifle innovation. Price fixing  always results in scarcity, meaning consumers--particularly seniors-- will have less access to choice. It would also extend ObamaCare  subsidies for insurance companies and prop up the struggling healthcare  marketplace.    It is clear that I oppose those provisions and the perennial effort  to legislate on a partisan basis, but the truth is, if the Democrats  have 50 votes plus the Vice President, they can pass it notwithstanding  Republican opposition. We all understand that. But given the fact that  these horrific tax increases are off the table as a result of the  announcement from the senior Senator from West Virginia, I believe we  are in a posture where we can go forward with the chips funding and  other related provisions, and I hope we will be able to take action on  that in the coming days.   