 Mr. President, I rise to ask my colleagues to join me in  honoring Max Morrissey and Ben Morrissey, two brothers who went to work  on September 20 at the BP-Husky oil refinery in Oregon, OH, and never  returned home.   In the tragic explosion at the refinery that night, Max and Ben were  fatally injured. At 34 and 32, their lives were cut short. Max and Ben  were loving husbands and fathers, proud union steelworkers with Local  1-346, and lifelong Ohioans. They spent their lives serving their  families, their community, their union, and their country through their  dedication to their jobs and through Max Morrissey's distinguished  service in the U.S. Navy. Their work at the plant powered our State,  our economy, and provided for their families.   Family was everything to Max and Ben. They shared a dedication and  commitment to each other, to their parents, to their wives, and to  their young children.   On Friday, I visited the steelworkers hall. I had the honor of  speaking with the Morrissey family and Max and  [[Page S5146]]  Ben's steelworker brothers and sisters in Local 1-346. From all I  learned about Max and Ben, I know their memories will live on. I know  their legacies will be upheld by those whom they loved and who loved  them so.   We talked about this pin I wear, a canary pin given to me years ago  at a Workers Memorial Day in Lorain, OH, by a steelworker honoring the  workers who lost their lives on the job, working and supporting their  economy and building a life, a future for their families.   This pin is a depiction of a canary in a birdcage. If you know labor  history--and I know the Presiding Officer from Georgia knows this--the  mineworkers used to take the canary in a cage down into the mines. If  the canary died from lack of oxygen or toxic gas, the mineworker got  quickly out of the mine. He had no union strong enough in those days to  protect him and no government that cared enough to protect him. A  strong union changed that because of worker safety laws and because of  the labor movement.   This tragedy reminds us that our work to protect workers and make our  workplaces safer never ever ends. No worker should ever have to worry  about not returning home at the end of the day. No family should ever  have to be concerned about that, not steelworkers like Max and Ben, not  first responders who rush to their aid--no one.   I want to recognize those first responders--the steelworkers, the  fire brigade, the Oregon Fire Department--those first responders at the  scene whose bravery made a difference.   Today, we rededicate ourselves to Max and Ben's example of dignity of  work, importance of family and community. Our thoughts are with the  Morrissey family, with all those who knew and loved Max and Ben, and  with those who worked alongside them.   I yield the floor.   