 Mr. President, we are running out of Senators from  Vermont. I think that is it.   (Laughter.)   Let me begin by thanking a number of my Senate colleagues who have  worked so hard on this issue. Let me thank, among others, Senators  Merkley, Klobuchar, Booker, Warner, King, Leahy, Durbin, Kaine, and  others for their efforts on this important issue.   I will be brief because there is not a whole lot that I can add to  the excellent statements that so many other Senators have made. Let me  just say this: For some, the issue we are debating today may seem  complicated, to be understood only by lawyers, constitutional scholars,  and those handfuls of people who actually understand the opaque rules  of the U.S. Senate. I just want to say that, if this is what you think,  you are wrong. What we are debating today is not complicated; it is  really quite simple. Here is what it is about.   Joe Biden won the 2020 Presidential election, period. You may have  liked that result or you may not have liked it, but he won. He won in  an election that Donald Trump's own Department of Homeland Security  determined to be the most secure election in American history.   After the election, Trump and his supporters filed more than 60  lawsuits in State and Federal courts, repeating their false claims and  trying to reverse the election results. These lawsuits were rejected  time and time again, including with judges whom Trump himself  appointed. Nonetheless, the former President continued to claim--and to  this day continues to claim despite all of the evidence--that the  election was stolen and that he actually won in a landslide.   Not only are his statements and actions delusional, they are worse.  In repeating this Big Lie over and over again, he not only cast doubts  about the 2020 election, but, in fact, in a disgraceful and  unprecedented way for a President, he is undermining the very  foundations of American democracy.    Shamefully, Republican leaders all across this country, including  Republican Members of the U.S. Senate, either repeated Trump's lies or  tried to walk a very, very thin line around them. Trump's one-man  dominance over the Republican Party is now so strong that few  Republican officials are prepared to state openly what they know in  their hearts to be true, and that is that Trump is a pathological liar  and a threat to democracy and this country and our very way of life.   In any case, the predictable result of all of this was that  Republican Governors and legislatures all over this country saw Trump's  Big Lie and fearmongering as an opportunity--a golden opportunity--to  solidify their political positions.   Acting under the guise of voter integrity, despite the fact that our  Nation has very little voter fraud--thank God--they proceeded to pass  election laws in 19 States that make it harder for people to vote, with  a special focus on people of color, young people, poor people, and  people with disabilities--people who might be inclined to vote against  them. In many cases, they also created election districts through  extreme gerrymandering that have no rationale other than to make  certain that Republicans retain control over State legislatures. In  other cases, they are cutting back on the authority of independent  election officials and giving that power to partisan legislatures.   Today, in order to address this crisis in American democracy, Members  of the Senate will be casting two very important votes.   The first will be on the Freedom to Vote Act. This bill goes a long  way to ending voter suppression and, in fact, making it easier, not  harder, for American citizens to vote. It establishes automatic voter  registration and online voter registration. It celebrates democracy by  making election day a national holiday so that people can vote at a  time other than after work. It establishes uniform early voting and  same-day registration.   This bill also ends partisan gerrymandering and roots out the undue  influence of special interest money in buying elections. Imagine that.  Imagine that. We would actually know the names of billionaires who put  huge amounts of money into super PACs that buy elections. What a  terrible thing. We would actually know who these people are.   This bill would also provide increased protection in the voting  process to voters with disabilities, the military, overseas voters, and  underserved communities, and much, much more.   This is a very significant piece of legislation. Now, why would  anybody be opposed to it? Why, in a nation that has a history of  denying the vote to African Americans, denying the vote to Native  Americans, denying the vote to women, denying the vote to low-income  Whites, would any fairminded person be in opposition to making it  easier for all citizens to vote?   That is what I understood when I went to elementary school. You know,  you play by the rules. You do your best. Sometimes you win, and  sometimes you lose. That is the process. But no one ever told me that  what politics is about is working overtime to try to prevent people  from voting just because they might vote against you.   Our job should be to increase voter turnout and make it easier for  people to participate, which is what this legislation does. I want this  country to have the highest voter turnout of any nation's on Earth, not  one of the lowest.   But let's be clear. This enormously important bill--a bill to protect  the foundations of American democracy--will fail. It will fail because,  according to Senate rules, it will require 60 votes to pass, and in a  50-50 Senate, not one Republican will vote for it. It will likely get  50 votes, which, with the Vice President casting the tie-breaking vote,  would be enough to pass this legislation under majority rule. It will  not get 60 votes--all of which brings us to the second vote, which is  really the most important vote of the day.   That vote will determine whether anything we discuss today--whether  any of the speeches that we give, any of the points that we actually  make--will, in fact, become law. That is the vote to change Senate  rules and establish a talking filibuster--a process which gives the  minority an enormous amount of time to object to legislation and voice  their concerns. The minority, whether it is a Democratic minority or a  Republican minority, would have days and days and days to slow the  process down and to rally the American people around their ideas, but  they would not have forever. At the end of the time allotted, a  majority vote would prevail, which, in my view, is what a democratic  society is all about.   Is changing the Senate rules a radical idea? Oh, my God. For the  first time in history, we are about to do it. It has never been done  before--well, really, not quite. No. As every Member of the Senate  knows, the rules get changed on a fairly regular basis. There is  nothing radical about it. Just a few months ago, in order to raise the  debt ceiling and prevent our government from defaulting on its loans,  the rules were changed so that a 50-vote majority would prevail. We  changed the rules appropriately, and we prevented a default in a  massive worldwide depression.    Just a few years ago, my Republican colleagues, who are so adamantly  against changing rules, well, my goodness, they changed the Senate  rules to allow 50 votes to confirm the President's nominees for the  Supreme Court--oh, my goodness, how shocking--and they got three  conservative Supreme Court Justices as a result.   Rules get changed around here all of the time. And, maybe, just  maybe, we might want to change the rules in order to save American  democracy.   Now, let me conclude by saying this. And I don't know if any of my  other colleagues have made this point, but I will. I regard it as a  very sad day for our country--and I mean this very sincerely--that not  one Republican in this body is prepared to vote for this bill.   Now, I understand why that is the case. I am in politics. I got it. I  know who the leader of their party is. But this, I do not understand. I  can understand Republicans, but this, I do not understand. I do not  understand why two Democrats, who presumably understand the importance  of the Freedom  [[Page S332]]  to Vote Act--and, as I understand it, will vote for the Freedom to Vote  Act--are not prepared to change the rules so that that bill could  actually become law. That, I do not understand.   If you think this bill makes sense and if you are worried about the  future of American democracy and if you are prepared to vote for the  bill, then why are you wasting everybody's time and not voting for the  rule change that allows us to pass the bill? It is like inviting  somebody to lunch, putting out a great spread, and saying you can't  eat. If you are going to vote for the bill, vote to change the rules.   If we can change the rules to prevent a default on our national debt,  if we can change the rules to confirm Supreme Court Justices, we can  certainly change the rules to save American democracy.   Thank you.   