 Madam President, I have had both the good fortune and the  misfortune of working closely with Senator Rob Portman.   I had the misfortune of debating him in 2012. He was kind enough to  play the part of President Obama in my debate practice sessions. He was  relentless, determined, unforgiving, and anxious to delve into the most  minute facts and figures in order to defeat me and to knock any  complacency I might have had out of my heart.   He more than made up for my debate whooping by tirelessly and  repeatedly accompanying me across Ohio and other States, drumming up  support for my campaign, raising money, and jousting with the wing nuts  that tried to derail my campaign.   When I came to the Senate, I found that many of those same  qualities--his relentlessness, determination, tirelessness, and ability  to dig into the details--have made him a singularly successful United  States Senator.   I worked alongside him on several bills. On each occasion, they  became law because he dug into them, negotiated the most thorny of  issues, drove the process to a result, and never, ever gave up.   We formed eight working groups on the bipartisan infrastructure bill  because there were too many conflicts, too many subjects, too many  obstacles for our entire group of 10 to resolve without dividing it  into parts we could deal with one by one.   He then decided that he would be a member of every single one of  those subgroups, knowing that he would be needed to actually drive each  of us to a conclusion and a result.   You see, there are some people in politics who believe that a fiery  speech or a bold appearance on a cable show and a reputation for  fighting the opposition, that that is the measure of success. Not so  Rob Portman.  [[Page S7057]]    He came here to pass bills and actually shape policy that would help  the American people and strengthen our country. He came to fight and  win, not just to fight. And he has won for America time and time again.   More important to me personally than all his winning is his  friendship, his honor, and his character. He is a genuinely good man,  and he is blessed to have married an even better woman. I will miss Rob  Portman in the Senate. As I think many of my colleagues know, he has  been a bit of a stabilizer for me here. I will miss him and Jane in the  neighborhood of our lives.   God bless you, Rob Portman.   