 Madam Speaker, guns are not the cause of evil, just like  the vehicle used by the domestic terrorist in Waukesha, Wisconsin, to  mow down innocent people in a parade killing six was not the cause of  that evil. The person driving it was.   Why aren't the pictures of the victims of that heinous act being  shown by the Democrats on the floor today, like those victims in  Uvalde?   Where was the left's cry to ban vehicles that killed those innocent  lives in Waukesha?   There are no cries to ban cars because that is not on the left's  agenda. Banning guns is. And Democrats use these heinous crimes to  further the long sought-after political objective of disarming America,  and many Democrats in this Chamber have called for outright bans on  certain firearms.   There is a moral decay in our country that has been created by the  left. They have torn down traditional institutions, taken God out of  our classrooms, and systematically destroyed the notion of  traditional families and values.    Just look at these numbers in a recent article from The Christian  Post: Seventy-five percent of most cited school shooters in America are  fatherless; 60 percent of America's rapists grew up without fathers; 63  percent of teenagers who commit suicide don't have a father in their  life; 72 percent of adolescent murderers are fatherless. The same was  true for the murderer at Robb Elementary. And I could go on.   Why isn't the majority talking about that?   Why isn't the majority talking about solutions to have role models in  children's lives?   Because that doesn't accomplish a policy objective for them.   This bill, nor any bill before us this week, will stop mass  shootings. This bill won't even decrease gun violence, and the facts  and evidence from the jurisdictions with similar policies make that  clear. Just look at any holiday weekend in Chicago and see how many  people have been shot with many of these policies already in place.   This bill is simply a step further to restrict the ability of law- abiding citizens to own firearms and defend themselves while doing  nothing to address the cultural rot that leads to these acts.   This bill seeks to take the Second Amendment rights away from 18- to  20-year-olds by taking away their ability to purchase a firearm.   Comparing Census data on the total 18- to 20-year-old population with  Department of Justice data on violent crimes committed by that age  group--and this includes violent crimes not involving guns--only 0.3  percent of 18- to 20-year-olds commit violent crimes in a year.   Madam Speaker, when you look at murder, including murder without  guns, only 0.013 percent of 18- to 20-year-olds commit murder in a  year. So today Democrats are going to take away the lawful right for  99.7 percent of adult Americans between the ages of 18 and 20 for the  acts of a few wicked people.   Now, think about that, Madam Speaker. So the daughter off to college  and living by herself can't buy a shotgun to keep in her home to  protect herself against a rapist all because of 0.3 percent of that age  group has committed a violent crime.   The magazine limits in the bill are even more egregious because it  affects all Americans and all firearms, not just rifles, and will  effectively serve as a ban on most commonly used handguns. As I  demonstrated in the Judiciary Committee last week, numerous firearms  that millions of Americans use every single day to protect themselves  and their families could be rendered useless by a 15-round magazine  limit. And those 15-round magazine limits have absolutely no effect on  solving mass shootings.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to stand for freedom, to stand  for the Constitution, and to stand for the right of law-abiding  citizens to defend themselves.  [[Page H5386]]        