 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Maryland  for yielding me the customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, the rule before us today provides for consideration of a  resolution holding Peter Navarro and Daniel Scavino in contempt of  Congress.   From the very beginning, the select committee has been nothing more  than a partisan tool used by House Democrats to attack their political  opponents. Time and time again, they have run roughshod over our  Constitution and they have run roughshod over the very rules of this  institution. And to what end? To advance their own political agenda.   We need look no further than the resolution establishing the  committee to see their complete disregard for this Chamber. House  Resolution 503 states the Speaker shall appoint 13 members, five of  whom shall be appointed after consultation with minority leaders.  Neither of those ``shall'' clauses have been met.   While this may seem insignificant to my colleagues across the aisle,  it is certainly of consequence to the courts. Let's talk about some  case law.   Yellin v. United States. There the Court reversed the conviction of  contempt of Congress because a congressional committee failed to adhere  to its own rules. The Court explained, ``The committee prepared the  groundwork for prosecution in Yellin's case meticulously.'' Yet, ``It  is not too exacting to require that the committee be equally meticulous  in obeying its own rules.'' I suggest to my Democratic colleagues, heed  those words.   As a former Navy JAG, I am deeply troubled by the committee's  treatment of Mr. Scavino, including clear due process violations. The  select committee repeatedly demanded almost immediate responses from  Mr. Scavino, while waiting for weeks--weeks--to provide responses to  his correspondence.   Further, the select committee has shown complete disregard for Mr.  Scavino's legal duty, his legal duty to invoke the executive privilege,  which he was instructed to do by President Trump. There is no legal  authority that the incumbent President is the final arbiter as to  whether executive privilege may be asserted for congressional testimony  of close aides to a former President.   The Presidential Records Act applies only to Presidential records  within control of the National Archives. That is it. It is a very  narrow statute. That act does not control whether testimony can be  given.  [[Page H4218]]    Let's talk about some more case law. United States v. Nixon. The  Supreme Court held in that case, ``Communications between a President  and his closest aides are entitled to a presumption of privilege of  confidentiality which can be overcome only by a particularized showing  of a need in a criminal case.'' I want to emphasize criminal case. This  is not a criminal case.   Finally, the select committee initially provided Mr. Scavino with 15  topics which they wanted to discuss. That list later grew to 33. The  select committee then went so far as to place the onus on Mr. Scavino,  saying that it is his responsibility to ``identify the specific topics  outside the scope of his asserted privilege.''   As I am sure my friend across the aisle knows, and any lawyer on the  other side of the aisle knows, the burden is not on the subject of the  deposition to identify the topics on which they can be questioned. The  Supreme Court found--and here is some more case law--in Watkins v.  United States, the Supreme Court found in that case, `` . . . a person  compelled to testify is entitled to have knowledge of the subject to  which the interrogation is deemed pertinent. . . . `'   If the select committee wanted to conduct a legitimate investigation,  they would not be rushing to hold Mr. Scavino in contempt after  imposing unreasonable and unattainable timelines, ignoring legitimate  assertions of a privilege, and then refusing legitimate accommodations.   It is clear the resolution before us today is not about a witness'  refusal to testify or refusing to comply with a congressional subpoena.  This is all about Democrats' need to further their partisan agenda.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the previous question and vote  ``no'' on the rule. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   My good friend from Maryland was talking about some case law. I will  talk case law all day. Here are three real fast:   Quinn v. United States. The Supreme Court said that Congress cannot  issue a subpoena for law enforcement purpose.   Watkins v. United States. Congress has no authority to issue a  subpoena to compel exposure for the sake of exposure.   McGrain v. Daugherty. Congress may not issue a subpoena in an attempt  to try someone before a committee for any crime of wrongdoing.   I have ample case law up here that will show, at the very best, for  my friends across the aisle that case law is unsettled, but it is very  likely on the side of Mr. Scavino and Mr. Navarro.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms.  Herrell) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. Bost) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Rutherford) for the purpose of a unanimous consent  request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Joyce) for the purpose of a unanimous consent  request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  [[Page H4219]]  the great State of Texas (Mr. Jackson) for the purpose of a unanimous  consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Kansas (Mr. LaTurner) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Oklahoma (Mr. Cole), the Rules Committee ranking member, for the  purpose of a unanimous consent request.     Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Idaho  (Mr. Fulcher) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Indiana (Mr. Baird) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from  Iowa (Mrs. Hinson) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Burgess), a Rules Committee member, for the purpose of a unanimous  consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from  Illinois (Mrs. Miller) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Arizona (Mr. Biggs) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. LaHood) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Michigan (Mr. Walberg) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Pfluger) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Alabama (Mr. Moore) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio  (Mr. Wenstrup) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Kansas (Mr. Mann) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Tennessee (Mr. Kustoff) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from South  Carolina (Mr. Norman) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Wisconsin (Mr. Grothman) for the purpose of a unanimous consent  request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from  Georgia (Mrs. Greene) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Keller) for the purpose of a unanimous consent  request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Utah  (Mr. Curtis) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Alabama (Mr. Carl) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Alabama (Mr. Aderholt) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from  Texas (Ms. Van Duyne) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Washington (Mr. Newhouse) for the purpose of a unanimous consent  request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio  (Mr. Balderson) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Allen) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Minnesota (Mr. Stauber) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Ferguson) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Carter) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from  Florida (Mrs. Cammack) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Clyde) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from  Arizona (Mrs. Lesko) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from  South Carolina (Ms. Mace) for the purpose of a unanimous consent  request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Gimenez) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  [[Page H4221]]  Alabama (Mr. Palmer) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Nebraska (Mr. Smith) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Cline) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Hice) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Arizona (Mr. Gosar) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Virginia (Mr. Good) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Garcia) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Louisiana (Mr. Scalise), the Republican whip, for the purpose of a  unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Jacobs) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from  California (Mrs. Steel) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from  Oklahoma (Mrs. Bice) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from  Missouri (Mrs. Hartzler) for the purpose of a unanimous consent  request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Arkansas (Mr. Hill) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Weber) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Meuser) for the purpose of a unanimous consent  request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Mississippi (Mr. Palazzo) for the purpose of a unanimous consent  request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  California (Mr. LaMalfa) for the purpose of a unanimous consent  request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Babin) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Nehls) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Garbarino) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Williams) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from New  York (Ms. Malliotakis) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from  Florida (Ms. Salazar) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Posey) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio  (Mr. Latta) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from North  Carolina (Mr. Bishop) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Tennessee (Mr. Burchett) for the purpose of a unanimous consent  request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Roy) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  Kansas (Mr. Estes) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from  California (Mr. McCarthy), the Republican leader, for the purpose of a  unanimous consent request.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman  from California (Mr. McCarthy), the Republican leader.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   To my colleague from Maryland, I will argue this case any day of the  week, and I think that, ultimately, this will be resolved by the  courts. I have got stacks, like I said, of case law to support my  argument.   But to call what you just saw absurd, or a waste of time, I don't  think the American people think it is absurd to care about the crisis  at our southern border; the amount of illegal immigrants coming across  the border; the amount of fentanyl that is coming across the border  that is literally killing people in the interior.   Let's look at some numbers on this. Just last week, the CBP confirmed  [[Page H4224]]  more than 300,000 illegal immigrants evaded Border Patrol, just in the  last 6 months alone.   Alarmingly, Border Patrol warned that the Biden border crisis is  already worsening in anticipation of the administration's rollback of  title 42.   You just heard 68 Republicans, plus the Republican leader, request to  consider legislation that will provide for stringent enforcement of  title 42, which allows illegal immigrants to be quickly expelled from  the United States.   But clearly, House Democrats aren't concerned about the biggest  migration crisis our Nation has ever faced. So let's try this another  way.   If we defeat the previous question, I will personally offer an  amendment to the rule to immediately consider H.R. 471, the PAUSE Act  of 2021.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment into the Record, along with any extraneous material,  immediately prior to the vote for the previous question.    Mr. Speaker, here to explain the amendment is the  bill's author. I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from New Mexico  (Ms. Herrell), my good friend.     Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Ben Shapiro says the ``facts don't care about your feelings,'' and  they don't. And I will say this: The case law doesn't care about what  your political position is.   So if you want to talk about more case law, how about Trump v.  Thompson, 2022, Justice Kavanaugh ruled: ``A former President must be  able to successfully invoke the Presidential communications privilege  for communications that occurred during his Presidency, even if the  current President does not support the privilege claim.''   I have got more and more case law that I could produce. But let's  just go back to the fact that this select committee is a partisan  political hit job. If this really had a legitimate legislative  function, then let me ask you this: Where are the subpoenas for the  former House Sergeant at Arms and the former head of the D.C. National  Guard? We haven't seen those subpoenas.    What about questions and subpoenas that are designed to elicit  information about why this Capitol was left unprepared and how to  prevent it from happening again? That would be a legitimate legislative  function.   What we are seeing is this committee masquerading as if it is some  kind of grand jury, which is wholly inappropriate and a violation of  the separation of powers.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from the great State  of Texas (Mr. Roy), to talk more about this.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3\1/2\ minutes to the  gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. Cammack).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from New York (Mr. Katko), the ranking member of the Homeland Security  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to  the gentleman from New York.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to  the gentleman from New York.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman  from North Carolina (Mr. Bishop).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to  the gentleman from North Carolina.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I just want to check if there are any  further speakers that my friend from across the aisle has.    Mr. Speaker, at this time I have no further  speakers, and I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, I consider the gentleman across the aisle a  friend, and it is certainly an honor and a privilege to debate law with  him given the fact that he is a renowned constitutional law expert. I  mean that sincerely. It is fun being up here with the gentleman. So  knowing that he has the last word, I do just have to cite one more case  for my good friend.   I just keep going back to the Trump v. Thompson where Justice  Kavanaugh said that there are only two very narrow exceptions to this  privilege. Number one, which can be found in United States v. Nixon,  relates to a pending criminal trial. There is no pending criminal trial  here. That exception is not applicable.   The second narrow exception is one found in Senate Select Committee  v. Nixon. In there, it is whether the subpoenaed evidence is  demonstrably critical to the responsible fulfillment of a committee's  function. I am quoting the precedent here. That case law goes on to  state that there are clear differences between Congress' legislative  tasks and the responsibility of a grand jury.   He went on further to describe that Congress frequently legislates on  the basis of conflicting information provided in its hearings all the  time. So I would submit that that exception does not apply either.  Reasonable minds can differ, but I am very confident that the case law  here supports the case of Mr. Scavino.   With that said, the law notwithstanding, it seems that my friends  across the aisle have proven time and time again that they don't care  about the separation of powers, they don't care about the protection of  our constitutional rights, and they don't even care about the rules of  the House. They only do if those items fit a political narrative.   It is very clear to me that from the Select Committee to Investigate  the January 6th Attack on the United States Capitol's treatment of Mr.  Scavino and from the resolution before us today that they would prefer  to keep up their political theater rather than conduct a legitimate  congressional investigation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the previous  question and ``no'' on the rule, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   