 Mr. Speaker, Kamala who? In all seriousness, it is  unfortunate that Vice President Harris has not fulfilled her mission to  be the border czar. It is awful.   Did you see the news today in regard to the free phones that the  White House Press Secretary talked about today, free phones for  migrants?   Think about it. I was down in Panama almost a year ago and went to  the Darien Gap. Who did I see? IOM, the International Organization for  Migration. Where do they get their money? They get a lot of their money  from the United Nations. Who puts the most money into the United  Nations? Yes, Americans do.   Back home on the farm, we used to refer to this as--my colleague from  Texas just said how many, how many? I would say to you also: How much?   We used to refer to it as eating your seed corn. Americans pay an  international organization to send debit cards for these people to take  themselves up the Panama pipeline all the way to the southern border.  Then you pay for a bus ride to get them to the airport. Then you pay  for an airline ride: Philadelphia, Baltimore, wherever. They are going  around the country.   Then you pay for the education, the free education they are going to  get.   You pay for the healthcare.   That is what you Americans are paying for every single day for over 2  million people, and it is about to get worse.   To highlight how it is going to get worse and how obtuse this side of  the aisle is, we are sitting in the Committee on the Judiciary today  creating another loophole in the Virgin Islands. There is another  loophole that is being created for visa waiver privileges, something  that we saw in the Mariana Islands that was created about a decade ago  under the Obama administration where they allowed parole for people to  be able to come in, Chinese nationals.   There were maybe, like, eight births that were being done on those  islands prior to this change that was quietly made in the law. It  accelerated to--there were, like, 600 births of Chinese nationals that  happened in the Mariana Islands as a result of this loophole.   If you want to see the reporting on it, The Wall Street Journal did  an excellent job. It was one of our intelligence agencies in 2017 that  really dug into this.   Yes, here is this huge loophole, and they want to now create it in  the Virgin Islands. That is what we are voting on tonight in the  Committee on the Judiciary.    They want to create another loophole, and they are, like, oh, it will  only be a few people. Do the American people believe that?    Mr. Speaker, every State is a border State, including my  State of Wisconsin.    Mr. Speaker, so if I may extend my point a little bit.  Think about it. Tonight, we are debating, in the Judiciary Committee,  creating another loophole. It shows how unserious they are, how they do  not have the interests of the American people at hand. They want to  create another loophole, and this one is in the Virgin Islands, not in  the South Pacific.   People are going to be able to be funneled in here by the thousands  as a result of that loophole--just another way to bring people into  this country to compete against hardworking Americans who have to not  only try to make their way up the scale, the economic ladder here in  America, but now, with inflation, they have to fight that, too.    Mr. Speaker, the chairman could lead the way. He could  lead the way.   