 Madam President, I rise today to discuss the acute dangers  to American national security that have formed and are deepening across  the Western Hemisphere.   These dangers have coalesced because of the comprehensive and  catastrophic policies pursued by President Biden and his  administration. Already, nine governments across South America, Central  America, and the Caribbean are controlled by socialists. All of these  governments, with only one exception, are also overtly and  ideologically anti-American. They are committed to undermining American  security and to endangering Americans.   This weekend, on Sunday, Colombia will become the 10th government in  the region controlled by the hard left when the country's new  President, Gustavo Petro, will take office. I am deeply worried that  once he does, Colombia will also join the ranks of anti-American forces  in Latin America.   Petro is the first openly Marxist to be elected President of  Colombia. He was brought to power by Colombia's leftist fringe,  including guerrillas and terrorist groups.   Colombians had rightly and for decades resisted Marxism and rejected  the hard left. The first reason for this is that Marxists have long  been violent guerrillas who have wreaked havoc in Colombia. The second  reason is that Colombians are well aware of what has happened in other  Latin American countries that have elected or have seen leftists seize  power. Cuba and Venezuela, for example, have endured socialist and  communist regimes that have tortured, killed, silenced dissidents, have  denied freedom and driven countless people into exile, forcing many to  flee or be murdered.   People are rightly asking: What happened? The answer, unfortunately,  is as straightforward as it is worrying. Joe Biden and his policies  happened. The Biden administration seems ideologically committed to  systematically alienating our allies and empowering our enemies. In  this goal--and perhaps only this goal--they have been wildly  successful.   Since Joe Biden has been in office, we have seen forces for evil in  Iran, in Afghanistan, in Russia, in China, in Venezuela, and in Cuba  gain strength while our friends and allies in Israel, Ukraine, Hong  Kong, and Taiwan have felt abandoned and alone. And this pattern has  been repeated in the Western Hemisphere.   In Mexico, we are seeing deepening civil unrest and the erosion of  civil society. The breakdown of the rule of law across our southern  border--a crisis directly caused by Joe Biden's policies and political  decisions--poses acute national security challenges and dangers to the  United States.   Mexican President Lopez Obrador seems intent on making these trends  worse, and when I questioned a Biden State Department official on  Obrador's targeting of American companies and the nationalization of  energy in Mexico, he wouldn't even admit that those were bad things.  And if he is not willing to admit to the Senate Foreign Relations  Committee that the leftist President of Mexico's targeting of American  companies and the nationalization of energy in Mexico are bad things,  then we can be certain the Biden administration is also unwilling to  convey that to Mexico.   When we saw Cubans flood the streets last summer, yelling  ``Libertad'' and waving American flags, the Biden administration  couldn't even bring itself to come out with a strong support and  statement for the people marching in the streets of Cuba. In statement  after statement, as protesters swept into the streets, administration  officials failed to unequivocally support the protesters and critically  failed to condemn the brutal thugs that the communist regime was  sending to assault, brutalize, and silence the speech of Cuban citizens  seeking freedom.   When it came to Colombia, the Biden administration went out of its  way to undermine and to alienate the pro-American government of  Colombian President Duque. President Biden denied Duque a call for the  first 5 months of the administration, providing morale and momentum for  Duque's domestic enemies. Biden did finally call Duque at the end of  June that year--after his helicopter came under attack by anti- government terrorists.   And what was the reward Biden had for the terrorists?   Well, just a few months later, Biden removed the FARC, the  Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, from the list of terrorist  organizations. He also dismantled terrorism sanctions on individual  FARC members. FARC is an organization of Marxist-Leninist  narcoterrorists who, for decades, have killed, kidnapped, and extorted  Colombians and seized and murdered American citizens.   FARC continues to pose an acute threat to Colombian security and to  American interests in the region, but the Biden administration has  treated it like other terrorist groups, with weakness and appeasement  and worse. Just last week, House Republicans announced that the  administration may well be distributing assistance to former FARC  terrorists. So the inevitable occurred; the Colombian far left  [[Page S4015]]  gained momentum, and Petro was elected.   This is what happens--this is what always happens--when America  abandons our friends. Colombia has been an indispensable ally to the  United States. Our relationship stems back 200 years. We have deep  economic and security ties. We provide Colombia with almost a half a  billion dollars in aid every single year--a testament to the breadth  and depth of our ties.   Petro says he will work hand in hand with Nicolas Maduro's oppressive  regime in Venezuela. He is looking to work with the National Liberation  Army, a terrorist organization in Colombia. He will embrace the FARC.  He says he wants to stop oil production and to roll back cooperation  with the United States on stopping drug trafficking. In fact, Petro  seems deeply committed to weakening and undermining the United States- Colombian relationship.   I hope and pray that he doesn't weaken it. I hope and pray that his  rhetoric and language in the past is not carried forward in policies  when his administration begins. I want to see Colombia remain a close  U.S. ally. I don't want to see Colombia follow the example of other  socialist governments in the Western Hemisphere. We know where that  leads.   Both Cuba and Venezuela used to be prosperous countries until  leftists came to power. Venezuela, in 1950, was the fourth wealthiest  country on the face of the Earth. The United States was first.  Switzerland was second. New Zealand was third. Venezuela was No. 4.  Then socialist dictators came to power, including Hugo Chavez and  Nicolas Maduro, and they destroyed much of that mighty nation. The  quality of life deteriorated so much in Venezuela that people are  literally eating out of trash cans in alleyways as they flee the  country by the millions.   In Cuba, when Fulgencio Batista staged a coup and became a brutal  dictator in the 1950s, my father was a teenager in Cuba, and he fought  against Batista's cruel regime. My father was imprisoned and tortured.  He was beaten in a Cuban jail. He had his nose broken. He had his teeth  broken out of his mouth. My father fled Cuba in 1957. He came to  America--he came to Texas--seeking freedom. He had $100 in his  underwear. He didn't speak English. He washed dishes while making 50  cents an hour.   In 1959, Castro and the communist revolution succeeded there. Shortly  thereafter, my father returned to Cuba only to be horrified at the evil  and oppression that Castro had brought--at the murder, at the torture,  at the suffering, at the poverty. My aunt, my Tia Sonia--his kid  sister--was still in Cuba. My Tia Sonia fought in the counterrevolution  against Castro, and my Tia Sonia was imprisoned and tortured by  Castro's thugs.   This is the future that may well be awaiting Latin American countries  that embrace socialism. This is the pattern we have seen over and over  and over again. Petro was elected, but if he follows the pattern of  other leftist dictators, it may prove to be the last free election in  Colombia.   So how has the Biden administration handled Petro's rise to power,  which their own weakness and their own appeasement facilitated? With  yet more weakness and appeasement.   Both Joe Biden and Secretary of State Blinken effusively  congratulated Petro: How great, an anti-American Marxist and a close  ally of ours in Latin America.   They said they looked forward to working with him on shared  interests. I hope those shared interests don't include undermining the  United States of America.   There is value in clarity. There is value in telling the truth about  what socialism does to a country from the bully pulpit of the United  States.   If the Biden administration won't support American allies, if they  will actively undermine American allies like they did the pro-American  government of President Duque's, and if the President won't check our  adversaries and stand up to our enemies, then Congress must.   Last month, I introduced legislation that would reimpose terrorism  sanctions on the FARC and on FARC-related terrorists. Those sanctions  should never have been removed, and doing so highlighted the lack of  respect and support for our friends and allies in Colombia. Mere months  before the Colombian election, Joe Biden's delisting of the FARC  contributed to the election of an anti-American Marxist. My bill is a  commonsense first step to restoring America's policy toward Colombia.  The Senate Foreign Relations Committee voted on my bill, and, sadly,  every Senate Democrat voted no.   However, much of the damage has already been done, and this weekend,  Petro will take office. American policy, I believe, must be  recalibrated to acknowledge that reality. Again, I hope and pray that  Petro does not lead his country into the camp of anti-American  socialists who have become ascendent during the Biden administration,  but we would be reckless and maybe even delusional not to take him at  his word because that is what he has said he intends to do.   So I will shortly be introducing another bill--the CAUTION Act--the  Colombia Assistance Used Transparently by Institutionalizing Oversight  Now.   This bill will comprehensively condition all of our aid to Colombia  based on what path Petro will choose. If he cuts back defense  coordination with the United States, my bill will ensure that he gets  no more money for security coordination. If he cuts back cooperation on  drug trafficking, my bill will ensure he gets no more money for  counternarcotics. If he refuses to help dampen illegal immigration, my  bill will ensure he gets no more money for development assistance.   I am not interested in giving anti-American leftists American tax  dollars as aid. I believe our foreign policy should use carrots and  sticks in order to incentivize other countries to behave in a way that  benefits American interests and strengthens our friendships and in a  way that discourages countries from seeking to harm and undermine the  United States of America.   This is an inflection point, and America must be clear: We don't  support Marxists in Latin America. Any leftist leader who chooses  socialism will be held accountable by the United States and, at a  minimum, will no longer be funded by the U.S. taxpayers to undermine  our great Nation.   I hope this bill earns bipartisan support because standing up for the  interests of America and standing up to save the United States- Colombian friendship and alliance is a national interest that  transcends partisan lines. If President Biden won't stand up for  America, then I hope and pray that the Congress will.   I yield the floor.   