 Madam President, I rise today to recognize the  significant legislative victories the Senate recently delivered for  women veterans with the passage of two pieces of legislation to  modernize breast cancer screening polices and the delivery of  lifesaving care for women veterans.   Breast cancer is the second most common cancer for women. For women  veterans and servicemembers, the incidence of breast cancer is  estimated to be up to 40 percent higher than the general population.   Given the dangerous environments in which military members serve and  additional risk factors associated with these locations, it is long  overdue for the Department of Veterans Affairs to update its policies  for administering mammograms.   We know early detection is crucial to preventing and treating breast  cancer, so making sure those who are more vulnerable receive screenings  at a younger age is not only reasonable but critical.   This would have helped Dr. Kate Hendricks Thomas, a Marine veteran,  who was unaware of her increased risk for breast cancer. She shared her  memories of deployment to Fallujah in 2005 with the Senate Veterans'  Affairs Committee last year.   She understood the risk associated with IEDs, and she remembers the  burn pits--so commonplace, they were largely ignored--but she wasn't  concerned with the impact of what she called ``the flaming poison''  surrounding her would have on her own health.   In a routine medical appointment with her VHA health provider in  2018, Kate thought it was odd she was recommended to undergo a  mammogram. That exam subsequently led to her diagnosis of stage IV  breast cancer. She was 38 years old.   That is devastating news for anyone to face, and I know the entire  Senate joins me in praying for Kate as she continues her fight against  cancer.   Nobody would blame her for focusing on her own health battle, but she  knows her story wouldn't be the last if something didn't change.   That is why Kate is being an advocate for modernizing VA policies so  other veterans don't experience the same struggles she is living with.   We honored her activism by crafting and passing the Dr. Kate  Hendricks Thomas Supporting Expanded Review for Veterans in Combat  Environments Act. It will broaden veteran access to mammograms and also  require the VA to compile data regarding the rates of breast cancer  among members of the veteran and civilian population so we can continue  improving procedures to better treat breast cancer patients.   The Senate also unanimously passed the MAMMO for Veterans Act to  expand access to high-quality breast cancer screenings, improving  imaging services in rural areas, and clinical trials through  partnerships with the National Cancer Institute.   The VA is uniquely positioned to be a leader in the prevention and  treatment of breast cancer. Taking full advantage of the Department's  unique capabilities, resources, and outreach will help deliver the  lifesaving care that veterans deserve.   Passage of the Dr. Kate Hendricks Thomas SERVICE Act and the MAMMO  for Veterans Act reflects the bipartisan support for improving veteran  services and benefits. I appreciate Senator Wyden's support and the  leadership in the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee and the leadership  of Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee Chairman Tester, who has been my  reliable partner in advancing policies to improve the VA's care and  services for women.   The VA estimates women make up 10 percent of our Nation's veteran  population and continues to be the fastest growing population.   Last Congress, we made significant progress to expand VA's care and  services for women with the passage of the landmark Deborah Sampson  Act.   This was an important first step, and the legislation we passed last  month continues to build on this foundation so we can fulfill the  promise made to women who served in our Nation's uniform.   I am pleased the Senate has approved these policies, and I urge my  colleagues in the House of Representatives to follow our example and  quickly approve the Dr. Kate Hendricks Thomas SERVICE Act and the MAMMO  for Veterans Act so that they can be signed into law.   The women who have served our country in uniform need to know we are  taking every step available to protect their health. These bills are an  important downpayment in that mission.   I yield the floor.   