 Madam President, I rise today to mark the week beginning  on September 11, 2022, as National Direct Support Professionals  Recognition Week. Direct support professionals assist millions of  individuals living with disabilities to perform a wide range of  [[Page S4805]]  essential daily tasks such as meal preparation, transportation, and  medication management. Direct support professionals provide critical  home- and community-based services--HCBS--that allow individuals to  stay connected with their communities.   As direct support professionals stepped up during the pandemic and  provided care while facing increased personal risks as frontline  workers, many faced long-standing difficulties such as inadequate wages  and benefits. These challenges disproportionately affect racial and  ethnic minorities, who comprise 62 percent of the home care workforce,  which includes direct support professionals. These issues have led to  high turnover and vacancy rates, contributing to a growing shortage of  direct support professionals.   Even as this shortage persists and millions of jobs in the field  remain open, demand for direct support professionals is expected to  increase by at least 1.4 million new direct care jobs by 2026,  according to PHI. An insufficient number of direct support  professionals will likely mean longer wait lists for individuals  seeking assistance, force providers to turn away new referrals, or  discontinue programs and services. These circumstances hurt quality of  care and put further stress on family caregivers.   Under President Biden's leadership, we have taken steps to invest in  home- and community-based services by building up the home care  workforce and expanding access to care. I am proud to have voted for  the American Rescue Plan Act, which--among many critical provisions-- included $12.7 billion for HCBS. I am also a cosponsor of the Better  Care Better Jobs Act, which would build on the funding from American  Rescue Plan Act by continuing enhanced Medicaid funding for HCBS for  States that expand access to these services and invest in the  workforce, such as the direct support professionals.   It is more important than ever that we take the time to recognize the  work of those who choose to be direct support professionals. I would  like to congratulate two Marylanders who were recognized this year for  their work as direct support professionals: Maria Swift of Penn-Mar  Humans Services received the American Network of Community Options and  Resources' National Direct Support Professional of the Year Award and  Tammy Wright of Consumer Direct Care Network received the Maryland  State award. Maria and Tammy are making an enormous difference and I  appreciate their service to others. I would also like to thank Senators  Collins, Blumenthal, Brown, Casey, Kaine, King, Klobuchar, Menendez,  Smith, Van Hollen, and Warren for joining me in showing our  appreciation for direct support professionals across the Nation and  recognizing the essential role they play in our healthcare system.   