 I yield myself 11 minutes.    Mr. President, I got a chance to go home. I had some close  family friends who had a loss in their family over the last few days. I  wanted to go back and see them.   I get this email at 3 a.m.--I didn't see it until 5 a.m.--that my 8  a.m. flight was canceled. So I had trouble getting here this morning. I  was finally able to get here in time for the vote we took just a few  hours ago, but I didn't get here for the first two.   So I had a chance that morning to do two things. First, I had a  chance to take my son to football practice. It is that glorious time of  year when high school football is going. Then the other thing I had a  chance to do is I had a chance to go to a Cuban bakery that is close to  my house. I don't get to go often, but when I do go, especially on  weekends, I look for one of these little corners and just sit there.  And I really like to go because I get to hear people talking--people  who live on planet Earth, not people who are here in politics and in  the bubble that is Washington.   And you get to hear people talk. And one of the first things I heard  today is about two ladies who were in line, and they were talking about  how difficult it had become. You know, it is back-to-school shopping  time, and even with the tax-free holiday week that we had in Florida, I  could hear them talking about how much more expensive it was going to  be this year to buy and how the list was longer and everything cost  more--like pencils, all the stuff. I couldn't hear everything. I didn't  want to entirely eavesdrop, but I could hear what they were talking  about.   A few minutes later, these two guys come in. It was like: Hey, are  you taking the boat out today?   No, I am not taking the boat out. I can't take my kids out. The gas  is too expensive. It is crazy to fill it up. It is twice what it used  to be for the boat--x, y, and z.   A few minutes later, someone else came by who was talking about the  reports on the news. We have a massive migration crisis which impacts  the whole country, not just the land border. But we had this weekend, I  think, six or eight Border Patrol engagements in the Florida Keys,  people getting on rafts and leaving and coming there--maybe two more  today.   And it struck me as I am sitting there--and I have been reminded of  this every time I go home, but it really struck me before I came here  today that we like to talk a lot about how divided politics is in  America. And it is. It is very polarized. But I think we make a huge  mistake when we think it is as simple as what normal political  divisions are in this country, which is between Republicans and  Democrats or between the left and the right.   The polarization in American politics, the division--the sharpest  division in American politics today--is between the priorities of  millions and millions of people who live paycheck to paycheck, the  working-class heroes of our country that we have always bragged about,  have always looked up to, that we all recognize make us different than  the rest of the world--between the things that matter to them and what  the people that run this place--and I don't just mean the Senate but  the Federal Government and politics in general--are focused on.    There is a universe of difference between the stuff we spend time  voting on and talking about and arguing about in politics and in this  place and what people are worried about on a daily basis. I know a lot  of you think that everyone is glued to their TV and Twitter watching  everything we are doing here tonight. They are not. They might know  something is going on tonight--maybe--but most people are worried about  their everyday life.   What they expect is that we would be here--I don't know--working on  the things that matter to them. I am telling you that what the people,  by the millions, registered to both political parties--people who voted  for Biden, people who voted for Trump--I am telling you, what they are  worried about is the fact that the streets in many cities in this  country have been turned over to criminals.   We have got prosecutors funded by Soros who refuse to put people in  jail. They won't do it. Entire categories of crime--they won't even  prosecute them. Even in Florida, a State where we do prosecute people,  if you go to a CVS or a Walgreens, everything is locked up behind that  little plastic case because people just walk in and steal the stuff. It  is a spirit of widespread, rampant criminality, and it is worse in  other parts of the country.   One of the reasons why people are leaving these other places--these  were once beautiful, glorious cities. They are unlivable. That is what  people are worried about. They are worried about becoming a victim of a  crime because some animals are running loose terrorizing people and  prosecutors won't do anything about it--not to mention that we spent 2  years demonizing police officers around here as well. That is what they  are worried about.   They are worried about the border. They really are worried about the  border. I get it. Maybe now it is going to change because they are  busing them to New York and here to Washington. But I get it. It is  very easy, in the  [[Page S4161]]  Upper West Side of New York or in the West Hollywood area, to not worry  that much about immigration: We shouldn't have a border. Let's be nice.   But the people whose hospitals are being overrun, whose schools are  being overcrowded, whose communities are being strained are the  communities that are taking this influx--7,000, 8,000 people a day. We  are the only country on this planet that lets people just show up and  say, ``Hey, I am here; I am staying''--the only one.   Mexico doesn't allow you to do that. You can't do that to Mexico. You  can't do that to Canada. You can't do that in Europe. But you can do it  here. People know it.   That is what they are worried about--a huge problem.   And they are worried about the price of everything. People focus on  gas. It is funny. The President said he couldn't control gas prices  until they started going down a little. You know one of the reasons why  it is going down? People are driving less. They are not going on  vacation. They are not taking the boat out because it is expensive.   Frankly, that is what they wanted. Do not be fooled. That is what  they wanted. They were not unhappy about high gas prices. They were  just upset that it happened a few months before an election. But the  Democrats and the left were not unhappy about high gas prices because  they don't want you to drive. They want everybody to take a bus or buy  one of these $90,000 Chinese electric cars. That is what they want  everybody to do. We will talk about that in a minute.   They were not happy, but it is not just that. I don't know how many  people here do their own groceries, but in my house we do. I am just  telling you, it is twice what it used to be. I get it. My kids are  growing, and they eat twice as much, too, but it is twice what it used  to be--on everything, on everything. And that is just food.   That is the other problem with inflation. People talk about  inflation. The inflation that matters the most is the necessities, not  the flat screen TVs, not the new car--the necessities. That is what is  going up in price: housing, clothes, back-to-school supplies, food. All  of that is through the roof--caused, by the way, partially by a bill,  one of the first things they did in March: $1.9 trillion of Federal  money--of your money, the people's money--poured right into the  economy. We had a supply shortage, and we created more demand with all  of that money.   Anyway, that is what people are worried about: inflation, the crime,  the border, the real-life stuff. What have we spent our time focused on  and fighting around here? I can tell you. First, a fake--and I mean  fake, completely fake--electoral rights crisis, election rights  crisis--totally fake. We spent a lot of time on that.   We spent a lot of time arguing about whether we were going to vote on  a bill to make it easier to shoot police officers. We spent a lot of  time around here talking about--in the Federal Government in general-- things like pregnant people, something that does not exist. In the  5,500 years of human history, every single pregnant person that has  ever existed happened to be a woman, but we talk about pregnant people.   We have a military that likes to put out tweets about the proper use  of pronouns. We worry a lot about those things. We have focused a lot  on those things.   Do you know what China is focused on? Blowing up our aircraft  carriers. Maybe we should worry more about that.   This basically is Build Back--whatever the name--Build Back Better  junior, just a little bit less--a lot of money but just less money.  They might as well have voted for the one they had. I don't know why  the Senators who kind of gave them their vote on this didn't just agree  to the other one. This is just a smaller version of that. That is what  this is. But, anyway, that is what we are focused on.    So you can see, we are up here. We are going to vote late at night  and into the morning, which is fine with me. I don't know if it is fine  with everybody, but it is fine with me. But at least, if we are going  to do that, let's be about the things that the people care about, that  matter to the real people in the real world.   It is not. Instead, here is what we are going to do. Here is what we  are going to do. What we are going to spend time on is a $30 billion  slush fund they call green loans. That is what it is, guys. It is a  slush fund. It is for all these people who have companies that are in  the green energy space. Those are their buddies. They are now going to  be able to tap into this loan program. They have done this once before  but not a $30 billion slush fund.   We are going to spend $60 billion solving environmental racism. I  don't even know what that is. I don't know if anybody knows what that  is. Like when they say ``Latinx.'' I thought that was a band. I have  never heard that word before in my life, and I don't know what  environmental racism is.   Nine billion on tax credits to help people that already have electric  cars buy another electric car. Let me tell you guys something. You may  not realize this. I get it, maybe, because the bubble around here is so  thick. So let me tell you the truth. A lot of people who voted for you  guys, as well, are not buying an electric car this year, next year, or  the year after that for a lot of reasons: No. 1, charging stations. It  is the common sense of everyday people. They are not doing it anytime  in the near future. Maybe this will help them 30 years from now or  their grandkids 30 years from now but not today. They are not buying an  electric car because, even with your little rebate, it is still too  much for them.   They are lucky if they can get a new one with gas in it. They have  got to buy a used car. That is another problem we have. We are going to  help, though, with this $9 billion to help people buy tax credits--by  the way, with a Chinese battery in it. Oh, yeah, you can't make those  batteries without China--so, great for China. I imagine spending a  bunch more money on solar panels that are also made in China. And, to  kick it all off, thank God--this is a good one because I know a lot of  people are worried about this--$1.5 billion to plant more trees-- whatever.   And then, on top of all that, they are going to hire an army of IRS  agents. This is the one that I love. They are going to go after the  people who aren't paying enough on their taxes.   Let me explain to you something. I don't like it. I don't necessarily  think it is a good thing, but I am going to explain something to these  people who don't understand this. These billionaires--who, by the way,  fund all their campaigns, just got a huge break in this bill. It is  very ironic that these billionaires, these corporations, these people  have armies of lawyers and law firms and accountants. And I am telling  you, they will fight these agents.   So who do you think these agents are going to go after? Because  fighting these corporations isn't easy, and you will eventually run out  of billionaires to go after. They are going to go after small  businesses. They are going to go after working people--maybe people who  make $250,000 a year. We think that is a lot of money. In some places  it is in this country. In some places, it is a good living. But you are  not rich at $250,000 in some parts of this country. You are doing all  right, no doubt about it, but you are not a billionaire.   They are going to go after them. They are going to go after the  people who cannot afford to hire an army of lawyers and accountants to  fight off the IRS agents--thousands of IRS agents, not police officers  to go after criminals; IRS agents to go after American taxpayers. That  is who they are going to go after.   I promise you--and I regret to say it--that a lot of hard-working  people are going to be getting letters in the mail saying: Hey, we want  to talk to you about your taxes from 5 years ago, from 3 years ago,  because we think you might have messed up.   And you don't have an army of lawyers. You are going to pay them  whatever they say, even if you have to take out a credit line on your  house, because you don't want trouble with the IRS. That is what this  bill does. That is what this bill is. Everyone else is covered.   And they cynically call it the Inflation Reduction Act. And let me  tell you why they call it that. This is actually very sad and  outrageous. They call it that because--I am telling you, and I hate to  say it, but a lot of the people behind this kind of stuff, they see  hard-working, everyday Americans as a bunch of uneducated simpletons  who will just fall for this. And the media  [[Page S4162]]  will help them. They know the media will help them--not all the media,  but a lot of the reporters will help them, even though the reporters  themselves keep calling this a climate bill because they are so giddy  about that part of it.   But they think the people are going to just fall for it. People are  not going to fall for it. I don't care how smart you think you are and  how uneducated you think they are. They have got something most people  involved in our government have lost or maybe never had. It is called  common sense, and they have the common sense of knowing that making it  easier for people to buy, with a credit, an electric car in 3 years is  not going to do anything for them. They are not buying an electric car  anytime in the near future.   You know what they want? They want gas prices to come down because  America is producing more oil. That is what they would like. That is  what they would like.   They would like you to put criminals in jail and keep them there.  They would like you to secure our border, just a little bit. Don't  pretend that you are doing anything about it, because they know the  truth.   Guys, it is a scam. This very weekend, this very Friday--and I live  in Miami. I don't read about this stuff in a magazine. I see it with my  own eyes; I hear it with my own ears.   I had this couple telling me the flat-out story. Their kids were  already here because their kids were born here. Years ago, when they  were here visiting, their kids were born here. U.S. citizens. Their  kids are already here. This couple paid $5,000 each. They were driven  to the border in a van. They were turned over to an agency right on the  border who turned them over to the officers. They spent a day and a  half in detention. Their papers were filled out. They were turned back  over to the agency. The agency asked them: Where you would like to go?   I would like to go to Miami.   They gave them a ticket to go to Miami. They even gave them a little  card to buy things before they got there. And now they are living in  South Florida.   And what do you think? You don't think they are going to call back  home and tell people: Hey, we made it, and here is how we made it. And  those are the people that can afford to buy the $5,000 each or save it.  A lot of people can't. So they have to turn themselves over into the  hands of these criminal, delinquent traffickers, evil persons who take  advantage of these migrants. And they are coming because we are  inviting them to come. This administration is inviting them to come.  They are inviting them to come.   When you tell people: Don't come. But if you do, you are going to get  to stay, they are going to come. And that is what is happening. We are  not focused on that. They get it. People back home get it. And you are  not going to convince them that any of the stuff here is any good for  them.   And it is happening, frankly, because the modern Democratic Party-- listen, I live in South Florida. It is a majority Democratic county. I  have had Democrat friends. I have worked with liberals my whole life. I  have done a bunch bipartisan stuff. You are not bad people. But the  modern Democratic Party does not care about working Americans. The only  thing they care about is the agenda of a bunch of laptop liberals and  Marxist misfits who threaten to burn down any city any time they don't  get their way on some issues and a bunch of climate extremists. And  that is what this bill reflects--at least two of those three. And that  is what this bill does.   That is the only people they cater to. That is what their issues are  always about. And what they do is they put on the disguise of calling  it the Inflation Reduction Act. But they can't even say it with a  straight face. They really can't because they know it is not true.   This bill has nothing to do with what real people in the real world  are worried about every single day. And the ironies are so thick.   I think about this carried interest loophole, as they call it. We  have got prominent Members of the Democratic Party in the Senate who  have made a career out of calling that basically an unfair and immoral  benefit for hedge fund managers and greedy billionaires. They have made  a career out of it. Yet today, they will vote on a bill that stripped  out taking rid of that loophole. They will vote for it. They will vote  for it. That is the irony embedded in all of this.   So they will do their press conferences and speeches. They will be  very impressed with themselves. The Twitter warriors are going to love  it. The MSNBCs and the ``Meet the Presses'' are all going to say-- whoever, CNN, whatever--they are all going to be giddy about it. But  for millions and millions of working Americans, nothing is going to  change for them for the better. There isn't a single thing in this bill  that helps working people lower the price of groceries or the price of  gasoline or the price of housing or the price of clothes. There isn't a  single thing in this bill that will keep criminals in jail. There isn't  a single thing in this bill that is going to secure our border. And  those happen to be the things that working people in this country care  about. And the gap between the people who run this place and the people  who are the backbone of this country is so massive, the disconnect so  great, that the division that is driving our politics is reaching a  boiling point, unfortunately.   What makes this Nation different from all the countries in the world  is our working class. Every nation has rich people. Every country in  the world has wealthy people. What has made us different is that here,  by the millions, people like my parents--a bartender and a maid--were  able to own a home and raise a family and leave them better off than  themselves. And they were never rich and they were never famous, and  they lived the American dream because they retired with dignity. And  with their own eyes, they saw their children have the opportunity to do  the things they themselves never could do. That is what makes us  different. Those are the people that are hurting. Those are the people  that got wiped out in 2007 and 2008 when Wall Street created a crisis  and when Wall Street got bailed out. Those are the people whose kids  couldn't go to school because in some parts of this country, we shut  school down for a year and a half, while the people shutting down the  schools, their kids were going to private schools and had private  tutors. And those are the people that are getting destroyed right now  by this economy. And they are being ignored and disrespected and  completely, completely obliterated by a bill that does absolutely  nothing for them.   And that is what your U.S. Senate will spend late into the night and  early into the morning voting on. The disconnect is massive. And I can  point to a lot of examples, but this has become exhibit A in that  disconnect.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I have a motion at the desk.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reading be  dispensed with.    Mr. President, I don't think I need to tell anybody here  that our work is at its best when it is focused on what people care  about. Let me tell you what people care about. They don't care as much  about buying solar panels and electric cars as they do about not having  to live in a community where violent crime is rampant and you have some  crazy prosecutor who refuses to put people in jail, who refuses to  prosecute entire categories of crime.   People are worried about that, and rightfully so. And it is  happening. We have these beautiful cities that were once world-class  cities that have become unlivable all over this country because we have  these lunatic prosecutors that have decided that there are entire  categories of crime they will not prosecute.  [[Page S4185]]    That is the kind of stuff we should be working on here tonight, all  night long. If you want to spend all night working on something, work  on that. Don't waste time on stuff that doesn't matter to real people  working every single day who are not going to be driving an electric  car next year or the year after that, but they might get mugged, but  they might be a victim of a violent crime.   So what this does is it sends it to the Judiciary Committee and asks  them, in 3 days, come back with some ideas about how you can spend just  a little bit of these billions of dollars that we are throwing away on  this garbage--how we can spend a little bit of that money to put  criminals in jail so Americans no longer have to live in fear in their  communities.    Mr. President, do I have time remaining?    Mr. President, I have a motion at the desk.    Mr. President, the only people who are capable of being  pregnant are biological females; and, therefore, I think Federal  pregnancy programs should be limited to biological females and that is  what this would do.    Mr. President, a few minutes ago, I looked back across  5,500 years of human history. So far, every single pregnancy has been a  biological female. Therefore, the only thing I am trying to do is make  sure that the Federal law is clear that since every pregnancy that has  ever existed has been in a biological female, that our Federal laws  reflect that and pregnancy programs are available to the only people  who are capable of getting pregnant--biological females. Very simple.   I would accept a unanimous consent if they want to offer it, and we  can move on and not waste any time.  [[Page S4197]]     I ask for the yeas and nays.   