 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the Securing a Strong  Retirement Act of 2022. Everyone can agree that the American Dream  should be achievable for anyone willing to work hard. The American  Dream is the ability for families to one day own a home, provide an  education for their children, and retire with dignity. The SECURE Act  2.0 does several things to help make retirement security easier for  millions of hardworking Americans. I rise today not only in support of  the bill, but to advocate for the inclusion of another bipartisan bill,  the ABLE Employment Flexibility Act, as SECURE 2.0 progresses through  the legislative process.   Along with my colleague Mr. Wenstrup, I introduced another practical  solution that will allow more hardworking Americans the ability to  participate in the labor force more fully by providing them access to  benefits tailored to their needs. My bill permits employers to make  tax-exempt contributions to ABLE (Achieving Better Life Experience)  accounts in lieu of making contributions to existing tax-exempt defined  contribution retirement plans. An ABLE account is established to pay  expenses such as food, education, housing, transportation, employment  training and support, and health care expenses of a designated  beneficiary who is disabled. In other words, it will allow millions of  Americans with disabilities to receive, and their employers the ability  to provide, similar tax-preferred benefits as their fellow employees.   The ABLE Employment Flexibility Act would allow ABLE-eligible workers  to permit an employer to make contributions to a 529A account in lieu  of contributions to the employer's defined contribution plan. The  legislation is needed because, under current law, an employer that  offers employees with a disability the choice to have employer  contributions that would be made to the retirement plan instead  contributed to a 529A account would jeopardize the tax-qualified status  of the retirement plan.   Many defined contribution plans permit an eligible employee to defer  compensation into that defined contribution plan, with the employer  sponsoring the plan providing for a matching contribution on such  deferrals. The plan may also have nonelective employer contributions  that are automatically made. Unfortunately, assets in these plans could  adversely impact the availability of means-tested benefits. By  eliminating this barrier, employers will be able to provide equitable  opportunities to their employees to save for critical services while  allowing them to retain critical government support and services.   Through the leadership of Chairman Neal and Ranking Member Brady, we  are passing SECURE 2.0, a bill with overwhelming support. The bill has  support from every stakeholder, from advocates for seniors to the  retirement industry, and the practical solutions contained have  garnered bipartisan support. Both things the American people are  clamoring for in these hyper-partisan times. Like SECURE 2.0, the ABLE  Employment Flexibility Act has received support from an array of  stakeholders from disability advocates to associations representing the  retirement industry.   I want to thank the Chairman, Ranking Member, their staffs, and the  Joint Committee on Taxation for their willingness to work with myself  and Mr. Wenstrup to address technical issues with the legislative text  of the ABLE Employment Flexibility Act to achieve the underlying policy  goal--help more Americans save effectively and efficiently to live and  retire in dignity. I look forward to our continued efforts and hope  that we can resolve outstanding issues as we advance the SECURE Act 2.0  to the President for his signature.   