 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to executive session to consider the following nomination:  Calendar No. 903, Ventris C. Gibson, of Virginia, to be Director of the  Mint for a term of five years; that the Senate vote on the nomination  without intervening action or debate; that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table; that any statements related to  the nomination be printed in the Record; that the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action, and the Senate resume  legislative session.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Health,  Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee be discharged from further  consideration of S. 1098, and the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration.    I ask unanimous consent that the Warner substitute  amendment at the desk be agreed to; the bill, as amended, be considered  read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate now  proceed to the en bloc consideration of the following Senate  resolutions, introduced earlier today: S. Res. 679, S. Res. 680, and S.  Res. 681.    I ask unanimous consent that the resolutions be agreed to;  the preambles be agreed to; and that the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table, all en bloc.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that if the Senate  receives a message from the House that it has passed H.R. 1057, and if  the text of H.R. 1057 as passed is identical to S. 1596, that at a time  to be determined by the majority leader or his designee, in  consultation with the Republican leader, the bill be considered read a  [[Page S2962]]  third time and the Senate vote on passage of the bill, and that the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m. on  Thursday, June 16; and that following the prayer and pledge, the  morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved  to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later  in the day, and morning business be closed; that upon the conclusion of  morning business, the Senate resume consideration of Calendar No. 388,  H.R. 3967, postcloture; further, that all time during adjournment,  recess, morning business, and leader remarks count postcloture, and  that all time be considered expired at 11:15 a.m.; further, that upon  disposition of H.R. 3967, the Senate vote on the motions to invoke  cloture on the Alba and Boyle nominations, and that if cloture is  invoked on either nomination, all postcloture time be expired and the  confirmation votes occur at a time to be determined by the majority  leader or his designee, in consultation with the Republican leader.    Mr. President, if there is no further business to come  before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned  under the previous order, following the remarks of Senators Sullivan  and Lankford.   