 Madam President, reserving the right to object.   I rise to address Ukraine's perilous situation. There is broad  agreement in this Chamber and in the House of Representatives that  America's response in all areas to Russia and Belarus's aggression  against Ukraine must be comprehensive and strong.   Leveraging the benefits of the U.S. trade relationship with Russia is  just such a response that will add to the pressures on Putin to rethink  his actions in Ukraine and punish him for what he has already done.   On March 8, the Democratic and Republican leadership in the Senate  Finance Committee and the House Committee on Ways and Means reached an  agreement on precisely that type of response. The bicameral, bipartisan  agreement is called the Suspending Normal Trade Relations with Russia  and Belarus Act, and its provisions include banning Russian energy  imports, including various forms of petroleum, natural gas, and coal;  moving Russia and Belarus to the same pariah trade status as North  Korea and Cuba; providing the President additional authority to raise  tariffs on Russia and Belarus even further; calling on WTO members to  take similar actions to deprive Russia of its trade benefits; and  sending a crystal-clear message to Russia's dictator, Vladimir Putin,  that he will never see these trade benefits restored until he reverses  his aggression, stops threatening our NATO allies, and recognizes the  right of the Ukrainian people to live freely.    None of this is controversial, and all of it is necessary.   Yet only a day after the deal was made and with neither warning nor  explanation, the House split the energy ban from the trade status  provision and bifurcated the two measures further by imposing separate  standards on Putin's actions in Ukraine before any President can think  to restore these trade benefits to Russia without congressional  approval.   Each bill passed by over 400 votes, but the House decided to only  transmit the bill on Russia's trade status, its permanent normal trade  relations, or PNTR piece, even though it had passed more than a week  after the energy ban.   The important point is that our House colleagues on both sides of the  aisle agree both restrictions need to happen. Some may wonder why the  urgent need for the congressional energy import ban after President  Biden provided one in his Executive order.   Speaker Pelosi was asked just that question when she put the new  House version of the import ban up for a vote, and she stated,  correctly, to her House colleagues: ``You're here to legislate.''   Absolutely, that is why we are here. And our legislative response-- more especially its certification requirements--must deliver an  unmistakable message to Putin: no relief until you stop your aggression  and recognize Ukraine's inalienable right to live free and choose its  leaders. The energy ban and its trade status revocation are  complementary, and they must work together.   While President Biden's Executive order to ban Russian oil was a  positive step, the Senate and House need to impose tough conditions on  Putin's treatment of Ukraine to be met before any President seeks an  end to the energy import ban. These conditions are like those Congress  had done in the bipartisan CAATSA legislation, which we negotiated when  I was the Banking Committee chairman during the Trump administration.   Enacting a Russian oil ban will demonstrate to the Ukrainian people  and our NATO allies that Congress is committed to cutting off Russia's  funding for its war effort.   Many of our allies, including in Europe, are debating whether to  adopt an energy ban against Russia. By the U.S. Congress acting  definitively and with certainty through our congressional action, our  allies will all be more encouraged to take similar stands against  Russian energy exports, which account for over a third of Russia's  budget.   I seek to continue our bipartisan tradition by introducing text that  is as close to the original deal as possible, except in two respects,  that respond to the points made by our majority leader--both made to  facilitate our colleagues on the other side of the aisle.   First, I am making a single technical correction, made at the request  of Senators Manchin and Murkowski, to comport with the timeline of the  President's Executive order regarding the oil ban so that no delay such  as was mentioned as a possible problem will exist. This edit is  necessary to avoid that delay, and it solves that problem.   Second, I have revised the certification criteria that would allow  the restoration of trade benefits to match exactly what the House  passed. The original deal provided that benefits could not be restored  until Russia withdrew its forces and stopped posing an immediate threat  to NATO allies and partners. To secure bipartisan support, I yielded to  what the House passed: that Russia need only reach an agreement with  the President to withdraw its forces rather than have definitively  withdrawn them and that Russia not pose a threat to NATO members as  opposed to NATO members and their partners.   Again, this is to match what the House has requested. Mind you, I  have many colleagues on my side who would like to do many more things,  and I agree with their requests. But on the trade front, I am willing  to make these concessions to get this done.   My view is that we should act quickly. I agree with the majority  leader on  [[Page S1722]]  this. We must do it together, and we must do it today. There is no  reason to wait for another revenue bill to come from the House before  we act. So let us mark the bravery of the Ukrainian people by passing  the strongest legislation we can, today, in the trade space.   Accordingly, I am asking the Senator to modify his request to take  the firm, comprehensive action against Vladimir Putin that  circumstances require. I would like to ask that the Senator modify his  request to make it in order for the Crapo substitute amendment, which  is at the desk, to be considered and agreed to and that the Senate vote  on the passage of the bill as amended.    Madam President, reserving the right to object and just  briefly.    I would like to say to my colleague Senator Cardin, I  believe we could easily work the global Magnitsky legislation into  whatever we do today. I don't believe there will be objections to  moving ahead on that. It is not included in what I submitted because  that was not a part of the original four-corners agreement which I am  proposing. I think that could be added.   I also have colleagues on my side of the aisle who have other items  they would like to see discussed because the idea we are talking about  here is to move ahead with no amendments on legislation that is major.  And I am willing to discuss that as well, but I believe we need time to  work this out.   We can get this done today. And even though the House is not in  session today, our passage of global legislation on this entire issue  would send a powerful message that the House could affirm when it does  come back into session next week.   So I will still need to object, but I will commit to my colleagues on  the other side that I will work with you today to try to iron out these  differences. I need to have assurances that these other pieces that,  for some unexplained reason, the House has not been willing to put into  this package can be put into a package that will pass. And if we can  get to that point, we can move today.   So I commit that I will work with you; but at this point, I must  object.    I thank Leader Schumer.   