 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. And as  you spoke, you are runner-up, almost, to the dean, too, so I appreciate  your service.   Before I begin, I do want to take a moment to recognize and talk  about our former Member, Don Young. He took this job very seriously,  and he is greatly missed.   And to the new dean, there are some similarities to you and Don. You  both had your assigned seats. Don was in the back, but you are up  front.   Don was a yeller. You are more of a southern gentleman. Don preferred  a knife in his boot. You just like cigars, which I think is a little  improvement.   Mr. Speaker, I have known Hal for the 15 years I have been here. I  don't know of another person that has a greater respect for this  institution or is more caring for Members on both sides of the aisle.   I have watched Hal in a position of power, as chair of the  Appropriations Committee, work with people on the other side simply  because the issue was right. I watched him defy his party, to stand up  to do what is right.   I have traveled with him throughout his district, which is not a  wealthy district at all, but I watched him, no matter how many years he  has served, to continue to have the ability to listen.   I watched him be on the forefront of watching an opioid epidemic in  America and him leading to do something about it, simply because he  watched something in his district.   If you haven't ever had a moment of time--if you get Representatives  Womack or Cole to step aside--take a moment and sit with Hal. He might  speak soft and at times he is hard of hearing, especially when he goes  through the magnetometers, but he will tell you stories that a  historian would love. He will tell you the times before of what this  body would do together. He will tell you the moments of the highs and  the lows, and all of them would end in a story with America being a  little better for tomorrow.   Now, Hal, I know the first question you are going to ask me. No, you  get no more extra pay for being the dean, but you have a lot of  responsibility, and, in essence, you are the mentor to the House. I  know you will do your job well because all you have ever wanted to do  was do what was right.    Your love for the institution, your love for the body, but more  importantly, your love for the country.   