 Mr. President, I am going to join a number of my  Republican colleagues on the floor today to talk about the State of the  Union.   Tonight, President Biden will come to Congress to give his annual  State of the Union Address. He is going to try to do his very best to  paint a rosy picture of the status quo. No matter how hard the  President of the United States tries tonight, Joe Biden cannot hide the  fact that his policies have put America in crisis. There is a war in  Europe. We have the worst inflation in 40 years, the worst violent  crime in 25 years, the highest prices at the pump for gasoline in 7  years, and the most illegal crossings into the United States ever. So  no matter what Joe Biden says tonight, he is the one who has created  these crises. We are less secure at home and abroad than the day Joe  Biden took office.   Over the last 10 months, the American people have said loud and clear  [[Page S850]]  that inflation is a top concern, and Joe Biden has only poured fuel on  the fire. He told us that the fire would burn itself out quickly. Yet  inflation has only burned hotter.   Yesterday, the Associated Press put it this way. The Associated Press  said: ``On cusp of Biden speech, a state of disunity, funk, and  peril.'' The article goes on to say: ``Today's national psyche is one  of fatigue and frustration.'' They go on to say it is ``the malaise of  our time.''   In March of 2021, Joe Biden signed the single largest spending bill  in American history. He put $2 trillion on America's credit card,  flooded the country with cash, government cash. Since then, prices have  gone up faster and faster than wages.   Joe Biden repeatedly said inflation would be ``transitory.'' He said  it month after month after month as people felt their paychecks being  eaten away. In December, Joe Biden said inflation had ``peaked.'' Joe  Biden has been dead wrong again and again and again. The American  people are reminded of this every time they go to the gas station,  every time they go to the grocery store, and every time they pay their  heating bill. It is no wonder Joe Biden's approval rating on handling  inflation, which is the No. 1 concern of the American people, is just  31 percent. That means Republicans don't approve, Independents don't  approve, and a lot of Democrats don't approve of how the President has  handled their No. 1 concern.   So tonight I expect President Biden will once again ask Congress to  pass another reckless tax-and-spending spree. He will call it Build  Back Better or, more accurately, ``Break Your Back'' bill. I am not  sure what he is going to call it. It is going to be Build Back Better  part 2.   No matter what the President says tonight, the American people are  going to continue to say, ``No, thank you,'' to all this additional  government spending.   The American people do not trust this President or the Democrats to  tackle the issues that they care about. Inflation is eating away their  paychecks and has been doing so now month after month after month.   Millions of people are entering this country illegally. Shelves are  going empty. No whitewashing by this President can cover up this  painful reality for the American people.   So tonight I will listen carefully to what the President has to say.  The American people don't want to listen to a fairytale tonight. They  are not looking for a bedtime story from the President of the United  States. The American people are looking for real answers.   Joe Biden can brag if he wants. The American people know the truth.  America is in crisis. The American people understand that. And the  American people know that the person to blame for all of this is  squarely right there, the man behind the podium, the President of the  United States.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, Russia continues to engage in ruthless  and unprovoked attacks against the democratic and independent nation of  Ukraine. I strongly condemn Russia's dangerous aggression against the  people of Ukraine. Putin is responsible for the death and destruction  in his wake, and he must be held accountable.   The one sledgehammer that we can use against Putin is American energy  resources. Reducing the amount of Russian energy going to Europe would  hurt Russia's economy. The oil and gas revenues made up about 36  percent of Russia's national budget last year. In 2021, Russia sold  $100 billion worth of oil and natural gas to Europe.   Russia is Europe's main supplier of energy. The European Union  received over 40 percent of its gas imports from Russia. Russia also  has significant ownership in Europe's energy infrastructure, including  pipelines, distribution centers, and storage facilities.   With natural gas prices increasing and oil surpassing $100 a barrel,  more of our allies' money will be lining the pockets of Vladimir Putin.  Due to high energy costs, Russian oil and gas revenues exceed initial  plans by 5 percent this past year, totaling $119 billion. In 2021,  revenues from Russian oil and gas were almost $500 million each and  every day. It is a windfall for Vladimir Putin. As a result, the amount  of Russian energy going to Europe is a major problem.   We must help our allies escape Russia's energy trap. American energy  resources can allow Europeans to meet their energy needs and deprive  Russia of the revenue it uses to fund its military aggression. Due to  technological advances and an abundance of natural gas, the United  States can be a strategic energy supplier to Europe. Our Nation has  more than enough gas to meet America's needs and to export to other  countries. We must speed up the process of getting American liquefied  natural gas to our allies.   That is why I introduced S. 819, the Energy Security Cooperation with  Allied Partners in Europe Act, commonly known as the ESCAPE Act. It  currently has 23 sponsors. The bill, as amended, does three things: It  deems it in the public interest to export U.S. liquefied natural gas to  NATO countries and defense allies. It creates a transatlantic energy  security strategy focused on increasing American energy exports  directly to Europe. And it directs our NATO representative to help our  allies and partners improve that energy security.   So, Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Foreign  Relations Committee be discharged from further consideration of S. 819  and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. I further ask  that the Barrasso amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to;  that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed;  and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table.     Madam President, just to point out, Members are clearly  entitled to their own opinions, but they are not entitled to their own  facts.   The facts of the matter are that this bill that I have at the desk  right now includes no sanctions, none whatsoever--none, zero.   This bill that we have at the desk is something that our European  allies have asked for. It is not to divide them or us. They have asked  for this to help them divide away from Putin. They need the energy;  they need the liquefied natural gas. Some of the countries have built  or are building what are called gasifiers so they can turn the  liquefied natural gas, which comes in at a very low temperature, and  turn it into gas that they can use for energy so they don't have to buy  it and be held hostage by Vladimir Putin.   This is a bill that has previously gotten bipartisan support, in this  very body, with Members of both sides of the aisle supporting efforts  to help our European allies--our NATO friends--break the dependence  from Russian energy. Those are the facts of the matter. People are  entitled to their opinions. These are the facts.   Russia's actions against Ukraine emphasize just how important it is  for nations--and specifically for America--to be energy independent.   Under the previous administration, America was energy dominant. We  became the world's largest producer of oil and gas. It was the first  time we had been energy independent in nearly 70 years; yet this  administration has reversed course. It has made it harder for us to use  American energy, and that has empowered and emboldened Vladimir Putin.  We have moved from energy dominance to energy dependence. We have  American energy in the ground that this administration won't let us get  out of the ground. We have energy resources that would help lower the  cost and help lower the pain at the pump that the American public is  living with. It would help break the dependence of our European allies  and the people of Ukraine from Vladimir Putin.   We were much better off as a nation when selling energy to our  friends than having to buy it from our enemies. We need to expand our  energy production to bring down prices for working families in this  country whose paychecks can't keep up with the inflation, and we need  to sell it to our allies so they can remove themselves from the  clutches of Vladimir Putin.   Freeing Europe from Russian energy dependence is going to strengthen  both our allies and our NATO alliances. We must provide American energy  resources to those countries as quickly as possible. They are asking  for it; they want it; they need it. It strengthens our national  security and takes money directly out of Vladimir Putin's pockets.   It is this administration's energy policies that have driven up the  cost of energy and driven down the production of American energy, which  is what has provided a jackpot for Vladimir Putin to fund his war  machine. Energy security is a critical part of our shared defense.  There is a national security problem for the United States when our  allies are more and more dependent on Russian gas.   The world knows Vladimir Putin uses energy as a weapon. Energy is  called the master resource for a reason. It powers our country--our  economy, our military. It powers the world. Vladimir Putin uses his  energy as a weapon to intimidate, to influence, and to coerce other  nations. Energy funds Vladimir Putin's aggression, and it has been the  cash cow for his invasion of Ukraine.   Look, we have abundant natural gas supplies. My home State of Wyoming  has amazing energy resources. We just need to be allowed to produce it.  Europe's reliance on Russian gas undermines our national security. Our  national security is increased by reducing the leverage that Russia  holds over our allies.   It is time for Congress to provide our NATO allies and defense treaty  partners a better energy option than they have had under this  administration, and the Senate should start by passing S. 819.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I come to the floor today to highlight  the 150th anniversary of Yellowstone National Park.   When it was established on this date 150 years ago, Yellowstone was  the first national park in the world. Today, it is still one of the  most popular parks on Earth. One-hundred-fifty years ago, it was a new  idea to set aside public land for public enjoyment. With the  establishment of Yellowstone, Congress set the gold standard.    Based on Yellowstone's success over the past century and a half,  hundreds of additional national parks have been created for Americans  to enjoy. Many  [[Page S862]]  other countries have followed our lead and have established their own  national parks.   Yellowstone spans over 2 million acres throughout Wyoming, as well as  parts of Montana and Idaho. That is more land than the entire State of  Rhode Island and Delaware combined. Yellowstone's vast and varied  landscapes provide some of the most spectacular views in the world, and  this is just one of them. Cascading waterfalls, steaming geysers, and  gaping canyons often leave visitors speechless. Many generations of  Americans have enjoyed these same views.   That is what Congress intended 150 years ago when it established the  park, as they said, for the benefit and enjoyment of the people.  Millions of people come from all across the world to experience the  park's beauty. From hiking and biking, to boating and wildlife viewing,  Yellowstone offers some of the best outdoor recreation opportunities  all around the world.   It also has iconic natural wonders like Old Faithful, the Grand  Canyon of the Yellowstone, and Yellowstone Lake. It has 25 square miles  of geysers--over half of the total number of geysers in the world. The  Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem, of which the park is a part, is one of  the largest and most intact natural ecosystems in the world.   Yellowstone also has the greatest concentration of mammals among  national parks in the lower 48 States. The bison in Yellowstone are  part of America's largest and oldest free-range herd.   Today, we carry on a tradition at Yellowstone that goes back not just  150 years but over 11,000 years. For thousands of years, Native  Americans have hunted, fished, and used the thermal waters for  medicinal purposes.   The people of Wyoming are rightly proud of the culture, as well as  its history. Today, the park supports thousands of jobs in Wyoming and  Montana and Idaho. It contributes greatly to local economies.   Cam Sholly, the superintendent of Yellowstone, is doing an incredible  job. A third-generation Park Service employee, Cam goes above and  beyond the call of duty to ensure the park delivers a world-class  experience to everyone who visits. Under his leadership, the park has  hosted record numbers of visitors. During the height of the COVID  pandemic, when the only place to go was outside, Yellowstone set the  standard on how parks should operate. Health, safety, security, and  public access were always a priority.   I am very grateful for the dedicated leaders and staff at Yellowstone  who made it possible for people to visit and enjoy this international  landmark.   Recently, the Senate passed my bipartisan resolution to honor  Yellowstone on this historic day. This resolution celebrates the park's  150 years of unique cultural heritage and natural beauty. It also  encourages people across America and around the world to visit  Yellowstone to experience its extraordinary treasures.   I am proud to celebrate Yellowstone with my colleagues in the Senate,  along with Senator Lummis, who is my colleague from Wyoming, as we  celebrate with the people of Wyoming and with all Americans on this  historic day.   Congratulations to all of the people of Wyoming who work to keep  Yellowstone one of our Nation's greatest treasures.   I yield the floor.   