 Mr. President, I come to the floor once again today to  seek unanimous consent for the passage of the Daniel Anderl Judicial  Security and Privacy Act of 2021.   I say ``once again'' because a little over a month ago, I came to the  floor seeking unanimous consent for this same exact bill, which was  reported out of the Senate Judiciary Committee last December with  overwhelming bipartisan support and whose namesake is Daniel Anderl,  the 20-year-old son of U.S. District Court Judge Esther Salas.   Judge Salas is in the Gallery today, hoping we can come together as a  body to deliver real solutions to honor her family by ensuring that no  Federal judge or their family experience the same violence that she and  her family faced.   Mr. President, 1 year, 10 months, and 27 days ago, her son Daniel was  brutally murdered by a gunman who targeted Judge Salas for her gender,  her ethnicity, and because he could not accept her judgment in a case  that reached her court. Every single day since July 19, 2020, Judge  Salas and her husband Mark have endured the immense grief of burying  their only son.    No parent should have to experience such a devastating loss. Yet, in  the face of so much pain, Judge Salas has channeled this into purpose,  embarking on a personal mission to increase the safety and privacy of  her fellow judges and their families.   The murderer was able to carry out this horrific hate crime using  publicly available information, tracking down Judge Salas to her home  in New Jersey, gravely injuring her husband, and murdering Daniel in  cold blood when he answered the door.   As I said the last time I came to the floor seeking unanimous  consent, no parent should have to experience such a devastating loss.  But in the months since then and now, our country has seen the tragic  results of inaction. On June 4, a retired county judge in Wisconsin was  shot and killed in his home by a gunman who appeared before his court,  and just 4 days later, a man was arrested near Justice Kavanaugh's home  in Maryland after being found with a gun, a knife, and a plan to kill  the Supreme Court Justice. Reports suggest the perpetrator found  Justice Kavanaugh's address online.   We cannot take these events as isolated incidents. The brutal murder  of Judge Salas's son, a horrific killing of a retired county judge in  Wisconsin, and the attempt on Justice Kavanaugh's life, demand that  Congress act to protect those who sit on the judiciary. Simply put, we  must prevent any other judge from having to endure the threats and  senseless violence that these families have experienced.   After the horrific tragedy Judge Salas and Mark suffered, Senator  Booker and I made personal commitments to honor Daniel's legacy through  action. We told her we would not rest until we enacted greater  protections for those who serve on the bench to protect any other judge  from having to endure the senseless violence Judge Salas experienced.   And it is important to protect this branch of our government because  we want them to render decisions that are free from fear--free from  fear--that they will render impartial justice free from fear of what  may happen to them as a result of their judgment. We can make progress  on that work today in this Chamber.   The bipartisan bill I seek unanimous consent for is an effort I am  proud to lead with 12 of my colleagues, including Senators Booker,  Durbin, Graham, Kennedy, Cruz, and Grassley. Our bill will protect the  personally identifiable information that assailants have used to target  judges and their families. It is a commonsense measure that would  authorize the U.S. Marshal Service to monitor online threats and deter  future attacks. It is so common sense that it was voted out of the  Judiciary Committee with strong bipartisan support. I am talking about  a 21-to-0 vote in the affirmative. It is so common sense that it should  build on the work the Senate just did a month ago when it fast-tracked  important safeguards for Supreme Court Justices and their families.   I will say it again. Nearly a month ago, the Senate acted here in  mere minutes to increase protections for Supreme Court Justices-- protections that were proven to be necessary when police apprehended  Judge Kavanaugh's would-be assailant.   Yesterday, our colleagues in the House of Representatives voted to  pass that bill. Today, we should take steps to protect all Federal  judges. There is simply no explanation or justification to protect  Supreme Court Justices while delaying legislation to protect judges at  every level of the judiciary who face the same, if not greater, risks.   No judge in America should have to fear for their lives and the  safety of their family as they work to uphold the Constitution, our  democracy, and ensure all people have equal justice under the law. We  have seen the consequences of inaction over the previous month. But we  have an opportunity to act in this moment and advance our bipartisan  bill, the Daniel Anderl Judicial Security and Privacy Act, which has  continued to garner support.   This isn't a partisan issue. This bill is not about right or left; it  is about right and wrong.   Once again, I ask my Senate colleagues to let us honor the life and  memory of Daniel Anderl with decisive action and results. Let's do the  right thing to honor Daniel's legacy and unanimously pass this  legislation named after him.    Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of Calendar No. 190, S. 2340; further, that the  committee-reported substitute amendment be withdrawn; that the Menendez  substitute amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to; that the  bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that  the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, in reserving the right to object, for  all of the reasons that Senator Booker just mentioned and with an equal  commitment to Senator Paul to work with Senator Klobuchar and Senator  Cruz, who are working on a bill to protect Members and who look to  advocate for the Senator's language to be included in that legislation,  the Senator could have done this on the Supreme Court Justices, but he  didn't.   So, at this point, I will have to object.    Mr. President, I know the hour is late, but I am  unaware of any such request, and I am unaware of our not being willing.  Of course, we are willing. As a matter of fact, Judge Salas is here,  and she tried to see Senator Paul to make her case. He wouldn't give  her the time of day.   