 Madam Speaker, this legislation represents an unfortunate  missed opportunity. After witnessing the horrible tragedy that occurred  at Robb Elementary School in Uvalde, Texas, we should be coming  together and working in a bipartisan manner to take every  constitutionally permissive step to make our schools safer and more  secure and to protect our most valuable resources, our children.   That is what we did after the tragic shooting in Parkland, Florida.  Back in 2018, Congressman   John Rutherford, a former sheriff, led a  bipartisan group of Members, myself included, in reauthorizing the COPS  Secure Our Schools grant program. The legislation we passed increased  Federal funding for school security and expanded the safety measures  for which the money could be used.   As a result, the Department of Justice announced over $125 million in  grants last year to help improve security at local schools. Overall, it  is a good program that will benefit millions of students and teachers,  but there is always room for improvement.   That is why we should be looking for ways to get more money to  schools to increase security, but the legislation before us today  contains nothing that will really help make our schools safer. In fact,  efforts to add school security provisions to the bill were rejected by  the majority.   For example, during the Judiciary Committee markup, I offered an  amendment to encourage the hiring of retired police officers and  honorably discharged military personnel as school resource officers.  After all, no one is better trained and better prepared to protect our  schools. Unfortunately, the majority rejected this commonsense proposal  to help improve safety and security at schools across the country.  [[Page H5370]]    Then, at Rules Committee, I offered an amendment to allow unspent  American Rescue Plan funds to be used on school security programs.  Billions set aside for schools under that legislation hasn't been spent  and could be lost forever if schools don't meet certain deadlines.   While we do, or did, need to protect students and teachers from  COVID, more children under 11 died at Robb Elementary in 1 hour than  have died from COVID in the entire State of Texas this year. Yet, we  have $100 billion--billion with a b--in unspent education funds to  fight COVID while only $125 million--million with an m--available for  school security.   It seems logical that we should allow these unspent funds to be spent  to protect our children and our teachers. The money could be used for  metal detectors, to adopt security plans, to train school officials, to  hire school resource officers, including, as I mentioned, retired  police officers, and to help identify students with mental health  issues and get those students the treatment that they need.    Yet, this commonsense amendment, too, was rejected by the majority.   Instead of school security measures, we, unfortunately, have a bill  full of likely unconstitutional provisions that won't pass the Senate  anyway.   The crux of my argument against this legislation is the majority is  acting quickly when they ought to be doing the right thing.   