 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, as the Senate convenes today, we are  mourning the loss of our dear friend and legendary former colleague,  Orrin Hatch.   When Senator Hatch retired 3 years ago, this body lost its longest  serving Republican and its President pro tem. We also lost one of the  kindest and best humored colleagues any of us had ever served with and,  for that matter, the Senate's only former band manager of a Mormon folk  music group.   Orrin Hatch led an incredibly full, interesting, and accomplished  life. By the end of his tenure, our very funny colleague liked to poke  fun at his own longevity. I remember when Orrin, a former Judiciary  Committee chairman, would pretend to wistfully recall his work on  Justice Joseph Story's confirmation back in 1811.   Humor aside, the reality was impressive enough. Orrin's dogged  service for Utah and our Nation was a constant in this Chamber for 42  years. He was an accomplished, influential chairman of three major  committees: HELP, Judiciary, and Finance. He was an essential  legislator behind a long list of landmark laws--from the Hatch-Waxman  law on generic drugs in the 1980s to the Americans with Disabilities  Act, to the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, and the State Children's  Health Insurance Program--all back in the 1990s--all the way through to  the historic 2017 tax reform that Orrin shepherded as Finance chairman.  That helped engineer the best economic moment for American workers and  families in modern history. There were also countless specific  achievements for the great State of Utah that Orrin loved so much.   Amid all that legislative heavy lifting, Orrin was also a pivotal  player concerning the Senate's part in the personnel business.  Amazingly, at the time of Orrin's retirement, he had personally  participated in the confirmations for more than half--half--of all the  article III judges who had ever served in American history.   Orrin came into the Senate as a young, conservative firebrand. His  first campaign for any public office of any kind was the 1976 campaign  that landed him here. He left the Senate as a widely admired and  universally liked elder statesman. His legacy is peppered with both  big, principled victories, bipartisan collaborations, and a roster of  friends that spanned the entire political spectrum and sometimes  transcended politics altogether.   But there was never any confusing what Orrin viewed as his proudest  accomplishment of all. That would be his remarkable marriage to Elaine  and their loving family. Alphabetical order has perhaps never served  any man better than when ``Hatch, Orrin'' was assigned the chair next  to ``Hansen, Elaine'' in a Brigham Young University classroom. Decades  later, Orrin said, ``I can't remember a doggone thing from that  astronomy class,'' but the two of them got 65 inspiring years of  marriage and a big, happy brood of kids and grandkids out of the  bargain.   So, today, the entire Senate stands with Elaine, the Hatch family,  and the huge, huge network of friends, former staffers, and admirers  whom Orrin leaves behind across Utah and across our country. We mourn  this great loss, and we honor this great life.   