 Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I rise to offer my amendment that  will help small businesses and highly skilled workers in the building  trades access new opportunities and unlock the local economic potential  of military bases across the country.   This amendment is not new. We passed it through the House before on a  bipartisan basis, and I hope we will do it again today.   My amendment would incentivize the use of local workers for military  construction projects by asking the Secretary of Defense to provide  preference for businesses that commit to hire qualified skilled workers  from within the same State or within a 60-mile radius of the project.   I represent Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst, which for decades has  been an economic engine in my community with thousands of jobs tied to  operations on the base. However, too often construction contracts at  the base don't go to these local businesses and local workers and  instead go out of State.   I introduced the Put Our Neighbors to Work Act and offer it as an  amendment here for those skilled and qualified construction workers,  electricians, painters, and other local contractors in my district who  are looking for that next opportunity and who are ready and able to do  this work and build DOD infrastructure right in their own community; a  community they are proud to live in and work that they want to do for  our country.   I am proud that another key provision of my bill was adopted in the  Armed Services Committee markup which would require more transparency  to provide small businesses a fair chance to compete for subcontracting  opportunities under military construction contracts.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Pfluger, Congressman Norcross, and  Congressman Garamendi for cosponsoring this bipartisan bill. I urge my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle to stand up for local workers and  local economies by passing this amendment which has passed the House,  as I have said, on a bipartisan basis the past 2 years.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may  consume to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Norcross).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my  time.   I just want to say on this front that I have had the great  opportunity to go around my State, to go around a lot of  [[Page H6233]]  other States, to visit different military installations. Every single  place I have been to, in every State, including mine, New Jersey, we  are so proud to host these military bases, these military  installations. It is a duty of ours and something that we consider very  sacred, to be able to support and contribute to our national security  in that kind of way.   Oftentimes, that requires our States and our communities to step up  in different ways, to take on different actions to be able to be  accommodating and to support these bases.   We are proud, though, to be able to host, and we hope that these  bases are proud of their relationship with us, of being able to be part  of our community. That is all we are asking about here.   This isn't about trying to have unskilled workers be able to take  jobs of skilled workers. It is exactly the opposite of that. This is  something that is only to require DOD to give preference to firms that  will hire locally, and it is to the extent practical. If that is not  practical, there are, as was said, waivers and other reasons why we can  push this forward. I don't want this to be something that pushes in  that direction.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes,'' and I yield back  the balance of my time.   