 Madam President, as you saw at the State of the Union  Address last night, a number of pandemic restrictions in Congress have  seemingly ended, thanks to the CDC's convenient decision to update its  guidance on mask wearing and social distancing earlier this week.   Some Democratic politicians in the room were cheering, chanting,  embracing, and crowding. Though many of them continue to publicly  condemn those who have chosen not to wear masks or socially distance,  they were maskless and were not distanced themselves. So why the  immediate change? Well, perhaps it is because they simply could not  waste the political opportunity for partisan theater with which they  could raise the curtain on their Big Government aspirational new  normal.   Sure, President Biden can attempt to hide behind CDC guidance, the  very same CDC guidance that crafted a complex system to provisionally  grant Americans permission to live as free citizens, but he fell into a  perpetual pitfall of the left. He forgot that Americans are a lot  smarter, perhaps, than he thinks they are.   Americans can see through the transparent political theater and the  constructive convenient timing. They see the hypocrisy. They know that  the only science that has changed is the political science. They saw  the powerful elite gather to praise their own playacted benevolence,  foresight, and leadership, all while countless Americans who are  suffering from the real failures of President Biden and his party are  losing their jobs because of draconian Federal vaccine mandates.   What a sorry state of affairs and what a sad set of conditions.   Americans see and feel the hypocrisy. The people of Utah and the  United States do not want the false freedom pushed by a political class  that refuses to relinquish control over citizens' lives. They want real  freedom, the kind promised by the Declaration of Independence and  protected by the Constitution. They want to be able to live their  lives, raise their families, and make their own medical decisions  without a ``Mother, may I'' from President Biden or the vast throngs of  nameless, faceless, unelected, unaccountable Federal bureaucrats.   They want to be able to provide for their families without the threat  of being fired if they don't submit to a medical procedure that they  don't want.   I am honored to join my friend and colleague, Senator Marshall, in  standing for American workers. Today, we stand for the millions of  healthcare workers that were some of the heroes of this pandemic. They  came to work and cared for the sick before vaccines were even  available. They should not be forced to submit to a procedure or risk  their livelihoods.   This isn't our first effort to end these Federal mandates. I have  tried dozens of bills dozens of times to end this draconian overreach.  I am proud to continue this fight.   We will not stop until freedom is restored. We will not stop until  American moms and dads can provide for their families without kowtowing  to President Biden's vaccine mandates and without submitting to  Presidential medical orthodoxy in this or any future administration.   