 Mr. President, I rise today to honor and celebrate the  life and legacy of an extraordinary man, a giant among Senators, and a  dear friend: Senator Orrin Hatch. He was a man of vision and  unparalleled legislative accomplishment.   As the longest serving Senator in Utah's history, his unwavering  dedication to our State and country during four decades of public  service will be remembered for generations to come. Few individuals  have left such an indelible mark on the U.S. Senate. He did this  through his legislation. He did it through the relationships he had  with other Senators. He did it through bipartisanship. He did it  through his relationship with Presidents of both parties.   Like his good friend Ted Kennedy, he was the lion of the Senate. Now,  I know that there have been a number of Senators who take  responsibility for accomplishing many things, but I don't think there  has ever been a legislator who has gotten more done legislatively than  Orrin Hatch. Our judiciary, the fundamentals of our economy, even our  national character are more elevated and more secure thanks to his  leadership, thanks to his undaunted capacity to plow ahead. Sponsoring  and cosponsoring more legislation than any other Member at the time of  his retirement, he used his time in this Chamber to work tirelessly to  help people who sometimes were overlooked. He reached across the aisle  to forge strong bipartisan relationships that allowed him to pass  landmark legislation.   Orrin Hatch and Ted Kennedy were once signing a bill together,  celebrating the same bill, and President Reagan turned to Orrin Hatch  and said, ``How is it that you and Ted Kennedy are celebrating the same  piece of legislation?'' Orrin turned back and looked at him and said,  ``Well, it's very simple, Mr. President. It's very clear that one thing  is obvious: One of us didn't read it.''   His sense of humor was well known in this Chamber and throughout our  State. His friends often remarked that Orrin could have been a standup  comic if he wanted to, but he had too many important things to do to  take that job seriously.   He put friendship above politics. He called me in 1994. I was then  running for a Senate seat against Ted Kennedy. It was kind of a tall  task for a guy from Massachusetts to go up against Ted Kennedy, but I  figured someone needed to do it and wanted to see if I couldn't get Ted  Kennedy on the right track. But, at that time, Orrin Hatch and I hardly  knew each other. We were just distant acquaintances. But he was a close  friend of Ted Kennedy's, and he called me and said, ``Mitt, you know I  am a Republican too. I am responsible for helping get a lot of  Republicans elected, but I am not going to come campaign for you,'' and  he said, ``because Ted Kennedy is just that good of a friend.'' Orrin  put friendship above politics.   Now, in addition to his legislative accomplishments, Orrin Hatch  played a pivotal role in several landmark confirmations while serving  as one of the longest chairs of the Senate Judiciary Committee. His  positive impact on the State of Utah and the Nation's Federal judiciary  cannot be overstated.   When I was asked to run the 2002 Olympic Winter Games in Salt Lake  City, I met with Orrin Hatch and said, ``I am going to need your  help.'' He made it very clear that the success of the Olympics, coming,  as they were going to do, to our State, would be a high priority for  him and that he would do whatever was necessary to support our effort.   Then came the crisis of 9/11 in 2001. I knew that I couldn't invite  the people of the world to come to Salt Lake City unless I was 100  percent confident that everything that could be done would be done to  keep them safe. Without the  [[Page S2182]]  help of the Federal Government, there could be no secure provision for  the Games and no certainty that we could be protected.   The morning after the attacks of 9/11, I happened to be in  Washington, and I called Senator Hatch on the phone. He at the time was  in his Senate office. I asked if we could get together at some point to  talk about how we could move forward and provide the security funding  that might be necessary to protect our Games. Without hesitation, he  said, ``Come over to the office right now.''   I did so. When we got there, we sat down, and he said, ``What do you  think you need?'' And I described the need for fencing and personnel to  evaluate the security threats that might exist, a military air capacity  to secure the skies over Salt Lake City during the Games.   He said: Well, what is the biggest challenge you will face?   I said: Well, Senator John McCain of Arizona has not been a fan of  providing support for Olympic Games. He thinks that money has been  misused in the past.   He said: Well, it wouldn't be misused now, given what has happened  with 9/11. Let's go see John McCain right now.   He picked up the phone and called Senator McCain. Senator McCain said  he would be happy to see me and his friend Orrin Hatch. We went over to  Senator McCain's office and sat down. Orrin Hatch proceeded to describe  how important it was that we host the games and that Senator Hatch get  the support that he needed. And, in fact, Senator McCain made it very  clear he would not stand in the way of doing anything we needed to  secure the games in Salt Lake City.   I owe Orrin Hatch a great deal of credit for helping us to be able to  host games in Salt Lake City successfully and to do so without security  incident.   I think everyone knows that Orrin Hatch was a man of tremendous  faith. He was an advocate to protect religious freedom, and legislation  that he authored in this regard still stands in protecting the rights  of people of faith in our country today. He dedicated his life to a  commitment to Jesus Christ and to the principles of Christianity. He  did so in my own faith by accepting callings in the Church of Jesus  Christ of Latter-day Saints, serving as both a missionary as a young  man and later as a bishop of a congregation.   Orrin Hatch enjoyed life and appreciated all that it had to offer.  You may know that he was a composer and has a number of songs and  musical performances to his credit. He wrote poetry. He wrote jokes.  When I was running for President, he sent me a whole page of jokes he  wanted me to use. I must admit, I looked at them one by one. I didn't  think they were that funny, but I read them to the people on the bus  and they listened to them one by one and the more they listened, the  funnier they got. By the time I was finished with the page, they were  howling with laughter.   The man had an extraordinary capacity with music, with humor, with  legislation, with friendships--really one of a kind.   He also was pretty good at self-deprecating jokes. He told me to  lighten up a little bit and be a little more free with my language, so  I decided to let ``heck'' and ``dang'' drop into my words from time to  time.   His affinity for buffets and bacon were not to be forgotten as well.  In his words, we should choose ``to live every day like [it was] Bacon  Lovers Day.'' And I hope we will savor life as he did.   Orrin Hatch believed that the people you love and the friends you  have are the real currency in life. I believe that deeply. He had a lot  of friends, not just in this room but friends throughout these  buildings, friends throughout our State.   I remember walking through the Capitol with Orrin Hatch and from time  to time someone would come up to him and want to ask him a question or  ask for help on some issue of theirs. And instead of doing what most of  us do--which is putting our head down and rushing on and pointing out  that we have important things to get to--he would stop and bend his  very tall physique down to listen to what the person had to say and  listen attentively and say he would do what he could to help. I have  seen that time and time again with Orrin Hatch.   He always had time for the people he served, and he believed he  served all the people of the United States of America. Not  surprisingly, he had and still has a lot of friends.   Of course, when you think of people he loves, first on that list  would be his wife Elaine and their family. They together raised 6  children and 23 grandchildren, 26 great-grandchildren. He and Elaine  were married for more than six decades. She has been by him every step  of his career and his political involvement in our country.   Ann and I send our deepest condolences to Elaine and the entire Hatch  family. God be with you until we meet again, Orrin. I hope you feel I  haven't let you down taking your place in this great Chamber.   