 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, the Democrats have objected to counting the Presidential  electors every single time this century a Republican has been elected  President.   They spent 4 years trying to overturn the 2016 election. Democrats  spied on a Presidential campaign, they did impeachment in secret based  on a so-called whistleblower, whose identity only Congressman Schiff  got to know.   This Congress they have closed the Capitol, enacted proxy voting,  kicked Republicans off committees, and for the first time in American  history denied Republicans seats on a select committee that was chosen  by the minority leader.   They are trying to make D.C. a State, end the electoral college, end  the filibuster, pack the Court, destroy executive privilege, take  Federal control of elections, and are currently allowing in  jurisdictions illegal immigrants to vote.   And finally, the Select Committee to Investigate the January 6th  Attack on the United States Capitol has altered evidence and lied to  the American people about it.   But somehow, they tell us it is President Trump and Republicans who  are undermining democracy? Give me a break.   Undermining democracy because we actually think you should show a  photo ID when you go to vote?   In 1 year's time, while Democrats are doing all that, in 1 year's  time they have given us record crime, record inflation, record illegal  immigration.   And as bad as all that is, it is not the worst. The worst is how they  have used the virus to attack our freedoms, how they have used the  virus to attack our  [[Page H162]]  First Amendment rights. And here is the irony: They used the virus to  attack our liberties, even though everything they have told us about  the virus has been wrong.   They told us it didn't come from a lab. They told us it wasn't gain- of-function research. They told us it was only 15 days to slow the  spread. They told us masks worked. They told us we have a Federal plan.  Joe Biden said that himself. They have told us there would never be a  vaccine mandate. They told us people who get vaccinated can't get the  virus, the vaccinated can't transmit the virus, and they told us there  was no such thing as natural immunity.   Think about this: At the same time Democrats require you to put on a  mask, show your papers and an ID to get a Big Mac at McDonald's, they  want to allow the Federal Government to stop States from requiring a  photo ID to vote.   This is ridiculous.   Vote ``no'' on this legislation.   