 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, it is apparently Groundhog Day in the U.S. House of  Representatives.   Today, just like the last day we debated a bill in the Oversight and  Reform Committee's jurisdiction, Americans continue to face sky-high  inflation, painfully high gas prices, and supply chain shortages.   Americans continue to face the consequences of a broken border that  allow fentanyl shipments to flood in and kill our teens, along with a  host of other urgent problems. They continue to look to this Congress  for help with these real and pressing crises.   Yet, what are Democrats prioritizing instead of addressing these  issues during one of the last legislative weeks of this session?  Another bill that insulates Federal bureaucracy from accountability.  This time the bill is Representative Connolly's Preventing a Patronage  System Act.   This is just another Democrat bill that has nothing to do with the  American people's priorities. What is the problem the bill tries to  address? The Democrats' bill seeks to prevent future Presidents making  Federal employees more accountable to the American people whom they  serve.   Our Founding Fathers never envisioned a massive, unelected,  unaccountable Federal Government with the power to create policies that  impact Americans' everyday lives. But that is currently the state of  today's Federal bureaucracy.   President Trump sought to take on this bureaucracy and restore power  to the people by draining the swamp. He issued an executive order in  October 2020 to help make Federal bureaucrats who have the ability to  create and implement policy more accountable for their actions.   We should all be in favor of policies making it easier to remove  civil servants who refuse to follow the will of the voters. That is  what President Trump's executive order did.   Democrats are beholden to the Federal bureaucracy--a workforce who  thinks they know better than the American people. They are wrong.  Democrats have made every effort to preserve bureaucrats' ability to  thwart the policies of any President who tries to implement policies to  reign in the expansive influence of the Federal Government over the  daily lives of Americans.   This bill is contrary to the American way of government--of the  people, by the people, and for the people.   The bill's sponsors allege it is a bill that prevents a return to the  patronage system instituted in the 19th century. That is simply not  true. President Trump never attempted to return to a patronage system.  Just the opposite.   Instead of instituting a new patronage system, President Trump simply  made it easier to discipline or remove civil service officials in our  government's policymaking roles.   These influential Federal employees should not be allowed to  chronically underperform or actively undermine the work of their  politically accountable superiors.   If you support an efficient and effective executive branch that is  accountable to the American voters, then you must oppose H.R. 302.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume to  respond to what my friend, Mr. Connolly, just said. This schedule F has  been grossly mischaracterized by my friends on the other side of the  aisle.   I want to relay a scenario. Let's say, Mr. Speaker, that this year  were a Presidential election year. Let's say that gas prices were an  issue in the election. One Presidential candidate campaigns on: We are  going to lower the price of gasoline at the pump significantly. We are  going to lower it to the price it was when President Trump was in  office. The other Presidential candidate campaigns, and says: No, we  are going to convert everything to electric vehicles, and everything is  going to be fine.   I would say in that scenario the candidate who says they are going to  lower gas prices is going to win overwhelmingly because this is one of  the biggest issues in America right now.   Fast-forward to the administration. The President comes in, and he  says: We are going to lower gas prices because we are going to issue  more permits and we are going to reduce the barriers and roadblocks  that the previous administration put in to block the American energy  companies. He orders that. He has got a mandate from the people on that  issue.   The bureaucrats then say: No. No. We are not going to issue more  permits. No. We are going to make it even harder. You can't frack and  you can't drill. I don't care what the American people said at the  voting box. I am Mr. Bureaucrat, and no, we are not going to do it.   That is why we need schedule F employees because the unelected  bureaucrats are not accountable to the American people. We have got a  scenario here in Washington, D.C. where the unelected, unaccountable  bureaucrats are calling the shots, regardless of the will of the  American people. That is why we support President Trump's proposal for  the schedule F employees.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the distinguished majority  leader quoting the Constitution's constitutional role of Congress in  making policy.   I will remind my friend, the majority leader, that it is Congress'  role to appropriate money, not the President. And that is why we should  have oversight hearings on the $300 billion student loan bailout  proposal that the President unconstitutionally proposed.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Georgia (Mrs.  Greene).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Hice), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on  Government Operations.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Roy).    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   The U.S. House of Representatives needs to concentrate its energy on  helping Americans survive economic turmoil and defending our borders  and national security.   I once again urge House Democrats to get back to what the American  people elected us to do: conduct oversight over the Federal Government  and the Biden administration, which is on a path to destroy America.   We need to hold hearings, conduct oversight, and pass legislation  affecting the crises that every American is facing today. That is our  constitutional responsibility. But instead, today, we are once again  spending valuable resources and time on divisive political messaging  legislation.    I think if any American was watching this committee hearing today,  they would share the frustration of those of us on this side of the  aisle who are trying to drain the swamp, who are trying to hold  unelectable, unaccountable Federal bureaucrats who refuse to do their  jobs accountable. That is part of the job of Congress.   This bureaucracy gets bigger every Congress. I have noticed, with the  exception of one speaker, all the speakers on the other side of the  aisle who spoke in favor of this bill represent the Washington, D.C.  Federal bureaucracy workforce.   The majority of Congress, we represent America, and America wants to  hold poor-performing government employees, bureaucrats, who are paid  with their hard-earned tax dollars, accountable. That is why the  Republicans oppose this legislation, and I urge all of my colleagues on  the other side of the aisle to do the same.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this commonsense amendment offered  by my friend, Representative Hice.   President Trump took needed steps to ensure civil servants serve the  American people, not their own interests. One of President Biden's  first actions was to undo these needed reforms.   Representative Connolly introduced this bill, even before President  Biden was sworn in, to overturn President Trump's action and to prevent  any future President from reinstating them.   Obviously, the Biden administration has a radically different view of  the Federal workforce than President Trump did, one that House  Republicans strongly disagree with.   This amendment would simply ensure that a future President could  reinstate a policy similar to schedule F to allow for more  accountability within the career civil service. We should not tie the  hands of a future duly-elected President to implement the clear  mandates of the American people.   