 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, last week, America and Illinois lost a  hero. Lorenzo Cervantes was his name. He had been a steelworker living  in the small town of Sterling, IL, in the Rock River Valley. That is an  hour or two west of Chicago.   Mr. Cervantes was 98 years old. When he was a young man, he set out  to save the world. He joined the U.S. Army in February of 1943, during  World War II, before he had reached the age of 20. He was a member of  an elite group. There was an American-Canadian commando unit known as  the First Special Service Force, a top-secret band of brothers  operating deep behind enemy lines.   The Forcemen, as they were known, earned the nickname ``The Devil's  Brigade'' from terrified Nazi soldiers and officers who said that they  seemed to appear out of nowhere in the dead of night, like devils.   That unit he served in suffered one of the highest casualty rates in  the war. Listen to these figures. Of the 2,400 men who fought with the  unit, 2,300 of them were either killed or wounded, but they never lost  a mission--not one.   The First Special Service Force existed for only 2 years, but the  spirit of that force lives on in the Green Berets, Army Rangers, Navy  SEALS, Marine Raiders, Canadian Special Operations Regiment, and,  frankly, all of today's military Special Forces.   For decades after World War II, the very existence of that unit  remained top secret and classified. The Forcemen didn't tell anyone  what they had done in the war, not even their families. Like Lorenzo  Cervantes, they quietly returned home, married, raised families, and  lived ordinary lives.   In 2015, some 70 years after the end of World War II, they were  finally honored for their service, and Congress awarded them the  Congressional Gold Medal.   I had the privilege of meeting two other Forcemen from Illinois at  that Gold Medal ceremony. Casey Celske was one of them. He fought with  the Devil's Brigade at the Battle of Anzio--one of the Allies' greatest  surprise victories. He was among the first Allied soldiers to enter  Rome and liberate it from the Nazis.   Mr. Celske died 3 years ago, also age 98. After the war, he had  returned to Illinois and married. He and his wife had 11 children--11.   In 1995, 50 years after the war ended, Mr. Celske and one of his sons  decided to go back to Europe to take a look and see the places where  the First Special Service Force had fought and to visit the towns that  the Force liberated.   Near the Anzio beachhead, they spoke to an Italian man. When the man  realized who they were, he dropped to his knees, broke out in tears,  and thanked Casey Celske of Illinois.  [[Page S2116]]    The Italian man said to his son: This is one of the soldiers who  saved our village.   Casey Celske turned to his son and said: All these years, I wondered  what I was doing. Now I know.    I announce that the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr.  Casey), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. Coons), the Senator from  Washington (Mrs. Murray), and the Senator from Michigan (Mr. Peters),  are necessarily absent.   