 Mr. President, I rise today to note that, during the  117th Congress, several major legislative efforts to further U.S.  foreign policy are becoming law, and I would like to highlight several  here today. I feel strongly that these accomplishments merit special  recognition, as they represent major advances in foreign policy that  will improve our country's international engagement for years to come.  I am proud to have led these efforts and would like to outline a few of  the major components of these monumental bills.   As chair, of the Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittee on the State  Department and U.S. Agency for International Development Management,  International Operations, and Bilateral International Development, I  take great pride to note that we successfully passed the State  Department Authorization Act this year. To put this in context, this  marks only the second time within the span of the past 16 years that a  State Department Authorization Act has been enacted.   The State Department Authorization Act addresses much-needed reform  that will help to strengthen our diplomatic corps and efforts on an  institutional level and represents months of painstaking coordination.  Modern diplomatic challenges require modern solutions, and it is my  belief that provisions of this bill empower the State Department to  make necessary changes in key areas that will help to revitalize and  redefine our diplomatic engagement.   I will note that key to these efforts is my colleague Senator Bill  Hagerty, whose team worked closely with my own, members of the Senate  Foreign Relations Committee, and the State Department on defining and  addressing modern diplomatic challenges. This act also represents a  victory of collaboration across parties and agencies, especially the  Department of State, to reach this successful consensus.   First and foremost, Senator Hagerty and I led the efforts to  establish a Commission on Reform and Modernization at the Department of  State. This 16-member commission will seek to identify areas for  improvement and modernization in the organizational structure,  personnel, facilities, and policy of the State Department and make  recommendations to the President and Congress.   This effort is crucial; in the ever-shifting atmosphere of modern  diplomacy, this commission will provide a body of oversight that keeps  a big-picture view of State Department operations and establishes a  critical line of communication between Congress, the President, and the  Department of State.   Secondly, the State Department Authorization Act establishes new  requirements to extend the ``cooling off'' period for post-employment  restrictions for certain Senate-confirmed officials. U.S. foreign  policy is not for sale, nor should anyone have reason to think it is.  By extending the cooling off period from 1 to 3 years, these high- ranking individuals are barred from representing foreign governments  before the U.S. Government for a longer period. In doing so, we lessen  the risk of perception that Ambassadors and other high-ranking  officials will lose sight of U.S. interests in favor of their own near- term financial gain. Again, this important congressional oversight is  yet another important step to safeguard the integrity of our foreign  policy.   Third, I would like to highlight key advancements we have called for  in lifelong professional development at the Foreign Service Institute.  We have established a new body, the Board of Visitors, that will serve  to offer recommendations to improve and modernize the Foreign Service  Institute. The Board of Visitors, along with a new Provost position at  the Foreign Service Institute, will work to inject new outside academic  and adult learning expertise to better its operations, including the  development of an evaluation system to determine how to improve the  quality of training and focus it on the areas most useful to better  prepare diplomats for the challenges they will encounter in 21st  century diplomacy.   Additionally, we identified other professional development areas that  will help to improve the State Department's operations on an  institutional level. We authorized the State Department to expand the  scope and number of external fellowships offered across Departments and  Agencies.   These external fellowships, such as the Congressional Pearson  Fellowship, which allows Foreign Service Officers the opportunity to  work on the Hill for a Member or committee of Congress, expand  relationships and knowledge across U.S. agencies and branches, academic  institutions, and civil society organizations.   We further sought to expand professional development and trainings to  address 21st century diplomacy, expanding virtual opportunities for  training and extending out training to partner organizations that can  offer specialized expertise for modern diplomatic challenges. In  addition, we authorized the State Department to pursue curriculum to  better enable Foreign Service Officers to understand the issues of  press freedom and tools that are available to help protect journalists,  as well as incorporate special training for officers assigned to  countries significantly affected by climate change receive specific  instruction on U.S. policy with respect to climate resiliency and  adaptation.   Lastly, we have authorized the State Department to purse a foreign  language incentive pay program that will enable our diplomatic corps to  maintain our diplomats' critical language skills so that they can  better serve our U.S. interests. Senselessly, in the past, there had  been no mechanism to keep our highly trained diplomats up to skill in  critical languages such as Chinese, Russian, Dari, and Arabic. Our  current system simply trains diplomats in these languages and  incentivizes their use while posted abroad, but these incentives  disappear when diplomats move on to other positions--and with no  incentive in place to maintain their critical languages, these language  skills are usually largely lost.   While we have spent significant USG resources enabling our diplomats  to engage and further our interests with foreign audiences by teaching  them foreign languages, up until now, we have provided no mechanism to  enable our diplomatic corps to keep these critical foreign languages  skills active.   This new program will strengthen the ability of our diplomats to keep  these key languages fresh, which ultimately will save the U.S.  Government money by eliminating the need to retrain diplomats in the  same language for a second or even third time. It will also provide for  a better-prepared diplomatic corps that can be called upon when there  is a pressing need for diplomats with specific language skills, such as  the urgent call for Dari and Pashto speakers that the Department of  State issued during the 2021 fall of Afghanistan. We will now have  these diplomats ready when they are needed to best serve U.S.  interests.   Finally, I am also proud of our work in this body to hold accountable  authoritarian government regimes across the world. For too long, we  have seen democratic backsliding, rising corruption, and human rights  abuses committed at a global scale. There is perhaps no better example  than in Burma, where the military initiated an illegal and  unjustifiable coup d'etat in February 2021.   During and following the coup, the Burmese military has engaged in  despicable human rights abuses, including extrajudicial killings,  torture, and wrongful imprisonment. The military-led government has  imprisoned over 11,000 civilians and killed over 1,400, including  children. This amounts to crimes against humanity.   We cannot look the other way in the face of these grave injustices.  That is why I was proud to introduce, alongside my House colleagues  Representatives Meeks and Chabot, the Burma Unified through Rigorous  Military Accountability Act, better known as the BURMA Act. This  important bill will authorize the Department of State and the U.S.  Agency for International Development to support democracy activists,  provide humanitarian assistance, and undertake reconciliation efforts  in Burma. This will include support for organizations aiding political  prisoners in Burma and assistance to entities investigating crimes  against humanity.  [[Page S7236]]    The BURMA Act also requires the President to impose strict sanctions  on Burmese military or government officials, as well as actors that  have knowingly operated in Burma's defense sector or have undermined  the nation's democratic processes. The United States must continue to  stand with the people of Burma and for a civilian-led government based  on the recognition of human rights and democratic principles.   To conclude, I am proud of the work we have accomplished in this  Chamber during the 117th Congress. By modernizing State Department  operations and pursuing an anti-corruption, human rights-focused  foreign policy agenda, the United States continues to be at the  forefront of global diplomacy.   