 Mr. Speaker, I thank my good  friend for all of his work.   I rise, Mr. Speaker, to support my bill, the Highlands Conservation  Reauthorization Act, which would extend the Highlands Conservation  Program for an additional 7 years, through 2029.   If you have hiked through any of the public lands in the Hudson  Valley, chances are you have enjoyed the experience and benefited from  the land conserved and protected by the Highlands Conservation Program.  Even if you have looked upon the extraordinary works of art in the  Hudson River School of painting, the most famous American school of  painting, you will see these lands in the Hudson Highlands and wonder,  as we who are lucky enough to live there do, at their beauty.   For nearly two decades, the Highlands Conservation Act has been a  critical resource for the protection of these lands throughout a 5,500- square-mile area of the Highlands region covering New York, New Jersey,  Connecticut, and Pennsylvania.   It includes many of our great State parks in my district, including  Harriman State Park, Bear Mountain State Park, Schunemunk Mountain  State Park, Storm King State Park, Hudson Highlands State Park, and  Clarence Fahnestock Memorial State Park, to name a few.   The bill funds vital projects to safeguard our water supplies,  conserve our forests, protect wildlife, expand outdoor public  recreation opportunities, and save agricultural resources.   Over the past 18 years, the Highlands Conservation Act has delivered  on its promise. It facilitated the permanent protection of nearly  13,000 acres of land, land that contributes to clean drinking water,  protection of wildlife, expansion of recreation opportunities, and, of  course, the sustainable economic growth that we all want.   Since 2007, New York has received over $14 million through the  Highlands Conservation Act, funding that supported 18 specific projects  conserving 4,000 acres throughout my district in the Hudson Valley.   For example, in 2015, the act helped incorporate over 230 acres of  land into the Clarence Fahnestock Memorial State Park in Putnam County,  right down the street from where I live. I spend a lot of time there.  It is absolutely beautiful.   In 2016, funds from the Highlands Conservation Act helped conserve  nearly 700 acres of land linking the western  [[Page H4479]]  Hudson Highlands to Schunemunk Mountain State Park in Orange County,  and so much more.   It is also responsible for the addition of 1,200 acres that make up  the Fishkill Ridge portion of the Hudson Highlands State Park.    More than 25 million Americans live within just an hour's drive of  the Highlands region. By passing this bill today, we can ensure that  the Highlands are protected and remain a beautiful natural resource for  them and for our entire country for generations to come.   Mr. Speaker, the Highlands Conservation Program has been an extremely  effective program not just for my district but for the entire region  and our country. The entire conservation community should congratulate  itself today.   I want to mention a few local people: Mark Zakutansky with the  Appalachian Mountain Club; Ned Sullivan and Andy Bicking with Scenic  Hudson; Katrina Shindledecker and Michelle Smith with the Hudson  Highlands Land Trust; and Tim Abbott with the Housatonic Valley  Association. I thank them all for their extraordinary work.   