 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 1541, the Martha Wright- Reed Just and Reasonable Communications Act of 2022.   Martha Wright-Reed was an advocate for the District of Columbia who  fought tirelessly for incarcerated people to have a voice. Ms. Reed  dedicated her life to ensuring that people who were incarcerated could  afford to communicate with their loved ones from a confinement  facility.   The legislation before us today will honor Ms. Reed's legacy. S. 1541  would require the Federal Communications Commission to ensure that  charges for pay phone services, including advanced communications  services in correctional institutions, are just and reasonable.   Given the unique market they serve, providers of inmate calling  services are also identifying ways to lower costs, such as through  offering a subscription model. In some States, a pilot program to offer  a flat rate for unlimited time on the phone has resulted in inmates  calling family more often at a lower cost than on a per-minute basis.   I urge the FCC to evaluate the results of these efforts to lower  costs and facilitate competition in the inmate calling marketplace  before imposing heavy-handed regulations.   Our colleague, Representative   Bobby Rush, has championed this  legislation for many years. I applaud him for his leadership, and I am  glad we will be sending this to the President's desk to cap his  distinguished career in Congress.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 3405, the Low Power Protection  Act.   The Low Power Protection Act protects the smallest low power  television stations from being displaced by full power stations and  fills important gaps in broadcast services in rural communities.   Low power television stations, LPTV, typically provide local or  specialized programming in their communities and are often the only  television service available in rural areas. However, LPTV is currently  considered a secondary broadcast service by the Federal Communications  Commission, the FCC. This means LPTV licensees are not granted  protections from harmful interference or displacement and must accept  interference or displacement from full power television stations.   This bill will require the FCC to open a time-limited Class A window  through which qualifying low power television stations could apply. The  Class A status gives low power stations the same rights to their  spectrum that full power stations have.   Additionally, the Class A license provides station owners the  certainty that other channels cannot interfere with their signals going  forward. This allows local broadcasters to continue to invest in their  communities and incentivizes further investment in their stations and  communities.   I thank the gentleman from New Jersey, the chairman of the full  Committee on Energy and Commerce, for bringing this legislation  forward. I also thank Senators Blunt and Wyden for their bipartisan  support of this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues' full support of this bill, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   