 Mr. President, I would like to honor a longtime member of  the Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee staff, Colin  McGinnis, as he moves on to a new, well-deserved chapter: retirement.   He will be spending more time with his beloved wife Claire--and with  the first person he visited upon retirement--his 95-year-old mother  Barb, at her peaceful lake home in Minnesota.   Colin is a lifelong public servant. He spent 33 years working in  Congress. Even when he briefly left this institution, he remained in  service, working for the Orthodox Relief Service.   To say the least, Colin's career is unparalleled. Colin grew up in  Morris, MN, and attended Carleton College in Northfield, MN. He went on  to earn his masters of divinity from Yale University--and we saw those  divinity school values woven throughout his career.   Colin's congressional career began in service to his home State. He  worked for Representative Jim Oberstar, Representative Bruce Vento,  Representative Terry Sabo, and the former Carleton College professor,  Senator Paul Wellstone. In each office, he made a positive difference  for Minnesotans.   Colin was serving as chief of staff to Senator Wellstone at the time  of his tragic death in 2002. It was a catastrophic loss for Minnesota  and for our country. And for his staff, it was a heartbreaking personal  tragedy. Colin took care of his colleagues and got them through an  unimaginably difficult time. He was a rock for the office and led with  composure and grace while grieving a mentor he met while he was a  student at Carleton, then later worked with for a decade.   In 2008, Colin became the acting staff director of the Senate  Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Committee under Chairman Dodd. He  led the committee through one of the worst financial crises in U.S.  history.   As always, Colin stepped up. It was a scary time. The economy was in  freefall. We had never seen anything like that in our lifetime. Colin  was the steady hand that Senator Dodd and the committee needed. He was  a trusted and an invaluable adviser to Chairman Dodd, Chairman Johnson,  and to me.   For the last 9 years, Colin has served as the committee's policy  director. I remember when I first took over as ranking member on the  committee, meeting with the staff in our hearing room on the fifth  floor of Dirksen in late 2014. I didn't know anyone yet, and these  talented public servants were experts in their field. Many had spent  years working for the committee.   Frankly, I was a little nervous. And at the end of the meeting, of  course it was Colin who came up to talk to me, reassure me, break the  ice. He could not have been more kind and welcoming.   Colin's many, many accomplishments with the Banking and Housing  Committee include his instrumental work on the Joint Comprehensive Plan  of Action--the Obama administration's diplomatic success to limit  Iran's nuclear program--the bipartisan Countering America's Adversaries  Through Sanctions Act in 2017, and the historic Anti-Money Laundering  Act and the Corporate Transparency Act in 2020.   That bill was the product of over a decade and a half of attempts and  months of bipartisan negotiations--often expertly shepherded by Colin.  Today, its passage is giving law enforcement new, modern tools to stop  human traffickers and other criminals and root out shell companies.   In his 30-plus years on the Hill, Colin has seen administrations and  majorities of both parties come and go. And through them all, he had an  uncommon skill at fostering relationships across the aisle. Throughout  his career, Colin also became known for his deep knowledge on  international sanctions--he was the one that everyone wanted to work  with. Sanctions have become one of our country's primary foreign policy  tool over the last decade. And Colin was the expert. And of course,  that expertise has probably never been more relevant than it has this  year, as we have worked to unite this body in support of the  President's strong sanctions on Russia.   But these wins are only a small part of Colin's lasting legacy on the  Hill--he impacted everyone he worked with. He could work effectively  with pretty much everyone--Republicans and Democrats alike, through  Presidential administrations of both parties. Colin impressed all of us  with that effectiveness, with his dedication to his work, and, perhaps  most of all, with his kindness.   He worked toward big-picture goals--from mental health parity to  international sanctions--but he never lost sight of the individuals:  the people whom he worked with and the people whom we serve.   Those who were lucky enough to work alongside Colin describe him as  someone who makes the hard things look flawless, day in and day out--an  impressive feat in this line of work. Among staff, he was known for his  love of language. Colin sometimes referred to his work as ``toiling in  the legislative vineyards''--one of many examples that reflect his  natural optimism. He is a voracious reader, and he made good use of the  Library of Congress, often getting several books a week delivered to  the office.   He always had time for his coworkers, regardless of their position-- from the staff director to the interns. He carved out space for  everyone to grow professionally and personally. He challenged us, too.   Colin had an open-door policy. His office was always tidy and  decorated with pictures of friends and family. And most days, you could  find a member of staff--sometimes Banking and Housing, but often from  other offices--sitting on his couch asking for advice and counsel.  Colin always had wisdom to share.   Colin commuted every day from Baltimore for 24 years--rain or shine.  He came in to work early so that, most days, he could catch the 5 p.m.  train back to Baltimore and sit down at the dinner table with his  family.   To his wife Claire and their children Killian and Patrick: Thank you  for sharing him with us.   Colin's dedication and commitment to public service made a difference  for so many. Our country is a better place because of his service. And  each of us are better because of his leadership.   On behalf of everyone in my office and on the committee and all those  who had the honor of working with him, we congratulate Colin on his  career, we wish him well in retirement, and we thank him for his  service.   