 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Takano and Ranking Member Bost  for supporting the en bloc.   Mr. Speaker, it is my honor today to speak on behalf of the Hayes  amendment offered by my friend and neighbor from Connecticut,  Congresswoman Jahana Hayes, who unfortunately could not be here today  because she is  [[Page H266]]  quarantining. Her amendment is a commonsense proposal to improve an  already outstanding bill that will connect more veterans to benefits  they have earned by volunteering to wear the uniform of this country.   Mr. Speaker, last year, at the outset of the VA's highly successful  COVID vaccination program, Congresswoman Hayes and I both toured the VA  hospital in West Haven, Connecticut, which is the flagship of our VA  healthcare system. I had a chance to personally observe her authentic,  well-informed advocacy for veteran patients and their family members,  asking questions about ways Congress can improve the system,  particularly about communicating the full extent of their benefits.   She described casework from the veterans seeking care, about the  burdens they faced when navigating a complicated system where not only  veterans, but family members struggle to stay current with changing  rules and programs. It is particularly troublesome to hear cases of  veterans who lose eligibility for help because of late claims caused by  poor communication, oftentimes at the time of discharge from military  service.   Mr. Speaker, that is why it is so important for the House to pass the  EVEST Act which will provide automatic enrollment in the VA system for  all transitioning servicemembers.   Mrs. Hayes' friendly amendment wisely requires the VA to go the extra  mile and inform veterans who opt out of automatic enrollment through  multiple methods, including not only email but also paper mail, that  they can reenroll as they transition out of the military. Her measure  is a commonsense insurance that veterans are informed of the EVEST so  that they know from day one all of the options and rights that they  have to get help.   Mr. Speaker, I want to again thank Chair Takano and Ranking Member  Bost.   And I will close by simply noting that my district in eastern  Connecticut is home to the largest military installation in New  England, with 9,000 sailors and officers who work every day to protect  our Nation. The transition from military to civilian life happens on a  rolling, nonstop basis. Too often we work with veterans who experience  gaps in benefits caused by a failure to enroll or late enrollment,  which this excellent bill will fix.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the Hayes  amendment in the en bloc and the underlying bill.   