 Mr. Speaker, today I am proud and honored  to recognize the accomplishments and sacrifices of our National Guard  and Reserve component men and women.   The history of the National Guard and Reserve predates the birth of  our Nation. In Mississippi we have the sixth oldest active regiment,  the First Battalion, 155th Infantry Regiment--the Mississippi Rifles.   For over 250 years, brave Americans have answered the call to service  to protect both our homeland and democracies abroad, and to conduct  disaster response or support to civilian authorities during a crisis.   Our reservists and Guard members bring a unique skill set to our  Armed Forces, leveraging their expertise and real-world experiences  from the civilian workforce to bring an exceptional and innovative  perspective to our national defense.   In addition to deployments overseas, Guard and reservists are  employed across the broad and diverse mission set, whether it is  responding to civil unrest in our Nation's Capitol, defending our  borders, providing relief from hurricanes or other natural disasters,  as well as responding to the COVID-19 pandemic.   I will tell you, Mr. Speaker, the Guard did a yeoman's work in the  COVID response, and it was much less by building testing sites, by  giving vaccinations, and by helping with all the logistics. We would  not have gone as smoothly without our Guard.   As of today the Mississippi National Guard has forces deployed in  support of four combatant commands around the world. During the  pandemic, the Mississippi National Guard activated approximately 1,700  servicemembers who administered more than 765,000 vaccinations, 226,000  tests, and processed more than 109,000 lab samples supporting the  Mississippi Department of Health.   Our logistics professionals traveled more than 665,000 miles  throughout our State to deliver more than 58 million pieces of personal  protective equipment to our hospitals, long-term healthcare facilities,  clinics, and testing sites.   Since the global war on terror, the Guard has shifted from a  strategic reserve force to an operational reserve, deploying in support  of the same conflicts, fulfilling the same mission sets, and seeing the  same combat against our enemies as the active component.   Within this service has come great sacrifice, and I honor the fallen  Guard heroes who gave their lives in service of our country and its  ideals in the global war on terror in addition to the countless other  Guard lives lost in World War II, Korea, Vietnam, and the Persian Gulf.   One of these heroes is Sergeant First Class Sean M. Cooley, who I had  the privilege of serving alongside in the 155th Brigade Combat Team in  Iraq who was killed in action in Iraq on February 3, 2005. In his  memory I introduced and had passed the House resolution that led to the  Congressional Gold Star Family Fellowship Program Act named for  Sergeant First Class Sean Cooley and Specialist Christopher Horton,  both of whom were Guardsmen.   In closing, it has been my life's honor to have served in the  Mississippi National Guard for the past 36 years. I am committed to  working with my colleagues in Congress and within the Department of  Defense to ensure that our National Guard components are resourced  appropriately, maintain a high level of readiness, and receive the same  benefits that they have earned in their service of our great Nation.   