 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, later today, the Senate will take the  first step toward ratifying an amendment to one of the most successful  international environmental agreements in modern history, the Kigali  Amendment to the Montreal Protocol.   Members can expect to cast the first vote on cloture later this  afternoon after the weekly party lunches. Today's vote will require 60  votes in the affirmative to move forward. And since the Kigali  Amendment is part of a treaty, it will require two-thirds of the  Chamber to ultimately ratify this provision.   The Kigali Amendment will be one of the most significant bipartisan  measures the Senate takes on all year, and that is saying something,  because we have done a lot.   It would affirm our country's intention to phase down the use of  hydrofluorocarbons--commonly known as HFCs--by 85 percent over the next  15 years. Experts say this step alone could prevent half a degree  Celsius of warming by the end of the 21st century. Is that incredible?  Half a degree. We struggle to get there. This one measure will do it.  That may not seem like much, but within the larger context of global  temperature, it is really very significant.   There are two paths our country can take, depending on what we do  with the Kigali Amendment. If we ratify this treaty, not only will we  protect our planet, but this is an economic issue and an issue to go  after China, which is a rogue nation in this regard. It will provide us  a golden opportunity for American businesses to dominate in emerging  business.   Every year, millions of refrigerators and AC units are sold around  the world; and in the United States, many families own more than one  refrigerator. That is a lot of appliances that will need HFC  alternatives, which U.S. businesses, particularly, are working to  prepare for. By one measure, the combined impact of ratifying the  Kigali Amendment and other steps we have taken to reduce HFCs would  create 150,000 new jobs and generate nearly $39 billion in investment  by 2027 as new markets open up for trade. So this, in many ways, is a  pro-jobs measure, one supported by the Chamber of Commerce, by major  retailers like Walmart, by the Semiconductor Industry Association, and  many other business groups.   If we fail to ratify the amendment, the rest of the world is going to  move on without us. Without Kigali, we are going to play second fiddle  to nations like China, whose businesses will surpass ours in developing  viable HFC alternatives, taking jobs that, by all rights, belong here  in America. And by 2033, parties to Kigali will be prohibited-- prohibited--from any trade in HFCs with non-Kigali nations. We will  lose out tens of billions of dollars of sales.   There is no reason to have that happen. Ratifying Kigali will not  require any change in the current U.S. law. We already have domestic  policies phasing out HFCs here at home, so we are putting into practice  many of the reforms the Kigali Amendment calls for, and no consumer  will have to change any appliance.   So for the sake of U.S. businesses, for the sake of U.S. innovators,  for the  [[Page S4831]]  sake of making sure China has to comply and be part of the world  community and not do what they think is just good for themselves--which  seems to be President Xi's way of doing things--I urge my colleagues to  vote in favor of advancing the Kigali Amendment later today. It is low- hanging fruit for creating tens of thousands of good-paying jobs right  here at home.    Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 5503.    I ask unanimous consent to dispense with further reading  of the amendment.    I yield the floor.   