 I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum  call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I listened to the Republican leader  speaking about the Supreme Court nominee Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson,  who is coming before the Senate either today or tomorrow, we hope, for  a confirmation vote. We have solid support for her nomination on the  Democratic side and three Republican Senators who have announced that  they will join us to make it a bipartisan majority in her favor.   She is deserving of this. She has an extraordinary background. She  has the kind of resume that every lawyer would dream of: to graduate  from Harvard Law School and then to clerk at every level of the Federal  judiciary, including clerk to the Justice she hopes to succeed, Stephen  Breyer; and then to serve on the Sentencing Commission, which is  considered one of the more prestigious assignments, trying to  rationalize the sentencing under Federal law; and then, of course, to  serve on the district court in the DC district and to issue some 570 or  80 different opinions--written opinions--during that time; to be  elevated to the DC Circuit Court, often called the second highest court  in the land, where she served as well with distinction; and now to be  the first African-American woman nominated to serve on the U.S. Supreme  Court. It is an incredible record.   And she has made the rounds, as they say, in the Senate, visiting 95  or 96 different Senators, sitting down with them privately in their  offices, answering any questions or concerns that they wish to express.   So I think she is an exceptional person. If you look at her record in  all of these cases that she has handed down written opinions in--as I  said, it is close to 600, and 100 of them were criminal cases where she  imposed sentences, and some 10 or 15 of those cases which have been  highlighted by her Republican critics, relating to the issue of the  exploitation of children and pornography, in every single case, she  imposed a prison sentence.   So to argue that she is soft on crime is to ignore that reality and  to ignore the reality that she is endorsed--endorsed--by the largest  law enforcement organization in America, the Fraternal Order of Police.  She is endorsed by the International Association of Chiefs of Police  and other noteworthy organizations, the National Organization of Black  Law Enforcement, former prosecutors in the District of Columbia.   She has made it very clear that when it comes to applying the law to  the facts, she does it with evenhandedness, so much so that she is  respected by both sides of the table--the prosecutor's side of the  table and the defense side of the table. That takes some doing, but she  has achieved it. And  [[Page S1991]]  that is why her selection by President Biden is the right person for  the right time for the right job. She is going to make history if we  give her this confirming vote.   Now, I will tell you, when you publish some 580 to 600 opinions, you  are going to find something in one of those opinions to raise. I  listened carefully as Senator McConnell went to one of those opinions  and drew his own conclusions. I would ask him to take care in accepting  that as the fair way to measure a person. People often say that in the  U.S. Senate--they ask us: Are you conservative or are you liberal or  are you a fiscal conservative? Where do you stand on civil liberties?  And people announce a position that they would like to believe they fit  in. Then folks go back and look at your voting record and then ask:  Well, how do you explain this, Senator? So in any given day, any given  vote can raise a question as to a generalization about who you are and  what you believe.   For instance, there was a time, as hard as it may be to believe, when  people were suggesting amending the Constitution of the United States  to make burning an American flag a violation--controversial. All of us  revere the flag, but the notion of making this an amendment to the  Constitution was a matter of great controversy and debate.   I remember it well in the Senate Judiciary Committee. I came down  against it, saying that I revered the flag, but the principles and  values behind it were equally or more important to me, and so I opposed  flag burning and so did the Senator from Kentucky. Yes, the minority  leader, Senator McConnell, opposed flag burning. The organization that  agreed with our position was the ACLU. Now, can I generalize from that  position which Senator McConnell took years ago that he is an ACLU-type  of Senator? It would be wrong to draw that conclusion. There may have  been other instances where he agreed with them, but it was rare.   What I am saying is, if you can take one vote and measure a Senator  and realize that it falls short of being an accurate and honest  measurement, the same thing is true for a judge, to take one opinion  and say: Well, she ruled against President Trump on the issue of  immigration, therefore, she is an activist liberal judge. She ruled as  well for President Trump in other cases in his favor, and ruled against  Democratic Presidents when they came up with their proposals before the  court. So generalizations are not fair for her or for individual  Members of the Senate based on one opinion, one vote, and that is what  many are trying to do.   I will also tell you that this notion--and it pains me to even bring  it to the floor, but I know it is going to come up in the next day or  two--that she is soft on crime. As I mentioned, the law enforcement  groups would not be endorsing her if they believed she was soft on  crime.   And the notion that she is somehow, in the words of one Republican  Senator--that her sentencing ``endangers children,'' that is painful  because he said as much in front of her family. And I thought about  that, how painful that must have been for her to hear those words. They  are not true. And to take one or two situations, each of them unique in  their factual circumstances, and to generalize in terms of her position  on an issue of that gravity is fundamentally unfair. But we have done  it, too, on the Democratic side, and I am going to be the first to  admit, as I look back in history, there are things that should have  been handled better when Republican nominees were before us.   And the majority of Republican Senators on the Senate Judiciary  Committee, led by Ranking Member Chuck Grassley, I believe, were  respectful and dealt with the judge in a fair manner. They asked tough  questions, as they were expected to, but did not cross the line into  personal attack.   There were three or four who broke that rule, as far as I was  concerned, but the vast majority of Republican Senators were factual,  were fair, and were basing their questions on sound legal questions  before any Supreme Court nominee's consideration. That I think will be  talked about over the next couple days, as it should be.    I announce that the Senator from Delaware (Mr. Coons) and  the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. Menendez) are necessarily absent.   