 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to acknowledge the years of  bipartisan hard work on one of the most challenging subjects we have  here, which is gun violence, mental illness, and all the things that  basically contribute to these horrible, horrible tragedies. Something  has to be done, and something has been done.   There are going to be people who look at the piece of legislation we  are about to pass in a bipartisan way and say that it is not enough. I  can understand that. There are going to be other people saying that it  is too much, that it is the camel's nose under the tent and they want  to take my guns away. I can understand their concern because people  have scared them. It is a constitutional amendment. That is not going  to happen.   So what I want to reaffirm is, myself coming from a little town-- Farmington, WV--being raised in a gun culture, growing up in a gun  culture--my father was not a sportsman. He was not a gun person. But he  wanted to make sure I had access to people who knew how and lived in  this culture and who knew how to teach me properly.   So, growing up, they had what they called the Farmington Sportsman's  Club. These were a lot of the men who worked in the mines who kind of  took us under their wing, all us young kids. They taught us gun safety.  They called it ``gun sense.'' We are going to teach you some gun sense,  Joe. I said OK. And I understood it. Gun sense--it is the sensible  thing you do with a gun. It is the law-abiding thing law-abiding gun  owners do. The first thing they teach you is the safety of how to  handle the gun. It is never loaded. It is always broken down before you  go into the woods, before you prepare to hunt or if you are going to  shoot, whatever you are going to do. They would teach us about that.  They would teach us everything they possibly could, and then they  explained to us why they were teaching us.   They said: First of all, the most important thing to know when you  acquire a weapon--and it is a weapon--it is basically to feed your  family, to defend your family, and basically the sporting of skeet  shooting or target shooting.   I said: I got it. I understand.   They said: Do you understand this?   I said: What?   You never sell your gun to a stranger--never, ever, ever. If you  don't know the person, that is not someone you want to sell to until  you know exactly who they are and what their intent may be.   Fine. So that is part of my gun culture: You never sell your gun to a  stranger.   He said: You never loan your gun--even to a family member who is not  responsible. If you deem them to be not a responsible person and you  have not trusted them by giving them your car or doing anything with  them with any valuables you had, why would you loan them your gun? It  is a dangerous--you know, they don't know how to do it. They won't,  basically, take care of it and honor it and understand the gun culture  that you do.   These are things I learned very young.   I am going to fast-forward to Sandy Hook. Never in my mind, never in  my imagination, never in the United States of America could I believe  that 20 babies would get slaughtered, that we had become so mentally  disturbed that someone could feel that was something they needed to do  or something drove them to it. I couldn't comprehend that. But what was  even harder than that was, once I got to know all the families, knowing  that most of the children were hard to identify or that they had to use  DNA to identify them, that told me everything.   So I was on the floor of the Senate one time in 2013, and people were  talking about, we have got to do something. Every time there is a  horrific tragedy, we are all willing to start talking about, we have  got to do something.   Mr. President, during that time I was here and we were talking, a  person said we have got to ban this and ban that and take this off the  streets and take this. I heard all those things.   I confronted one of our Senators at that time about the types of  guns. They never--they didn't come from a gun culture. We were all  raised a little differently. They never had the opportunity to learn as  I did.   I said: I think what you are doing is taking a position right now  that by me being a law-abiding gun owner--and I own guns--that I am  going to do something criminally with them or abuse them. I am not. You  have got to give me that certain amount of concern that I am a law- abiding gun owner the same as you buy--whether you buy a car or  whatever you buy that may do danger to yourself or others in public,  you have that right as a law-abiding citizen, and that is a product  that is being sold. I understand all that.   They said: Well, Joe, if you know so much, why don't you write a  bill?    I said: Well, the thing I see, where the loopholes are--I just told  you. As a law-abiding gun owner, you can't infringe on me by saying I  can't give it to my child or my grandson or I can't give it to my  brother or my cousin--my family, immediate family. You have to give me  that ability to make those decisions as a law-abiding gun owner with  common gun sense.   But I said: What you do is--you have a problem at a gun show. You can  go to a gun show anywhere--they are all over the country--and there  will be somebody in that gun show selling  [[Page S3114]]  guns who doesn't do a background check because they are not a licensed  dealer. That is the way the system is set up.   I said: That is not right. That person is either not a law-abiding  gun owner or doesn't understand guns well enough of how we were  trained. So that should be a loophole to be stopped.   Then we talked about, well, how about on the internet now? We have  all these transactions on the internet anymore. So with the  transactions that are happening on the internet, the way the law is set  up today, if I buy from you in Maryland or you buy from me, then I have  got to send my gun to a dealer, a licensed firearm dealer in Maryland,  before, Mr. President, you can go pick it up, and they will do a  background check on you. But if I sell my gun to somebody in my State  of West Virginia--whether you are down in Bluefield, WV, or in  Wheeling, WV--I can do that without going through any gun dealer, a  licensed dealer, to do a background check. That should be stopped.   So basically we did a bill, and I got Senator Pat Toomey from  Pennsylvania. That was the Manchin-Toomey bill we did back in 2013. It  has probably been vetted longer than anyone else--any piece of  legislation as far as on guns.   I would dearly love to have a commonsense background check bill that  did not infringe on law-abiding gun owners' rights and protected the  Second Amendment. We weren't able to get that in. But, you know what, I  understand. I am OK. I would have loved to. But we got some other  things in.   So what I am trying to point out, those of you who didn't think you  got what you wanted, trust me, we need to start somewhere. This is a  start.   The only thing I had--advice to the committee--we worked on a  bipartisan group--was this: Whatever we do, we have got to make sure  that we are able to say what we are doing today would have prevented  this horrible Uvalde tragedy.   Again, we had young, young kids--babies, if you will, innocent--whose  lives were taken away from them and their families.   Something has to be done. It is not open season on children. So if we  do anything, it has to be towards the safety of children and the school  system. If you can't, as a parent or a grandparent, see your child off  to school, knowing full well they are going to return home safe or if  you have that doubt in your mind or if that child has that doubt and  they are scared to go to school, something is wrong with our system in  America.   We are asking just basically for good, decent people to step up. This  is a piece of legislation that will do an awful lot of good, and it is  something we can build off of, and I think that is our purpose.   Support State crisis intervention orders. We are putting $750 million  that will be available for States to create and administer laws that  help keep weapons out of the hands of those determined by a court, with  strong due process--now, they have been talking about what kind of a  flag it is, what kind of a law. Forget about that.   What we are saying is, when we identify them--let me tell you  something. The people who can do more good and help us more are the  students who are going to school and have befriended their group of  friends, and all of a sudden, this student goes dark. Something  happens. They take you off of their social media page. They don't want  to interact with you anymore. They have another group of friends.  Something is wrong. But if you had a mental hygiene professional in  that school system that you could go to as a student and say, ``I have  a friend I am concerned about,'' then it is in the proper hands. We  haven't had that. This gives us that chance. This gives us that chance  to do it.   Protection of victims of domestic violence. We know, far too many  times--and to tell you how rampant this is and the culture that we  have, there are domestic violence shelters almost in every corner of  the country. Wherever you live in America, you can find a domestic  violence shelter. We are that committed to protecting people going  through abuse.   This basically closes the boyfriend loophole, which is something that  has been needed to be done for quite a while. I think that it is going  to save lives. I really do.   Enhanced background checks for people under 21. Myself, I was very  open. I think it should have gone to 21. Makes all the sense in the  world.   I use this rationale: If you are less than 21 years of age and over  the age of 18, you cannot go to a gun store legally and buy a handgun.  It is the law. Not once have we ever had a strong position to where  people are saying: Oh, you have got to have 18-year-olds go buy  handguns--trying to retract that. We haven't. It doesn't make sense.  But for some reason, we never have on the long guns. And I am going to  tell you why. Rite of passage: my first long gun, single shot .22--it  is considered long. It is one single shot, bolt-action .22. My next gun  was a .410 shotgun to go squirrel hunting. Then I jumped over 16-gauge  to a 12-gauge because I wanted to be big time. I wanted to show them I  can shoot a 12-gauge and take the kick. But that is the reason.    So at 18, you know, you are out there--and they told me this: Well,  wait a minute, 18-year-olds can go into the military, and they are  going to be taught all these weapons.   I said: Let me make sure you understand. They are going to be  properly trained, and they are not going to leave base with them. They  are properly trained. And those weapons that you are talking about are  used only for the military and defense of our country and does not  leave base unless they are on duty. That is the difference in what you  want to do.   So we opened it up, and this new product comes onto the market. And  this product comes onto the market with a vengeance. The only thing I  have said--and I have been very public about it--I don't own one, but I  have friends and family members who do, and I trust they will do the  right thing. They enjoy them, for whatever reason. So I haven't gone  down that path.   But the bottom line is we have got to take a position that we are  going to protect our children. And this is what it is about. It is a  child protection bill, as far as I am concerned. And if you can't  protect the children in America, if you can't protect the children in  your neighborhood, in your school system, that go to school, the same  school as your children and grandchildren, then God help us all. And if  that is not at the front of every discussion on a PTO meeting today  going on around the country, in every school board going on around the  country, then something is wrong. How hardened is your school? How well  are our children protected? If I am a parent or grandparent, that is  what I am asking.   I have three young grandchildren in that age exactly in the school  system, very close to where this happened. And you can imagine where my  heart was when I heard about this horrible tragedy. So I can only  imagine. My heart and prayers go out to these family members who will  never bring back their children. I am still very close to the Sandy  Hook parents and the movement that made people more aware. It has taken  a long time, but we are going in the right direction.   I see my good friend Senator Cornyn, who has worked so hard on this.   This is something that is long overdue--long overdue. So what we are  going to do, if you are 18 to 21, we want to make sure that we know  what your juvenile record is. If there is a juvenile record, we are  going to find it, and we are going to see if you are worthy or not to  have this type of gun. And that is going to be a 3- to 10-day process  for us to get the records back through the different systems to make  sure that we have evaluated them properly and to review the juvenile  and mental records, which are so important. I can assure you, a young  person who maybe didn't have the family support they needed or the  nurturing that was needed and they have been in the juvenile system for  violence or behavior problems, it is going to be someone that more than  likely is going to have a problem as they grow older, unless they can  get help. Maybe now we can identify and get that person help so they  don't harm themselves or anyone else in society. That is the purpose of  what we are doing.   And then you have the investment in mental health funding: $11  billion we are investing in mental health. That is serious. For the  first time, for us to put this type of money--of public money--towards  something that is a public  [[Page S3115]]  tragedy that we are dealing with, I think the money is going in the  right place. So when we said we want to be able to prevent--this bill  should be able to prevent someone who shouldn't have a gun in that age  group, and it gives us a little extra eyes and time to look into it, we  have done it. To say that we basically are going to be able to identify  this person and maybe help that person save themselves and a whole lot  of other innocent people, we have done it.   We have started in the right direction. There is a lot more we can  do. So for all of you that are out there saying, You didn't do enough,  it is just not good enough--don't let the perfect be the enemy of the  good. This is a good piece of legislation, and it has bipartisan  support. And I am so proud of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle.   It is time to move forward. We will be voting very shortly on that  sometime today. It will be a historic vote, a very historic vote. And I  am proud that the colleagues are standing tall on this. We have 50  Democrats and 15 Republicans, and that is a major accomplishment in  today's atmosphere.   So I am proud to be a Senator that is going to take part in a  historic piece of legislation to maybe correct a lot of the fears that  people have right now of sending their children or grandchildren to  school, of maybe relieving the fears of children who are saying, I am  afraid to go to school today. That is something I have never heard  growing up. It is something I couldn't imagine in the United States of  America. I don't want my children or grandchildren and their children  having to live through this. It is time for us to stop it.    This is a right start. It is a right piece of legislation. It is a  good piece of legislation. And this is one time we have put our money  where our mouth is and the mental health illness that goes on around in  this country to make sure we are taking care of a problem that has been  festering for a long time.   With that, I want to thank my colleague, Senator Cornyn, from Texas.  I want to thank all of the group, if you will. We have 20-plus strong,  equally divided--Democrats and Republicans--working for the right cause  and the purpose for us being here, making sure we do something good for  America and protect our children. We have done that in this bill.   With that, I say thank you to all of my friends, all of my  colleagues, for a job well done.   With that, I see my friend is here, and I yield the floor.    If I could say one thing, Senator Cornyn, if you give me  a minute here.   The leadership you have shown is admirable. It really is. You come  from a gun culture. I come from a gun culture. We know the challenges  in a gun culture. I said: To a group of people, it is not enough; to  other people, it is too much. Anything is too much because it is the  camel's nose under the tent they are afraid of. We protected the Second  Amendment. And we attacked the problem we have been identifying, which  is mental illness. And you brought that to the forefront, took it. We  put our money where our mouth is.   I think this is a great piece of legislation for us to start  protecting the children of America. And I thank you again for that.   