 Mr. Speaker, as the Ranking Member of the Asia-Pacific  Subcommittee, I rise today in support of H.R. 5497, the BURMA Act,  bipartisan legislation Chairman Meeks and I introduced last year in  response to the coup in Burma. And I want to thank Ranking Member  McCaul and Ms. Tenney and all those who have supported this legislation  on both sides of the aisle.   As everyone who follows the situation in Burma knows, on February 1,  2021 the Burmese military perpetrated a coup against the civilian  government, detained its elected leaders and set up a junta.   This is by no means the first time the generals have seized power but  this time the response has been different. The people of Burma, in all  walks of life have courageously stood up against the military with  peaceful protests, mass strikes, and other civil disobedience.   The military's response bas been predictable--they initiated a  crackdown that continues today. They've killed over seventeen hundred  people and imprisoned thousands more. This repression has pushed the  country into civil war, essentially, as the generals stubbornly refuse  to restore democracy.   Let me be clear, this coup is a blatant violation of the rights of  the Burmese people. Self-government and self-determination are rights  of all people around the world, not a gift from a small handful of  elites who pretend to be entitled to rule over their fellow citizens.  The generals cannot simply back out of democracy when it no longer  serves their purposes. It's a right that's owed to the people of Burma.   In response to the coup, Chairman Meeks and I introduced this BURMA  Act. Briefly recapping the history of this legislation, in September  2017, the Burmese military began a genocidal campaign to permanently  drive the Rohingya out of Burma which resulted in over 700,000 Rohingya  refugees fleeing from Rakhine State, Burma into neighboring Bangladesh.  They remain there today without any meaningful hope of returning home.   This campaign consisted of widespread, systematic, and premeditated  human rights abuses, including barbaric killings, gang rapes, and the  burning of around 400 Rohingya villages. According to a partial State  Department report on these atrocities, about half of the Rohingya  surveyed said they personally witnessed a rape while about 80 percent  witnessed killings and the destruction of villages.   In response to these atrocities, Ranking Member Eliot Engel and I  wrote the original BURMA Act which would have imposed sanctions on the  military, and deployed several other tools to address longstanding  concerns with Burma. While the legislation passed in the House several  times, the Senate failed to take it up.   Last year, in response to the coup, Chairman Meeks and I updated the  BURMA Act to provide some measure of accountability for both the  genocide in 2017 and this year's coup, and to reflect the sanctions the  Biden Administration has already imposed on the Burmese military. The  new version of the legislation will levy stronger sanctions against the  military, and provide additional assistance to the people of Burma.   I would specifically like to point out that this legislation deals  specifically with accountability for the crimes committed against the  Rohingya, and has for the last several years required the State  Department to determine whether this was a genocide. I'm pleased that  last month Secretary Blinken took this step, and declared officially  and on behalf of the United States what many of us have known for some  time that the crimes were indeed a genocide. This decision is one we  can all support--and probably one of the few things this Administration  has done that I can really get behind.   As the coup and its aftermath continue to drag on, we must use this  determination to renew focus on the situation in Burma and intensify  our efforts to see that the Burmese Military comes to terms with the  fact that the people have chosen a different path. The BURMA Act would  go a long way in that effort, so I would urge my colleagues to support  its passage.   