 Mr. President, I guess I am one of those extreme  Republicans that believe that a child who sucks their thumb, wiggles  their toes and fingers, feels pain, has a beating heart, has a  functioning nervous system, has DNA that is different than the mom or  the dad is a baby.   I didn't think that was an extreme position to see a child as self- evident. That is a child. Now, I understand Americans are divided on  whether children in the womb are convenient or inconvenient, and if  they are inconvenient, they can be thrown away as medical waste, but if  they are convenient, they are kept.   I just think every child is precious, and I think every child should  be honored and protected. So I guess that makes me extreme.   The bill that I bring today is a bill that just looks at the millions  and millions and millions of Americans who believe like I do. Many of  them work in hospitals, and they joined the healthcare profession and  got a medical degree because they wanted to save life. They wanted to  be a part of protecting individuals at their most critical times, but  they also had this real belief--that is a science-based belief, by the  way--that a child in the womb is just like a child outside the womb,  the only difference is time.   Forty weeks ago, you were 40 weeks younger. That child in the womb at  conception and the child outside the womb is just 40 weeks older, just  like you are 40 weeks older than what you were 40 weeks ago. It is  still a child.   For the millions of Americans who believe like that, we have had  conscience-protection laws on the books, for a long time. In fact,  there are 25 conscience-protection laws on the books in America right  now. Many of these have not been controversial. In fact, if we go  through the church amendments, when they were done, they protect the  conscience rights of individuals and entities that object to performing  or assisting in the performance of abortions or sterilizations against  their religious beliefs or moral convictions.   When that passed, almost 50 years ago now, it passed 92 to 1 in this  body. It just wasn't that controversial. We understood that people  disagreed on the issue of abortion. And why would you ever compel  someone to be able to perform an abortion when their conscience objects  to that?   In 2004, Congress created the Weldon amendment. It is on all of our  annual appropriations bills. The Weldon amendment bars Federal  Government, State and local government, and recipients of Federal funds  from discriminating against healthcare entities that refuse to provide,  pay for, or provide coverage or refer for abortions. It has not been  that controversial.   In fact, it was on the Consolidated Appropriations Act last year,  which passed 92 to 6. This has not been that controversial to be able  to honor the rights of individuals.   Now, there are some things that have changed. Some of these 25 laws  have not been enforced. In fact, these 25 conscience protections that  are on our books right now are dependent on the executive branch to  actually enforce those laws. If I go back during the Trump  administration, they confronted California because California mandated  that insurance providers had to provide abortion coverage. Well, that  is not consistent with our law.   And so the administration pushed them and said: No, you can't compel  a religious institution that has a moral objection to abortion in your  State; you can't make them buy abortion coverage and actually pay into  that system--though California is.   So the Trump administration said to them: No, you have got to allow  those folks to have the option; that is the Federal law. And that was  in the process of being enforced until this administration took the  leadership and Xavier Becerra, who was the attorney general of  California, then moved to HHS and immediately dropped the suit against  California, his old State--curious.   So the religious entities don't have any recourse in California  because the executive branch won't enforce it.   Let me give you another example. There was an employer, University of  Vermont Medical Center. They were pressed with a lawsuit against them  for knowingly, willfully, and repeatedly violating the Church  amendments. They had nurses that were there that said: I have a  conscience issue. I don't want to participate in abortion, and the  University of Vermont Medical Center would compel them to perform  abortions or they would lose their job.   It is in direct violation of Federal law and the conscience  protections. So there was a lawsuit against them to be able to have  them actually carry out Federal law.   When the Biden administration came in, Xavier Becerra immediately  dropped that lawsuit. There was no settlement. There was no statement  about it. Though it is Federal law that you can't violate someone's  conscience protections, they said: We are not going to enforce that  Federal law--though it was in the process of being enforced.   So the question is, For religious entities in California or for a  nurse in Vermont, where do they go? If the entity that is charged under  Federal law--25 Federal laws, to be exact, to actually allow people to  have conscience protections--if that entity says, ``We won't do it,''  what happens?   Well, this bill is very straightforward. It just gives the ability  for that individual to be able to press a suit for their own rights.   If the Federal Government will not enforce the law, this allows that  individual to step up and say: Then, I will then file charges that you  are in violation of Federal law for this--to protect their rights as a  citizen.   Quite frankly, it is not any different than what any other citizen  would do anywhere else--that if they had some civil violation against  them that was clearly in violation of their rights, they would be able  to go to court and be able to say: My rights have been violated; here  is the statute. And they would have their day in court.   That is not allowed currently in Federal law. It has to be the  executive branch to carry it out. And, as we have learned, it is under  the whims of the executive branch whether they are going to carry that  out or not.   But, listen, this is really not that controversial in America. The  most recent survey that was done by the Knights of Columbus that  actually just came out this week asked a question about conscience  protections. It was a very straightforward question. And the answer  came back: 75 percent of the individuals surveyed said that doctors and  nurses should not be forced to perform abortions if they have a  religious objection.   Now, we are very divided on the issue of abortion, but our Nation is  really not that divided on the issue of conscience protections. This  is, Can an employer compel someone to do something that violates their  religious beliefs or moral beliefs? And if they don't, they lose their  job. That is the only question that is in this, and that is why I bring  it to this body today. That is my simple request.   Now, this body knows, and Senator Murray, who is on the floor with me  today, knows full well of my beliefs about the value of every single  child. I do look forward to a day that we are post-Roe as a nation and  the Supreme Court of the United States is not compelling every State to  have abortions carried out that are elective abortions in their State.   A post-Roe nation is not a nation that has no abortion. It is a  nation where, State to State, each State makes those decisions.   I have brought bills dealing with everything from chemical abortions  to 20-week, pain-capable bills dealing with Down syndrome children,  dealing with Planned Parenthood, dealing with all sorts of different  issues.   This issue today is very specific, though--just about conscientious  objectors. Should they be compelled to violate their beliefs by their  employer?   So as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be discharged from  further consideration of S. 401 and the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration. I further ask that the bill be considered read a third  time and  [[Page S367]]  passed, and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table.    Mr. President, to the Chair, we will as a nation  process through this in the days ahead. This body has very strict laws  that cover my State and many other States for a lot of other things.   In my State, if you go to build a building in the southeast part of  my State, you have to do frequent inspections to make sure the burying  beetle is not going to be harmed in that area because it is considered  threatened.   If you are in the western part of my State, you can't build certain  buildings in certain places or carry out certain farming activities  because the lesser prairie-chicken is there.   If you are in California, they pour their water--their great water-- out of the mountains into the ocean because if they don't, it may harm  the smelt.   If you are building a bridge in Oklahoma, at certain times of the  year, and a migratory bird puts up a nest in that construction area,  you have to stop construction, because migratory bird eggs are  valuable, burying beetles are valuable, prairie-chickens are valuable,  smelts are available, but we throw children in the trash.   We have got to figure this out as a nation, and, currently, we seem  to be afraid to talk about it or even to protect the rights of  individuals who disagree about this in the workplace. We have got to  figure this out as a nation.   I yield the floor.   