 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, look, now more than ever, the Department  of Veterans Affairs needs a steady hand to guide the Veterans Health  Administration. This is the Nation's largest integrated healthcare  system, and its job is to deliver quality and timely care to our  veterans.   I rise today because in about 15 minutes, we are going to vote on the  confirmation of Dr. Shereef Elnahal to run the Veterans Health  Administration. He has an impressive record of leading healthcare  systems and health agencies. Most recently, Dr. Elnahal served as  president and CEO of University Hospital in Newark, NJ, and, previous  to that, New Jersey's 21st health commissioner. But more importantly  than that, Dr. Elnahal is committed to caring for the more than 9  million veterans in VA's care--a commitment he carried out as Assistant  Deputy Under Secretary for Health for Quality, Safety, and Value at the  Department.   It is no secret that VHA and healthcare systems and providers are  going through a challenging time. The VA continues to battle the  impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, with veterans' cases and  hospitalizations and deaths on the rise again. And VA staff are dealing  with burnout and increased turnover.   In the past, this body has been able to rise above politics to  install qualified individuals at the VA responsible for getting vets  the healthcare and benefits they need today.   This is also very, very important because the VA is in the process of  putting in an electronic health record. It is going to be  transformational--not only for the VA, but once it is done, it is going  to be transformational for the country, but we have to get it done in  the VA first. There have been some challenges. We need somebody with a  steady hand helping meet those challenges. Dr. Elnahal is that person.   Today, in about 12\1/2\ minutes, we need to act to confirm Dr.  Elnahal as the VA's next Under Secretary for Health, and I would  encourage everybody in this body to vote for him, get him in, hold him  accountable, and make sure that we are living up to the promises we  have made to our veterans for the healthcare they have earned.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I would ask that all time be yielded back  and that we start the vote immediately on Dr. Elnahal.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   