 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for the  time and for bringing up what we know is wrong, what we clearly know is  wrong.   Our finest and the absolute healthiest population, by the way, in the  [[Page H8059]]  United States of America is in the military. We are down to less than  half a percent of Americans who even serve in uniform. And recruiters,  even before the pandemic, were telling us they were concerned about  what they were looking forward to because the population really just  couldn't meet the recruiting goals because people were either  criminals, overweight, or what have you.   So we already have a problem, and then you get this vaccine mandate.  It is experimental, and they force the best of the best to leave the  service. Meanwhile, we can't defend ourselves. China is on the rise,  Madam Speaker, you have got Russia threatening nuclear war, and the  President declares the pandemic over while we are kicking our finest  people, people who said: Put me on the front line, I will sign the  blank check and give everything, including my life, in defense of our  country.   And we say, no, thank you. Unless you get this jab and bend the  knee--and bend the knee--your service here is not wanted.    How about this: anybody who has served, anybody who has  worn the uniform knows that as important as recruiting is, to replace  those who are retiring after spending the best years, their most  productive years, and their most healthy years of their lives in  uniform, the most important thing is retention. It is how you treat the  people who are going into battle. We are not interested in retaining  anybody, apparently, unless they bend the knee.   So we are going to kick someone out after the American taxpayer has  spent a boatload of money training someone.   Madam Speaker, do you know what the cost of training an F-18 pilot is  or an AH-64 pilot or the ultimate weapon, the American infantryman? Do  you know what the cost of that is, Madam Speaker?   After 18 years of service, the best years of their life, right before  they are ready to retire because they won't take the jab, we say that  we are not interested in retaining you, even knowing that we can't meet  our recruiting goals.   This is a complete dereliction of duty, and it is inviting to the  enemies of the United States. This weakness is provocative, and you are  seeing it all around the globe. This is all done by the Biden  administration and leftwing Democrats who somehow think that the  control that comes from the emergency pandemic order is better than  securing our Nation. And even under the circumstance where the  President himself said the pandemic is over, yet as my good friend from  Texas just said, while we stand here at this very moment, while the  pandemic is over, we are processing people out of the military at this  moment.    Madam Speaker, in Pennsylvania, of course, we stand on top  of hundreds and hundreds of years of our natural resources that are  abundant and readily available. They are cleaner than any other place  on the planet, and we have got an administration that says: Keep it in  the ground, don't use it.   Madam Speaker, half of Pennsylvania if you had gone back 20 years ago  looked like the 1950s, maybe not half of Pennsylvania, but a good  portion of the north central portion of Pennsylvania because there were  no jobs. The leftist policies, of course, in Pennsylvania chased all  the opportunity away, and families were struggling to hold on to their  farms. Then horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing came into  favor, and these farms and these communities were saved and brought  into the 21st century.    The Obama administration and this administration has come in and  said, oh, no. Back to poverty for you. You are not going to be able to  afford to heat your home.   And if you are, guess what?   You are going to be making a choice between heating your home this  winter and feeding your family, all by design, all on purpose, and all  intentional by this administration.   It is unacceptable, and as my good friend from Texas said, we are  being  [[Page H8060]]  asked in the next few days here, whenever they come up with whatever  they come up with, to keep funding this and to keep funding that kind  of policy.   Why would we provide one vote for it?   There is not one Republican vote. Quite honestly, not one Democrat  should vote for it if they love their country, if they love the people  in their communities, and if they care about the people who are  suffering and struggling to pay their bills.    Madam Speaker, this is what we have. We are not the  executive branch. We don't enforce the laws. But when the executive  branch governs against the will of the people--and ladies and  gentlemen, what we hear all day around this place is, oh, they are  trying to destroy democracy because they have a disagreement, they have  a political disagreement, they are trying to destroy democracy.   Ladies and gentlemen, this is a Republic. Madam Speaker, this is a  Republic. And the power of the purse, the power of taking from the  people a portion of what they earn and distributing it through the  Federal Government through its policies resides right here, right here  in this House of Representatives. It is the only thing we have.   We can't arrest people. We can't prosecute people. We can say enough  is enough. You are governing against the will of the American people.  You are governing against the best interest of your country. We are not  going to help. We signed up not to help. You are not going to get our  vote.   If you want to do it, you can own it. You can go explain to the  American people why they can't afford their bills; why they can't find  things on the grocery shelves; and why their police aren't on the  streets; and why they are worried about when they step out somebody  from some other country who doesn't belong here is going to kill their  children or abduct them or rob their store. You can explain it because  we are not going to because we are not going to vote to continue this  charade, this assault on the American taxpayer and American citizens.    Madam Speaker, what my good friend from Texas who joins me  in the Freedom Caucus is alluding to is we are being asked to fund a  government for a period of time in which the election will occur. We  are going to run out of money here in 9 days, and we are being asked to  fund the government, and all things that my good friend from Texas has  already outlined, all those atrocities, but not until the rest of the  year, just until sometime in December after the election when people  have lost their election and there is no accountability.   You know what they are going to do then? They are going to waltz  right in here, and say: Oh, you know what? We are running out of money  again. We got to do it again. You know what? I don't have to stand for  election. So if you think this one is bad, if you think all the things  that Mr. Roy has outlined that are in this one, more money for COVID  when there is no more pandemic--so says the President of the United  States--if you think that is bad, just wait until these folks don't  have to stand for election in December.   We are saying, if we are going to fund a package, first of all, it  has to fix these things. First of all, it has to fix these things.  Second of all, send it into the next term so that the people's voice  can be heard after November's election. But that is not going to  happen. That is not going to happen.   There is no way--as my good friend from Texas says, not one more  penny. Not one more penny to support these failed policies, these  policies that go against the people that are governed by this town.     Madam Speaker, I thank the good gentleman from Texas (Mr.  Roy) for bringing this to light. He is absolutely right. We didn't come  here, none of us came here on either side of the aisle, because we  thought Washington was perfect. We came here because we know it is  broken.   If you know something is broken, why do you keep doing the exact same  things that have broken it? Yet, we are being asked, once again, when  we come here--well, this is what we always do. We are running out of  money. We have to pass this. I remind everybody, we are, what, $32-,  $31-, $30-something trillion in debt. They don't even print this money  anymore; they just digitally create it.   We don't have the money to do this. Not one more penny to rule  against the consent of the govern is what I say.   