 Mr. President, I rise to discuss three civilian nominees:  Mr. Robert Storch, Ms. Tia Johnson, and Mr. Russell Rumbaugh, who are  each nominated to hold critical positions within the Department of  Defense. They have been on the Executive Calendar for months. Yet I am  unaware of any objections to these nominees related to their  qualifications for the positions for which they have been nominated.   I need not remind my colleagues, with Russia's invasion of Ukraine  and the increasingly aggressive actions of China, how critically  important it is to ensure the Defense Department has the people power  it needs to do its job well.   I would also like to note that in the past, my colleagues have been  very cognizant of this need for the smooth workings of the Defense  Department, and nominees for the Department--both civilian and  military--have been voted out of committee and off the floor quickly,  typically by unanimous consent. I find it ironic now, at a time when we  see unparalleled threats to our national security, that nominees for  the Department of Defense would be held for months on end, with no  objections on qualifications, without any path to confirmation other  than a cloture vote.   There are presently eight Defense Department nominees waiting on the  Executive Calendar. At the end of next week, it will be 12. Today, I  would like to discuss these three individuals.   Mr. Robert Storch is nominated to be the Department of Defense  inspector  [[Page S3732]]  general and was favorably reported out of the Armed Services Committee  on March 8, 2022.   The Defense Department has not had a Senate-confirmed inspector  general since January 8, 2016. I will repeat that. The Defense  Department has not had a Senate-confirmed inspector general since  January 2016. The last nominee, put forward by then-President Obama,  was withdrawn by President Trump on February 28, 2017.   Mr. Trump designated the Honorable Sean O'Donnell as the acting DOD  IG on April 6, 2020, but the GAO recently issued a decision that Mr.  O'Donnell's continuing service as the acting inspector general is in  violation of the Vacancies Act. As such, there is really no effective  inspector general in the Department of Defense--the largest Agency in  the Federal Government.   For these reasons, in addition to the fundamental importance of the  IG's work, the Senate needs to confirm Mr. Storch as soon as possible.  The Department has been without a Senate-confirmed IG for more than 6  years, and we cannot wait any longer.   Ms. Tia Johnson was reported out of the committee on April 5, 2022,  and would become one of five judges on the Court of Appeals for the  Armed Forces, often referred to as the ``Supreme Court of military  law.'' The court's next hearing is scheduled for October 12, 2022,  where it will consider important jurisdictional and substantive issues  in military criminal law.   Importantly, the FY22 NDAA implemented extensive changes to the  Uniform Code of Military Justice, including a statute that would  criminalize sexual harassment under some circumstances. Ms. Johnson  will play a critical role on the Court of Appeals in reviewing  challenges and issues with the recent sexual assault and sexual  harassment statutes, including defendants' rights under the Uniform  Code of Military Justice.   Without Miss Johnson, the court risks deadlock, which will further  hamper the military's ability to provide good order and discipline,  which is fundamental to any military force.   Mr. Russell Rumbaugh was nominated on March 21, 2022, to serve as the  Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Financial Management and  Comptroller. This nomination was privileged, so it did not require a  hearing and was intended to move expeditiously. The committee sent  policy questions to Mr. Rumbaugh and received his answers on April 25,  2022. The committee reported out his nomination on May 12, and pursuant  to S. Res. 116, his nomination was moved 10 days later to the  appropriate section of the Executive Calendar and was ready for  confirmation by the full Senate. So his confirmation has been waiting  for 2 months.    The Navy has not had a confirmed Assistant Secretary for Financial  Management and Comptroller since July 2020. This role is critical to  managing the budget and financial readiness of the Navy and the Marine  Corps, to include the Department's audit. Many will point out and  criticize, with some reasonableness, the fact that the Department of  Defense has not yet passed an audit. Well, it is very difficult to pass  an audit if you have critical individuals who are not in place to help  you prepare for and pass such an audit. That is another reason I think  we need--the Navy needs a comptroller.   Each of these positions are critically important to the Department of  Defense. The sooner they assume their offices, the better for the  Department's ability to tackle these challenges on behalf of  servicemembers and their families and the Nation. And, indeed, the  sooner they are there, the more we will be able to support the men and  women in uniform in the United States who are deployed across the  globe. They need that kind of support here in Washington.   With that, Mr. President, I would ask unanimous consent that the  Senate proceed to executive session to consider the following  nominations en bloc: No. 843, No. 861, and No. 972; that the  nominations be agreed to without intervening action or debate; the  motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that  any statements related to the nominations be printed in the Record; and  that the President be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Mr. President, the Senator from Missouri has objected, and  I believe he is the only individual Member of the Senate who objects.  In that case, I think I would be prepared to offer another unanimous  consent that would allow debate upon these members. That, I think,  should be satisfactory to the Senator, because it will give him an  opportunity to express his objections to these individuals and why they  are not qualified to be in office.   With that, I renew my above request, except that I ask unanimous  consent that at a time to be determined by the majority leader, in  consultation with the Republican leader, the Senate proceed to  executive session; that there be 1 hour for debate, equally divided in  the usual form on the nominations en bloc; that upon the use or  yielding back of time, the Senate vote on the nominations in the order  listed; and that following disposition of the nominations, the Senate  resume legislative session.    Mr. President, I believe I retain the time, but if the  Senator would like me to make a short statement and then object--    I think the easy thing to do is let me yield such time as  the Senator requires.    Mr. President, I reclaim my time.   I respectfully disagree with the Senator from Missouri on this  matter. The Senate Armed Services Committee conducts and has conducted  extensive oversight on Afghanistan. Committee actions include seven  public and closed hearings regarding the War in Afghanistan, lessons  learned, and ongoing regional counterterrorism requirements  [[Page S3733]]  since the withdrawal last August. And Senator Hawley has participated  in all of these.   The National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 contained  a provision, section 1092, that mandated the Department of Defense  deliver quarterly briefings, in both unclassified and classified form,  on the security situation in Afghanistan and ongoing counterterrorism  efforts.   The classified briefings have taken place on January 20, April 14,  and July 21. The unclassified briefings have taken place on February 14  and April 25. An additional unclassified briefing will be held  tomorrow, coincidentally, and Senator Hawley has full access to all of  these briefings.   The National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 also  contains a provision, section 1069, which requires a yearly assessment  of our over-the-horizon counterterrorism capabilities in Afghanistan.  While the first installment has not yet been delivered to the  committee, Senator Hawley will have access to those assessments, as  well as will all of my colleagues.   The National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 further  mandated the establishment of the Afghanistan War Commission, which  will spend 3 years examining all aspects of the 20-year war in-depth.  All the Commissioners have been appointed, and we expect the Commission  to commence work in the near term. And Senator Hawley will have the  same access to the Commission's findings as everyone else.   What I think the Senator does not understand is that the events that  took place at Abbey Gate were not unique to that moment in time. They  were the culmination of 20 years of actions by Presidents from both  sides, by commanders on both sides. And in order to understand what  truly happened at Abbey Gate, we have to look at all of those periods.   What was the effect of Donald Trump's agreement with the Taliban,  excluding the legal government of Afghanistan, to essentially leave?  And what other events created the situation that led directly to the  situation at Abbey Gate? Without that context, this will simply be a  way to vilify the administration, a way to point out shortcomings, and  it won't get to what we really should be focused on: What profound  lessons can we learn from 20 years in Afghanistan that will assist us  in the future, that will protect our men and women in uniform?   Again, if the focus is on political retaliation and retribution, that  is part of this organization. But if we want to focus on protecting  today the lives of men and women who serve and their families who will  grieve if they are lost, then we have to take a broader view, which we  are doing in the Commission, which we are doing when we bring our  experts in on a frequent basis to talk about Afghanistan--and which we  must do by filling these positions in the Department of Defense.   Without the support of a functioning Department of Defense, we will  be in a situation where we are putting at risk the soldiers, sailors,  airmen, marines, and guardians who protect this Nation.   I yield the floor.   