 Mr. President, I rise today in opposition to this  administration's dangerous policy of American weakness and in support  of the strong men and women of the United States' energy sector, who  are ready to step forward to return this Nation to energy independence,  to burnish this Nation's strength, and to show the Russians what the  United States is capable of.   It will be lost on no one that we are approximately a week into the  largest conventional military attack in Europe since 1945. Vladimir  Putin's brutal war of choice against the Ukrainians continues as we  speak. It grows worse, more devastating, and more brutal by the hour,  and it is time that, in the midst of this war, we confronted a basic  fact: that Russia isn't so much a country as it is a gas station, and  Vladimir Putin's gas station is open for business and pumping away, and  this administration--this administration--has made the decision to make  this country more dependent on Russian oil, to make the world more  dependent on Russian oil, to embolden and empower Vladimir Putin at a  time when the world can ill afford it, and it is time to change course.   And we can change course. We can change our energy production policy.  We can open up our energy sector to make us once again the dominant  energy producer in the world, to make us truly energy independent, to  make us energy strong, to put Russia in its place, and to put the  United States at the head of the energy sector worldwide.   But that is not where we stand right now. Today, the United States is  importing--in the midst of this conflict, in the midst of Russian  aggression, the United States is importing--buying from Russia to the  tune of 670,000 barrels of oil every single day. It has nearly doubled  just in the past year.   Now, I would submit to you that whatever you think about this  administration's geostrategic policies--this is, after all, an  administration that has managed to lose two sovereign nations in the  space of 6 months--whatever you think of that record, this is not  sustainable. This is not good for the world. This makes America weaker,  not stronger, and this is a time for American strength.   What did Joe Biden do when he came to the Office of the President of  the United States just over a year ago?   Well, among his first actions was to cancel the Keystone Pipeline, to  halt a leasing program in Alaska, to issue a halt on all new oil and  gas leases, as well as drilling permits on Federal lands and Federal  waters. By the way, that accounts for about 25 percent of U.S. energy  production.   He directed Federal Agencies to get rid of all support for fossil  fuels. He imposed new regulations on oil and gas and methane emissions.  He hired new SEC regulators to propose new climate regulations, and the  list goes on and on.   And these policies have had their effect. I will give the President  credit where credit is due. His policies to throttle down our energy  production have been successful. He has succeeded in making this Nation  energy dependent.   In 2019, in 2020--for the first time, certainly, in my lifetime--the  United States actually exported more energy than it imported. We were  energy independent, and, even better, we were becoming the energy  supplier for the world.   Who is the energy supplier for the world now? It is Vladimir Putin,  and that is because, at least in part, of the policies that this  administration and President Biden have deliberately sought to pursue.   Look, the statistics don't lie. Why is Russia able to pursue this war  of aggression in Ukraine?   Well, at least in part because of this: They supply 20 percent of  Europe's oil--Russia alone, 20 percent of Europe's oil--40 percent of  its gas, 20 percent of its coal. Russia supplies to the tune of 55  percent of Germany's natural gas alone--just Germany's, 55 percent.  Now, can we wonder why our German partners were slow to want to  sanction Russia, to provide lethal aid to Ukraine when they needed it  before the invasion occurred? It is because Russia has Europe in a  stranglehold.   And that should be no excuse. I am not saying that the Europeans  deserve an out--not at all. But I am saying that Vladimir Putin has  used his power, his energy production, to try and project new power in  Europe, and, unfortunately, he is having success.  [[Page S967]]    It ought to be our policy to reverse his power projection, to shut  down his gas stations--his gas station of a country--by returning this  country to energy independence and energy dominance, and we can do it.   This is not a pie-in-the-sky pipe dream. We have been there before.  We were just energy independent, just a few years ago. We know what to  do. It is actually pretty simple. All we have to do is roll back the  disastrous policies that this administration imposed just a year ago,  roll those back and allow the American worker to get back to work on  our pipelines, on our rigs, drilling and pumping natural gas and  producing biofuels like the ones that we produce, the kind that we  produce in my State. Put American energy back to work. It is actually  pretty simple.    Sometimes, Ronald Reagan once said, there actually are simple  solutions, not easy ones but simple ones. This one is simple, it is  direct, and it is time that we took it.   And that is why I have introduced legislation, along with Senator  Grassley and Senator Hagerty and Senator Tuberville, that would do just  this. It would reverse the disastrous energy policies of this  administration, the policies that have emboldened and enabled and  empowered Vladimir Putin and the Russian military, and return this  country to energy strength, return this country to energy dominance.   I can't put it any better than this: If you will give--if the  President of the United States would give--the American worker a  chance--give the folks who man those pipelines, give the folks who work  the oil rigs--give them a chance to show what they can do, and I will  tell you what they will show you: They will show you that they are the  best in the world. They will show you that they are the strongest in  the world. They will show you that this country is the strongest in the  world, and they will put the Russian energy sector to shame.   And, by the way, Joe Biden's policy was to green-light the Russian  pipeline, Putin's pipeline, Nord Stream 2. He lifted sanctions on it  when he came to office; imposed limits on our own energy production but  lifted them on the Russians.   Here is a suggestion: Shut down Putin's pipelines. Shut down Putin's  energy sector. Open ours up. Do just the opposite of what President  Biden did a year ago. Shut down the Russian energy production, open up  American energy protection, and show the world what the American people  can do.   And that is what the bill that I have introduced, along with my  cosponsors, who I am proud to have with me--that is what it would do.  It is very simple, Mr. President, and I would suggest to you that the  time is of the essence.   I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Energy and Natural  Resources be discharged from further consideration of S. 3714 and the  Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. I further ask unanimous  consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and  that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table.    Mr. President, I want to thank the Senator from Delaware  for his remarks, which I appreciate. It is a privilege to serve with  him, as we do, on the Homeland Security Committee, and work with him as  we do--as I have--and I look forward to working together, hopefully on  this issue, and others in the future.   We do disagree on this issue. We have an honest and, I think,  principled disagreement. It is one that we ought to talk about. I am  glad we are talking about it here today, and I suspect it is one,  ultimately, that the American people are going to have to weigh in on  [[Page S968]]  because the differences are pretty significant. And that is fine. That  is democracy.   But I just want to highlight two things where I think we have a  principled disagreement. The first is the idea that, if we produce more  energy in this country, it won't have any effect on prices, energy  prices, or make us energy independent.   I would just ask the American people, I mean: Does gas cost more  today than it did before Joe Biden became President? Yes, it does. Are  you paying more for groceries? Are you paying more, if you are a  farmer, for fertilizer? Are you paying more for every input that is  associated with energy today than before Joe Biden was President?  Unfortunately, yes, you are.   Inflation is out of control in this country. Inflation associated  with the fuel that Americans use to fill up their trucks and their vans  and that they use to heat their homes is out of control, and there is a  reason for that. This is the reason for that. We are not producing  energy in this country like we were. We were energy independent in 2019  and 2020. It is not as if it can't be done. It has been done. Prices  were lower. It is basic supply and demand.    But there is also a national security aspect to this. Why would we  want to be dependent on a totalitarian state that is invading its  neighbors and is seeking to establish energy control of Europe and  beyond?   Why wouldn't we seek to thwart it? And why would we ask the American  people to pay more, day in and day out, to heat their homes, for fuel  for their cars? Why would we put them through that? Why would we ask  them to do that?   I just submit to you that there is a real tradeoff here, and the  administration has chosen the wrong side of the tradeoff. Put the  American energy sector back to work.   One other comment. I know that the Special Presidential Envoy for  Climate, former Senator Kerry, has expressed similar concerns about  climate change and has said recently that he fears that the crisis in  Ukraine will distract from the urgency of climate change.   Well, I submit to you that the crisis in Ukraine--the existential  threat to that proud and sovereign nation which is now in danger of  being extinguished, the threat to stability in Europe that Russia now  exerts, and the threat that China will exert to the world--yes, indeed,  that may distract from climate change, but that is just reality. It is  time we face the most pressing security threats that we have. And  putting Americans back to work and lowering their gas prices and their  fuel prices, making American families safer and more secure and making  our enemies less secure, that is a good policy, and it is one that I  hope we can have.   So, again, I thank my colleague and my friend, the Senator from  Delaware, and I suspect it won't be the last time we talk about this.   I yield the floor.   