 Mr. Speaker, today I rise in objection to H.R. 5746,  which is the latest attempt by my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle to ignore the 10th Amendment and dump on the State legislatures  of this Nation, basically telling them, ``You are incompetent,'' not to  mention the clerks.   Democrats first tried to barge through the front door of election  administration with H.R. 1. After that failed, they tried an overhaul  on the backdoor functions. And this bill represents a full-blown  takeover.   The supposedly slimmed-down bill would still override State laws by  creating a Federal right to no-excuse mail-in voting and requires  States to accept late-arriving ballots as long as they have timely  postmarks. It is kind of a joke.   It would automatically give felons the right to vote. Great.   It would also override State voter ID requirements. Only a few months  ago, Mr. Speaker, many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle  argued that voter ID laws suppressed voter turnout, only to flip-flop  once they saw that the public overwhelmingly supports proof of identity  before casting a ballot--80 percent in some States.  [[Page H165]]    Mr. Speaker, I am proud to have implemented strong voter ID laws  during my time in the Wisconsin legislature. Unfortunately, leading up  to the 2020 election, I saw these protections steamrolled under the  guise of the pandemic.   Let's talk about the Supreme Court. In 2013, a decision recognized  that we are no longer living in the Jim Crow era. The original Voting  Rights Act worked, and extreme policies like preclearance are no longer  required.   Allegations that election integrity measures that have been adopted  by States, such as Texas and Georgia, amount to anything close to Jim  Crow-era restrictions is a slap in the face to those who endured real  discrimination.   There is no voting rights crisis. This is not about ensuring access  to the polls. This is about taking power from the State legislatures  and concentrating our election systems in the hands of Federal  bureaucrats.   