 Mr. President, I rise today in support of the nominations  of Dr. Lester Martinez-Lopez to be the Assistant Secretary of Defense  for Health Affairs, Dr. Agnes Schaefer to be Assistant Secretary of the  Army for Manpower and Reserve Affairs, and Mr. Franklin Parker to hold  the same position within the Navy.   The office Dr. Martinez-Lopez is nominated for is responsible for  ensuring that we are medically ready to fight and win wars. This is a  critical role for our national security at all times, but, of course,  it is even more important during a pandemic.   Leaving this office without leadership jeopardizes our ability to  respond to this health crisis and prepare for the next one. Having  spent more than two decades as an Army surgeon and commander of medical  centers at major U.S. military bases both stateside and overseas, and  more than a decade as a leader of private medical research  organizations, Dr. Martinez-Lopez clearly has the experience to fill  this position.   The Assistant Secretaries for Manpower and Reserve Affairs across the  branches ensure our military and civilian workforce have the education,  the training, and the skills needed to meet current and future threats.  Mr. Parker, who is nominated to head this office for the Navy, has  demonstrated his ability to fill the role and will be able to hit the  ground running, having held the position before.   Dr. Schaefer, nominated to head this office for the Army, will bring  firsthand knowledge from her 15 years at the RAND Corporation, where  she specialized in military personnel policy, reserve component issues,  national security strategy, and emerging threats.   All three of these positions play important roles in our national  security. All three nominees to fill them were voted out of committee-- a committee on which the Senator from Missouri serves--without  objection--without objection--4 months ago. But all three remain  vacant.  [[Page S3229]]    The Senator from Missouri, as someone who serves on the Personnel  Subcommittee of the Armed Services Committee, I know would know better  than most the issues our military branches and the troops face. These  include recruitment and retention challenges, ensuring safe workplaces,  including implementing IRC reforms to prevent and respond to sexual  assault and sexual harassment within the ranks, and addressing the high  suicide rate among troops and veterans--all issues which impact  military readiness. But there is a hold on all DOD nominees.   I am unaware of any substantive objections to these nominees based on  their qualifications or their ability to serve, reasons which we have a  constitutional duty to review based on our advice and consent role.   My understanding is that the Senator from Missouri is implementing a  blanket hold based on general policy disagreements with the Biden  administration. In addition to our advice and consent role, the Senate  has oversight responsibilities, and that is a place where the Senator  from Missouri, as a member of the Personnel Committee of the Armed  Services Committee, has the responsibility of oversight of the three  offices that we are discussing today. He has a way to ensure that once  these three nominees are confirmed, he and his colleagues can evaluate  their performance. With acting, nonconfirmed officials in these roles,  that oversight authority is undermined.   As a Senator, we are afforded extraordinary powers to advance  policies or even just to make a point, but these powers should be used  in accordance with our constitutional responsibilities. The President  of the United States has the responsibility to nominate qualified  individuals to fill these roles, and he has. These individuals are  qualified, and now we have the responsibility to confirm them so that  they can get to work for our servicemembers and for the American  people.   I will now yield to my friend and colleague Senator Kaine.   