 I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum  call be rescinded.    Mr. President, yesterday, our colleagues in the House  introduced legislation that will provide a temporary extension of  government funding until March 11. The continuing resolution is  expected to be taken up as soon as today, and once it is passed by the  House, I intend to have the Senate take it up quickly and in time  before the February 18 deadline.   While negotiations on the full-year funding agreement continue, we  will in the meantime avoid a pointless and costly government shutdown.  This CR provides a little more time to reach a deal for a spending  package. It is the responsible and prudent path forward that eliminates  the risk of a shutdown.    My colleagues have made good progress, and I am optimistic that  Democrats and Republicans can soon arrive at a top-line deal for an  omnibus. I am more confident than ever before that we can reach  agreement for an omnibus by March 11, which is far more preferable to  the alternative, a CR for the rest of the year.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at 5 p.m.  today, the Senate vote on the confirmation of the Wong nomination.    I ask unanimous consent that the Senate resume  consideration of the Bush nomination.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to  consider Calendar No. 705.    Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory quorum call  for the cloture motion filed today, February 8, be waived.    Pursuant to S. Res. 27, the Committee on Financing being  tied on the question of reporting, I move to discharge the Committee on  Finance from further consideration of the nomination of Sam Bagenstos  to be General Counsel to the Department of Health and Human Services.    I ask unanimous consent that the vote on the motion to  discharge be at a time to be determined by the majority leader in  consultation with the Republican leader, notwithstanding rule XXII.   