 Madam Speaker, I want to thank my friend and colleague on  the Homeland Security Committee for holding this important Special  Order to let law enforcement officers all over the United States know  this simple truth: We support you, and we have your back.   For over 20 years, I served as an organized crime prosecutor on the  Federal level, focusing on narcotics, gang, and corruption  prosecutions, among many others, in central New York, along the  southwest border, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, all over the United  States, and all over the world.   I worked alongside incredible men and women in law enforcement every  day. They are some of the most courageous and selfless people I know,  and they put their lives on the line to protect our communities.   The officers I have worked with were assaulted. They were shot. Some  were killed. Yet, time and time again, the officers showed up every day  to do their jobs and dispatch their duties with honor and dignity,  despite not being paid anywhere near what they should.   Unfortunately, our brothers and sisters in law enforcement are  hurting right now. Violence against law enforcement officers has become  a troubling pattern across the United States, culminating most recently  in violent shooting deaths of officers in New York City and Houston.  Sadly, this violence is part of an upward national trend.   According to the National Fraternal Order of Police, in 2021, there  were 346 officers shot in the line of duty, and 103 were ambush-style  attacks, which increased 115 percent over the prior year. Tragically,  73 officers were killed. According to the data from the FBI, this  accounts for a 50 percent increase.   These grim statistics represent the highest number of law enforcement  who were intentionally killed since the terror attacks of September 11,  2001.   As ranking member of the Homeland Security Committee and chair of the  American Security Task Force, I have heard directly from law  enforcement officers about the challenges police departments face as  crimes continue to rise. I have traveled across the country where the  effects of the defund the police and go against the police movements  are at their worst.   In New York City, for example, the department was cut by close to $1  billion in 2020. In 2021, it broke the State record for annual  homicides. They cut cops. They cut shifts. They passed laws in New York  State that made it very difficult for officers to do their jobs and  made it very easy for violent criminals to get back on the streets.   In Portland, Oregon, a center for the defund the police movement,  homicides are up 530 percent. That was because they cut their police  department by 10 percent and eliminated the violent crime unit. Of  course, that is going to happen. The increase in crime, coupled with  recruitment and retention problems, will only compound the crime  problems this country is currently facing.   Instead of vilifying police, let's figure out how to make police  departments better by investing in them. How can you possibly retrain  police when you defund them? How can you implement new policies and get  officers ready for those new policies when you cut their funding? It  doesn't work.   Today, we are facing troubling new challenges. Our law enforcement  officers are being asked to do more with less, and it is putting their  lives at risk. In addition to their crime-fighting responsibilities,  our officers are on the front lines, facing the threat of terrorism and  an unprecedented opioid epidemic.   Homeland security is being degraded because defunded police and  vilified police departments do not have sufficient resources for  counterterrorism operations.   It takes courage to wear a badge. It takes even more courage to  respond to an emergency, to engage a suspect, to walk down a dark  alley, or to confront a terrorist. For law enforcement, that is part of  their job every single day.   My committee and the task force are proud to stand with law  enforcement as they continue to do this honorable work. I will always  have their backs, and they will always have my thanks and admiration.   