 Madam President, as we near the end of the 117th  Congress, we are also preparing to say farewell to some of the body's  most dedicated public servants.   Among those is Alabama's own Richard Craig Shelby.   I have known Senator Shelby for many years, but I have most enjoyed  getting to know him as a colleague and a friend in Congress.   You know, his help and guidance have been invaluable to me since I  came to the Senate 2 years ago. It was quite the transition from  college football to politics, but I jumped into the ring because I care  deeply about the future of our Nation, and I realized very quickly so  does Richard Shelby.   My transition to public office was supported by some great advisers  who shared my belief in America. Chief among those allies is Senator  Shelby.   Even though he is a lifelong Alabama fan and pulled against me for 10  years, we still became friends.   Congress is like a football team. It has a lot of great players in  different positions, but to come together, form a game plan, and get  some wins for our country, those players need good coaches.   Senator Shelby has been one of the best.   Born in Birmingham, Senator Shelby graduated from the University of  Alabama and the Birmingham School of Law, becoming a city prosecutor in  Tuscaloosa. For all my Auburn folks back home, at least we can all  agree that Senator Shelby is one of the finer things to come out of  Tuscaloosa.   Senator Shelby has represented Alabamians in Congress since 1979 and  has served in the Senate since 1987--always keeping an eye on the  future and the other eye on the people he has been serving.  [[Page S7175]]    To say Senator Shelby committed his career to the betterment of his  State and the Nation would be a huge understatement.   His retirement is well-earned, and his work should be celebrated.   So, today, I want to honor the countless hours--countless hours--he  has spent fighting for Alabama and the many achievements he has  championed for the betterment of all Americans.   Senator Shelby's work has hit almost every corner of Alabama.   No. 1, his focus on national defense, manufacturing, infrastructure,  and education will be the hallmarks of his legacy.   First, Senator Shelby's commitment to our State's defense industry is  second--and I mean second--to none.   His support for America's military and his belief in the abilities of  Alabamians cemented our State's role as a leader in America's national  defense infrastructure. In nearly every position he has held in the  Senate, he has used the tools available to bolster our armed services  and utilize resources Alabama offers.    More recently, as chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee and  Subcommittee on Defense, Senator Shelby delivered billions in crucial  defense funding. His efforts helped significantly expand the  capabilities of Redstone Arsenal in Huntsville, AL. Redstone Arsenal  has grown from a U.S. Army base to a collection of crucial facilities  for our national defense and the Federal Government.   The resources and responsibilities secured by Senator Shelby for the  Redstone Arsenal increased its capabilities, missions, and tenants.  Behind the fence at Redstone Arsenal today, we have the Army Materiel  Command, the Army Aviation and Missile Command, the Missile Defense  Agency, NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center, the Missile and Space  Intelligence Center, and the expanding presence of the Federal Bureau  of Investigation. Under Senator Shelby's leadership, the FBI's presence  in Alabama will be its second largest, only behind Washington, DC.   Along with myself and the entire Alabama delegation, Senator Shelby  has also been instrumental in the work to permanently relocate U.S.  Space Command to Redstone Arsenal--a move we hope to applaud after an  official announcement by the Air Force in the very near future.   Second, thanks to Senator Shelby's commitment to bringing jobs and  industry to Alabama, our State has also grown into one of the country's  leading manufacturing hubs.   After a visit to Germany by Senator Shelby in the 1990s, he played a  key role in bringing Mercedes-Benz and their suppliers to Alabama.  Fast-forward a couple of decades, and today there are more than 40  German suppliers in West Alabama alone. The impact of the automobile  industry's Alabama migration has been huge for the workforce and the  economy thanks to Senator Shelby.   He was also crucial in recruiting suppliers for Airbus and its South  Alabama manufacturing plant in Mobile, which added hundreds of millions  of dollars to our economy and created thousands of very, very quality  jobs.   His work to establish manufacturing centers at universities helped  make Alabama home for many aerospace and defense companies, resulting  in thousands more jobs and countless opportunities for growth.   Third, that growth would not be possible without solid  infrastructure, which Senator Shelby has helped build for decades.   Alabama's vast and unique geography presented certain challenges for  infrastructure but also many opportunities. Senator Shelby's ability to  both foresee challenges and imagine opportunities has made him an  invaluable tool throughout our State's growth.   A lot of that growth has stemmed from our State's coastline and the  Port of Mobile, one of the largest in the country. Now, the U.S. Army  Corps of Engineers is working on a project to deepen the Mobile Ship  Channel, allowing bigger ships to navigate Mobile Bay. With Senator  Shelby's guidance and support, the Port Authority and terminals have  steadily expanded the Mobile terminal, making it one of the fastest  growing in the Nation.   As a key player in Senate appropriations, Senator Shelby has secured  many dollars for Alabama's infrastructure, upgrading highways,  airports, and bridges.   Fourth, all of this growth in defense, manufacturing, infrastructure,  and more would mean nothing without the talented men and women who  serve in our military, lead our companies, and pioneer the new  industries driving economic development. That talent and those ideas  are cultivated through education, and Senator Shelby believes in the  value of quality education--even at Auburn University. He is the  product of an Alabama public school and a State university. His  personal experiences instilled in him a deep respect for the role of  public education and a desire to make it the best it can be.   To make sure our State was on par or leading other prestigious  educational institutions, Senator Shelby fought to support and invest  in Alabama schools. He delivered hundreds of millions of dollars to  Alabama's universities to build math, science, and engineering  complexes. These top-tier facilities have helped to bring students and  experts from around the world to Alabama.   Today, Airbus works closely with the University of Alabama's  engineering program--a relationship that is the perfect example of  connection between premier education, talent, and economic  opportunities. Senator Shelby understands that relationship and its  benefits, as does his wife, Dr. Annette Shelby, a decorated professor  and lifelong education advocate. That understanding has driven his  priorities throughout his career and helped Alabamians along the way.   There are a lot of big personalities, big decisions, and big egos  here in Washington, DC, but it takes commitment, humility,  and patriotism to make a difference in the lives of others. Senator  Shelby is a giant in the Senate because he never forgets about the  things that matter the most, the little things, the things that are  most important to everyday Americans back home. They have supported him  for decades because he has always had their backs.    As we bid farewell to Senator Shelby, I encourage all my colleagues  to honor his legacy by following his example. Put your family, your  country, and your principles first, and the rest will fall into place.   We all know public service is not just a burden of time and effort  for the servant; it is also for their families.   So to Dr. Shelby, thank you for your steadfast service to our State  alongside your husband.   Senator Shelby, thank you for your mentorship over the past 2 years.  I will use these lessons learned by serving with you for the rest of my  time in the Senate and beyond.   I yield the floor.   