 Mr. Speaker, I am proud to rise in support of the Dignity  for MST Survivors Act, legislation I was proud to introduce and  collaborate with Chairman Takano, Chairwoman Luria, and my other  colleagues to address longstanding issues regarding the treatment of  survivors of military sexual trauma.   I also thank the Veterans of Foreign Wars, the Paralyzed Veterans of  America, The American Legion, and the Wounded Warrior Project for their  endorsements of this legislation.   The Dignity for MST Survivors Act seeks to support and affirm  veterans who experienced sexual trauma during their military service as  they navigate the Board of Veterans' Appeals claims appeal process.   According to the data collected by the Department of Veterans  Affairs, an unconscionable 1 in 3 of our brave women veterans and 1 in  50 male veterans report having experienced sexual assault or sexual  harassment.   Such traumatic events often have lasting impacts on these  individuals' physical and mental health, placing MST survivors at  heightened risk for depression, post-traumatic stress disorder, and  other debilitating conditions.   Despite these clear treatment needs, many MST survivors face  significant difficulty in accessing healthcare and disability benefits  from the VA.   In August 2021, an investigation released by the VA's Office of the  Inspector General found that an astounding 57 percent of denied MST  claims were improperly processed by the VA, in part due to claims  processors' lack of MST training.   Multiple veterans service organizations report that the BVA has  proven similarly ill-equipped to deal with appeals of denied MST claims  and that the current claims appeal process has the unfortunate  potential to retraumatize MST survivors.   While the VA has taken steps in the right direction, more must be  done to improve the claims appeal experience, show compassion, and  safeguard the dignity of MST survivors.   I urge my colleagues to support this legislation in order to ensure  MST survivors are not retraumatized at any point in their effort to  obtain the world-class healthcare and disability benefits to which they  are entitled.   