 Mr. Speaker, I am very proud of the work the  Subcommittee on Cyber, Innovative Technologies, and Information Systems  has done on this legislation. It is our subcommittee's job to get  cutting-edge technologies into the hands of our warfighters as quickly  as possible so that they never enter a fair fight.  [[Page H6225]]    I am certain now, more than ever, that we are putting the Department  on the right track when it comes to confronting emerging challenges  with innovative solutions. This bill strengthens the R&D ecosystem and  more closely aligns the Pentagon with the successes happening  throughout private industry.   The bill also prioritizes research and development efforts in other  key technology areas, such as hypersonics, software, artificial  intelligence, electronic warfare, and directed energy, among others,  and it makes robust investments to accelerate quantum applications.   It also makes long-overdue investments in our laboratories and test  and evaluation infrastructure. We know that we simply cannot develop  21st century technologies and attract the Nation's top talent with  crumbling infrastructure.   We provide robust support for our teammates at innovation centers,  like DIU and DARPA, across the Department, who are taking risks in  pursuit of game-changing payoffs.   It provides the U.S. Cyber Command and the Cyber Mission Force the  resources they need to keep us safe in cyberspace and ensures that our  cyber operators have the training and career trajectories they need to  succeed.   This bill also includes a provision that I am very proud of, the  Joint Collaborative Environment, which would enable the sharing and  fusing of threat information and other relevant cybersecurity  indicators across the Federal Government and between the public and  private sectors, strengthening those public-private partnerships that  are so vital to protecting our country in cyberspace.   It is this subcommittee that has always looked ahead to a dynamic  future, seeking to fundamentally change the balance of power between  the United States and our adversaries. Our warfighters are depending on  our success here today.   In closing, I thank Chairman Smith, Ranking Member Rogers, and  Ranking Member Banks for their partnership and their leadership over  the years. Serving on this committee throughout my time in Congress has  been a true honor and a privilege.   I would also like to thank the subcommittee's professional staff, as  well as my personal staff, for their hard work on this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, in this era of great power competition, we are in a race  for top talent, and our continued military superiority depends on  scientific breakthroughs in innovation.   My amendment provides that if the Secretary of Defense determines it  is in the national interest, it would allow a pathway to citizenship  for the best foreign talent to work in the U.S. national security  innovation base and on defense research projects. We want the brightest  minds in the world working for us and not our adversaries. This  amendment helps us in that race.   This Chamber, I should mention, has recognized the need to face this  challenge before and during the consideration of the fiscal year 2022  National Defense Authorization Act. My amendment was passed on the  floor with bipartisan support, and I hope we will do it again today.   The U.S. has less than 5 percent of the world's population, so the  majority of the best scientific minds will undoubtedly be born outside  the U.S. borders. So we enjoy world-class universities and an  innovative private sector that attract talent from around the world in  critical technologies like physics, computer science, and  biotechnology; but our constricted pathways to residency and  citizenship drive this talent into the arms of our economic competitors  at best and our adversaries at worst. So we face intense competition  from other countries who offer large research grants and expedited  citizenship to lure this talent away.   In a world where a small group of driven visionaries can upend the  status quo, losing these gifted individuals puts us in danger of  chasing future technological developments rather than leading them.   My amendment is modeled after a 1949 law granting the director of the  CIA the authority to obtain permanent residency for anyone deemed ``in  the interest of national security or essential to the furtherance of  national intelligence missions.''   So this idea is not new. Today, the Secretary of Defense has no  mechanism to encourage immigration for researchers with technical or  scientific skills vital to national security.   Under this amendment that I offer today, the Secretary of Defense  will implement a competitive annual process to select the top 10  scientists with technological expertise that would advance the  development of critical technologies aligned with the National Defense  Strategy and the National Defense Science and Technology Strategy and  recommend them to the Secretary of Homeland Security for proper, robust  processing and vetting.   It is in our national security interests not only to have these  scientists working on defense research on our behalf and their  innovations within our economy, but also to prevent this talent from  working for our adversaries' defense industrial base and economies.   This amendment has passed this Chamber twice previously as an  amendment to both the fiscal year 2022 NDAA and to the America COMPETES  Act. I encourage my colleagues to support this amendment, once again,  to ensure our continued military and technological superiority.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have  remaining.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   We have before us a concept that already exists in law, that already  has that authority with the Director of the CIA. This bill before us  would allow this authority to be exercised now by the Secretary of  Defense for only 10 individuals, I should say, and it waives no special  vetting or security background checks. There would be thorough  background checks before any pathway to citizenship would be given.   Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of  my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, there would be no passes given. It would be thorough  background checks that would occur.   Experts agree that we must now keep the brightest minds working on  our behalf or we risk ceding the commercial benefits of technological  development, as well as sacrificing our military's technological  advantage.   Our adversaries are focusing on closing the capability gap in  critical technologies, and we must respond. They are not standing  still. We need to continue to keep the technological edge that we enjoy  here in our country.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this amendment, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   