 Madam Speaker, Speaker Pelosi tells us she is on a crusade  for the children. Someone should maybe remind the Speaker the Crusades  did not always end well when they were reflexively driven by emotion  and riddled with poor planning.   No, this is no crusade for the children. If it were, you wouldn't  leave our children as sitting ducks in gun-free zones when they go to  school every day.   The Speaker says we need action. We are for action. How about the  action of my bill to create a national stand-your-ground law to  strengthen self-defense, or Richard Hudson's bill for national  concealed carry, or any number of proposals Republicans have offered to  unlock the safe and secure environment when we have our military  veterans and our former members of law enforcement able to carry a  firearm responsibly in schools to be able to respond to these acts of  violence?   No, their version of action is more gun control and raising the age  to be able to buy certain firearms. Well, on November 25, 2021, a  crazed lunatic with a knife broke into a home in El Paso and began  assaulting a woman inside. The 20-year-old homeowner grabbed his rifle  and killed the assailant. That is action.   In 2017, in Sutherland Springs, Texas, a gunman open fired inside the  First Baptist Church. A Good Samaritan grabbed his AR-15 and engaged  the  [[Page H5371]]  shooter, stopping him from further carnage--a good use for an AR-15.   In 2019, in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, a 19-year-old killed three would- be burglars who broke into his home.   These situations happen every day. There would be more death and more  bloodshed if we were to accept these proposals from the Democrats.   The Second Amendment isn't about hunting or about self-defense; it is  about power. It is about the power that is reserved in the citizenry to  curate a balance so that Americans are not overrun by tyranny. Thank  God we haven't had to use the Second Amendment for the purpose that  some might have envisioned necessary when our Founders were creating  the Constitution.   That power belongs to the people, not to the Democrats trying to take  their rights away.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Well, we have heard the plan from Democrats. This is not a modest,  trimming around the edges of gun laws. It has been a full-throated  assault on the Second Amendment; a desire to deprive people of the  weapons that they choose at the age that they achieve majority.   And we have heard countless examples of where the good guy with the  gun has been the difference between more or less bloodshed.   But this is particularly an aggrieved time to bring this legislation  forward because we heard the Speaker of the House recently say that  members of the Republican Party were members of a cult. So you now have  House Democrats demeaning, defaming, calling extremists, tens of  millions of Americans, while they try to disarm you and then  subsequently defund the police.   And so no good guys are coming when the woke mob ends up at your  door. That is their plan for America.   And gun control, unrestrained gun control is a key part of it. And  just like they said, they will pack the Court; they will blow up the  filibuster; they will abuse every mores of this place for the  opportunity to take down the Second Amendment. That is what is at  issue. That is what we are fighting for.   And Republicans in the United States Senate should not sign up for  this charade. They should stand with our fellow Americans for the  Constitution and with American gun owners.   