 Mr. President, in just a few minutes--in fact, maybe I  should say finally in just a few minutes--the Senate will vote once  again on the Sergeant First Class Heath Robinson Honoring Our Promise  to Address Comprehensive Toxics Act of 2022, known as the PACT Act.   Thousands of veterans who answered their call to serve after the  terrorist attacks of 9/11 suffered the consequences to their health  with exposure to open burn pits. Many of these veterans are  simultaneously experiencing a battle with the VA--a battle with their  health conditions and now a battle with the Department of Veterans  Affairs--to gain access to healthcare and the benefits that they  desperately need and, in reality, earned and deserve.   For more than 2 years, I worked with my colleagues on the Senate  Committee on Veterans' Affairs, its chairman Senator Tester, our  colleagues in the House and Senate, multiple VSOs, veterans across the  country, and veterans in Kansas and their families on how we can  provide toxic-exposed veterans the healthcare benefits that they  deserve.   Chairman Tester and I made a commitment to each other to get to this  point today, and we have had a couple of procedural hurdles. But,  despite that, I am pleased that we have still brought this bill to the  floor in a bipartisan manner. Our veterans have waited long enough, and  it is time to pass the Heath Robinson PACT Act.   Not only will this legislation provide long overdue healthcare and  benefits to the 3.5 million post-9/11 veterans who were exposed to burn  pits, but this legislation will deliver care for all generations of  veterans, including Vietnam veterans and those who served in Southeast  Asia suffering from the exposure to Agent Orange.   No legislation is perfect. Is this bill the way I would draft it if I  were the only person writing the bill? It is not. It is a legislative  process that involves a give and take, and we will still have more work  to do once the legislation is signed into law.   I remain committed to working with the Department of Veterans  Affairs, with our veterans service organizations, with individual  veterans and their families, and with my colleagues  [[Page S3849]]  here in the Senate, both Republican and Democratic, to make certain  that this legislation is effective for veterans and the unintended  consequences from this legislation are addressed.   Once we pass legislation, the work continues because it then has to  be implemented by the Department of Veterans Affairs. I know from  experience that that is a challenge, and this bill in particular--with  the magnitude, the number of veterans affected, the amount of resources  necessary, the demand for care that will arise under this legislation,  and the demand for benefits that arises under this legislation--will  make its implementation a significant challenge. But we are ready and  able to make certain that the intended results--while there has been a  lot of demand that we pass legislation, really what we are after are  intended results, and those intended results are that our veterans  receive the care and benefits that they deserve.   There is no doubt that the cost of caring for our veterans is high,  and the truth is that freedom is not free. There is always a cost to  war, and we need to remind ourselves that that cost is not fully paid  when the war ends.   We are now on the verge of honoring that commitment to America's  veterans and their families. I support this legislation. I support  moving forward with a vote in favor of cloture. As to something that we  thought might have happened earlier, I am pleased that there will be  amendment votes before we get to that final passage. I expect and urge  my colleagues, regardless of the outcome of the amendment votes, to  continue to move this bill forward by taking this opportunity to pass  the bill.   By taking advantage of the circumstance we have now worked our way to  get to, and now that we are at this point, I hope that it passes, the  Sergeant First Class Heath Robinson Honoring Our PACT Act, and that,  with the Presidential signature, it becomes law.   To my colleagues who have worked on this, I express my gratitude to  my colleagues, Republicans and Democrats, on the Committee on Veterans'  Affairs. I appreciate the opportunity that I have to be in leadership  on that committee and to work every day on behalf of those who have  served our Nation.   Let's pass this legislation. Let's deliver the most comprehensive  toxic exposure package to veterans in our country's history.   With that plea and suggestion, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, we are poised once again with the  opportunity to pass a piece of legislation of historic significance,  something that demonstrates the U.S. Senate can come together and take  care of Americans, particularly those who served our Nation.   While it is historic, it is more important to many individuals-- historic for the country, historic for veterans, but important,  lifesaving, supportive of those who have encountered toxic exposure  from Vietnam and Southeast Asia through Agent Orange and through burn  pits in Iraq and Afghanistan.   Mr. President, I thank the Heath Robinson family and all the  advocates who got us to this point today. I ask my colleagues to pass  this legislation, and I ask the President to sign it as quickly as  possible.   