 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I would like to express my strong  opposition to the nomination of Eric Garcetti to be Ambassador to  India. I am compelled to vote against Mayor Garcetti due to the serious  allegations that he enabled sexual harassment and racism to run rampant  in the Los Angeles mayor's office.   During my career, I have prioritized protecting victims of sexual  harassment and sexual abuse. In 2005, I cosponsored the Violence  Against Women Act. That bill provides vital aid to the Justice  Department's Office on Violence Against Women and to law enforcement to  protect victims of sexual harassment and abuse.   Over several Congresses, I have co-led bills introduced by Senator  Gillibrand to defend victims of sexual harassment and sexual  misconduct. I cosponsored resolutions introduced by Senator Feinstein  to raise awareness of sexual assault. These include the Ending Forced  Arbitration of Sexual Assault and Sexual Harassment Act of 2021, the  Military Justice Improvement and Increasing Prevention Act of 2021, the  Speak Out Act, the Campus Accountability and Safety Act, and a  resolution supporting the goals and ideals of National Sexual Assault  Awareness and Prevention Month.   I have also pressed the FBI and the Department of Homeland Security  for more transparency and accountability on their handling of sexual  misconduct in the workplace. Moving into the next Congress, Senator  Durbin and I have agreed to jointly pursue these inquiries.   With respect to Mayor Garcetti, several credible whistleblowers  approached my office about concerning allegations that he was aware of  and enabled his deputy chief of staff Rick Jacobs to sexually harass  several employees within the mayor's office.   These men and women allege that Rick Jacobs engaged in inappropriate  physical conduct without their consent. They alleged that Rick Jacobs  made crude sexual remarks and gestures towards staff and others. They  alleged that he made blatantly racist remarks toward Asians and other  minorities.   These allegations have also been publicly reported in the Los Angeles  Times. Text messages made public by the Los Angeles Times indicate that  these instances were common knowledge among the Garcetti staff. One  picture that has been made public shows Jacobs inappropriately touching  an individual next to him. In the picture Mayor Garcetti is standing on  the other side of Mr. Jacobs. For Mayor Garcetti to claim that he  didn't know what was going on defies reason.   There is also a pending lawsuit by a Los Angeles police officer  against the city of Los Angeles as a result of this type of disgraceful  behavior. The kinds of behavior mentioned in the lawsuit include Jacobs  subjecting the police officer to unwanted hugs, shoulder massages, and  crude sexual language.   In total, my office identified over 19 individuals who have either  witnessed Jacobs' behavior or were the victims of it. So who are these  brave and courageous individuals who made these allegations?   Are they Republican operatives?   No. They are his former communications director, senior staffers,  junior staffers, businessmen, civic leaders, and the Los Angeles Police  Department officer assigned to protect him.   Despite attempts by Mayor Garcetti and the Biden administration to  frame complaints against him as a political hit job, some of the  individuals who have come forward and shed light on misconduct are from  Mayor Garcetti's own staff.   How hypocritical is it for this administration to encourage victims  of sexual harassment to speak out, yet when they do so against a  powerful ally of Joe Biden, they are ignored? And they have been  ignored in this matter even after providing evidence of harassment,  including photographs and text messages.    When convenient, Democrats have supported claims of harassment with  far less.   Just last week, President Biden signed into law a bill sponsored by  Senator Gillibrand that I cosponsored which enabled survivors to speak  out about workplace sexual assault and harassment. Continuing to push  this nominee after signing that bill into law is the very definition of  tone deafness.   Unfortunately, the Biden administration is sending a message to  victims of sexual harassment in the workplace that they will only be  believed when politically convenient. As a result, the Biden  administration and all those who support this nomination have no  credibility when it comes to protecting victims of sexual harassment.   I conducted a thorough investigation of the allegation irrespective  of partisan politics. That is my reputation.  [[Page S7120]]  The evidence is clear that Jacobs engaged in blatant sexual misconduct  and racist behavior and did it for years. The evidence is clear that  Mayor Garcetti either had direct knowledge of it or chose willful  ignorance as a defense.   Nobody is that brazen to engage in this type of outrageous behavior  against other people unless they know that they have a powerful enabler  protecting them. Based on the facts and the evidence, the enabler is  Mayor Eric Garcetti.   To defend himself, Mayor Garcetti has pointed to a report which  inconceivably purports to clear Jacobs of any wrongdoing. The report  was conducted by a law firm hired and paid for by the city of Los  Angeles.   Mayor Garcetti and the City of Los Angeles would be liable if the  report concluded sexual harassment occurred. The report was also  delivered to the city of Los Angeles under attorney-client privilege,  apparently in the hope that no one outside the city would ever see it.   The report failed to interview multiple firsthand witnesses. The  interviews were not taken under penalty of perjury.   The report focused exclusively on allegations of sexual harassment  made by the Los Angeles Police Department and--get this--failed to give  due weight to other witnesses.   For example, the report includes an interview with Jacobs in which he  admits he used racist language, kissing, hugging, and squeezing  people's shoulders. The report also identifies the individual in the  lewd photo I mentioned earlier. The report says that the individual  stated that Jacobs' actions weren't funny and embarrassed that person.   That makes it clear. It makes it clear nonconsensual, physical  contact occurred. It is evidence that sexual harassment occurred.  Oddly, the report makes no attempt--no attempt whatsoever--to reconcile  how it can conclude there was no sexual harassment after clearly  describing sexual harassment throughout.    These aren't acts of transparency; these are acts to sweep this whole  thing under the rug. Although Mayor Garcetti may be indifferent to the  allegations and the actions of his deputy chief of staff, my colleagues  and I have a duty to take such concerning allegations and take them  very seriously. Whether here in the United States or abroad, there is  no place for sexual misconduct or racism.   Mayor Garcetti has had countless opportunities over the years to  stand up for victims by removing his deputy chief of staff, which he  failed to do. These fundamental failures by Mayor Garcetti are  incompatible with the office that he seeks. Therefore, I can't, in good  conscience, vote for him.   I strongly encourage my colleagues to review all of this evidence  found in my investigative report as well as what is reported in the  press. The facts and the evidence compel me to vote no, and I hope my  colleagues will join me in doing the same.   I yield the floor.   