 Madam Speaker, I thank the ranking member for her work on  this important legislation. In fact, you can't miss it. Above our flag  here have the words ``In God We Trust.''   Really?   Our Nation's Founders rightly recognized that every human being has a  natural right to religious liberty. This right is so important that,  like I said, it is enshrined as the First Amendment to our  Constitution.   When language was added to the CSBG program in 1998 to protect the  religious character of faith-based organizations, Congress rightly  recognized the importance of this fundamental right to religious  liberty and the value that religious organizations add to our society.  We need to stand by these principles today.   Unfortunately, Democrats do not believe it is important to respect  the religious freedom of faith-based organizations to hire according to  their religious beliefs or to display religious symbols like a Bible or  the Star of David while serving low-income Americans through the CSBG  program. The Democrats' removal of this important language--language  that has been in the law for over two decades without causing harm to  anyone--shines a spotlight on their intolerance of different viewpoints  and beliefs.   My colleague from Michigan offered an amendment that would have taken  the important and commonsense step to reinstate this longstanding  language making clear that faith-based providers should be able to live  out their faith while participating in the CSBG program. I was very  disappointed that Democrats rejected this amendment during markup and  refused to allow a floor vote on it.   All we are asking is that the deeply held religious beliefs of faith- based organizations continue to be accommodated under the law. This  approach allows many different viewpoints to exist alongside one  another in our diverse country, and it makes sure that faith-based  organizations can continue to do the work they do so well, and that is,  help low-income Americans.   Madam Speaker, faith-based organizations are important partners to  provide vital services, and for this reason I oppose this bill.  [[Page H4938]]        