 Madam Speaker, my colleague from Pennsylvania mentioned  me by name in his speech. And I just want to say, because I think it is  important to clear things up, please do not compare my objections or  the objections of others in the past to what happened on January 6. It  is insulting.   Our objections were symbolic. What happened on January 6 was violent.  It was an attempt to overthrow the government of the United States of  America. It was an attempt to basically overturn the will of the  American people.   Madam Speaker, we are here today because democracy faces a crisis of  legitimacy, not just here at home, but around the world.   According to Freedom House, 2021 was the 16th consecutive year in  which more countries declined in freedom than gained. Democracy's reach  has ebbed and flowed through the decades, but it is clear that right  now we are in a democratic recession.   More countries are turning toward authoritarianism than ever before.  Countries we had thought were free are losing ground. Even the United  States, the global bastion of democracy, has been labeled a backsliding  democracy for the first time our history. This fact alone should set  off alarm bells in all of our heads.   I have seen what happens when democracies fall, and I have seen the  good that can come when the United States upholds democratic values  around the world.   We can't preach democracy abroad when democracy is under attack at  home. Because the deal is, there are people sowing the narrative that  democracies cannot handle the problems of this century. There are  people who advocate for authoritarian regimes that ignore the will of  the people. In the global struggle between democracy and autocracy,  these bad actors are a cold reminder that it isn't inevitable that  democracy prevails. We have to fight like hell to make sure that it  does.   Madam Speaker, all this is to say that the world is watching what we  do here today. We have to make a choice, and if we make the wrong one,  the consequences will be grave. No one is coming to save us. We have to  save ourselves.   The Presidential Elections Reform Act addresses some serious issues  with our Presidential elections. It used to be that our leaders would  respect the will of the voters--win or lose. In a functional democracy,  that is how it works. But now, people who don't like the results of an  election feel empowered to lie and reject those results--sometimes  violently.   The dismantling of our democracy won't happen all at once; it will  continue to erode bit by bit until one day we will look around and see  that it is too late. And the thing is, it starts with the elections.   Our elections are the keystone of our democracy. They are how the  will of the people becomes the action of the government. We have a  responsibility to shore up the institutions of our democracy against  the forces that seek to erode them.   The Presidential Election Reform Act gives us the opportunity to do  just that.   This bill is about strengthening democracy, prohibiting election  officials from refusing to certify elections, clarifying that the Vice  President can't just throw away electoral college votes, ensuring  States only send one accurate election certificate to Congress so we  don't see illegal, fraudulent slates of electors like we did in 2020.   These reforms will strengthen our elections and breathe life into our  democratic institutions. Perhaps equally as important, they will send a  signal to the world that American democracy is more resilient than the  forces that seek to subvert it.   Madam Speaker, I know that sometimes when we talk about things like  democracy or democratic institutions, it sounds abstract and lofty. Let  me be perfectly clear. There is nothing abstract about this.    If we cannot ensure free and fair elections, we cannot ensure a free  and fair society. We have to ask ourselves whether we believe our  country should be governed with force or with consent.    Madam Speaker, our government cannot work and our  democracy cannot survive if we fall on different sides of this  question. The choice we make matters. What we do here today matters.   This should not be partisan; it should not be controversial. We all  have a stake when it comes to the survival of our democracy. If you  believe that freedom and democracy are worth it and you believe in the  promise of what America can be, I implore you to vote in favor of the  Presidential Election Reform Act.   Vote like the future of our democracy depends on this bill, because  it does.   