 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania,  my friend and colleague. Our history goes back a little farther than  before we knew each other, and that is to Lancaster County. I worked  for a business headquartered in Lancaster County that taught me a lot  of things. It taught me how to budget, it taught me how to look out for  the future and plan, and it taught me how to listen. I think that is  the thing that we do best when we are representing the people who sent  us here to do their work.   During President Biden's interview with 60 Minutes, that marked the  first on-air, sit-down interview between the President and an American  journalist in 7 months. It is abundantly clear why his handlers have  been keeping him away from the cameras. He is completely out of touch  with the American people. He can tell us stories about when he was in  Scranton. That was back in the seventies. I was 8 years old when he  came to Washington, D.C. So he can tell us stories from before I was 8  years old.   But he has been here for 50 years. He ought to remember that the last  time we had this kind of inflation, President Reagan was leading our  great Nation out of the disaster of the Carter years. It looks like  President Biden has failed to learn from that history because those who  fail to learn from history are condemned to repeat it. Unfortunately,  the President is forcing all of us to repeat that history of runaway  inflation.   During his interview, President Biden pushed back when pressed about  inflation soaring to record highs arguing that the month-to-month  inflation rate has remained steady at 8.3 percent compared to 1 year  ago. I guess we are supposed to say thank you. But thank you doesn't  put gas in the car, thank you doesn't put food on the table, and thank  you doesn't make sure that families can save for their children's  education.   Keep in mind, Madam Speaker, this is the same President who told the  American people inflation was transitory. So I don't know if he means  it is going to come back worse than it is now or what he is thinking.  But now he is spiking the football and taking credit for persistent  inflation not getting worse. That is interesting. It is not getting  worse. It is almost like somebody who lights one house on fire and then  takes credit for the house next door not catching on fire.   I just can't understand it. The President can try and spin the  narrative on inflation all he wants. But last night Americans watched  the President speak, and they got a glimpse into the future of our  country if Washington Democrats remain in control.   The reality is that inflation is at a record high. American families  are making tough decisions about their budgets, decisions that  President Biden hasn't had to make since 1973 when he started  collecting his check from the taxpayers. But the people for whom he  works are having to make those decisions.   Hardworking Americans deserve real answers on how their government  plans to reduce inflation, not just maintain historically high levels  of it. Washington Democrats can't give the American people straight  answers because it is their policies that have put us in economic  turmoil.   Republicans have a plan, and my colleagues so very well laid it out  here before me: regular order and making sure that every person's  Representative and every State senator has input on the legislation.   The Republican Study Committee produced a budget that would balance  in 7 years. Think about that: a balanced budget. That is what all the  families have to do who are living through these disastrous policies of  President Biden and the Democrats that have caused them to lose 1  month's income.   Think about that, Madam Speaker, 8.3 percent inflation. It is not a  hard equation. I can write it on a chalkboard for the President. One  divided by 12 is 8.3. So you have 1 year, there are 12 months in the  year, that is 8.3. It is not a hard equation, although they don't have  a problem spending money.   President Reagan used to say that you can't accuse them of spending  like a drunken sailor because at least the sailor is spending his own  money.    What they are spending is not their money. They are spending our  children's money. They are robbing the future from our children. Talk  about taxation without representation, regular order needs to be  restored.   When we talk about the plan we have for balancing the budget, we are  talking about elimination of waste and to stop leaving a financial  disaster for the next generation. Those are the issues that really  matter to the American people whom we all come here to represent, the  hardworking men and women who have worked their entire  [[Page H7960]]  life and those who get up and go to work every day to earn a living to  support their family.   I am committed to fighting for what they believe is important, not  what the Democrats and the President inside the Beltway think is  important. His policies are creating an issue with people being able to  take care of their family and realizing the American Dream.   Madam Speaker, when you look at the energy policy, when you look at  the massive spending, and when you look at the President standing in  Independence Hall telling us that half the American people aren't good,  that is not how you lead a nation. That is not how you be responsive.   Quite frankly, how we be responsible is we listen, and we include the  people in the solutions and in the discussions, and we work to make  sure that America is strong and safe and that our children have a  bright future. That is our job, and I am committed to making sure that  I help all my colleagues here in Congress achieve that goal.    Excuse me. If I may jump back in.   I don't think he could do this by accident. Even to get things this  bad, I don't know that you can do it by accident, quite frankly. It is  an assault on American energy, and it is an assault on American jobs. I  just wonder what is going to happen when somebody has an electric  vehicle, they get home from a long day's work, they are told they can't  charge their vehicle, and their child needs to be rushed to the doctor  or the hospital.   When my son was 3 years old, he had an accident. We got him to the  hospital, and they life flighted him to the trauma center. If we had  run out of gas, he would have died.   So do you know what, Madam Speaker, I think maybe they need to think  about Americans and Americans' priorities which is their family and  what it means to have the American Dream. I have benefited from living  the American Dream. A kid as poor as I was would have been labeled  disadvantaged or at risk, but we didn't let our government label us or  anyone else. We worked hard, and we realized the American Dream. I just  want that to be alive and well for future generations.   So I will stop pontificating. I really appreciate the opportunity to  be here this evening.   