 Madam President, my colleagues across the aisle spent  the first part of this year laser-focused on voting rights and the  filibuster. Democrats at all levels, including President Biden, spoke  of nothing else, claiming that this was the most important issue facing  Americans and that the future of our country was at stake. But this was  not a righteous crusade; it was a march into complete delusion--a  message completely out of touch with the struggles of real Americans.   While Democrats lectured, Americans confronted reality. Across the  country, inflation is squeezing paychecks, and COVID cases are  skyrocketing. These are the issues that families are focusing on.  Omicron's surge has sent students home from classrooms and back in  front of computer screens. This is where parents' minds have been these  last few weeks--not on Senate rules, not on the filibuster, but on  their children's educations because when parents think  [[Page S478]]  about the future of our country, they think about their children and  the opportunities that they will have and that all starts with  education.   During my four decades of coaching, I saw firsthand how education  provides an unparalleled opportunity to uplift students from all  different backgrounds, races, and religions. Education is the key to  opportunity and freedom. It empowers students to create futures for  themselves, to make better lives for themselves. It is a way to achieve  the American dream. In short, education is our country's future.  Ensuring the next generation receives a quality education is the most  important investment--the most important investment--we can make in the  future success of our country.   But before I talk about where we should go when it comes to  education, it is important to note where we are today in education.   Right now, the United States of America is slipping. It is slipping  in the classroom. When it comes to our global standing, we are 37th in  the world--37th in the world--in math, and we are 13th in the world in  reading. Just over half of the young people in our country today can  read over the sixth grade reading level. That is simply not good enough  for the most powerful country on the face of the Earth. Our students  are falling behind.   At no time was this more important than in the last 2 years. COVID  turned our living rooms into classrooms, bringing lesson plans to  kitchen tables in homes all across the country. This gave parents a  front row seat to what their children were and were not learning, and  many parents did not like what they saw. Students weren't being taught  how to think; they were being taught what to think. This shift from  what is right to what is ``woke'' has startled parents, but it was also  startling for parents to see what isolation did to their developing  children.   As kids saw less of their friends, they retreated into darkness.  Rates of depression and anxiety rose dramatically. Since the start of  the pandemic, hospitals have seen more mental emergencies among kids  than in the history of our country. In young girls, the suicide rate  has jumped over 50 percent compared to the prepandemic levels--50  percent.   While we are nearly 2 years into the pandemic, the digital divide  still creates profound roadblocks in learning for many children who  lack access to rural broadband and even a laptop. Learning by low- income and minority students was disrupted the most by school closures.   The pandemic compounded existing problems in our education system,  and every child has felt the effects of this pandemic from not having  been in the classroom, but it has also highlighted a key piece of the  educational puzzle: parents. Parents are the key to education for our  kids. Parents realized the power of their collective voices during the  pandemic, and they are using it to advocate for improvements in the  education of their kids in the classroom. Time and time again, we have  seen parents stand against restrictive mandates and unnecessary school  shutdowns.    Now, as we look toward the future of education, we need to remember  what the pandemic taught us--that one size does not fit all. It rarely  works, and it certainly does not work in education. That is why, moving  forward, when we talk about education, we will have an opportunity to  revisit the conversation about the importance of choice. Parents know  their child best. They understand the unique needs of their children  and can serve as the best advocates for those needs, especially now  that the needs may be different than they were 2 years ago, before  COVID.   A child's education shouldn't be defined by their ZIP Code or  financial limitations. A child and their parents should have a choice  about education. School choice increases options through vouchers or  tax credit scholarships, allowing parents to select the best learning  environment for their child. School choice breaks down barriers and  allows the funds to follow the student.   School choice embraces the truth that different children learn in  different ways and in different environments, whether it be in a  charter school, a public school, a private school, or a home school.  There are school choice successes, and there are stories everywhere we  look.   Just take this story about a young man from Alabama. His name is  Nicholas West. Without Alabama's tax credit scholarship, Nicholas and  his brothers would have had no option but to have attended a high  school that they were zoned for, which was a school that was unable to  deliver the individualized instruction that they needed. Thanks to the  school choice programs, Nicholas and his brothers were able to thrive  in different learning environments based on their unique needs and  interests. By being in an environment that set him up for success,  Nicholas was able to earn college credits during high school, and he  went on to start his own business upon graduating from high school.   I believe that this country owes you one thing: It owes you an  opportunity. Yet what you do with that opportunity is up to the  individual. For Nicholas, he used this opportunity--presented to him  through the school choice--to tap his full potential. It makes sense  that we should increase access to the opportunities for young men and  women just like Nicholas. We must deliver the same opportunities to  other students who have skills and drive but who need a path forward.   Alabama is making strides in opportunity and creation. Charter  schools continue to grow in popularity in our State. Last year,  enrollment increased over 65 percent--the second highest enrollment  percentage in the Nation. If I sound like I am proud of the steps  Alabama has taken to ensure we give our students opportunity, I am. I  believe other States can learn from the emphasis Alabama has put on  ``choice.''   As we learn more about how the pandemic has impacted students,  educational choice will become that much more important. In fact,  choice may make all the difference. When we look forward and discuss  the future of our country, we have to get back to talking about  education. The future of our country depends on the educational  opportunities we make available to the next generation.   That is why I am proud that the resolution I helped to introduce, to  recognize National School Choice Week, passed the Senate last night. I  am glad my colleagues recognize how important it is to encourage  parents and students to explore all available educational  opportunities.   Conversations about the importance of school choice should continue  to drive our priorities throughout this year. If we join together to  make that commitment, our future for this country and our kids in this  country will be much brighter.   I yield the floor.   