 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4358,  bipartisan legislation I introduced last July with my fellow Floridian  Rep. Darren Soto, regarding the Little Manatee River. I urge my  colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join with us in voting in  support of this bill.   The Little Manatee Wild and Scenic River Act authorizes the National  Park Service (NPS) to study whether it's appropriate to add an  approximately 51-mile-long segment of the Little Manatee River, from  its source in southeastern Hillsborough County to the point at which  the river enters Tampa Bay, to its Wild and Scenic River System.   For my part, I strongly support both passage of this bill today and  of subsequently adding the Little Manatee River to the NPS' Wild and  Scenic River program in the future. Passage of the bill before us today  begins that journey and I have been very pleased to work with my  colleagues on the Natural Resources Committee toward realizing that  goal.   Adding this river to the Wild and Scenic River program in the future  will help ensure the Little Manatee will remain available for a full  range of recreational activities for Floridians, like canoeing,  kayaking, boating and fishing.   In Florida, protecting our precious natural resources has always been  a top priority. Florida's Suncoast is blessed with an abundance of  natural treasures like Sarasota Bay, Emerson Point Preserve and Myakka  River State Park.   I want all of my colleagues to know that adding the Little Manatee  River to the Wild and Scenic River program enjoys strong local support  as well. Both the Hillsborough County Commission and the Manatee County  Commission have approved resolutions supporting this designation.   Of particular note, Hillsborough County Commission Chairman Stacy  White has been a leader in the effort to add the Little Manatee River  to the Wild and Scenic River program. He has been a champion of this  effort from day one and an invaluable partner for me in my efforts at  the federal level.   Protecting and enhancing water quality for all of Southwest Florida  has always been one of my highest priorities in Congress.   Approving this bill today will move us forward in our efforts to help  ensure a vibrant, clean and healthy environment in my home state of  Florida. It's both an important element in our quality of life and a  vital part of our economic well-being because millions of people visit  Florida every year.   Madam Speaker, I want to thank the bipartisan leadership of the  Natural Resources Committee for working with me to bring H.R. 4358 to  the floor today.   Again, I urge all of my colleagues in the House to join with me in  voting for this bill.   