 Madam President, I rise to support this Congressional Review  Act resolution of disapproval of the rule recently published by the  Department of Homeland Security and the Executive Office for  Immigration Review entitled ``Procedures for Credible Fear Screening  and Consideration of Asylum, Withholding of Removal, and CAT Protection  Claims by Asylum Officers.''   Madam President, we are currently experiencing an unprecedented  crisis on our southern border. As of April of this year, 4 months into  2022, over 1 million illegal crossings have been encountered at our  southern border. And with the administration fighting the migrant  protection protocols and willing to remove the title 42 restrictions on  entry, this crisis is about to get much, much worse.   We have heard estimates of unauthorized border encounters this summer  ranging close to 20,000 daily. We don't know how to handle these  numbers, and nothing has been done by the administration to deter these  immigrants. Despite knowing of the coming influx and despite  understanding the statutory mandates which would require immigrants to  be detained, this administration is closing detention centers. It  appears we now have fewer than 20,000 detention beds available.   This seems to suggest that DHS has no intention of detaining these  immigrants, even though it is plainly required by statute. In the midst  of this unprecedented crisis at our southern border, the Department of  Homeland Security, under Secretary Mayorkas, has, by regulation,  bypassed duly enacted laws to make the asylum process a mere  rubberstamp for basically anyone who can make it to our border. Because  of the internet and the sophistication of coyotes and cartels, every  alien encountered knows to express fear of returning to their home  country, thus triggering the asylum process.   This rule would change that adversarial process--whereby one actually  has to produce some shred of evidence that they qualify for asylum to a  nonadversarial process--whereby the alien merely has to assert their  claim. Additionally, this rule would take the asylum decisions out of  the hands of immigration judges and put them into the hands of  frontline screeners who often have no legal skills at all.   This rule violates current immigration laws--laws passed by this  body, laws enacted by Congress. It violates the separation of powers by  usurping congressional authority to enact the laws of the Nation.  Currently, under the law, until an immigration judge has ruled on an  asylum claim, the claimant is required to be detained. Under the  proposed rule, there would be no need for detention because no time  would be required to rubberstamp that asylum application. It just  happens.  [[Page S2718]]    It is very interesting that this rule is about to go into effect  right before this already unprecedented crisis exponentially increases.  I don't think this is by accident. It is by design. This rule  demonstrates that they simply want to manage the unprecedented influx  of illegal immigrants into every American city, making every town a  border town.   America has always been a welcoming land, a land with outstretched  arms. And it always should be. I am very proud of Utahns for how well  they exemplify that welcoming spirit to immigrants, including the  refugees and the asylum seekers who come into our State. I am also  concerned that if we degrade the process by administrative rule, we  erode our ability to give refuge and asylum in the cases where it is  truly needed, in the cases where, as a representative body, we have  decided it should be given.   Now, in studying this rule, I was struck by the fact that it assumes  asylum is a right--a legal right--for anyone and everyone managing  somehow to get to our border. It is not a right. Asylum is a gift, a  gift that the United States can choose to bestow on those who really  need it: the persecuted, when authorized by law and consistent with the  terms of the law. This rule doesn't ever mention the interests of the  American citizen in this process, not once--the interest that would  usually be representative in the adjudicative adversarial process that  occurs before a judge. The American people are left out of this  process. In fact, that process is eliminated by this rule. Indeed, this  rule is completely unconcerned with the interests of the American  people. It prioritizes the claimed interests of illegal immigrants over  the interests of our own people and American national security. It must  be struck down, and I encourage my colleagues to support it.   