 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, this afternoon, I want to recognize a  longtime Manhattan, KS--known as the Little Apple--a Manhattan, KS,  public servant, C. Clyde Jones, on his 100th birthday.   Before building his life in Manhattan, he grew up in West Virginia  and then swore an oath to our Nation in 1943 to serve our country in  the U.S. Navy during World World II.   Following his service, he returned to focus on his education, earning  a bachelor's, master's, and doctorate concentrated on social science  and history. After serving several universities in the South and  Midwest, he received a phone call to come interview at Kansas State  University. And while his initial reaction to living in the Sunflower  State was less than thrilled, Kansans easily won him over when he  visited. The beauty of the Flint Hills, where K-State is located, also  didn't hurt. That was 60 years ago, and in that time, Clyde has left a  tremendous impact both on Kansas State and the larger Manhattan  community.   He was hired to head the business department within the College of  Arts and Sciences; but with his leadership, it resulted in the  transformation of the department into an accredited college. In 1962,  he opened the Kansas State University College of Business as its first  dean.   His involvement in campus life was all-encompassing, also serving as  chair of the athletic council as it spearheaded the construction of the  current football stadium, now known as Bill Snyder Family Stadium. It  continues to welcome thousands of Wildcats to each Saturday's home game  throughout the fall season.   His reach extended beyond campus as he invested in the larger  community, serving on various community boards, including the United  Way. He also worked as president of the Manhattan Area Chamber of  Commerce. In 2001, the annual Chamber Volunteer of the Year award was  renamed in his honor.   Clyde has also become a staunch advocate for Shepherd's Crossing, a  local ministry focused on providing caring assistance to those in need  of financial support. Over the 20 years since its founding, Clyde has  held every position within the Shepherd's Crossing organization. Even  today, he holds the title of chief development officer; and in this  role, he has increased donations to support the work they are doing by  hundreds of thousands of dollars.   Clyde's love and dedication to Manhattan has been demonstrated in  everything he has done for over 60 years. Our community has been made  better and stronger because of his countless hours of service.   Clyde, thank you for being an example of a solid, true, and faithful  public servant. You are what I have in mind when I say we need more  civics and less politics in our community, State, and Nation. I wish  you the happiest of birthdays and hope that you can ring in 100 years  surrounded by the ones you love. Know that there are many of us who  love you.   Happy birthday, Clyde.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, as we know, the Senate is currently  considering the Sergeant First Class Heath Robinson Honoring our PACT  Act. This bipartisan legislation is the most comprehensive toxic  exposure bill ever considered for veterans.   Passing toxic exposure legislation has been a priority for Senator  Tester, the chairman of the committee, and for me, the ranking member,  and we wanted to do it this Congress, and we are close to accomplishing  that.   Last Congress, we were able to deliver landmark mental health  legislation for veterans, and this Congress, we were committed to  passing long-lasting solutions that will reform the VA's process by  which veterans who were exposed to burn pits and Agent Orange receive  their benefits and healthcare.   About a month ago, Senator Tester and I announced a bipartisan  agreement and introduced the historic Heath Robinson PACT Act. Part of  the agreement between the chairman and me was that two amendments would  be considered for this legislation.   I offered an amendment to strike the creation of a fund which would  classify over $116 billion in discretionary costs associated with the  bill as entitlement spending. I believe that this untested and unique  way of classifying spending lessens congressional oversight at a time  of massive debt and deficits, and it sets a bad precedent.   Senator Lee has an amendment requiring the Secretary to use science  when evaluating presumptions established in the bill. That amendment  has been filed.   Senator Ernst has an amendment requiring the Secretary to certify  that with the resources and authorities provided through this bill,  there won't be a negative consequence for veterans in the system.   There are at least three amendments proposing to offset the cost of  the bill or at least a portion thereof with spending reductions  elsewhere.   I am hopeful that in the days ahead, before final passage of this  bill, we will let our colleagues be heard through an amendment process,  pass or fail.   I have also hoped that the two amendments that I expected to be able  to offer would be made in order. That hasn't been the case to date, and  therefore I ask unanimous consent that it be made in order for the  following amendments to be made pending to the substitute amendment No.  5051 by their sponsors or their designees: One, the Ernst amendment,  Secretary of VA certification, No. 5072; two, the Lee amendment to  modify the authority to create presumptions, No. 5048; the Johnson  amendment to pay for COVID money, amendment No. 5055; the Paul  amendment, to pay for this legislation from USAID, No. 5060; the  Blackburn community care amendment, No. 5075; my amendment, the  community care amendment, No. 5064; my amendment to strike section 805,  No. 5063; the Marshall amendment on collective bargaining, No. 5071;  the Murkowski amendment on appraisals for housing loans, No. 5069; and  the Inhofe amendment concerning Camp Lejeune, No. 5094. I further ask  that at a time to be determined by the majority leader, in consultation  with the Republican leader, the Senate vote in relation to these  amendments in the order listed; further, that upon disposition of the  amendments listed, all postcloture time on the substitute amendment No.  5051 be expired and the remaining pending amendments be withdrawn, with  the exception of the substitute amendment No. 5051, as amended, if  amended, and that the Senate vote on adoption of the substitute  amendment, as amended, if amended; and finally, that upon disposition  of amendment No. 5051, as amended, if amended, the cloture motion with  respect to the underlying bill, H.R. 3967, be withdrawn, the bill, as  amended, if amended, be read a third time, and the Senate vote on  passage of the bill, as amended, if amended, with 60 affirmative votes  required for passage.    Mr. President, I would conclude by encouraging the  chairman of the Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs to use his  substantial level of influence with the leaders that he described as  necessary to approve the consideration of these amendments.   He speaks of the word ``trust,'' and I have great trust in his  ability to accomplish the desired outcome that I have.    Mr. President, may I make an inquiry of the Senator from  Montana through the Chair?    Mr. President, if I answered the question, Mr. Chairman,  would that be considered derogatory?   Perhaps it is a parliamentary inquiry.    Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.   