 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 1124, I call up  the bill (H.R. 350) to authorize dedicated domestic terrorism offices  within the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Justice,  and the Federal Bureau of Investigation to analyze and monitor domestic  terrorist activity and require the Federal Government to take steps to  prevent domestic terrorism and ask for its immediate consideration in  the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may  have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and  insert extraneous material on H.R. 350.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, in 2018, a gunman shot and killed 11 worshippers  attending Shabbat services at the Tree of Life synagogue in Pittsburgh.  In 2019, another gunman shot and killed 22 shoppers at an El Paso  Walmart. Over the weekend, yet another assailant allegedly shot and  killed 10 people at a supermarket in Buffalo, New York.   These are tragedies. I could cite many others. I could spend my time  here today talking about the scourge of gun violence, or the dramatic  rise in the number of hate crimes, or the obvious consequences of the  hate-filled rhetoric that fills our airways and has, sadly, been  adopted by some of our colleagues.   Instead, I will use my time to point out what these three cases have  in common: The gunman in each case was a White man, each angry about  so-called replacement theory, each traveling some distance to target a  minority community, each hoping to terrorize that community through  mass murder.   This is not right. This is not normal. This is not consistent with  who we are as a country. We must act. H.R. 350, the Domestic Terrorism  Prevention Act, which sits before us today, is the least we can do to  signal our opposition to white nationalism and this rising menace of  organized intolerance.   H.R. 350 creates three offices--one each within the Department of  Homeland Security, the Department of Justice, and the FBI--to monitor  and investigate cases of domestic terrorism.   These newly created offices would issue joint biannual reports to  Congress assessing the state of domestic terrorism threats, with a  specific focus on white supremacists, and would be required to focus  their resources based on the data collected and the most significant  threats.   Recent white supremacist attacks have reminded minority communities  across the country of a dark history we have not yet escaped. These  include the murder of six people of Asian descent at spas in Atlanta  last summer, five Jewish Americans being held hostage in their Texas  synagogue, numerous bomb threats phoned into historically Black  colleges and universities last February, and, of course, the violence  in Buffalo just days ago.   Because every part of the country deserves a responsive, well-trained  response to this kind of violence, H.R. 350 also requires DOJ and DHS  to provide training and resources to assist State and local law  enforcement agencies in understanding, detecting, and deterring acts of  domestic terrorism and violent white supremacy.   And because there should be no confusion that we are targeting  criminal activity, as opposed to the legitimate religious or political  activity of most citizens, the bill also includes an explicit  protection for First Amendment rights and other constitutionally  protected activity.   This legislation is a bipartisan solution to a serious and documented  problem facing our country. I thank Representative Brad Schneider for  all of his work in introducing it. The House stood together last  Congress to pass this legislation in a bipartisan fashion. I urge my  colleagues to do so once again, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, the Anti-Defamation League reported after a  study last year that 80 percent of racist violence was from white  supremacists--80 percent. Mr. Jordan should take heed of that.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr.  Schneider), the sponsor of this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I don't understand how you can look at the  devastation in Buffalo and the manifesto left behind by the terrorist  and not take this issue seriously.   I now yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from South  Carolina (Mr. Clyburn), the whip.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman from South Carolina.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Rhode Island (Mr. Cicilline), a member of the Committee on the  Judiciary.    Mr. Speaker, my colleagues across the aisle seem to want  to talk about everything but the subject matter of this bill, domestic  terrorism.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from  North Carolina (Ms. Manning), to talk about domestic terrorism.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Hoyer), the distinguished majority leader of the House.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Texas (Ms. Escobar), a member of the Judiciary Committee.    Madam Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, the problem is not that the Republican Party is  racist, except the Republican Party won't call out the racists in its  midst. They won't call the insurrection on January 6 of last year what  it is: an insurrection. They call it legitimate public discourse.   It is not legitimate public discourse when police officers are  attacked, when the Members of this House are attacked, when the Members  of the Senate are attacked. That is domestic terrorism.   Madam Speaker, too many Americans have felt the pain and horror of  domestic terrorism striking in their communities. Many of these attacks  are fueled by white supremacy and hatred targeted at racial and ethnic  minorities. We cannot bury our heads in the sand and pretend that this  problem does not exist. We must confront this challenge head on.   That is why I strongly support the Domestic Terrorism Prevention Act,  which would identify the greatest domestic terror threats and would  concentrate law enforcement resources to addressing those threats.   I appreciated the Republicans supporting this last year. Why they  won't support this--because they decided that terrorism doesn't have to  be addressed--I don't know. That is terrible.   Madam Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support this important  legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.   