 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding and for  her leadership on this issue.   I rise in support of the Recovering America's Wildlife Act,  bipartisan legislation I am proud to cosponsor, that aims to make the  most significant investment in wildlife and habitat conservation in a  generation.   Across Washington State, across our whole country, we are facing  widespread species decline that doesn't just threaten the health of our  ecosystems. It threatens the recreation and tourism and fishing  industries that our communities rely on.   That is why Democrats and Republicans support taking bold action to  implement conservation efforts to conserve and restore habitat, to  reintroduce native species, and to mitigate wildlife risk.   This bill is critical to helping our State and our Tribal wildlife  managers put conservation measures in place to protect species before  they become threatened or endangered.   On top of that, this bill will help us combat threats to ecosystems,  including the European green crab, an invasive species that is  destroying essential marine habitat for Dungeness crab and Pacific  salmon and threatening our shellfish industry that so many of the  families that I represent depend on.   Get this: Last year, more than 102,000 European green crabs were  caught in Puget Sound and along Washington's coast. That was an  astronomical 5,500 percent increase from 2019.   In response to that explosion in the green crab population, a series  of disaster declarations were made by the Lummi Nation and the Makah  Tribe concerning the green crabs' impact on Tribal culture and on their  economies, and another a disaster was declared by the State of  Washington to mobilize more resources.   While our Tribes and States and local partners and small businesses  are working diligently to protect our region against the explosion of  these invasive species, they need more resources to improve detection,  increase control efforts, and pursue eradication of this invasive  species.   This burden shouldn't fall entirely on the backs of our Tribes or on  local taxpayers' backs. The Federal Government can and should step up  and be a better partner in this effort, and this bill will do that.  That is why I encourage my colleagues to support this bipartisan  legislation.   