 Mr. President, next week, the Senate will vote on the  confirmation of Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson to serve as a member of the  Supreme Court of the United States.   Since Judge Jackson's nomination was announced, I made it clear that  I would go into this process with an open mind, just as I have tried to  do with each Supreme Court nominee who has come before the Judiciary  Committee during my time in the Senate. This is now my eighth Supreme  Court Justice to participate in the confirmation of.   Now, I have seen the good, the bad, and the ugly when it comes to  judicial confirmation hearings, and I know that some people expressed  concerns about the tough questions that Judge Jackson fielded. I  thought she did a credible job answering those questions. She is  obviously incredibly smart, but I found her personally very charming as  well.   Judge Jackson has received two degrees from Harvard, completed a  Supreme Court clerkship, and served on the Federal bench for nearly a  decade. I hear no one questioning Judge Jackson's legal credentials,  but a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court requires a lot more  than just the right resume. Our constitutional Republic requires judges  who rule based on the law, not based on their personal policy  preferences or beliefs and certainly not based on a result and working  your way back to a justification for that particular result. Judges are  required to go wherever the law may lead them.   Justice Scalia, during his lifetime, said: If you haven't made a  decision as a judge that you personally disagree with because the law  compels it, you are really probably not doing your job as a judge. And  I think there is a lot of truth to that. As I say, the job is not to  start with the desired result and work backwards and cherry-pick the  legal reasoning to justify the decision.   The question we tried to answer--those of us who serve on the  Judiciary Committee--last week is, Where would Judge Jackson fit in  this mold if confirmed to the Supreme Court? Would she be an impartial  umpire who follows the letter of the law or would she attempt to  legislate from the bench? The reason that is important is because,  under our Constitution, Members of the Senate are supposed to  legislate. But that is also the reason why we run for election, and we  are held accountable each election for the votes we take and the policy  positions we embrace. That is how public policy in America is supposed  to be made, not by judges who serve for a lifetime and whom the voters  cannot unelect, like they can Members of the Senate. That is why their  job is very different.   Before Judge Jackson was named as the nominee for this seat,  President Biden outlined what he was looking for in a candidate. Among  the many qualities and beliefs that he specified, the President said,  tellingly, he wanted someone with a judicial philosophy that ``suggests  that there are unenumerated rights in the Constitution, and all the  amendments mean something, including the Ninth Amendment.'' Those are  code words, and let me explain.   This wasn't a one-off comment by President Biden. He even said on the  campaign trail that he would not nominate somebody for the Supreme  Court who did not have a view that unenumerated rights exist in the  Constitution. Now, translated into English, that is tantamount to  saying that judges shouldn't be bound by a written Constitution.   You might wonder, if they are not bound by the text and the words of  the Constitution, where does their authority come from?   The President stated and restated a litmus test for his desired  Supreme Court candidate, and he has clearly determined that Judge  Jackson fits the bill. So I spent my time during the Judiciary  Committee hearing asking her about unenumerated or what you might call  invisible rights during her confirmation hearing--invisible because  they are not in the text.   I told Judge Jackson it is deeply concerning to me and to the people  I represent that five unelected and unaccountable Justices could upend  the will of the people by invalidating laws or inventing a new right  out of whole cloth. We talked a lot about substantive due process. I  suggested that she and I nerd out together, since that is not a topic  that people typically talk about around the kitchen table, but maybe  they do in a sense I will talk about in a moment.   Substantive due process is this theory that somehow, when you combine  the 5th Amendment due process clause with the 14th Amendment due  process clause, that out of that formula, unwritten and invisible  rights can suddenly appear. This is really just judge-made law.   We have seen many examples of this. For example, in Plessy v.  Ferguson, the Supreme Court established the shameful doctrine of  separate but equal when it came to the treatment of African Americans  in our country. Thankfully, that was later overruled by Brown v. Board  of Education. But it is an example of the sort of horrific outcomes  that can occur when judges--five judges, unelected, lifetime tenured-- decide to become policymakers in their own right.   Perhaps most famous in legal circles--certainly in law school--you  learn about Lochner v. New York. That was another example of  substantive due process where the Supreme Court invalidated some labor  regulations with regard to how long bakers could work. In that, the  Supreme Court discovered a freedom to contract right--again, nowhere  written in the Constitution but another example of a result-oriented  outcome based on unwritten constitutional rights.    Now, one of the most famous examples is Roe v. Wade in which the  Supreme Court found a constitutional right to an abortion. I asked  Judge Jackson if the word ``abortion'' or the word ``marriage'' was  found anywhere in the Constitution, and she agreed with me that, no,  they are not mentioned in the Constitution.   Now, here is my point. It is not the outcome necessarily, because  substantive due process can be used for good or for ill. In other  words, the good is when I agree with the outcome, and the ill is when I  disagree. But the main problem is that unelected judges are making  policy, binding the entire country under the guise of substantive due  process, which is nothing but judicial lawmaking. So this doctrine of  substantive due process can be used for things you agree with and  things you disagree with.   The point is that this has, I think, helped us hone in on the  limitless abilities of five Justices to discover new rights that aren't  even mentioned in the Constitution and then to eliminate any sort of  debate or democratic process where people actually get to vote on  public policies because essentially the Supreme Court has taken the  issue out of the public square. They said: We have already decided it,  and we don't really care what you think.   Even Justice Hugo Black, a noted liberal in the classical sense, said  the due process clause itself in the 5th and 14th Amendments was  designed to make certain that men would be governed by law, not the  arbitrary fiat of the man or men in power. And you would have to update  to say ``man or woman,'' obviously.   We all know judges on the Supreme Court and on the Federal bench are  unelected and therefore unaccountable to the people. Federal judges  discovering rights that do not exist in the written Constitution  essentially provides a rudderless and, I would argue, eventually  lawless authority to the Supreme Court.   The very nature of our three branches of government is to divide  responsibilities among those branches.  [[Page S1895]]  As I mentioned, the political branches are the executive branch, the  President; legislative branch, obviously that is Congress, the House  and the Senate. Our job is far different, and it is important to have  judges understand their limited but vital role under the Constitution.  Their job is to interpret the laws as written, not to make them up as  you go along or to use a smokescreen, like substantive due process, to  identify new rights that do not appear anywhere in the Constitution.   If the American people want to amend the Constitution, which they  have done 27 times during our Nation's history, there is a way to do  that. Sure, it is a tough battle. You have to win a supermajority of  both Houses, and you have to get it ratified by the States. But you can  do it, and it has been done 27 times.   But there are people who want to take a shortcut, and they want  judges to abuse their authority by identifying these unwritten rights.   Well, what is at stake when that happens? When judges invent new  rights, decide issues that are not in their lane, as Judge Jackson  liked to say--she would say ``making policy is not in my lane''--or  when a judge acts as a policymaker, like Congress is supposed to do,  like the executive branch is supposed to do, when judges act that way,  they necessarily undermine the American people's right to choose.   The Declaration of Independence notes that the authority of  government is derived from the consent of the governed. But how do  judges, when they identify unmentioned rights out of whole cloth, how  do we, as the American people, get to consent or withhold that consent?  Thus, it is easy to see how judge-made law and these smokescreens, like  substantive due process, are really methods by which some members of  the judiciary undermine the basic and fundamental premise and  legitimacy of our laws because the consent of the governed to those  judges is irrelevant.   Now, one unfortunate consequence of judge-made law that is not in the  Constitution as written, is that anybody who disagrees with you--and  this act of judicial activism--can easily be accused of discrimination  or even labeled a bigot, even if their belief is derived from religious  conviction, which is expressly protected by the Constitution. This is  what happens when invisible rights conflict with rights that are  actually written into the Constitution, like the First Amendment, like  the right to religious liberty.   President Biden assured the American people that he would nominate  somebody who believed in unenumerated rights, so I asked Judge Jackson  a logical question: What unenumerated rights are there?   The American people deserve to know. Certainly, in casting our vote  for or against a nomination, the Senate deserves to know. But she  refused to provide an answer.   This isn't the only place where Judge Jackson was less than candid.  My colleagues and I repeatedly asked Judge Jackson about her judicial  philosophy, a standard question during these confirmation hearings.  Now, Judge Jackson has a marvelous legal education. She has vast  practical experience because she was a public defender, a Federal  district judge, a circuit court judge, and now will serve on the  Supreme Court.   So when you ask a judge with that sort of pedigree, ``Tell us about  the way you decide cases: What is your judicial philosophy?'' Well, it  is not a trap or a trick question. It is something that every Supreme  Court nominee has been asked to describe.   Most recently, Judge Barrett identified her judicial philosophy,  describing herself as a ``textualist'' and an ``originalist.'' Now,  those are awkward terms, but I think what that means is she believes in  interpreting the law as written and as understood at the time it was  written. That is what she refers to as a ``written Constitution.''   Judge Jackson previously suggested she didn't have a judicial  philosophy at all--something I find impossible to believe with somebody  with this sort of experience and background and incredibly impressive  education.   During her confirmation hearing, she failed to provide much clarity  beyond offering vague statements about her methodology. But her  methodology is not a philosophy. We need a clear understanding of how  Judge Jackson views judge-made law and the invisible--you might say  ``unenumerated,'' in the words of President Biden--rights that she  finds in the Constitution.   In order for me to fulfill my responsibility as a Member of the  Senate to provide advice and consent, I need to know and understand how  Judge Jackson interprets the law and the Constitution, not asking her  to make specific commitments on results or outcomes. I would never do  that because judges are supposed to interpret, apply the law to a case- by-case method. But after repeated questioning, the judge refused to  answer that question.   The prism or philosophy through which a Supreme Court nominee views  the law and interprets the Constitution is a critical indicator for  determining if the judge will ``stay in her lane''--again, those were  the terms that Judge Jackson used--or whether she will become a  policymaker that President Biden and outside groups like Demand Justice  want her to be.   Demand Justice is an advocacy group that advocates defunding the  police and progressive solutions to society's problems. They don't want  her calling balls and strikes; they want her putting her thumb on their  side of the scale and judging in a results-oriented fashion.   As I reviewed Judge Jackson's record, I saw some examples of activism  bleeding through her decisions. One of Judge Jackson's opinions from  her time on the DC district court demonstrates the serious concerns  that I have about her ability to follow the letter of the law as  expressed by Congress as opposed to her personal preferences.   In the case Make the Road New York v. McAleenan, a progressive  organization challenged the Trump administration's regulation of  expedited removal proceedings for people who illegally enter our  country without the appropriate paperwork. The Immigration and  Nationality Act gives the Department of Homeland Security ``sole and  unreviewable discretion'' to apply expedited removal proceedings.  Expedited removal is actually a deterrent for illegal immigration  because if migrants realize that without authorization they enter the  country and they are going to be removed on an expedited basis, a whole  lot of them won't spend the money and take the time on that dangerous  journey from their home to our shores or to our border if they know  they are not going to be successful. So this was not a minor matter.  But the Immigration and Nationality Act doesn't leave any gray area for  interpretation. Sole and unreviewable discretion is as clear as it  comes.   Judge Jackson, who presided over this case, decidedly did not stay in  her lane. She went beyond the unambiguous text to deliver a political  win to a progressive group and, in the process, entered an injunction  barring the use of this tool that is needed by our Border Patrol and  immigration authorities in order to deter people from violating our  immigration laws.   Unsurprisingly, her decision was appealed and ultimately overturned  by the DC circuit court. I think this is a clear-cut example of Judge  Jackson ignoring the law as written in order to achieve a result that  she preferred.   The critical point to underscore is that as Members of Congress, we  are elected and accountable. We can get elected, and we can get  unelected when our constituents don't like what we are doing. But our  authority comes from the electoral process, which is another way of  saying the consent of the governed, as I mentioned, in the Declaration  of Independence.   With each bill that is signed into law, we are interacting with the  will of our constituents. And if they don't like what we are doing, you  can bet we hear from them and certainly will in the next election, if  not before.   But by ignoring these laws passed by Congress and signed by the  President, Judge Jackson is doing more than just disregarding Congress;  she is rejecting the right of the American people to govern themselves,  to consent to the laws or withhold their consent.   If given a lifetime appointment to the Supreme Court, I have to  wonder: How many other laws would Judge Jackson ignore? How many other  precedents would she seek to overturn simply because she doesn't agree  with them? How far would she go to achieve  [[Page S1896]]  a specific result by discovering unenumerated and, hence, invisible  rights, whether it relates to immigration, abortion, religion, the  Second Amendment, or anything else you might imagine that the Supreme  Court might consider?   The separation of powers between the three coequal branches of  government is a central feature of our constitutional democracy. Not  only do we have three branches, we also have multiple levels of  Federal, State, and local governments--a Federal system. That is  because the Founders of this great country and the people who ratified  the Constitution believed that the best way to protect their liberty  was by enacting checks and balances on the authority of government  because they didn't trust any person to stay in their lane. They wanted  checks and balances to make sure there was a method of enforcing  elected officials, including judges, to stay in their lane.   Sixth Circuit Chief Judge Jeffrey Sutton recently wrote a book whose  title sums up the overarching debate with a single, succinct question.  Ultimately, this is a question of who decides. Do we the people decide?  Do our elected representatives whom we delegate the authority to make  decisions on our behalf, do they decide or do unelected, lifetime- tenured, unaccountable Federal judges--are they free to be roaming  policymakers, enacting judge-made law, which actually contradicts or  conflicts with the will of the American people, as evidenced by the  laws passed by their elected representatives? When there is a conflict  between the different levels or branches of government, who decides is  how we determine who holds the power to make decisions that impact  every citizen in this country. And as I said, all power, political and  government authority, is derived from the people.   Voters select Senators, Congressmen, even the President of the United  States, but they have no direct say in the process of selecting Supreme  Court Justices. That is why our responsibility, part of the  Constitution known as advice and consent--that is why our  constitutional obligation is so important.   We have the responsibility to determine whether a nominee understands  the important but limited role of Federal judges and can be expected to  act with restraint, fairness, impartiality, and ultimately in the best  interest of the American people.   Ultimately, I fear Judge Jackson has a blind spot when it comes to  judge-made law, and she would use her seat on the Supreme Court to  create new rights out of whole cloth and engage in result-oriented  decision making.   For that reason, I will oppose Judge Jackson's confirmation to the  Supreme Court of the United States.   I yield the floor.   