 Mr. President, I rise today to remember and honor James K.  Jackson, specialist in International Trade and Finance in the Foreign  Affairs, Defense, and Trade Division of the Congressional Research  Service, CRS. James passed away on February 17, 2022, after a serious  illness. He had a distinguished career of more than 35 years at CRS,  serving Congress on international trade and economic policy issues.   James exemplified the very best of CRS during his decades of direct  support for Congress. He achieved a remarkable record of accomplishment  through his work for Members and congressional staff. James played a  vital role in Congress' consideration of important legislation and was  well known for his authoritative analysis of critical international  economic and policy issues before Congress, including on foreign  investment and reform of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the  United States--CFIUS--when I chaired the Senate Banking Committee. He  also was intricately involved in major trade policy legislation and  debates before the Senate Finance Committee, including its work on  understanding the economic effects of U.S. trade agreements before  Congress. My senior staff used to tell me that they had James on speed  dial during the major reform of the CFIUS process during 2017-2018, a  testament to James' expertise and assistance on this major legislation.   There are many more examples of James' authoritative, nonpartisan,  and objective expertise and analysis for Congress. In addition to being  an expert on foreign investment and related policies, James had deep  knowledge of the United States' role in the global economy and most  recently was the lead CRS expert on the global effects of COVID-19,  writing and consulting extensively for Congress on this issue. He had  deep expertise in international economics and trade and was gifted in  explaining complicated economic issues in a way that those without an  economics background could understand. During the 2008-2009 global  financial crisis, James played a key role in helping Congress to  understand the deep interconnected nature of the crisis and its  financial and economic underpinnings at work in major economies. His  work in explaining the economics of trade and trade agreements was  invaluable, especially during the Senate Finance Committee's  consideration of major free trade agreements. The breadth and depth of  James' international economic policy expertise will be truly missed as  Congress continues its work on these important issues.   I offer my sincere condolences to James' family, friends, and his  colleagues at CRS during this difficult time and hope they may take  comfort in the knowledge of his indelible contribution to the work of  Congress on international trade and economic policy.   