 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to talk about  the need that we have here in this country for more energy--and  specifically, more American energy.   On Thursday, Leader Schumer and Nancy Pelosi held a press conference,  and they announced they had finally come up with an energy plan. After  nearly a year--a year of Joe Biden's energy crisis where he killed the  Keystone XL Pipeline, struck down leasing--it is good to see they  finally have a plan.   It turns out this official Democrat energy plan is not going to  create one more drop of American energy. So what will the plan do?  Well, if you look at it, you will see it sends bureaucrats--unelected,  unaccountable, heavy-handed bureaucrats--to shake down energy  companies. Instead of producing more American energy, they want more  Federal investigations into American energy.   It won't lower the price of energy--no, not by a single penny. If  anything, it might actually increase energy costs across our country.  People in Wyoming this past weekend were paying $4 a gallon for  gasoline. It doesn't take a Federal investigation to figure out what is  wrong here with energy in America. We know why prices are up: supply  and demand. Very simple. Demand for energy is up, and supply is not.  Supply is actually down.   Yet, after a year of high prices, Democrats still refuse to admit it,  ignoring inflation, not facing the facts that we have the American  energy in the ground here and they won't let us get it out.   But now the Democrats are coming up with election-year conspiracy  theories. They say high prices aren't happening because of the law of  economics. They are saying it is happening because of secret backroom  deals. Democrats claim it is an international conspiracy rigged by a  global oil market.  [[Page S2297]]  Instead of producing American energy, Democrats want to produce  excuses, one after another.   At the Democrat press conference, the majority leader said: ``The  American people didn't send us here to point fingers and blame each  other.'' They ought to point fingers at themselves. That is exactly  what the Democrat leader and the President have done for the last 15  months since the day Joe Biden took office. They blamed inflation on  coronavirus, then they blamed it on economic growth, then they blamed  it on corporations, they blamed it on ports and shipping companies,  they blamed it on Vladimir Putin, everyone except themselves who are  the cause of the problem.   They will blame anyone, as long as they don't have to change their  radical and reckless policies. But they won't deal with the problem.  Right now, Democrats basically point to the fact that they are  determined to give the American people more of the same, and it is the  same things that have brought Joe Biden's approval numbers to an  alltime low--on the inflation, on economy, on the cost of energy-- alltime historic lows, for a President who should know better but is  following the lead of the liberal radical left.   So people are going to be facing more inflation, more high energy  costs. And it now costs so much to fill up a tank of gasoline; it is  over a hundred dollars to fill up, and I saw that repeatedly across  Wyoming last weekend.   This is the same level of anxiety for hard-working families at the  end of every month when the paychecks don't keep up. On Sunday, just  this past Sunday, the cost of diesel hit an alltime high. Not just a  40-year high like we have for inflation, an alltime high for diesel  fuel.   Diesel prices have doubled since Joe Biden took office. Higher diesel  prices means it will cost more to transport goods to market. Food  prices are up; everything that one buys at the market is up. No matter  how bad it gets, Democrats refuse to change course.   Joe Biden continues to attack American energy and American energy  workers. Right now, Joe Biden's administration are blocking oil and gas  leases at 80 percent of the available Federal lands. There are  thousands of drilling requests that are in limbo, which is where Joe  Biden has put them.   He has done everything possible, you would think, to undermine  investment in American energy. Told the banks, don't lend. Told  businesses, don't invest. An attack on direct--on jobs and affordable  energy.   If Democrats were really serious about lowering energy prices, they  would stop their war on American energy. We need to unleash American  energy, not keep it in the ground. Look, Democrats remain the party of  higher costs, the party of expensive regulations, the party of high  taxes, and the party of greater reliance on foreign countries.   Working families cannot afford the Democratic agenda. People feel  stuck or stressed. They are squeezed by inflation. They are squeezed by  high energy prices. They have to make decisions about how they drive  and how they eat and what they eat and how they live.   The Democratic policies have brought us all of this. We need to  replace the Democratic policies; and come November, we are going to  replace the Democrats in the House and in the Senate.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, please call up my motion to instruct  conferees, which is at the desk.    Madam President, I rise in support of the motion to  instruct conferees to require the Department of Interior to finalize a  5-year offshore oil and gas leasing plan no later than June 30, 2022.  It would require at least 10 sales in the Gulf of Mexico and Alaska. In  consultation with both Senators Rubio and Scott, it does not impact any  moratoriums, including Florida's.   The Biden administration has failed to develop a 5-year plan. Gina  McCarthy has told us why. Last week, she said President Biden is  absolutely committed, she said, to blocking additional drilling. Jen  Psaki confirmed it at the White House.    Instead of begging for oil from our enemies, like Iran and Venezuela,  we should produce more American energy.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this amendment.    Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   