 Madam Speaker, I appreciate the chairman's courtesy  for permitting me to speak on this issue and his leadership on an issue  that concerns us all.   We are facing a retirement crisis in this country. Too many people do  not have adequate resources. The aging population is exploding, and we  have seen financial uncertainty in the midst of the COVID crisis, in  particular.   I am pleased that we are able to come together as a Congress on a  bipartisan basis to advance this legislation.   Recently, we watched people come together dealing with trade  relations with Russia, ratcheting up sanctions on a bipartisan basis,  and this is another strong signal, I think.   I also appreciate Chairman Neal for his leadership in spearheading  the SECURE 2.0 which takes the Oregon auto-enrollment model to the  Federal level and provides new incentives to promote and expand  employee stock ownership plans, ESOPs.   I have long supported ESOPs as a successful model that provides a  company's workers with retirement savings through their investment in  their employee stock. I have been stunned at the stories I have heard  about people who have what one would think are unexceptional jobs who,  through this mechanism, have been able to retire with significant  savings as a result.   Now, by giving employees skin in the game, the ESOP structure  produces employees that are more likely to set aside money for  retirement. They can retire earlier and worry less about retirement  income.   The companies that use this mechanism are fundamentally different. We  have seen in times of economic strife, employee ESOP-owned companies  are more generous with their employees. They are slower to lay people  off, they bring them back, and, in fact, they are more profitable.   It is an encouraging mechanism that I think epitomizes the best of  the American ingenuity and the creation of wealth.  [[Page H3948]]    This is a structure that works and one that is being expanded by this  legislation. By allowing for a deferral of gain on a small amount of  the proceeds of sales of employer stock to an ESOP, there will be even  more companies incented to sell stock to ESOPs, promoting and expanding  this innovative model.   I am honored to support this legislation. I hope that we will be able  to promote greater awareness and understanding of this powerful model.  This is an important step forward.   