 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to pass  our bill, the Public Safety Officer Support Act of 2022, so we keep  tackling mental health stigma across this country.   It has been almost 3 years since Montgomery County Officer T.J. Bomba  passed away from suicide. He was 38 years old and left behind a wife  and two sons.   In the immediate aftermath, we brought together Officer Bomba's  colleagues and the head of NIMH, Dr. Joshua Gordon, and others to chart  a course of action. We discussed access to care, the stigma surrounding  mental health, and how we could be advocates for change.   The roundtable produced two calls to action: increasing peer  counseling support opportunities for mental health and providing parity  and benefits for mental health conditions.   I made a promise that day to do everything I could to turn these  ideas into law. Six months ago, we accomplished one of our goals when I  stood alongside Officer Bomba's wife and two sons as President Biden  signed the first of our two bills into law.   The COPS Counseling Act increased access to peer support and will  help fight stigma and improve access to mental health services. Today,  I stand here and applaud the passage of our second bill, the Public  Safety Officer Support Act of 2022.   According to research from the Substance Abuse and Mental Health  Services Administration, public safety officers are 25 times more  likely to develop acute stress disorder, post-traumatic stress  disorder, or other mental health conditions than our general public,  and the conditions often go untreated due to the stigma of mental  health.   As it stands, mental health is excluded from the PSOB program. For  officers killed in the line of duty, the family is eligible to receive  benefits. However, when an officer dies by suicide that is directly  tied to their job, the family is unable to seek death benefits.   This bill will address the issue of stigma and provide the overdue  parity between physical and mental injuries.   Officers that are totally disabled as a result of their service will  have access to disability benefits. The families of officers who pass  away from service-linked suicide will have access to death benefits.   This approach has been endorsed by numerous mental health  organizations, including the American Foundation for Suicide  Prevention.   With the help of the public safety officer community, mental health  experts, and my colleagues in Congress, I am proud to bring this piece  of legislation before the House.   I thank everyone who joined the roundtable in 2019. We have taken a  tragedy and turned it into actionable solutions.   I thank all the stakeholders who have worked hard to bring this  legislation to the House floor. I appreciate their hard work. I thank,  Congressman Reschenthaler, for co-leading this bill and for helping us  give it strong bipartisan support.   