 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of Recovering America's  Wildlife Act.   This is a proactive piece of bipartisan legislation that would help  our State and Tribal fish and wildlife agencies with the recovery and  conservation of close to 12,000 species of fish, wildlife, and plants.   Now, I support this bill not only as the United States Representative  for the central coast of California, a district that values and  cherishes our wildlife, but also as the vice chair of the Congressional  Sportsmen's Caucus.   As some of the most passionate wildlife conservationists across our  country, many sportsmen and -women, including those in the  Congressional Sportsmen's Foundation, no matter what their political  persuasion, support this critical piece of legislation.   In addition to enhancing the Pittman-Robertson and Dingell-Johnson  Acts, sportsmen and -women want to ensure that our species are  protected and perpetuated. From bighorn sheep to the Sierra Nevada red  fox, from the California condors to the coho salmon, and from moose to  monarch butterflies, the intent of this legislation is to protect those  and thousands of other iconic animals well before they need to be  listed as endangered or threatened.   This way, rather than impose burdensome and costly regulations on  fish and wildlife managers, sportsmen and -women, and private  businesses, those species can be recovered and renewed well before any  measures are mandated.   Look, it is estimated that it costs the Federal Government more than  $19 million, on average, to recover a single species once it is listed,  including $1 million to just list the species and $18 million for the  science and habitat work. Let's simply take 2,000 of the 12,000 species  this bill would help conserve, and it would cost the Federal Government  at least $38 billion. This bill is a preventative measure to ensure  that does not happen.   Through this legislation, we would not only save billions of dollars  by not having to list species, but we would save thousands of plants  and animals by ensuring that they are protected.   By providing millions of dollars in funding for the on-the-ground  efforts,  [[Page H5515]]  we could recover, reintroduce, and restore wildlife, fish, flora, and  fauna throughout our Nation.   As many species face the growing threat of becoming extinct at  accelerated rates, due to changing global weather events and our  climate crisis, this legislation and its proposed funding would protect  those species well before they become endangered.   That is why sportsmen, community members, and my country members  support this bill, and that is why I urge my colleagues to do the same  by voting for and passing the Recovering America's Wildlife Act.   