 Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the support and  comments both from Ranking Member Comer and Chairwoman Maloney. I  appreciate that a great deal.   The concept of this bill is quite simple. It allows us to hire  applicants for Federal positions based on whether or not they have the  skills for the job. It is really that simple.   Too frequently, the hiring process is based on whether or not someone  has a degree whether or not that degree has anything to do with the  specific position or not.   Currently, hiring managers also have to rely on self-assessments that  are filled out by applicants to determine their strengths and  weaknesses. Not surprisingly, those assessments also are likely not to  work.   This Chance to Compete Act simply allows agencies to develop  appropriate skills that are based on examinations so that the  applicants show what they can do. Federal supervisors have said for a  long time that their top concern is getting a pool of quality  candidates to do the job, and this bill addresses that problem head-on.   It will facilitate agencies sharing information about candidates who  have passed assessments, which will make the hiring process more  efficient across the government, saving both time and money. It also  creates teams of subject matter experts to help agencies create  assessments that are geared for the job.   This builds off what was started in the Trump administration, and I  likewise express my thanks to Representatives Khanna, Foxx, Mfume, and  Mace for their cosponsorship, as well as Chairman Connolly, my  colleague  [[Page H8148]]  from the Subcommittee on Government Operations.   This is good policy. It will help America's government work more  efficiently.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this smart reform bill.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6267, which honors  Gerald T. Donnellan.   Mr. Donnellan served in the U.S. Army during the Vietnam war, rising  to the rank of sergeant and receiving three Purple Hearts.   After the war, his service to his country and community continued for  his entire life. He served as commissioner of veterans affairs in  Rockland County, New York, for 30 years and was responsible for  starting a veterans' health clinic in the county.   He leaves a legacy of other noteworthy accomplishments. He  established a local chapter of the Vietnam Veterans of America. He  helped create the Camp Shanks Museum, commemorating the military  facility that served as the largest point of embarkation for soldiers  headed for the front lines in North Africa and Europe during World War  II.   He also established the Rockland County Buffalo Soldiers Award to  recognize the contribution of African-American veterans.   He helped start the Memorial Day watchfires in 1987 as an alternative  to a parade for Vietnam veterans, and he established the Rockland  County Public Service Medal to honor those who served in Afghanistan,  Iraq, and the global war on terror.  [[Page H8149]]    Gerald T. Donnellan was a true patriot who committed his life to the  United States for veterans and his local community.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this bill, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to  support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6080, which honors Ronald A.  Robinson.   We name many post offices for a variety of reasons around here, but  the one we are considering now is notable in that it reflects Mr.  Robinson's lifelong interest in and support of postal matters.   Specifically, Mr. Robinson was an avid stamp collector, but this was  not just a hobby. In fact, between 1993 and 2008, he served on the  Postal Service's Citizens' Stamp Advisory Committee, a body appointed  by the Postmaster General to recommend subjects for commemoration on  U.S. postal stamps. Mr. Robinson served as chairman of the committee  for the last 3 years of his life and tenure.   Over the 15 years he served on the committee, Mr. Robinson was  involved in the creation and production of more than 1,750 postal  stamps. In addition to his service to the Postal Service, Mr. Robinson  served as captain in the U.S. Air Force during the Vietnam war, for  which he was awarded a Bronze Star. He also received the Air Force  Commendation Medal for his support of the Apollo 11 mission to the  Moon.   In addition to his public service, Mr. Robinson also enjoyed a  successful private-sector career. After leaving the Air Force, he  joined Cranford, Johnson,  [[Page H8150]]  Robinson, Woods, a marketing and communications firm in Arkansas.   He began as an intern at the firm and rose to become the firm's CEO-- helping build it into the largest advertising agency in Arkansas and  receiving numerous awards and recognitions along the way.   Mr. Speaker, Mr. Robinson passed away in 2018, leaving a legacy of  service and accomplishment. I encourage my colleagues to support this  bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman  from Arkansas (Mr. Hill), the author of this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I  am prepared to close.   Mr. Speaker, this is a good bill. I urge my colleagues to support it,  and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and  nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   