 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman  from Pennsylvania (Mr. Perry) for yielding.   The gentleman is right. You can't help but notice and perhaps be  distracted in an unseemly way by the stream of insidious attacks on the  institution of the United States Supreme Court. It began with ideas  about packing the Court, the well-known threat by the majority leader  in the Senate that, ``You won't know what hit you'' to the Justices of  the Supreme Court, followed by that unprecedented leak--unprecedented  in the history of the United States Supreme Court for a draft opinion  to leak to the public.   But we weren't done then, because in the ensuing two weeks, there was  the online publishing of information about the residences of the  Justices of the Supreme Court and the appearance of mobs outside their  houses to intimidate them.   And we were not done then. Last night, in the Committee on the  Judiciary of the House of Representatives, there were the most unseemly  attacks on the institution of the Court.   We can look forward and we are still not done, because that  committee, the Democratic majority of that committee, has scheduled for  next week a hearing on the Dobbs case as it pends for decision on the  calendar of the Court, another unprecedented trampling of institutional  norms by a majority who reminds us constantly of their desire to  protect democracy.   But as I say, all of that threatens to cover over what should be a  hopeful moment for this Nation in which we may, for the first time in  49 years, set aside a regime that has resulted in the loss of 61  million innocents.   We may soon see in this Nation that no longer will tiny babies at the  instant of their formation and their first weeks of growth when their  formative heart begins to beat and they can sense pain, be forcibly  ripped, limb from limb, as they are extracted from their mother's womb  by an abortionist.   We can aspire now, given the hope that emerges from what was intended  for evil, but God may use for good, this opinion that says no longer  will the deficient logic and willful action of a Supreme Court majority  in 1973 dictate the course of this Nation and commit us to a continuing  abomination against the most innocent.   The aspiration that it may come to pass that the abomination of Roe  v. Wade will join Dred Scott and Plessy v. Ferguson and Korematsu on  the ash heap of history, a stain upon the history of the United States,  to be sure, but one that the Nation and those who have the good fortune  to live within her confines may yet live to see redeemed.   Aspiration, hope, faith that this Nation may yet indeed see the  living out of its creed. That is what I aspire to tonight.   