 Mr. President, since the time John Jay was inaugurated  as the first Chief Justice, only 115 individuals have been chosen to  sit on the U.S. Supreme Court. Out of these 115 Justices, only 5--only  5--have been women. Only two--only two--have been African Americans.  Only one--just one--has been Hispanic. And to date, never--never--has  an African-American woman sat on the highest Court in the land.   Soon, President Biden will have an opportunity to make the Supreme  Court look more like America by nominating the first Black woman in  U.S. history to serve as a Justice. Every single Member of this  Chamber, regardless of party, should embrace the President's commitment  to make sure that our courts--and especially the Supreme Court--better  reflect our country's diversity, and nominating a Black woman as  Justice is a long overdue step toward achieving that goal.   Past Presidents, from Eisenhower to Johnson to Reagan, were clear  about their intentions of nominating historic and barrier-breaking  individuals to the Supreme Court. President Biden's commitment to  nominate a Black woman is a continuation of that important effort.   And once President Biden announces his nominee, I intend to have the  Senate move quickly so we can fulfill our constitutional duty to advise  and consent and, ultimately, confirm the President's pick. We will have  a fair process but also a quick process so that the work of the Supreme  Court continues uninterrupted.   If our democracy is to prosper in the 21st century, the American  people must have confidence that our Federal courts will faithfully  adhere to the solemn principle of ``equal justice under law.'' The more  our judges reflect our Nation's vibrancy and rich diversity, the more  effectively they will be able to administer equal justice.   And make no mistake, a more balanced, more diverse judiciary has been  one of the Senate Democrats' top priority in our work with the Biden  administration. Over the past year, we have worked at a record pace to  confirm the most judicial nominees in the President's first year since  the time of Ronald Reagan, and we have done it with nominees who bring  diversity in their backgrounds, their life experiences, and  professional expertise--something that didn't happen, really, in a  large way until this year.  [[Page S422]]    One day, I hope the barrier-breakers of today will be closer to the  norm of tomorrow. We want more women to sit on our courts, especially  the Supreme Court. We need more people of color, more public defenders,  more civil rights lawyers, more children of immigrants to sit on our  courts to reflect the broad diversity that America is and will continue  to be. In fact, it will continue to grow.   The more Americans look at our courts and see people who look like  them and come from the same backgrounds and share similar experiences,  the better off our justice system and our democracy shall be. And  nowhere else is this more important than the Supreme Court.   So I applaud the President's commitment to choosing a qualified and  historic nominee, and the Senate stands ready to work quickly to  confirm President Biden's pick when we get it.   