 Mr. President, I listened to the Senator from South  Dakota, my friend, and I think he fairly set out the Republican agenda:  Take the Trump tax cuts--the cuts that appeared during the Trump  administration for the wealthiest people in America--and make them  permanent. That is his idea of an economic boost that America needs; it  is not mine. My idea is to try to address the challenges which working  families in America face today, the challenges which many people in  America of limited means face today. I think the Tax Code should be  written with those people in mind, not with the wealthiest people in  mind, which the Republicans did when they pushed through the Trump tax  cuts, with the opposition of Democrats.   So what are we proposing that was characterized yesterday by the  Republican minority leader as socialistic? Well, what we are proposing  is trying to bring some fairness when it comes to prescription drug  pricing.    It is not every day we get to say this, but this week, we  have a chance to make history in the ``Land of Lincoln.'' Soon, the  Senate will vote to confirm Nancy Maldonado as U.S. district court  judge for the Northern District of Illinois. If confirmed, this  eminently qualified nominee will be the first Hispanic woman to serve  as an article III judge in Illinois. It marks yet another proud  accomplishment in our efforts to build a judiciary that really reflects  America.   Born in Skokie, Ms. Maldonado has practiced law for more than two  decades. She earned her A.B. cum laude from Harvard and her J.D. from  Columbia Law School. After graduating, she clerked for 2 years with  Judge Ruben Castillo, who served on the court to which she has now been  nominated.   In the years since her clerkship, Ms. Maldonado has dedicated herself  to defending the rights of working people as a plaintiff-side  employment law litigator. Throughout her career, she has continually  answered the call to serve our State.   In the early 2010s, she worked as special assistant state's attorney  to Cook County to investigate fraud. In 2018, our State's attorney  general appointed her to serve as consent decree monitor in two  employment discrimination cases. Again last year, she was appointed to  serve as a special assistant attorney general to investigate consumer  fraud. She was also confirmed by the Illinois State Senate to join the  State Police Merit Board, a role in which she has worked to ensure that  members of law enforcement who protect and serve our communities are  treated fairly.   With such impressive credentials, it is no wonder that Senator Tammy  Duckworth and I enthusiastically support Ms. Maldonado and that the  American Bar Association rated her ``well qualified.''   Given her extensive experience and long record of service, she will  be an asset to the Northern District of Illinois. I hope all of my  colleagues will join me in voting for her confirmation.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, this week, the Senate continues its work  confirming experienced, diverse nominees to the Federal judiciary.   Today, the Senate will vote to confirm Judge Nina Wang, nominated to  the U.S. District Court for the District of Colorado. Judge Wang  currently serves as a magistrate judge in the District of Colorado.  Prior to joining the bench, she worked in private practice, primarily  representing plaintiffs and defendants in a broad range of complex  intellectual property matters. Judge Wang also served as an Assistant  U.S. Attorney for the District of Colorado, a role in which she  litigated civil cases on employment, environmental, and civil rights  matters.   A graduate of Washington University in St. Louis and Harvard Law  School, she clerked for Judge Peter J. Messitte on the District of  Maryland a few years after earning her J.D. The American Bar  Association has unanimously rated Judge Wang ``well qualified'', and  she enjoys the strong support of her home State Senators, Mr. Bennet  and Mr. Hickenlooper.   I will support Judge Wang, and I urge my colleagues to do the same.    I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Leahy) is  necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Leahy) is  necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Leahy) is  necessarily absent.    Mr. President, this week, the Senate continues its work  confirming experienced and fair-minded nominees to the Federal  judiciary.   Today, we will vote to confirm Judge Julianna Michelle Childs to the  U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. With over  15 years of experience as a judge, Judge Childs is exceptionally  qualified to serve on the D.C. Circuit. As a district court judge for  the District of South Carolina since 2010, Judge Childs has presided  over almost 5,000 civil and criminal matters,  [[Page S3361]]  including 50 jury trials and 11 bench trials. During this time, she has  been reversed or vacated on appeal in fewer than 1 percent of her  cases, an impressive record for any District Court Judge.   Before joining the Federal bench, Judge Childs served for 4 years as  a circuit court judge for the South Carolina Judicial Department, where  she presided over thousands of State court matters. Judge Childs also  served as a commissioner on the South Carolina Workers' Compensation  Commission, adjudicating administrative decisions and reviewing  administrative appeals.   Prior to her judicial service, Judge Childs served South Carolina as  the deputy director of the division of labor for the South Carolina  Department of Labor, Licensing and Regulation. In this position, she  administered State and Federal programs. Given that the D.C. Circuit  hears more cases involving administrative law than any other circuit  court, this practical experience with administrative law will be an  asset to the court.   Before her time in public service, Judge Childs worked in private  practice as a civil litigator, and she ultimately became the first  Black woman in South Carolina to become a partner in a large law firm-- only 8 years after joining her firm.   Judge Childs is also the first member of her family to go to college,  and she graduated with her B.S. cum laude from the University of South  Florida Honors College. She then received her J.D. and M.A. at the  University of South Carolina. While serving as a district court judge,  Judge Childs also earned her LL.M. at Duke University School of Law.   The American Bar Association has unanimously rated Judge Childs as  ``well qualified'' to serve on the D.C. Circuit. Her outstanding  qualifications make it no surprise that she has received strong,  bipartisan support from her home State's delegation, most notably from  Congressman and Majority Whip Clyburn and my colleague on the Senate  Judiciary Committee, Senator Graham.   With her extensive judicial service at the State and Federal level,  her experience administering State and Federal programs, and her  historic career in private practice, Judge Childs will be ready to  serve the D.C. Circuit with distinction on day one.    I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Leahy) is  necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Leahy) is  necessarily absent.   