 Madam Speaker, I rise today to emphasize my concern about  President Biden's U.S. Supreme Court nominee, Ketanji Brown Jackson,  commonly known as KBJ, and to express my deep disappointment for any  Senator that votes for her confirmation this week.   While I do not have a vote on KBJ's confirmation, I do have a voice.  And I will continue using my voice to tell the American people the  truth.   The truth is that Ketanji Brown Jackson is incapable of holding  criminals accountable.   Throughout her career, Judge Jackson's sentences have been  drastically lower than the national average, even for individuals who  have committed the most egregious crimes imaginable.   When analyzing all criminal case sentencing imposed by U.S. District  Courts, Judge Jackson issued significantly lighter sentences, almost 34  percent less than the national average.   Specifically, the statistics reveal a more sinister pattern when  broken down to child pornography and child sex torture cases.   When sentencing criminals for possession of child pornography, KBJ  imposed sentences 57 percent less than the national average.  Additionally, she issued sentences 47 percent less than the national  average for those convicted of distributing these atrocious images of  child sex torture.   Disturbingly, child sex torture, one of the most heinous crimes of  all, is met with compassion and concessions from Judge Jackson.  [[Page H4197]]    In fact, here are some quotes from KBJ in the U.S. v. Hawkins cases  involving Mr. Hawkins, an 18-year-old adult man charged with  downloading many images and videos of innocent children being tortured  by sex offenders. During this case KBJ said: ``I feel so sorry for  you''--in reference to Mr. Hawkins himself--``and for the anguish that  this has caused all of you.''   Judge Jackson feels sorry for the perpetrator. Excuse me? What about  the victims and the anguish that this torture has caused them?   In addition, KBJ stated: ``This seems to be a situation in which you  were fascinated by sexual images involving what were essentially your  peers.''   Peers? Really?   The vile content Mr. Hawkins possessed depicted boys as young as 8  years old. Mr. Hawkins was 18 at the time, over twice their age.   Keep in mind, the sentencing guidelines called for up to 10 years in  prison for Mr. Hawkins, yet Ketanji Brown Jackson sentenced this  predator to just 3 months in jail. Three months.   Madam Speaker, we are not talking about someone who disobeyed traffic  laws. This is a man convicted of possessing multiple images of child  sex torture.   This is sickening and wrong, plain and simple.   It is not just Judge Jackson's record that is worthy of outrage.  Revelations from her recent testimony speak volumes to KBJ's interest  in legislating from the bench.   When asked to provide the definition for the word ``woman,'' KBJ  absurdly said she could not, adding that she isn't a biologist.   Can you think of a more illogical excuse? The word ``woman'' is a  term I am sure that most third graders can accurately describe with  ease.   By failing to define a woman, Judge Jackson has shown her true  narrative to the American people, exposing her loyalty to the woke  left. It is no secret that radical activists are waging a bizarre and  dangerous war on women. From women's sports to large corporations,  liberals are attempting to erase women while claiming to fight for  women's rights.    So by refusing to define a woman, Judge Jackson has revealed that she  both accepts and supports the left's treacherous agenda. Furthermore,  KBJ's inability to accept and acknowledge the differences between men  and women raises serious doubt and questions about her ability to  decide judicial outcomes regarding sex, such as title IX cases.   Bottom line, Ketanji Brown Jackson's resistance to the realities that  exist between men and women is deeply unsettling and proves that she  will adjudicate with an agenda, an immoral agenda that is blatantly  wrong for our country.   In another disheartening display of her disqualifications, KBJ also  refused to recognize Americans' natural rights.   From the founding of our great country, both our citizenry and our  government have acknowledged that we are provided unalienable rights by  our creator. It is unconscionable that a nominee to our Nation's  highest court would reject this foundational principle, and it is  alarming that Senators will still ignore KBJ's appalling testimony and  vote for her to serve our judicial system for life.   Mark my words, Ketanji Brown Jackson's refusal to acknowledge  Americans' natural rights from God is a Trojan horse for tyranny,  presenting yet another glaring example of why she is unfit for the  Supreme Court.   We know she is soft on crime. We know she is a vessel for the woke  left's dangerous ideology. And we know she cannot definitively defend  Americans' God-given rights or precious freedoms.   Yet, despite KBJ's frightening record and recent testimony, the  Senate intends to vote on her confirmation to the Supreme Court this  week.   If KBJ becomes a Supreme Court Justice, she will serve for decades,  solidifying and strengthening the left's menacing grip on our rule of  law.    Her decisions will impact future Americans for generations  to come, setting precedent that will ultimately guide our great Nation  once you and I are long gone.    Without question, Americans from Maine, Utah to Alaska,  from sea to shining sea, are watching intently, praying their Senators'  vote will represent----    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to call up H.R.  471, the PAUSE Act, to protect all Americans from Biden's border  crisis.    Mr. Speaker, I really appreciate your leadership and  willingness to highlight the issues facing our country, including the  very serious issue of the possible confirmation of an unqualified  person, Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson, to the U.S. Supreme Court.   President Biden's Supreme Court nominee, Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson,  commonly known as KBJ, is simply unfit to serve our Nation's highest  court.   Throughout her legal career, Judge Jackson has garnered a  disconcerting record of being soft on crime, as evidenced by her  lenient sentencing, particularly for criminals convicted of egregious  acts involving child sex torture. Judge Jackson simply is incapable of  holding dangerous criminals accountable.   Additionally, Judge KBJ has revealed her allegiance to the radical  left by refusing to define what a woman is, excusing her extremism by  claiming she isn't a biologist. There are indisputable differences  between men and women, and those differences must be both acknowledged  and accepted in order for KBJ to properly adjudicate title IX cases.   Judge Jackson also recently declined to recognize Americans' natural  rights, the precious rights granted to us by God. Failing to accept the  basic principle that individuals possess unalienable rights, a  principle that is the very foundation of our American values, is  supremely disqualifying for any individual seeking to serve our  Nation's highest court.   Yet, despite Judge Jackson's frightening record and recent  disqualifying revelations, the Senate intends to vote to potentially  confirm her to the Supreme Court this week.   While it is true that Judge Jackson's confirmation will not  immediately alter the makeup of the Court, it is naive and cowardly to  make excuses when the stakes are this high. Our country, our liberties,  and the makeup of the Supreme Court are on the line.   If Judge Jackson becomes a Supreme Court Justice, she will serve for  decades, solidifying and strengthening the left's menacing grip of our  rule of law. Her decisions will impact future Americans for generations  to come, setting precedent that will ultimately guide our great Nation  once many of us in these Chambers are long gone.   This is exactly why Judge Jackson's confirmation is much larger than  just one vote. It is about preserving justice, protecting our freedoms,  and defending our Constitution.  [[Page H4387]]    Mr. Speaker, I urge every solitary Senator to contemplate their vote  and the significant weight that it carries for our future. I encourage  them to vote ``no'' on this confirmation.   Without question, Americans from Maine to Utah to Alaska, from sea to  shining sea, are watching intently, praying their Senators' votes will  represent our Nation's constitutional principles rather than  appeasement to the left.   America is watching. Will our Senators defend America by voting  ``no,'' or will they shrink back? We will not forget.   