 Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member from  Illinois for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, before we vote on new legislation, it is very important  that we have an honest look at the price tag. As Republican leader of  the House Budget Committee, it is my responsibility to track how new  spending impacts our Nation's bottom line.   Every time Washington passes unpaid-for legislation that adds a new  benefit or program, or expands an existing one, our fiscal problems get  much worse. At each one of these moments, we take another step toward  either raising taxes on middle- and low-income working-class Americans  or asking China for another IOU.    Look no further than the $2 trillion Biden bailout bill that was  passed back in March. It added trillions to our Nation's debt.   Also, the $5 trillion BBB that was passed out of this House would add  trillions to our debt. According to the Congressional Budget Office,  which is the official scorekeeper for Congress, the true cost of the  bill before us is hidden. The true cost before us is hidden. Why?   On paper, the bill appears paid for. However, the new spending does  not begin until 2025, and then the expansion of benefits does not go  into effect until after the budget window in 2032. Meanwhile, the pay- fors all go away within the 10-year window. This is a creative way for  Democrats to use budget gimmicks and delay program start dates to push  through billions in unpaid-for spending.   These types of budget gimmicks are exactly what Democrats have been  doing with the $5 trillion spending bill that was called out and why  Senators on the other side of the building will not support the  legislation.   Congress must stop kidding itself with fanciful accounting. Stop  pretending that creating and expanding government programs, especially  mandatory spending programs, won't come with a real fiscal impact.  Start being honest with the American people about the true price tag  and the consequences of their reckless actions.   