 Madam President, as the Senate process on the Postal  Service Reform Act is underway, I want to rise today to highlight the  daily impact the U.S. Postal Service has on folks back home,  particularly in rural Kansas.   Many Americans rely upon the U.S. Postal Service. When a special  occasion arises, they will send a card to a loved one. And while  receiving a letter or a card, a gift in the mail--instead of a text  message or email these days--brings lots of people lots of joy and a  connection to people, the U.S. Postal Service holds a very different  role for so many Kansans living in rural America.   Its services are ingrained in the daily routines and lifestyles of  our rural communities. Men and women of our communities gather at the  post office. They see their friends and neighbors when they go to get  their mail at the mailbox at the post office. Everything from  celebrating birthdays and weddings to supporting the town's economy, to  even providing lifesaving assistance during a natural disaster or  global pandemic revolves around the post office.   Rod Holub, former president of the Kansas State Association of Letter  Carriers, reminded me of a supercell tornado that hit Manhattan, KS, in  June 2008. There was no electronic communication available, and the  only reliable way to communicate was the post office. One of the first  people allowed in the affected area was Rod, the postal carrier.   Kansans living in Manhattan at the time have told me stories of how  Rod assured every family that they would still be able to connect to  their mail service since electronic communications were down, and it  would be a while before they could be restored. Insurance claim  information and legal documents were going to be vital in rebuilding  their lives, and Rod ensured safe, secure, and timely delivery of those  documents.   Similar situations occurred in the communities of Reading and  Greensburg when natural disasters cut off their access to the local  post office. When natural disasters wreak havoc in Kansas, a priority  in the aftermath is helping to ensure postal operations resume quickly  for Kansans who lost almost everything. In both of the cases of  Greensburg and Reading, the Postal Service worked quickly with the  communities to reestablish mail service and provide a method of  communication to rebuild from the destruction.   It is often a neglected fact that the U.S. Postal Service letter  carriers are the protective eyes and ears of the neighborhood, often  going the extra mile to aid a customer in need of assistance. One such  story occurred when a Kansas letter carrier discovered a customer  confined to a wheelchair in the heat of summer and without air- conditioning, a fan, or a ramp to get in and out of their home. The  Kansas letter carrier took it upon herself to rally the neighbors who  all provided the customer with a window AC unit, a fan, and had a ramp  built.   Much of the benefits of the Postal Service Reform Act will be halting  the service reductions Kansans have been subjected to for the past 15  years. Dozens of post offices across the State have closed and multiple  rural processing facilities in Dodge City, Colby, Hays, Salina, Topeka,  and Fort Scott were shuttered. Now, if you live in many parts of  Western Kansas or Eastern or Southeast Kansas, your mail is processed  someplace far away--North Platte, NE; Amarillo, TX. There are only two  processing facilities that remain in our State. The impact of these  closures and consolidations disproportionately affect rural Kansans in  both service reductions and lost jobs.   Congressional action on the postal reform legislation will allow the  U.S. Postal Service to continue serving rural America without fear of  imminent service reductions that will further isolate rural  communities. The solution to the post office's financial circumstances  can't simply be eliminating service, reducing service. To ensure that  the U.S. Postal Service maintains its vital services, I urge my  colleagues to support and vote for the Postal Service Reform Act.   I yield the floor.   