 Mr. President, I rise today to speak about what I  believe are unlawful actions taken by the Government of Mexico against  Vulcan Materials Company, which is headquartered in Birmingham, AL.   Vulcan is the Nation's largest producer of construction aggregates,  primarily crushed stone, sand, and gravel.   Vulcan is also a major producer of aggregates-based construction  materials like asphalt and ready-mixed concrete.   The materials produced by Vulcan are used in nearly all forms of  construction, like infrastructure repairs to bridges or roads or when a  new office building is being built.   While headquartered in Alabama, Vulcan has 720 facilities and more  than 12,000 employees across the United States.   Its reach is also international. Vulcan has operated a quarry in the  Yucatan Peninsula of Mexico since the 1980s. The quarry supplies  aggregates to Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi, South Carolina,  and Texas. Vulcan has quarried limestone legally in Mexico on land that  it owns for over 30 years. It has full ownership of its property in  Mexico and owns the limestone reserves on the property. Vulcan also  operates the only deepwater port on the Yucatan Peninsula in Mexico.  Vulcan operates that port because Vulcan built that port.   Furthermore, it is my understanding that Vulcan has always complied  with Mexican law and permitting, which is why I was shocked to hear  Mexican  [[Page S2479]]  President Lopez Obrador announce that he would pursue legal actions to  close Vulcan's operations. His baseless claim is that the company is  operating illegally in Mexico after 30 years. That statement is  categorically false.   Unfortunately, President Obrador followed through with his threat for  legal action. Last week, Mexican Government officials unexpectedly  presented local Vulcan employees with orders to immediately cease  operations on Vulcan's own land in Mexico. I believe this shutdown,  ordered by the President of Mexico, represents a baseless attack on a  U.S. company and demonstrates a disregard for the rule of law.   But even before shutdown orders were issued, Vulcan was subject to  public harassment and intimidation tactics from the President of  Mexico, including the Mexican Navy sending troops to the entrance of  the Vulcan facility for the last several days before last week, the  Mexican Navy flying Blackhawk helicopters and drones over Vulcan's  property, the Mexican Navy sending patrol boats to Vulcan's harbor, and  the Mexican Government withholding the issuance of a routine customs  permit from January through mid-February.   These actions by the President and Mexican Government are contrary to  the most basic principles of international law and the free-trade  agreements that bind our two countries together. These actions also go  against the objectives and principles jointly set by the U.S. and  Mexican Governments as part of the high-level economic dialogue  established in September of 2021.   However, President Obrador's attack on Vulcan is bigger than just one  company. It undermines the rule of law in Mexico, ignores international  law and free-trade agreements, weakens our bilateral relationship, and  will discourage future U.S. investments in Mexico.   We have all heard about the actions President Lopez Obrador has  attempted to take against U.S. energy companies in Mexico. This latest  action is an example of just how far he is willing to go.   These actions will also have a direct impact on the supply chain for  major infrastructure projects in the United States. We cannot allow  this to stand.   Back in February, Senator Shelby and I wrote Secretary Blinken to  express alarm over actions Mexico was taking against Vulcan. It turns  out we were right to be concerned. So I urge the Biden administration  to take appropriate action in order to ensure Vulcan, a great American  company, is able to maintain critical operations in the country of  Mexico.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   