 Madam President, it was 10 years ago today that President  Obama walked into the White House Rose Garden and said he had an  announcement to make.   He made an announcement which changed the lives of hundreds of  thousands of people living in America. He announced the Deferred Action  for Childhood Arrivals. Now, we call it DACA.   And with that announcement, I joined with, I guess, thousands of  young leaders across this country and breathed a sigh of relief.   Over the past decade, DACA has allowed more than 800,000 Dreamers to  remain in the only home they have ever known: America. These young  people we call Dreamers came to this  [[Page S2955]]  country as children, some as young as a few months old. They grew up  studying in our classrooms. They grew up befriending our children and  grandchildren. They went to church with us, and when they were kids,  every morning they stood up in that classroom and pledged allegiance to  that flag. And the reason they did it, of course, is they believed it  was their flag.   In the years since DACA was announced, a lot has changed in the  world. Presidents have come and gone, wars have ended, and a once-in-a- century pandemic has rocked the world.   But in the face of all these changes and upheavals, one thing remains  steady, constant, and predictable: the devotion of Dreamers to America.  These young people have demonstrated an unwavering commitment to  America. They served as our school teachers, first responders, members  of the military, essential workers in the pandemic.   More than 200,000 DACA recipients were classified by our government  as ``essential critical infrastructure workers'' during the pandemic-- 200,000 of them. And, remember, they don't enjoy the benefit of  citizenship yet. Among them are 40,000 healthcare industry workers,  doctors, nurses, paramedics.   Over the years, I have come to the floor of the Senate over 125  different times to tell the stories of the Dreamers. These stories show  us what is at stake when we consider the fate of DACA and the Dream  Act.   Today, I want to tell you the story of Yazmin Ruiz. She is the 130th  Dreamer story that I have told on the Senate floor.   This is a photograph of Yazmin.   She arrived in this country at the age of 3, along with her twin  sister and her mom. And even though her extended family remained in  Mexico, she said she never felt alone growing up in Arizona because  ``we were surrounded by community.''   But when Yazmin was 16, the family suffered a tragedy that ignited  her passion for medicine. Her mother had a stroke, and when the family  arrived at the hospital, they were shocked to discover that none of the  healthcare providers spoke Spanish.   At a young age, Yazmin, who was grappling with the trauma and fear  that her mother might die, was forced to play the role of interpreter  and translator to save her mother's life.   It was at that moment, even as a terrified 16-year-old, that Yazmin  resolved to become a healthcare hero if her mom needed her.   She studied hard in high school. She graduated with honors. She made  her way to the University of New Mexico, where she earned a bachelor of  science in biology and Spanish.   Yazmin then matriculated to the University of New Mexico School of  Medicine, but then she hit a speed bump. She discovered that her  immigration status was going to stop her from receiving a professional  license to practice medicine. Her dream was interrupted.   What did she do? She said: No way. She wouldn't accept no for an  answer.   She joined a coalition of like-minded students and rallied support in  the New Mexico Legislature to change the State law on licensure.    Now Yazmin Ruiz is fulfilling her childhood dream. Every day she  delivers care and support to families like her own and offers the  guidance that she once sought as a teenager lost in our healthcare  system.   Yazmin is in the third year of her general surgeon residency at the  University of New Mexico. And at the height of the pandemic, she was  deep in the trenches of our healthcare system.   Back in the summer of 2020, when COVID was new and basically unknown,  Yazmin was working 80 hours a week, providing daily care to COVID- positive patients, performing CPR, and wearing protective gear from  head to toe.   Like so many Dreamers, Yazmin's commitment to serving her community  was unshakeable. Even when her own family members came down with COVID,  she didn't stay home and take care of them. She went to work. Day after  day, she put her life on the line to save the lives of others.   And she has continued that journey as a healthcare professional  against improbable odds.   Yazmin considers it ``a privilege and an honor to serve America in  the midst of an unprecedented public health crisis.''   I want to thank Yazmin Ruiz for her service on the frontlines of the  coronavirus pandemic. She is an immigrant health hero. She is a DACA  health hero. She has put herself and her family at risk to protect  American lives. She shouldn't also have to worry about whether she is  going to be deported tomorrow and whether her family will be deported  as well.   Think about that for one moment. This young woman, against all the  odds, is pursuing her residency in surgery. She is determined to serve  this Nation and to make people's lives better.   And what is our response, our official government response? Sorry.  You are not a citizen, and under the current law, you never will be.   So you ask yourself, what are we thinking? If a quality, contributing  person like Yazmin Ruiz is willing to defy the odds and to risk  everything to be a doctor, why aren't we applauding that, rewarding  that, giving her an incentive and others like her to be a generation of  service to America?   Basic question we have to ask, would we be a better nation, a better  country, if we deported Yazmin Ruiz? I hope the answer is pretty  obvious. It is to me.   Over the past 20 years or more, I have had the privilege of sharing  more than 100 stories like Yazmin's on the floor of the Senate--the  stories of Dreamers who have given everything they can to America and  who have more than earned their place in America's story.   Yet these brilliant young people are still waiting on us, on  Congress, to finish the job that President Obama started with DACA.  This program was always supposed to be a temporary solution. Ten years  ago we knew that. The permanent solution was enacting a piece of  legislation that I introduced 20 years ago called the DREAM Act. It  provides a path to citizenship for Dreamers, including young immigrants  eligible for DACA.   Congress has been on the cusp of passing the DREAM Act for years. In  2013, we included it in a larger immigration package that passed the  Senate with 68 votes. It was a glorious day. Can you imagine it--68  votes in the Senate for anything?   And that broad bipartisan support reflected America's public opinion;  that the Dream Act was the right thing to do. In fact, over the years,  ``Dreamers'' have become a household word. When we came up with the  name for this legislation over 20 years ago, and you said the word  ``Dreamers,'' people would say: Oh, I know that. That is a rock group,  a British rock group, and it might have been Freddie and the Dreamers,  but that wasn't the group we were describing at all.   These Dreamers have touched the hearts of America because in the  Dreamers we see our own history as a nation of immigrants. We know that  they deserve permanent status in this country, their home. They have  earned it, but time and again the Senate has failed DACA recipients.   Instead of making these protections permanent, we have left them in  doubt. The former President of the United States, Donald Trump, even  attempted to terminate the DACA Program to turn people like Yazmin Ruiz  away from the country.   Can you imagine what that would have meant to her, to her family, to  New Mexico, to America, for all the Americans whose lives have been  saved by Dreamers like Yazmin or for the Nation's classrooms and  businesses that count on these idealistic, hard-working people who want  to be part of our future?   And our failure to protect Dreamers is not only a human disaster, it  is an economic disaster. It doesn't add up.   DACA recipients and their households pay more than $5 billion in  Federal taxes, more than $3 billion in State and local taxes every  single year. That is money that funds the construction of roads and  bridges, pays Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. And the economic  upside of enacting the Dream Act is even bigger.   Last year, the House passed the bipartisan Dream and Promise Act. If  the Senate just followed their lead and passed that legislation today,  we could increase America's GDP by more than $800 billion over the next  decade and create hundreds of thousands of jobs in the process.  [[Page S2956]]    Our broken immigration system is embarrassing. It is failing America,  and it is failing our families. It is also failing our economy. Beyond  the Dream Act, Congress on both sides of the political spectrum agree,  comprehensive immigration reform would boost our economic growth and  help ease inflationary pressures in the United States. The United  States Chamber of Commerce even called for doubling the number of legal  immigrants in America to address the worker shortage and in turn  alleviate inflation. With the Dream Act, we are talking about a  bipartisan measure that is very simple in scope. It allows young people  who have grown up in America to continue contributing to our economy.  For decades now, Dreamers have been stuck in legislative purgatory.  Only a subset of them have been able to secure DACA protections, and  even for those who do, they have to renew their status every 2 years,  which means they can only plan their lives in uncertain 2-year  increments. That is unfair. No, it is cruel.   Dreamers are living with the sword of Damocles hanging over their  head. In the coming weeks, a Federal judge could strike down DACA and  deport these young people to countries they barely remember, if they  remember at all. Just last year, a Federal judge in Texas limited the  program to only renewing applications. That ruling was wrong. It  excluded a whole generation of Dreamers from stepping out of the  shadows of a broken immigration system.   If there is one lesson we can learn from the bipartisan gun safety  framework that is being debated this week in Washington, it is that the  Members of this Senate are not as divided as the American people think.  We can come together to support commonsense policies that secure a  brighter future for America. That is exactly the opportunity we have  with the Dream Act.   I can think of no better way to celebrate the 10-year anniversary of  DACA than by finally passing this legislation, offering every one of  our amazing Dreamers a path to American citizenship, which they deserve  and they have earned. An overwhelming bipartisan majority of voters  want Congress to pass the Dream Act. They know it will dramatically  grow our economy and strengthen our Nation. Most importantly, it is the  right thing to do.   It is time for Congress to step up and meet our responsibility-- Democrats, Republicans and Independents alike. Let's get this done.   I yield the floor.    I announce that the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr.  WHITEHOUSE) is necessarily absent.   