 Madam Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 1377, I call  up the bill (H.R. 8542) to amend the Public Health Service Act to  authorize grants to States, Indian Tribes, Tribal organizations, Urban  Indian organizations, and political subdivisions thereof to hire,  employ, train, and dispatch mental health professionals to respond in  lieu of law enforcement officers in emergencies involving one or more  persons with a mental illness or an intellectual or developmental  disability, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate  consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks  and include extraneous material on H.R. 8542, the Mental Health Justice  Act of 2022.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise today in support of H.R. 8542, the Mental Health Justice Act  of 2022, sponsored by Congresswoman Katie Porter of California.   As my colleagues well know, the Nation is facing a mental health  crisis. One in five adults experience a mental health illness in their  life, and 1 in 20 experience a serious mental illness.   The Mental Health Justice Act creates a grant program for local  governments to hire, train, and dispatch mental health professionals  when 911 is called because someone is experiencing a mental health  crisis.   Mr. Speaker, we must ensure people have access to the support they  need, especially in moments of crisis when emergency responders are  called.   This legislation would help support connecting those experiencing a  mental health crisis with the appropriate responders, resources, and  care. The appropriate responder here is crucial. In an effort to  balance the needs of individuals and communities, this bill still  maintains States' and public entities' hiring and recruiting authority  for law enforcement officers and in no way limits their ability to  intervene in dangerous circumstances.   It is through such coordination and collaboration with law  enforcement and the community that we make our communities safer.   By ensuring that a mental health professional is the responder in  situations where a person is experiencing a mental health or  disability-related crisis, this bill will help keep some of the most  vulnerable members of our community safe.   This is a good bill that will help strengthen the communities we  serve, and I urge all my colleagues to support H.R. 8542 today.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I only have one speaker, so I will continue  to reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Porter), the sponsor of this legislation, someone who  has worked so hard in her time here on mental health and behavioral  health issues.    Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to  close.   Mr. Speaker, I commend the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Porter)  for constantly coming up with innovative approaches to the mental  health and the opioid crises. I see this over and over again on her  part.   Look, the bottom line is local governments need support for these  types of specialized mental health response units that she has put  together as part of this bill with grant funding. This isn't going to  happen unless the Federal Government provides this kind of funding and  authorization for these programs. I know locally in New Jersey, it will  not happen unless we do something and provide these types of grants.   It does disturb me that the Republicans keep trying to politicize  this because I know that on our committee, the Energy and Commerce  Committee--and most of the speakers on the other side are on our  committee--we have worked hard to come together in a bipartisan way to  try to come up with innovative approaches to the behavioral health  crisis.   We did a bill that passed the House 404-20 just a few months ago that  provides help for mental health and well-being that has ways of trying  to deal with this crisis. I think that Katie Porter should be commended  for coming up with another creative and innovative approach for trying  to deal with this.   Every day, we know that the crisis is there, and we have to, at a  Federal level, respond to it. This bill will go very far, in my  opinion, toward responding to that crisis.   Mr. Speaker, I urge everyone to support this bill on both sides of  the aisle, and I yield back the balance of my time.   