 Madam Speaker, I also am from an energy State, and I  want to associate myself with the remarks of Ranking Member Cole as far  as the energy industry is concerned. Quite correct, the hostility of  the Biden administration to American energy was front and center from  day one when the President took the oath of office, and it is only the  last 6 weeks that we have seen the hostility from Putin and Russia, but  the seeds were set for record high energy prices because of the  activities of the Biden administration and the Democratic leadership in  this Congress, quite frankly.   But I am here today to speak about the spending bill that is in front  of us. Halfway through the fiscal year, we finally have the  appropriations bills for the spending for this year, and I am grateful  to see a copy on the Speaker's desk. That is the only copy that I have  seen. Certainly, we didn't have a copy last night in the Rules  Committee.   I am gratified to know that there actually does exist a copy of this  spending bill; but, once again, no Member of the people's House has  really had the opportunity to look at and weigh in on, no ability to  amend last night in the Rules Committee, no ability to really affect  this massive spending bill that is in front of us.   I planned to offer several amendments to improve this bill. The  public health mandates are easing around the country, but the  Department of Transportation still requires patrons to wear masks on  public transportation, on airlines. This could and should be rescinded,  and this was an opportunity to do just that.   As Mr. Cole mentioned, we are experiencing some of the highest gas  prices in over a decade, maybe even in this generation, and no funds in  this bill should be expended to restrict the operation or development  of oil and gas pipelines to get that vitally needed energy out of  places like the Permian Basin to population centers--Dallas, Houston,  Oklahoma City--where they can be consumed or where they can be  liquefied and exported to other countries.   Federal agencies are behind, veterans' services are severely  backlogged. I would have loved to have submitted an amendment to  appropriate some additional dollars, $2 billion, to the Department of  Veterans Affairs so that they could relieve this backlog for our  veterans. And, in fact, the budget neutrality requirements in the  Medicare physician fee schedule could have been waived, and we could  have done so with the excess funds in the Provider Relief Fund and  given our frontline health personnel a little bit of a break from the  fact that they have been on the front lines battling the coronavirus  for 2 years, and what do they get for that effort? A pay cut.    Madam Speaker, the Congressional Budget Office did  provide to the Budget Committee, of which I am also a member, a list of  the top 20 agencies that are overfunded with funds that have been  appropriated over the last 2 years. The totality of those 20 accounts  is $340 billion. There were moneys available. A lot of things that are  in this bill could have been offset if we had simply taken the time to  do it. I will say, since I am a member of the authorizing committee,  going forward our authorizing committees have to do their work. They  have to do the study because we can't expect it to all happen at the  Appropriations Committee at the eleventh hour.   Madam Speaker, I think it is important that people be able to see  where those moneys exist. The results of the study, which was compiled  by the Congressional Budget Office, are contained on a spreadsheet and  can be found at: https://burgess.house.gov/UploadedFiles/COB- UnspentCOVID.pdf.   