 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the  homeland security legislation being considered on the floor today.   Specifically, I would like to acknowledge the two Republican-led  bills.   First, H.R. 4209, the DHS Illicit Cross-Border Tunnel Defense Act  sponsored by my good friend and colleague, the ranking member of the  Subcommittee on Intelligence and Counterterrorism, Representative  Pfluger. This important piece of legislation is critical to addressing  the rampant challenge of illicit cross-border tunnels used by cartels  to traffic people, drugs, and other illicit commodities into the United  States. Make no mistake: we must take action to address the crisis  levels of fentanyl flowing into our communities.   So far this year, Customs and Border Patrol has seized enough  fentanyl to kill 2.4 billion people. Let me say that again. They have  seized enough fentanyl to kill 2.4 billion people, or the entire U.S.  population, seven times over. Enabling frontline law enforcement to  detect and mitigate the use of these tunnels by passing this  legislation is an important step we can take to secure the border.   I would also like to thank my other good friend, the gentleman from  Michigan (Mr. Meijer) who leads the Subcommittee on Oversight,  Management, and Accountability for introducing H.R. 4476, the DHS Trade  and Economic Security Council Act.   The COVID 19 pandemic uncovered many weaknesses in our supply chains.  This first became apparent in the early days of the pandemic when the  United States struggled to get such basic things as personal protective  equipment. More recently, larger issues have surfaced among multiple  industries as they struggle to meet demand due to supply chain issues.  These issues are so large and profound that they very much impact our  national security.  [[Page H4168]]    This measure codifies two recommendations made by the Homeland  Security Advisory Council on how we can strengthen our Nation's  economic security while at the same time combating the growing  influence of China on the United States economy.   I commend my colleague, Representative Meijer, for introducing this  bill, and I am very proud to be a cosponsor of this legislation. As  COVID-19 has galvanized bipartisan concerns about the Nation's economic  security, now is the time to act.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support both of these important  pieces of legislation.   