 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4009 offered by Delegate  Eleanor Holmes Norton, which authorizes the Georgetown African American  Historic Landmark Project and Tour to establish a work on Federal land  in Washington, D.C., to commemorate the enslaved individuals, whose  identities may be known or unknown, who endured the forced voyage  across the Atlantic Ocean to the United States during the Middle  Passage.   This effort is being championed by the Georgetown African American  Historic Landmark Project, a community-based nonprofit organization  dedicated to honoring the enslaved and free African Americans who  worked in, lived in, and built Georgetown.   In 2019, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural  Organization designated the Georgetown waterfront as a site of memory  for historical places associated with slavery.   The bill requires the Georgetown African American Historic Landmark  Project and Tour to follow the standard legal framework established by  the Commemorative Works Act Committee. This is a great effort, and I  applaud Delegate Holmes Norton for her leadership.   Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Arkansas (Mr. Westerman).    Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6353, offered by Representative Wild, would  authorize the National Service Animals Memorial Corporation to create a  commemorative work on Federal land in Washington, D.C., to honor the  heroic acts and sacrifices of service animals and their handlers.   The commemorative work would feature the contributions of animals,  such as heroic service dogs, that have assisted humans for generations  by serving as guides for those with disabilities and supporting law  enforcement, search and rescue, and military personnel.   Some well-known examples of heroic dogs include Cairo, which was part  of the Navy SEAL team that killed Osama bin Laden. H.R. 6353 prohibits  the use of Federal funds to create or maintain this work.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Wild for her work on this  legislation, and I urge adoption of this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6734, the Keep America's  Refuges Operational Act of 2022.   This bill introduced by my colleagues, Mr. Jeffries, Mr. Wittman, and  Mr. Graves, reauthorizes volunteer programs at our national wildlife  refuges.   Specifically, this bill would reauthorize for 5 fiscal years several  U.S. Fish and Wildlife Services programs, including those related to  volunteer services, community partnerships, donations and gifts, and  education projects.   The Fish and Wildlife Services currently utilize volunteers for  tours, restoring the habitat, plant and animal surveys, staffing refuge  stores and visitor centers, and all other activities.   While I believe more work needs to be done to improve our overall  management of our national wildlife refuges, the volunteer activities  that this bill will reauthorize are an effective tool to perform needed  work without increasing costs to taxpayers.   Solutions such as this legislation are especially welcome during  times like these when our national debt continues to balloon, and  inflation continues to soar because of reckless spending pushed forward  by the majority and the current administration.   Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 7618, offered by Representative Brown, would  designate the Kol Israel Foundation Holocaust Museum at Zion Memorial  Park in Bedford Heights, Ohio, a national memorial.   This memorial was dedicated in May 1961 and honors the 6 million Jews  murdered during the Holocaust. It is one of the first Holocaust  commemorative works in the United States, and it is surrounded by walls  with the names of those who died in the Holocaust, along with the  survivors who later passed away.   The memorial also includes the ashes of Jewish martyrs killed by  Nazis from three concentration camps buried at its base.   I hope the Kol Israel Foundation Holocaust Memorial will continue to  bring peace and comfort to the families and the community who lost  loved ones during the Holocaust.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of this bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of S. 2490, the Blackwell School  National Historic Site Act. This legislation, championed in the House  by my friend, Tony Gonzales of Texas, would establish a new unit of the  National Park System to tell the history of this segregated education  in Marfa, Texas.   Although there was no State law that mandated separate schools for  Hispanic students, Texas school districts practiced de facto  segregation through the mid-20th century.   Blackwell School was known originally as the Ward School and later  renamed for its longtime principal, Jesse Blackwell, who arrived at the  school in 1922. During Blackwell's 25-year tenure, the school grew from  one building with 120 students to a multi-building campus with more  than 600 students.   The original historic school building and grounds provide an  authentic setting to the interpretation of history of segregated  schools in Texas.   I commend Mr. Gonzales for his work on this important landmark. He  has been a strong champion for this legislation, including writing  House companion legislation that previously passed this Chamber with  strong bipartisan support.   Madam Seaker, I urge adoption of this bill, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Tony Gonzales).    Madam Speaker, again, I urge the adoption of this bill, and  I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 820, the New Philadelphia  National Historic Site Act, sponsored by Congressman Darin LaHood of  Illinois, which would establish New Philadelphia as a unit of the  National Park System.   New Philadelphia Town Site, located near Barry, Illinois, is the  first known town in the United States to be established and officially  registered by an African American.   The national historic site established by this bill will tell the  inspiring story of ``Free Frank'' McWorter, who founded New  Philadelphia in 1836. He was born into slavery in South Carolina in  1777 and spent the first 42 years of his life enslaved. He worked to  save enough money to purchase the freedom of his expectant wife, Lucy,  and ensuring the freedom of their child. Two years later, he purchased  his own freedom.   The family moved to a pioneer homestead in Illinois, where McWorter  founded a town called New Philadelphia where free-born and formerly  enslaved African Americans lived, alongside European Americans in a  region and an era intense with racial strife.   New Philadelphia was added to the National Register of Historic  Places in 2005 and was designated a National Historic Landmark in 2009.  New Philadelphia is also listed as part of the National Underground  Railroad Network to Freedom.   I commend Representative LaHood for sponsoring this bipartisan and  locally supported bill. New Philadelphia will be a valuable addition to  the National Park System.   Madam Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. LaHood).    Madam Speaker, I urge the adoption of this bill, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4358, the Little Manatee  Wild and Scenic River Act. This bill, sponsored by my colleague from  Florida, Representative Vern Buchanan, would authorize a study of the  Little Manatee River in Florida to consider its inclusion as a  component of the National Wild and Scenic River System.   The Little Manatee River, which has been designated an Outstanding  Florida Water, transitions from a 10- to 20-food-wide creek flowing  through an ash and oak floodplain forest to a 300-foot-wide tide- influenced river flowing through tidal marsh that empties into Tampa  Bay.   The bill contains important provisions protecting private property  rights that ensure that study cannot be used as a justification for new  restrictive management practices unless Congress acts to officially  designate the river as part of the National Wild and Scenic River  System at a future date.   This bill is locally supported, and I commend Representative Buchanan  for his work on this legislation.   Madam Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   