 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman  for leading the Special Order.   Madam Speaker, President Biden is devastating Pennsylvania families.  One year into Joe Biden's Presidency, Pennsylvania voters are concerned  about the highest inflation in over 39 years, decreasing real wages,  and a supply chain in crisis.   Rising prices are causing families in Pennsylvania to shell out an  average of $3,500 extra a year just to maintain their same standard of  living. It is an inflation tax that disproportionately hurts lower  income households.   The supply chain issue fueled by Joe Biden's inaction is affecting  Pennsylvanians in every corner of the State. Even Vice President Kamala  Harris admitted that these crises are ``a big issue for western  Pennsylvania, throughout the Nation, and actually a global issue.''   Madam Speaker, Joe Biden and Pennsylvania Governor Tom Wolf's  policies are wreaking havoc on Pennsylvania families and on families  across America. Their authoritarian mandates have created a labor  shortage that is wreaking havoc on Pennsylvania's economy.   Pennsylvania is in the bottom half of States for the percentage of  lost jobs recovered from the coronavirus pandemic. As of the latest  Pennsylvania State unemployment report released by the Bureau of Labor  Statistics, Pennsylvania's unemployment rate was 5.4 percent. Forty  States have an unemployment rate equal to or lower than Pennsylvania.   December's Consumer Price Index rose by 7 percent compared to last  year. This is the largest annual increase in over 39 years. In the mid- Atlantic region, prices rose by 5.8 percent, and Pennsylvania families  and workers are feeling the squeeze of inflation.   Madam Speaker, Pennsylvania families and families in this great  Nation deserve better, and it is not like better is out of reach. What  I just shared with you are the statistics provided by the government's  own government agencies. It is just an honest evaluation of the failed  policy of the Democrat Members of this Congress and of President Joe  Biden.   Once again, American families and Pennsylvania families deserve  better.   