 Mr. President, the Senate is considering  several of President Biden's picks to sit on the Board of Governors of  the Federal Reserve. I have already voted against two of these  nominees. I believe they all should be voted down by the Senate.   Under its current leadership, the Fed has lost the trust of the  American people and failed to uphold its role as an independent body.   I have been clear about my disapproval of the Fed's policies,  especially its massive and its still-growing balance sheet. Both now  and throughout recent history, the Federal Reserve has been behind the  curve and far too late in taking action to keep America's economy  stable.   Its policies to sustain and grow such a massive disproportionate  growing balance sheet are a perfect example of its failure to properly  manage the economic needs of our Nation.   For years, I have asked--I have urged--Chair Powell and members of  the Federal Open Market Committee to reduce the Fed's unprecedented  balance sheet. Nothing has changed. Month after month, we have watched  the Fed continue to purchase billions in treasuries and mortgage-backed  securities. There is still no plan to wind down and right size the  Fed's balance sheet, which today, sits at nearly 40 percent of GDP.   Before the pandemic in 2019, the Fed's balance sheet assets totaled  just under $4 trillion. Today, it is more than double to nearly $9  trillion dollars. That is more than 10 times the assets the Fed held in  2007, when the balance sheet was under $1 trillion.   The Federal Reserve's massive balance sheet is becoming a massive  problem. When the Fed buys up treasuries and mortgage-backed securities  and holds them like this, it is distorting the credit markets and  allocation of capital, ultimately hurting our poorest families and  Americans on fixed incomes.   And look at how the Fed's policies have made homeownership  unattainable for young people. These policies have helped drive up home  prices, putting the purchase of a home further out of reach for young  families across our Nation.   Now, I will admit that the COVID-19 pandemic presented our Nation  with historic challenges, but the Federal Reserve's overreaction and  then refusal to react to changing economic circumstances over the last  year is unacceptable. The Fed's mismanagement and their management  failures have been especially disastrous during the Biden  administration. Instead of fighting for the interests of American  families, he has chosen to appease the administration hellbent on  reckless, inflation-fueling spending.   It is clear to me that the raging inflation crisis we are seeing  across America is the fault of Joe Biden and Joe Biden alone. But the  Fed's weak appeasement has helped grease the wheels in advancing  Biden's reckless spending agenda.   This isn't just my opinion. The Fed knows this is true. Just weeks  ago, the San Francisco Fed wrote that the spending packages Biden  pushed to allegedly counteract the effects of the pandemic actually  fueled inflation.   I have written letters, held meetings, and had phone calls with Chair  Powell and members of the Federal Open Market Committee to express my  concerns and demand action to shrink the balance sheet. Again, Chair  Powell and the Federal Reserve have chosen to do nothing.   Not one member of the Board of Governors has been able to explain to  me why the balance sheet is so big and what size it should be. At every  turn, when the Fed could have been fighting for American families by  mitigating the long-term risks of its massive balance sheet and telling  the truth about the terrible consequences of reckless government  spending, it, instead, chose to appease Joe Biden, Wall Street, and the  Democrats running Washington, all at the expense of American  families. How does Biden reward the Fed for playing nice with him? By  turning Chair Powell into his inflation scapegoat.    Earlier today, in the Senate Commerce Committee, after I asked the  administration when inflation would come back down, Secretary Raimondo  deflected and blamed Chair Powell and the Fed.   But here is my question: If the Biden administration really believes  the Fed bears responsibility for inflation, why are they renominating  these officials? Why aren't they putting people in who actually can  solve the problem? It makes no sense, but that is the endless blame  game the Biden administration likes to play.   Americans are sick of weak policy in Washington. It is time for the  Federal Reserve to start fighting for real Americans, not Washington  politicians. It is clear that the Fed needs new independent and  courageous leadership to truly address our Nation's economic problems.  Weakness in Fed leadership has produced unsustainable monetary policy  that threatens the long-term economic health of our country. It is the  very thing I have been warning about for months.   It is clear that the current leadership of the Fed just doesn't care.  They don't deserve to hold these seats. They have lost the trust of the  American people, and they should be replaced with individuals who will  actually stand up for American families and protect the American  economy.   I yield the floor.   