 Madam President, over this last weekend, the world saw a  much clearer picture about the atrocities being committed by Russian  forces in Ukraine.   As Russian troops withdrew from certain areas in the north, around  Kyiv, Ukrainian forces are moving into these cities for the first time  in weeks.   In Bucha, a city just north of Kyiv, devastating images showed the  carnage from the Russian occupation. Photos showed burned-out apartment  buildings, bodies lining the streets, and mass graves. It appears that  some of the victims died execution style, with their hands tied behind  their backs.   The world can be under no illusion about Putin's barbarity. Russian  forces have targeted residential neighborhoods, humanitarian evacuation  routes, and even a bread line. The discovery of hundreds of dead  civilians in Bucha underscores the urgent need to hold Putin  accountable for his crimes and to help the Ukrainians defend their  country.   Of course, people around the world have united in condemnation of  Putin's heinous actions, but those statements must be accompanied by  further action. Putin really doesn't care whether we like him or not.  He has his own plans and his own aims.   We need to take additional actions that impose even greater costs on  Russia. Following Russia's unprovoked invasion, the United States and  our allies  [[Page S1925]]  imposed powerful sanctions on Russian businesses and oligarchs and cut  off Russian banks from the global financial system.   The goal, of course, is to make it impossible for Putin to fund his  war machine. And in the beginning, the results were encouraging. In the  immediate aftermath of the invasion, the ruble plummeted to a record  low, but, unfortunately, in the last few weeks, it has slowly  rebounded.   One of the biggest drivers of that stabilization is Russia's sale of  oil and gas. Fortunately, the United States is no longer one of its  customers, and I hope we never will be again.   Our European allies depend on Russian energy to keep the lights on,  but even they are reevaluating their energy dependency and looking for  alternative energy producers. Poland has committed to ending its import  of Russian energy by the end of this year, and I hope more countries  will follow suit. But we can't sit around and just wait for that to  happen. We need to do more to raise the cost of this war, this  unprovoked invasion on Ukraine.   Every day Putin persists, more innocents die. It appears Russia has  found a loophole in some of our current sanctions. The Russian  Federation is buying gold to offset the devaluation of the ruble and  then selling gold on the international markets in exchange for high- value currency. In short, Russia is laundering money through the  international gold markets, and we need to stop it.   That is why a bipartisan group of Senators, including myself, have  introduced the Stop Russian GOLD Act that would bring an end to this  circumvention of our sanctions. This legislation would apply sanctions  to parties who help Russia finance their war by buying and selling this  blood gold.   That means anyone who buys or transports gold from Russia's central  bank holdings would themselves be the target of sanctions--a big  deterrent for anyone considering doing business with Russia.   We need to take every measure possible to cut the financing of  Putin's war machine, and this is one important way to do so.   This is not just a matter of countering Russia or supporting Ukraine,  we must remain clear-eyed in our efforts to do both. We have to do  both. Of course, the ultimate goal is to help Ukraine vanquish Russian  forces entirely. The United States and our allies have already provided  a large quantity of military assets to Ukraine. And there is no  question: These resources have been critical in the Ukrainians success  so far.   But there is no substitution for the will to fight and the leadership  being provided by President Zelenskyy. That, I believe, has been the  difference--and certainly not what Vladimir Putin anticipated.   But as we continue to hear from President Zelenskyy and our partners  in Europe, we know we need to do more, and we need to do it faster. I  know it is easy to think, well, we will just let the supply chains and  the logistic systems work as they always have, but we are not being  bombarded by Russian artillery or being attacked by cruise missiles, as  are the Ukrainians.   Last month, I traveled to Poland and Germany with Senator Ernst and a  bipartisan group of Senate colleagues to hear directly from those who  are most in harm's way.   The primary message we heard was: We need more. We need more  humanitarian aid; we need more weapons; and we need it faster--more  Stingers, more Javelins, more air defenses, more lethal aid, including  the need for aircraft.   I remain somewhat confused and disappointed that the Biden  administration still publicly refuses to transfer MiG-29 aircraft to  Ukraine so that they can use them.   I know it is easy for us to sit back and say, Well, they really don't  know how to use them, or they don't need them, but the fact is  Ukrainian pilots are trained to fly these Russian aircraft--and who are  we to deny President Zelenskyy and the valiant Ukrainians whatever they  think they need in order to do the job?   President Biden explicitly said Putin ``can't remain in power.'' But  then his administration seems to blame something like a simple transfer  of aircraft as too provocative.   This doesn't make any sense. We can't play into Putin's hand by  withholding needed or desired military assets to Ukraine. We in  Congress need to play our part as well to make sure that anything and  everything we can do to help the brave Ukrainians, we are doing. And we  can't move at the speed of the normal bureaucracy.   Every day, Ukrainians are being killed--both the military and  civilians alike--by Putin's war machine. They need help now, not after  the Senate's next work period, not after the Biden administration  succumbs to a public pressure campaign. They need help now.   Unfortunately, Congress doesn't have the authority to insist upon the  transfer of the Polish MiGs, but we can remove some of the redtape that  prevents the timely transfer of other defense articles Ukraine needs.  Mr. Cardin, the senior Senator from Maryland, and I have introduced  bipartisan legislation called Ukraine Democracy Defense Lend-Lease Act  to ensure that Ukrainian forces have the resources they need to win  this fight.   Our bill is rooted in the same principles as the original Lend-Lease  Act in World War II that was largely responsible for supplying Britain  and our other allies the planes, the ammunition, and the weapons they  needed in order to defeat Nazi Germany. President Roosevelt, at the  time, vowed to transform the United States into the arsenal of  democracy, and the Lend-Lease Act was one way we did that.   I think it is important, particularly at this perilous time, for us  to send another strong bipartisan message that we are not just in this  for the short haul, we are in this for the long haul, for however long  it lasts, for however long the Ukrainians are willing to fight to  defend their country against this invasion, and this is one way we can  do it.   This legislation authorizes the President to enter into lend-lease  agreements directly with Ukraine and provide Ukrainian forces with the  lethal weapons needed to defend their sovereignty.   Part of the difficulty of transferring these weapons is the supply  chains and production lines for the weapons that are being used at a  high rate.   What the Lend-Lease Act would do would be to send the message that,  again, we are in this for the long haul, and the manufacturers of these  weapons can be assured that if they are willing to be part of that  arsenal of democracy, they won't be left hanging or left high and dry.   In short, this will also allow us to answer Ukraine's call to provide  more of what they need and get it to them as quickly as possible.   So far, more than 20 Senators from both sides of the aisle have  cosponsored this legislation, and I hope we can pass it and pass it  soon. This is an emergency. We don't have time to dither, and Congress  has the opportunity right now to do more to provide support to Ukraine.   So I say, let's pass this legislation and ensure Ukrainians have what  they need when they need it. It is absolutely critical for the Senate  to pass this legislation, and it doesn't matter which route they take  to the President's desk. They could move as stand-alone bills or as  part of a larger package of bills or as amendments to a bipartisan  piece of legislation that passed the House last month. The actual  vehicle isn't important. What matters is that we get these bills to the  President's desk as soon as possible. Every day that goes by without  action on our part is a day wasted and another day that innocent  Ukrainians are being killed.   To have the best shot at winning this conflict, Ukraine needs two  things: a strong defense and a weak opponent. This week, the Senate has  an opportunity to pass two bipartisan bills that address both of those  efforts, and I hope we will do so this week.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   