 Mr. President, I am here today to address Democrat  leadership's effort to demolish the Senate rules and structure, and  thereby destroy the world's greatest deliberative body. Their ploy  would silence millions of Americans, and it would substantially harm  our Nation.   Abolishing the filibuster would end the Senate's unique role in  American Government, which has kept us on the steady course of becoming  a more perfect union for the past 230 years. This unique role is to  ensure that Federal legislation, covering all 50 States, requires  careful debate and broad support, often reflecting compromise, so that  American policy is durable and lasting.   That way, as the senior Senator from Arizona put it in her courageous  and patriotic remarks last week, we avoid ``wild reversals in Federal  policy'' every few years on the basis of bare majorities, which would  make our government far less effective and our economy far less stable.   Democrats know how integral the filibuster is to American Government.  Democrats have said it themselves. Eliminating the filibuster would  ``be the end of the Senate.'' That is a direct quote from the senior  Senator from Illinois in 2018.   The Democratic leader, before assuming his current position, said  that eliminating the filibuster would ``be a doomsday for democracy.''   And President Biden, when he was Senator Biden, said that to  eliminate the filibuster would be ``the arrogance of power.''  Apparently, he is now suffering from such arrogance.   Until they took control of the Senate last year, most Democrats  passionately advocated for preserving this critical Senate rule. That  is because it enables our representative government to function and  reflect the will of the people.   Indeed, in 2017, when there was a Republican in the Oval Office and a  Republican majority in the Senate, 32 Democrats, including then-Senator  Kamala Harris, signed a letter supporting the filibuster.   During the Trump administration, Democrats routinely used the  filibuster to block Republican legislation, including bills on police  reform, border security, and late-term abortions; important bills that  impacted life, sovereignty, and community safety--certainly, bills that  Republicans wanted to enact.   Yet, when met with the filibuster, Republicans didn't change the  rules on a completely partisan basis. Republicans didn't tear down this  institution in order to score short-term partisan political points, and  Republicans certainly didn't use cheap demagoguery to create a fake  hysteria to justify doing so.   Yet now that Democrats are in the majority, nearly every one of those  32 Democrats has completely reversed himself or herself, with a few  notable exceptions. Why? Because this is about one thing: Power. Doing  the exact same thing is a doomsday for democracy when it is a bill  they oppose, but it is essential to save democracy when it is a bill  they support. It is about power.    There doesn't seem to be a power grab that is too extreme for the  modern left, whether it is abolishing the filibuster, packing the  Supreme Court, or making the District of Columbia a State. There is no  institution that they aren't willing to destroy.   This is shameful because Democrat leaders' past statements show that  they know that destroying the Senate would be disastrous for our  Nation.   Let's call this what it is. It is worse than a solution in search of  a problem. It is a power grab in search of a crisis. In this case, they  had to manufacture a crisis to justify the power grab.   They have been trying to pass this bill for years. Democrat  operatives first introduced a version of this bill on January 24, 2017,  4 days after President Trump was elected to office. It was part of  their scorched-earth policy to challenge the 2016 election results,  clinging to the false claims of Russian collusion. Since then, they  have continued to maniacally, and on a wholly partisan basis, push this  electioneering fantasy.  [[Page S293]]    Even though this bill is about keeping power, they use whatever  justification is most convenient at the moment. In 2017, it was  President Trump and Russia. In 2020, it was the pandemic. And now, it  is the preposterous claim that returning to prepandemic voting  practices is the end of democracy.   This election takeover would impose taxpayer-funded campaigns. It  prohibits overwhelmingly popular, commonsense State voter ID laws. What  does nullifying voter ID laws and handing out taxpayer-funded campaign  dollars have to do with voting rights?   Last night, the senior Senator from Virginia pointed out that  Republicans have always led the way on voting rights. So why not now?  Because this bill isn't about protecting voting rights. It is about  protecting politicians. This isn't the 14th Amendment. It is Washington  Democrats' 14th attempt to take over elections in all 50 States for the  third different reason in the last several years.   Americans want laws that make it easy to vote and hard to cheat. Such  laws currently exist throughout the country. That is why we had  recordbreaking voter participation in 2020, including in my home State  of Tennessee.   So ask yourself: With more Americans voting in the last election than  ever before, why is this Democrats' top priority? Why are they willing  to destroy the Senate to do it? What is the real reason they are  focusing on this made-up crisis, while ignoring actual crises of  inflation, falling real wages, soaring energy prices, supply chain  crises, a collapsed southern border, the collapse of Afghanistan, and  increased authoritarian aggression around the world--real problems that  actually affect the American people?   Democrat leaders have tuned out those concerns. They are taking no  action to address them. Think about it. Our country has the highest  inflation rate in 40 years, and the Senate Banking Committee, which has  jurisdiction over our Nation's monetary policy, has not held a single  hearing examining this topic since it began in 2021.   To avoid those issues, they have created a fake crisis to take over  elections--a desperate attempt at self-preservation because Americans  are rejecting their agenda. That is the real reason Democrats are  pushing this. It is about protecting the power of politicians here in  Washington.   Elections should be determined by the voters, not by the politicians.   Last week, President Biden traveled to Georgia to demonize all  Americans who don't submit to this hyperpartisan political agenda. He  ranted that Americans who support the constitutional system of free,  fair, and locally run elections are somehow bigots.   In support of this scheme, the Democrat leader offers the talking  point that State legislatures don't have filibuster rules so why should  the U.S. Senate?   The answer to this is obvious: because Federal legislation governs  all 50 States, as opposed to State legislation that just affects one  State. It requires broader support, more than a bare majority in a 50- 50 Senate.   This is the greatest Nation on Earth, and the Senate is its compass.  This isn't the Democrat leaders' political play thing.   Ensuring broad support for Federal laws, which ensures American  stability, is the very purpose of the U.S. Senate. Sadly, this election  power grab is just the start. With the filibuster gone, Democrats would  be free to enact mass amnesty, pack the Supreme Court, pack the Senate,  punish law enforcement officers, and much, much more.   It was my hope, coming into this new year, that the Senate would  refocus on what we were elected to do: Listen to the American people  and address their concerns. Yet the recent rhetoric of Democrat  leadership has dispelled any such optimism.   The American people deserve a government that acknowledges their  concerns and works tirelessly and constructively to address them. The  serious problems we face as a nation demand it.   Americans want us to do our jobs. Abolishing the Senate's rules that  guarantee debate and compromise would be ``the end of the Senate,'' as  the senior Senator from Illinois put it. It would do irreparable harm  to the fabric of our government and to the cohesion of our Nation.   I hope my colleagues find the strength and the courage to maintain  their previous, longstanding support for preserving the Senate's role.  I hope they reject this cynical move to steamroll half of its Members  and the voters they represent.   