 Mr. President, I have two words for you today: ``crack  pipes''--crack pipes, not crackpots.   Many of us went to bed last night, others waking up this morning, and  heads are exploding across this Nation as we learn that this  administration is giving crack pipes to crackheads. I think when the  history books are written about this President and 2020 through 2024,  that will be the picture right next to the President's name--a picture  of crack pipes being given out by this administration.   I want to come back to that in a second, though.   I have a picture of my dad today and our dog Rennie. My dad and our  family--my mom, an older brother, younger sister--moved off the family  farm when I was 5. My dad was a proud, proud police officer. I remember  the day in kindergarten when my dad and our family dog Rennie came to  visit and what a proud moment it was for me. In 3 years, my dad was  head of the fire department, and 2 years after that, he became the  chief of police. My dad was the chief of police in El Dorado, KS, for  some 25 years.   My dad represented law in the community. He represented right from  wrong, and he applied that law equally. There was never a gray area for  my dad. I remember having dinner at my grandma's house one Sunday  evening and the phone ringing. We didn't have pagers. We didn't have  cell phones.   All I remember, my dad was saying: Stand down.   My grandma looked at us and said: You guys better hug your dad  goodbye.   I said: Grandma, what do you mean?   She said: He may not come back.   It was a familiar story of a domestic violence, of a drunk husband  with his wife on the front porch. There was always a 12-gauge shotgun.  It was never a 16-gauge or a 20; it was always a 12-gauge shotgun. My  dad was the person who would go and disarm that person. It happened way  too often.   But I just tell that story as we reminisce because we know how  important law enforcement officers are to all of us.   I remember, you know, you sit around and you listen while you are  making homemade ice cream, and people asked my dad questions about  crime. I think of those crack pipes and my dad always saying that drugs  and crime go hand in hand like peanut butter and jelly--the more drug  abuse there is, the more crimes there were in the community.   I remember somebody asking him why would the police officers be so  strict about petty crimes. Maybe it was a little vandalism. Maybe it  was a broken window. Maybe it was graffiti. I remember my dad talking  about, you have to set an example, that if you allow people to  vandalize, if you allow people to do graffiti, if you allow people to  break windows, it is just a cascade of bigger crimes.   I finished up some townhalls this past weekend--15 townhalls in the  past 2 weeks--and what Americans are concerned about are inflation and  crime. This is what Americans--Kansans--are telling me that they are  seeing every night on their television sets. They are seeing 2 million  people--maybe 6 million people--cross our border illegally, and they  see this administration reward them with an all-expenses-paid vacation  trip to any city in America.    America has seen riots and vandalism on television, and this  administration and this party applaud them. Every night, we see looting  and shoplifting, but this administration says: Don't prosecute.   Last year, America saw 5 tons of fentanyl cross the border illegally,  cross our southern border--five tons. Think of five big semitrucks  loaded with a ton--that is 2,000 pounds--of fentanyl. I remind  everybody that 1 teaspoon of fentanyl can kill 2,000 to 3,000  Americans.   We are seeing our law enforcement officers being told to turn their  backs on violent crimes, to not chase the bad guys. America sees this  White House and their party turn their backs on law enforcement  officers.   Again, I go back to my dad. I remember it was probably around 2014,  and my dad and I were fishing, as we often do together, probably  crappie fishing on a farm pond in the Flint Hills of Kansas, my  favorite place to be. My dad said to me: You know, Son, I don't think  this President has the back of our law enforcement officers any more.   As I visit with those law enforcement officers every time I am back-- and I appreciate them coming to my townhalls and having my back--I can  tell you, the law enforcement officers across this country do not feel  like they are being supported by this White House.   As I think about an America of today versus growing up, I do think  there has been a decay in our culture, and this ``defund the police''  movement from the radical left made that culture even weaker. We have  members of this squad wanting to close Federal prisons. They encourage  open borders. They want illegals to use arrest warrants to get through  the TSA. Of course, they want criminals to get off the hook. There is  this culture of lawlessness.   Again, I go back to my generation of ``If it feels good, do it.'' I  remember that saying for the first time from some song, I believe, from  the early 1970s, ``If it feels good, do it,'' and that is the way this  country is acting right now. What is the result? We see crowds chanting  ``Pigs in a blanket, fry `em [up] like bacon.''   ``Pigs in a blanket, fry `em [up] like bacon.''   The next time one of those houses is burning down that one of those  people lives in, I wonder who they are going to call. If they are  stranded in a motor vehicle accident, who is going to be the first one  on the scene? Again, I go back to thinking about my dad and him  carrying out one of my classmates in second grade from a fire.  Unfortunately, my classmate didn't make it.   Three hundred forty-six law enforcement officers were shot in 2021.  Seventy-three were intentional. Twenty-four were shot last month--a 40- percent increase. Ambush-style attacks increased 115 percent. We have  never seen a crimewave like this across our Nation--not since the early  1990s, anyway. The United States recently saw the fastest increase in  murder rates ever recorded. Violent crimes spiked. Fourteen major,  Democratic-run cities are setting alltime highs for homicide records.  The numbers continue to go up.   As I think about advice for this administration, I know if they had  the will, they could fix this problem. I know exactly what my dad would  tell them. He would say: Treat criminals like criminals. Treat police  officers, law enforcement officers, like heroes. Tell them thanks.  Reward them. Respect them.   It is time to re-fund the police, folks. It is time to secure the  border. Let's hold criminals accountable.   It was a rare day, but I do remember my dad talking at the supper  table about someone they worked so hard to convict, and a judge or DA  let them off easy. We need to prosecute the smallest of crimes.   We need an Attorney General. Where is our Attorney General? Where is  he? In the middle of this crime spree, where is our Attorney General?  He needs to be tough on crime instead of labeling parents as ``domestic  terrorists.''   Simply, America, it is time to get back to our values--the same  values my dad raised us on. It is time to, like my dad did, apply the  law equally.   I yield the floor.   