 Mr. President, reserving the right to object.    This nominee received a tie vote in the Senate Foreign  Relations Committee, meaning that he failed to be reported favorably to  the floor. This tie vote indicates that the Senate Foreign Relations  Committee Republicans have significant concerns with this nominee;  therefore, he should be discharged per the process laid out in the  Senate power-sharing agreement for this Congress, not passed by  unanimous consent. Therefore, I object.    Mr. President.    Reserving the right to object, USAID awarded a $200  million grant for a 10-year viral emergence early warning project known  as PREDICT.   We have uncovered evidence of possible embezzlement, possible money  laundering, and insider threats, as well as other concerns related to  the PREDICT and other USAID grant awards.   PREDICT was led by a consortium spearheaded by UC Davis and EcoHealth  Alliance, which funneled taxpayer dollars to the Wuhan Institute of  Virology to conduct risky research on potential pandemic pathogens,  including bat coronavirus research.   USAID and NIH both awarded multimillion dollar grants to EcoHealth  Alliance during the same 5-year period leading up to and immediately  preceding the COVID-19 outbreak.   EcoHealth is unable to produce to NIH proof of its research, such as  lab notebooks and virus samples, so we are simply asking USAID for  proof of the EcoHealth research they funded. We requested records from  USAID that grant recipients are legally required to maintain. Our  requests are, indeed, fact-based.   At this point, we believe either the USAID staff is withholding the  records from Congress or they have failed to access them through the UC  Davis and EcoHealth Alliance. Either option is unacceptable. As such, I  object to the unanimous consent motion but look forward to working with  the chairman to address these issues.    Mr. President.    Unfortunately, the documents were not what we asked  for. They are incomplete. They don't give us what we are looking for.  But we would welcome the opportunity to sit down with the chairman and  try to address--    Not that I am aware of.   