 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, yesterday, President Zelenskyy made a passionate plea  to the United States and all free nations to stand with the brave  people of Ukraine against Putin's deadly ambitions and heartbreaking  genocide.   After showing gut-wrenching footage of Ukrainian cities torn apart by  missiles and machine guns, he said to be the leader of the world means  to be the leader of peace.   Today, Madam Speaker, we have the opportunity to lead, and I thank  Chairman Neal for his great leadership and work on this bipartisan  provision.   After bipartisan public pressure from lawmakers in Congress in both  parties, President Biden announced his support for suspending Russia's  special trade status. We are taking that action with today's bill.   I was proud to have helped lead this bipartisan effort in the House  Ways and Means Committee and the Senate Finance Committee. Both parties  in Congress came together quickly, working in good faith on a  bipartisan and bicameral agreement to immediately ban purchases of  Russian energy and suspend our trading relationship with Russia and  Belarus.   We don't take these steps lightly, but Russia's aggression requires  this approach.   Russia will no longer enjoy the same special trade status with  America as the country it is invading, so it will no longer be able to  sell made-in-Russia products in the United States at lower tariffs.   Combined with the energy import ban Congress passed last week, which  targets 60 percent of what Russia sells us, this provision targets the  remaining 40 percent, hurting Russia's economy and cutting off funding  for its war effort.   Said another way, American dollars will no longer fund Russia's war  machine. This is another step in the right direction and includes  further incentives for Russia to end its aggression.   This bill includes tough conditions to be met for restoring Russia's  trade status, including Russian action to end hostilities, protecting  the freedom and sovereignty of Ukraine, and ensuring the end of  Russia's aggression.   The same tough conditions apply if the President seeks to end the  energy import ban, and I plan to work with colleagues in the Senate to  achieve that.   Going forward, we must continue to work closely with our allies to  increase  [[Page H3805]]  pressure on Russia and ensure this is an effective global effort.  Neighboring Canada has also taken serious action to do both of these,  and other nations have announced their intentions to do the same.   Unfortunately, the administration's executive orders and the bill we  are voting on today both fail to soften the impact of the oil ban by  replacing Russian oil with made-in-America energy.   We have seen the highest year-over-year increase in wholesale prices  ever recorded. Nearly half the price increases in goods come from the  rise in the price of gasoline over the past year.   Nothing in this bill creates access to more American-made energy on-  and offshore, nor does it approve American pipelines that could easily  replace Russian oil with U.S. and Canadian energy, or accelerate  approval for delayed permits for American export facilities to help the  world wean themselves from the grip of dirty Russian energy.   There is still yet more Congress can do. I would like to see Congress  sanction Russian energy companies so they can't continue to profit and  fuel the war machine.   It is also time for Congress to unleash America's own ability to be  energy independent, replace Russian oil with American sources, and use  our energy strengths to wean the world from Russian energy.   Finally, I want to make it clear to my colleagues: This bipartisan  and bicameral agreement applies only to the suspension of normal trade  relations with Russia. I do not support the inclusion of the Democrats'  Foreign Affairs Committee's Global Magnitsky Act in this bill, which  includes changes to the original statute that I believe are  unnecessarily vague and could lead to future abuses.    I understand this expanded language may have been included in a  temporary executive order by the previous administration to address  human rights, but I don't believe it is warranted in a permanent  expansion of this law. I am confident there are Senators who share my  concerns, and I strongly urge them to remove that provision for future  vetting.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I am proud to yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from west Texas (Mr. Arrington).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Nebraska (Mr. Smith), the Republican leader of the Trade Subcommittee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Arkansas (Mr. Crawford).    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Indiana (Mrs. Spartz), the first Ukrainian-born Member of the United  States Congress.    Madam Speaker, I am proud to yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Kansas (Mr. Estes).    Madam Speaker, I am proud to yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. Rice), the Republican leader of the  Oversight Subcommittee.    Madam Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 15  seconds.    Madam Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the  gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Grothman).    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, as the Bible tells us, to whom much is given, much is  required. Every American hearing and watching President Zelenskyy  yesterday had to understand so much more is required of us to end this  war in Ukraine and to aid the Ukrainian people in their victory over  Russia.   This bill takes an important step to defund American revenue that  would fund the Russian war machine. It takes an important bipartisan  step forward to make sure that Russian products don't enter into the  U.S. with the same treatment as the invaded country, as Ukraine's  products come into the United States.   Madam Speaker, I am proud to have worked with Chairman Neal, our  Democrat colleagues, and the House and Senate on this measure. I know  more must be done to provide lethal aid to Ukraine to continue to  expand and strengthen economic sanctions; to bring our allies together;  to make sure, in my view, that America takes the necessary steps to  replace Russian oil with the cleanest made-in-America energy, oil, and  gas here in the United States as well.   But as Congresswoman Victoria Spartz, a Ukrainian-born Member of  Congress, said, this step today is crucial in our defense of Ukraine,  the Ukrainian people, and democracy in the world.   Madam Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote on this bill, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   