 Mr. President, I come to the floor again today to stand  with the people of Ukraine.   What Russia is doing to Ukraine and its citizens is an atrocity.  Ukraine is an American ally and an independent and democratic country  of 41 million people who simply want to live in peace.   The Russian invasion is an illegal, unprovoked, and brutal assault  that, over the past 19 days since the full-scale invasion began, has  targeted and killed thousands of civilians. Americans have seen this  atrocity in realtime with horrific videos online or on our television  screens.   The videos and photos have sometimes been shocking. Remember the one  of the woman who was on a stretcher, pregnant, leaving the maternity  hospital that had been bombed by the Russians. We now learned that that  woman and her baby have died. Today we learned that more journalists  have been killed, including an American journalist, a FOX News  cameraperson.   I just returned last night from a bipartisan congressional delegation  trip to Poland, neighboring Ukraine. I was joined on that trip by  Senator Klobuchar, Senator Wicker, and Senator Blumenthal. I see  Senator Wicker is here on the floor. Senator Blumenthal is also here.  Senator Klobuchar has a conflict. She wanted to be here, but she is  going to be submitting her statement for the record to join us tonight.   We had a very emotional trip because we talked to a lot of the  refugees coming out of Ukraine, talked about the incredible trauma they  are going through. We also got some very sobering briefings when we  were over there from our own team but also from the Polish Government,  from people who were helping the refugees.   It is a very difficult situation. Poland is doing what they can to  help their  [[Page S1184]]  neighbor. They have a special bond with Ukraine, and they are doing a  lot. In fact, most of the nearly 2 million refugees who have fled  Ukraine because of this invasion and the brutal attacks have come to  Poland, where they have been met with open hearts and open homes.  Literally, people in Poland are opening up their homes to these  refugees. We were at the border, where some of these Polish families  have come to welcome Ukrainians into their apartments, into their  homes.   In addition to briefings from our U.S. Embassy team in Poland; the  U.S. Embassy team from Ukraine, who is now in Poland; the U.S. military  in Poland; and the Polish Government, we did go down to the border  between Ukraine and Poland to meet with the border officials from  Poland, U.S. and Polish international relief organizations, and, of  course, with the refugees themselves who were streaming across the  border.   Roughly, 100 refugees every minute are leaving Ukraine. It was  heartbreaking to hear their stories. You can imagine. We spoke to them  at the border crossing but also a couple miles away at what is called  the reception center, a convention center that has been converted into  a place where thousands of refugees can come, get a good night's sleep,  maybe stay for a few days or even a few weeks, find food, find  healthcare, find mental health treatment.   Most of this, by the way, has been donated. The Polish people have  donated bed sheets and blankets and quilts. We worked there as  volunteers with what is called the World Central Kitchen, something  actually a Washington, DC, chef, Jose Andres, has set up at natural  disaster areas to help feed people. He is now doing this on the border  with Ukraine and in Ukraine. In fact, he has about 20 different World  Central Kitchens set up. This one was at this reception center being  used by refugee families who need to find some comfort and food, as  they have made a long trek, in many cases, across Ukraine to get there.   There are also lots of displaced people in Ukraine itself, and those  people are being helped by the same group, this World Central Kitchen.  I thank them. I thank all the volunteers who give them support and help  so that they can lend a hand at these reception centers and help these  refugees along their way.   I also thank so many other volunteers we saw there from every  organization: Catholic relief organizations, other faith-based  organizations, the World Health Organization, and others.   We were at the border only about 6 hours after the Russian missiles  had attacked and killed at least 35 and wounded more than 130 at a  Ukrainian training center just 15 miles away. The border guards said  they had felt the Earth tremble when the bombing attack occurred,  again, just several hours before we got there.   This was the first Russian attack so close to the western border with  Europe and so close to a NATO ally, a potentially dangerous new phase  of the Russian assault.   We met refugees there from all over the country, the vast majority of  whom were mothers with their children, sometimes grandmothers with  their grandchildren. Men between 18 and 60 are required to stay and  fight, so we heard some really tough stories about families being split  apart and moms and wives and sisters wondering whether their sons and  husbands and brothers who were in harm's way were still alive.    Some refugees had traveled by bus, some by foot, some on trains. Some  had come over Ukraine for several days. They told of heart-wrenching  stories of their homes being destroyed, of friends and family being  wounded by the indiscriminate Russian bombing of civilian areas. They  had backpacks or small suitcases; that is it. They had to travel and  travel quickly and travel light. They left everything else behind,  including, again, in some cases, family members.   Some, again, had been traveling for several days. One family we met  from the eastern part of Ukraine said it had been over 2 weeks. Some  who lived close to the border had only made the difficult decision to  leave their homes that very morning after the bombing of the training  center 15 miles away. Refugees spoke with tears in their eyes about the  pain of leaving their homeland, and all the families I spoke with said  they want to go back when it is safe.   Many said they appreciated what America had done, but just about  every single refugee we talked to asked that the United States of  America and other countries around the world do more particularly to  stop the deadly bombing of civilian targets and the senseless  destructions of their towns and cities.   In particular, they begged us to close the skies, as they said: Keep  us from getting bombarded. Stop the carnage. They were very proud of  the courage of the Ukrainian soldiers--they are patriots--and, of  course, of the citizen soldiers, sometimes including their own family  who have stepped forward. They were proud of the bravery and leadership  of President Zelenskyy.   But consistent with what we have heard from the military experts on  the trip and what many of us have heard directly from President  Zelenskyy, these families, these refugees--the grandmothers, the  mothers--said the ability to provide better air cover with more and  better ways to protect them is what they really want.   What President Zelenskyy and others have said is better anti-air  systems, better ways to protect against missile attacks, anti-missile  systems, drones, airplanes--that that is the single most important  thing we can do to save lives and give Ukrainian military fighters, the  civilian soldiers we talked about--professional soldiers--give them a  chance, give them a fighting chance.   Other countries on the frontlines also need to know we are with them,  especially our NATO allies, because they are nervous, as you can  imagine. While in Poland, we met with hundreds of 82nd Airborne troops  who have come to Poland in the past couple of weeks, along with some  troops from other NATO countries. We have gone from about 5,000 U.S.  troops in Poland to about 10,000 troops over the past couple weeks, and  the Polish Government and the Polish people are deeply appreciative.  They believe that this it is a deterrent to Russia making an even  bigger mistake and coming into their country.   We received extensive briefings from the Polish Government but also  from the 82nd Airborne, and we were able to join troops for dinner to  hear directly from them. I was fortunate there were a lot of Ohioans  there, and hearing from them made me very, very proud that they were  willing to step forward and serve their country in this way.   We listened carefully to everybody. We listened to the refugees,  listened to the humanitarian aid workers, listened to the U.S.  diplomats, to the military experts, as well as the Polish military  officials. There were differences of opinion, to be sure, on some of  the specifics but actually broad agreement on the ongoing role the  United States can play.   Based on what we learned, the following steps should be taken  immediately. First, on the military side, we have got to redouble our  efforts to provide Ukraine with the equipment and the munitions they  need and, where necessary, the immediate training to provide the air  defenses they need to give them better capability--defense and offense.   Whether to facilitate providing more MiG-29s from Poland or not has  been hotly debated in this past week. In my view, we should have done  it when it got that initial green light from part of this Biden  administration because the Ukrainians asked for them, and I don't  believe they are any more escalatory, certainly, than the escalation  the Russians are engaged in virtually every day and what we have done  and continue to do on other weapon transfers. So we should have done it  immediately and quietly. But the administration seems to have dug in on  this for now, and it has become too much of a public debate. I would  hope that at least they would facilitate spare parts and other  assistance to keep the current Ukrainian planes flying.   Perhaps more promising is to immediately help Ukraine bolster its  anti-air systems. The United States can and should facilitate the  transfer of Soviet-era anti-aircraft and anti-missile systems so the  Ukrainians know how to operate them. And there are a number of regional  partners that have this equipment.    Without going into detail, this should also include extra munitions  to replenish existing anti-air batteries  [[Page S1185]]  that the Ukrainians have. In conjunction with transferring anti-air  systems and aircraft, we need to continue to provide Stingers and  enhancements to them.   All can be useful in shooting down the Russian fighters and the  missiles that are raining bombs on innocent Ukraine civilians and  causing so much needless death and destruction. We must find ways to  quickly provide Ukraine with more armed drones, such as the Turkish  TB2, which the Ukrainians know how to use and have been devastatingly  effective on the battlefield already.   Especially now that Congress has passed the omnibus spending bill  with a bump-up for defense and specific additional security systems for  Ukraine and higher drawdown authority for the President, there can be  no excuse for a gap in the flow of arms to Ukraine. We want to be sure  that this is seamless. As we complete one tranche of help to Ukraine,  there cannot be a gap before we do another. We must move more quickly.  Ukraine needs this help. It is a matter of hours and days, not a matter  of weeks or months.   In addition to the items mentioned above, this also means more anti- tank Javelin missiles but also small arms, munitions, body armor,  communications equipment, anti-tank, mining, anti-ship weapons, and  more so the brave Ukrainian soldiers can continue to protect their  country and their citizens.   Before I talk about the second part of this, which is the  humanitarian side of this effort, I would like to ask my colleagues,  whom I see are here on the floor with me, if they have any comments  particularly about what Ukraine needs right now in terms of military  assistance to be able to be effective or other comments that they might  have.    The gentleman will yield.    Madam President, first I want to say that I appreciate  my colleagues being on the floor tonight and their really moving  statements about the crisis in Ukraine and the atrocities that are  being committed there.   And I think what you did tonight is you added a lot of texture and  perspective to the resolution that just passed this body by a unanimous  vote. Nobody objected. We are now on record here in this body with a  strong statement of support for Ukraine and strong opposition to the  atrocities being committed and our commitment to do more.   So, again, I appreciated being with you in Poland, and I appreciated  your coming to the floor tonight.   I am going to pick up where I had left off and talk a little more  about what we can do because that is the real question that faces us  here in the U.S. Senate.   We talked a lot about military assistance tonight, and we, again, I  think, had a consensus among us as to what we need to do to help the  Ukrainians  [[Page S1189]]  protect themselves, particularly from the aerial assault that they are  under.   I know we also have another colleague who couldn't be here on the  floor because of scheduling concerns, as I said earlier, Senator  Klobuchar, but she will be making a statement for the record that will  go along with our statements tonight. I look forward to seeing that.   The four of us got in at about midnight last night, and we come back  with a heavy heart but also lots of advice for our government as to how  we can do more.   On the humanitarian side, the United States has got a key role to  play as well, not just on military assistance but on ensuring that  people who are fleeing this conflict and people internally displaced  have the help they need.   We support our European partners who have opened their homes, as I  said earlier, and their borders to Ukrainian refugees. In fact, they  have provided a 3-year visa, in essence, to Ukrainians in the European  Union and permission to work, and this is, I think, a strong signal of  the special relationship that the countries of the EU feel toward  Ukraine, which I hope someday will be a member of the European Union,  as do they.   Congress just passed some immediate help for Ukraine. It was in  legislation called the Omnibus appropriations bill a few days ago. That  will help AID here in the United States and other organizations around  the world be able to help with these refugees and help those Ukrainians  who are trapped in cities under siege. To me this is the No. 1 priority  right now.   Cities like Mariupol--you probably read that people have been without  food and water for days--for days. There was a child--a girl,  apparently--who died of dehydration recently, and others are going to  be finding themselves in an impossible situation, not knowing where  their next meal may come from. So we need to help them, particularly in  these cities in the east and the south of the country that are under  such terrible siege and being surrounded.   This is an unprecedented humanitarian disaster, and it is being  caused by Vladimir Putin's attack on Ukraine--Vladimir Putin's war and  Russia's war. The actions that they have undertaken have created the  largest movement of refugees in Europe since World War II. That is  already. By the way, I favor seizing, rather than freezing, the assets  of Kremlin officials and oligarchs and then providing those proceeds to  the refugees. Doesn't that make sense?   So when a billionaire has his assets frozen, it is one thing; but  when they are seized, as some countries have done--France, Germany--the  United States needs to step up and do that as well. We should be  leading on this, not following. That is another thing that we can do to  help get proceeds to help with the humanitarian efforts.   But I also have a message tonight to those Russian officials and to  the Russian commanders on the ground, which is that you have a choice  to make. You can stop this atrocity. You can refuse the orders to kill  innocent civilians. You can stop this atrocity that has already taken  the lives of thousands of civilians--men, women and children, your  neighbors--your neighbors--some with family connections to Russia, who  want nothing more than just to live in peace. You can stop this  atrocity. Disobey the orders. The world is watching, and the war crimes  are being recorded. You have a choice.   On sanctions: We talked a little bit about this earlier tonight, but  we need more and faster sanctions. We need to remove all Russian banks  from their access to the global financial system. Russia must be  financially cut off from the rest of the world, or it won't work. We  have already seen the pain that we can inflict using a portion of our  sanction authority. We need to do more.   We need to exert maximum pressure to ensure no money can be sent to  Russia to fund the war effort. This is one reason it was so important  that we finally stopped the importation of Russian oil and gas. Why  would we want to send $40- or $50 million a day, which we were sending  to Russia to be used for the war machine.   But we can implement full blocking sanctions on all Russian banks,  and we can ensure that energy transactions are not exempt from these  sanctions. That is very important, because right now there are some  exemptions for energy.   Russia should not use its oil profits to kill innocent Ukrainians.  That should be our principle. We should not allow money to flow down  like water in cracks in the pavement. We should pass legislation to  ensure that these funds stop--and not by June 24, which is in the  sanctions that the administration has put forward, but now--blocking  sanctions now, not for the energy sector transactions on June 24. That  is too long.   I think we should move ahead with legislation to cut off most- favored-nation treatment. This is the permanent trade relationship with  Russia we granted back in 2012, bringing them into the World Trade  Organization. Access to the U.S. market is a privilege, not a right.  And we should not only ensure that we are not giving Russia that  privilege of access to our markets--lower tariffs of all kinds of  products, including oil and gas--but also that other countries of the  world follow suit. That way it would be much more effective.   But I would like to go beyond most-favored-nation treatment tonight  and suggest that we also suspend our tax treaty with Russia. Why would  we want to have a tax treaty that provides tax benefits to Russian  businesses? Again, our principle there could be no tax breaks for  invaders. That would make more sense.   We also need to sanction the Russian energy sector with currency and  blocking sanctions, as I said, right now--not June 24. I know this is  more difficult on the Europeans who are more dependent on Russia for  energy, but there are many steps the United States can take to help  expand energy production here at home and help our allies abroad.   I met with someone today who is trying to set up LNG terminals in  places like Germany and also Ireland and other countries to bring  liquefied natural gas to Europe. We have plenty of natural gas in this  country. We are blessed with it. We should use it to help our allies.    Finally, I would like to advocate for a similar approach to how we  designated Iranian entities in 2018, when we left the JCPOA. We did not  issue sanctions or waivers to European companies that continued to do  business with Iran's economy. We forced those companies to leave Iran's  market, even at the displeasure of some of those governments. The  bottom line: It can't be business as usual.   There is a popular Ukrainian national rallying cry, ``Slava  Ukraini!'' When translated into English, it means ``Glory to Ukraine.''  ``Slava Ukraini.''   There is a response to that rallying cry, which is ``Glory to the  Heroes.'' ``Heroiam Slava.'' So ``Slava Ukraini'' and in response,  ``Heroiam Slava.''   And even in these dark times, there are many heroes. While we heard  firsthand about the worst of humanity represented by the brutal  bombings of civilian targets, we also saw the best of humanity at work.  And we saw acts of kindness and generosity: Polish border guards  helping carry suitcases of mothers who were overwhelmed as they carried  young children in their arms, fleeing from the only home they have ever  known; volunteers at the reception center where they provided  healthcare and lodging and served thousands of meals a day to  frightened and bewildered families who were waiting to move on to homes  that generous Poles, Germans, and others in the EU had opened up for  them.   In the midst of this atrocity, there are so many heroes to glorify in  Ukraine. Yes, glory to the heroes: the brave border guards on Snake  Island; the grandmother bravely walking up to Russian soldiers and  handing them sunflower seeds, saying: If you don't leave, this is so  that something beautiful will grow on your grave; the courageous  President of Ukraine who when asked by western countries if they could  help him escape, responded simply: ``I need ammunition, not a ride.''   ``I need ammunition, not a ride.''   President Zelenskyy's bravery and resilience has been an inspiration  to Ukrainians and freedom-loving people everywhere. Tomorrow, he will  be here virtually in a joint session of Congress to talk to all of us,  and I look forward to it.  [[Page S1190]]    Glory to the everyday heroes who are caring for the wounded, feeding  desperate families huddling in basements and subway stations, glory to  the professional soldiers and citizens alike who have taken up arms and  are putting their lives on the line to defend their beloved homeland in  the cause of freedom, against great odds. Glory to the heroes. Heroiam  Slava. Godspeed to them in their battle for a free and independent  Ukraine.   Some may ask--and some of my colleagues here have asked me: Why does  a Senator from Ohio get involved in Ukraine? Why do you care? Well,  tens of thousands of Ukrainian Americans call Ohio home, as do hundreds  of thousands of others who trace their family to that part of the  world; and it is an honor to represent them and their values.   I stood together with a thousand fellow Ohioans at a prayer service  and rallied for Ukraine 2 weeks ago in Parma, OH, just outside of  Cleveland. We prayed for family and friends in Ukraine who are in  harm's way. We prayed for the courageous Ukrainian troops and asked for  God's wisdom and blessing on the duly elected Government of Ukraine  and, of course, for the protection of President Zelenskyy.   Ohioans like Andy Futey and Marta Liscynesky are rallying support  across our State and coordinating efforts to provide humanitarian  relief to those in need in Ukraine and in neighboring European  countries. They are heading up through the United Ukrainian  Organizations of Ohio a fund called the Fund to Aid Ukraine. I  contributed to it. They do great work.   Two weeks ago, Sunday, I was honored to speak at an emotional rally  in Washington, DC, much like the one in Parma, OH, only larger. Again,  many Ohioans were there. And this past weekend on the border between  Ukraine and Poland, Ohioans were there volunteering.    But even if I didn't have a single constituent of Ukrainian descent,  I would be standing shoulder to shoulder with the people of Ukraine  because this fight is our fight. This is where, in our generation at  this time, all freedom-loving people are called to defend what we hold  dear.   Eight years ago, Ukrainians made a choice. They stood up to a corrupt  Russian-backed government. They stood up for freedom, for free markets,  for peace and prosperity, and for the rule of law. They looked to  America, and they looked to the EU. They chose freedom over tyranny.  They chose a democracy over an authoritarian regime. I was there in  2014, right after the Heavenly Hundred who stood up to the corrupt  Russian-backed government were killed in what was called the Euromaidan  or the Revolution of Dignity. I saw firsthand then the commitment the  people of Ukraine had to freedom and independence, to charting their  own course.   Right now, those friends in Ukraine need our help. We cannot let this  call to action go unanswered. We cannot sit by and watch as innocent  civilians are brutally killed.   America and our allies must stand up for freedom, and the world is  watching. Our friends are watching. Our adversaries are watching. We  must show them that America stands with Ukraine.   I yield the floor.   