 Mr. Speaker, Trista and Chris Hamsmith lived every  parents' worst nightmare when their 18-month-old daughter, Reese,  swallowed a button battery from the back of a remote control. It went  undetected for a couple of days before an x-ray revealed that the  battery was lodged in her esophagus. It burned a hole in her esophagus.   By the time the doctors dislodged the battery, it had gone so long,  and the unique nature of these batteries, it had done irreparable harm  and, eventually, unfortunately, led to her death.   But like a strong west Texas woman, and a mom on a mission, Trista  prayerfully set out to make sure that other families would not have to  experience this horrible tragedy. She started Reese's Purpose, a  nonprofit aimed at raising awareness of the dangers of button batteries  and advocating for strong safety measures.   While I am an ardent limited-government and less-regulation guy, it  was evident to me, and thanks to Trista's diligence, quite frankly,  that these button batteries were uniquely dangerous. They would burn  holes in kids' stomachs or their esophagi and cause major complications  and even death.   And the cases where children were ingesting these batteries were  growing exponentially; 8,000 in 2020. During COVID, we saw a 93 percent  uptick in kids going to the emergency room having ingested these  batteries.   I was convinced it needed appropriate immediate action, and I spoke  to the Commissioner of the Consumer Products Safety Commission. They  agreed it was a serious safety risk; but they said it would take 3 to 5  years for the rulemaking process.   That is when I connected with my colleague, Robin Kelly. We  introduced this bipartisan legislation that we affectionately refer to  as Reese's Law, which would require the CPSC to put enhanced safety  standards, including packaging, warning labels, and the like.   I am glad we are voting on this. I am proud of Trista and her family.   I encourage my colleagues to vote ``yes;'' send it to the Senate,  where they can act swiftly to do the same.   Mr. Speaker, I am so proud to represent west Texas, the most  kindhearted and compassionate people, and I am especially honored to be  a small part of Reese's Purpose and partner with such a strong,  persistent, and loving mom in Trista Hamsmith, who I now call Trista  ``the Hammer'' Hamsmith.   God bless America. God bless these children. I hope we can save some  lives.   And go west Texas.   