 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, the Senate has finally taken action, and now we move  forward on our bill to answer President Zelenskyy's passionate plea to  the United States and all free nations to stand with the brave people  of Ukraine against Putin's deadly ambitions and heartbreaking genocide.   Putin's onslaught has been relentless. Beautiful town squares have  been leveled, children have been killed, and families have been abused.  The bill we sent to the President today will stop American dollars from  funding Russia's bloodletting.   Today, Mr. Speaker, we are leading, and I thank Chairman Neal for his  great leadership and his work on this bipartisan provision to suspend  Russia's special trade status.   I was proud to have helped lead this bipartisan effort of the House  Ways and Means and Senate Finance Committees. Both parties in Congress  came together and worked in good faith on a bipartisan, bicameral  agreement to immediately ban purchases of Russian energy and suspend  our trading relationship with Russia and Belarus.   We don't take these steps lightly, but Russia's aggression requires  this approach. Russia will no longer enjoy the same special trade  status with America as the country it is invading so that it will no  longer be able to sell made-in-Russia products into the United States  at lower tariffs.   Combined with the energy import ban which targets 60 percent of what  Russia sells us, this provision targets the remaining 40 percent,  hurting Russia's economy and cutting off funding for its war effort.  Said another way, American dollars will no longer fund Russia's war  machine. This is another step in the right direction and includes  further incentives for Russia to end its aggression.   This bill, by the way, includes tough but clear conditions to be met  for restoring Russia's trade status--the same conditions as we are  requiring to reverse the import ban on Russian energy products.   Going forward, we must continue to work closely with our allies to  increase pressure on Russia and ensure this is an effective, global  effort.   Neighboring Canada has also taken serious action to do both of these,  and other nations have announced their intentions to do the same.   Finally, I am glad this bill no longer includes controversial changes  to the Global Magnitsky Act sanctions authority. Instead, this bill  merely includes a straight extension of the current Global Magnitsky  authority.   Mr. Speaker, I am thankful that the Senate shared our concerns and  removed that provision, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Nebraska (Mr. Smith), who is the Republican leader of the Trade  Subcommittee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   This bill has overwhelming support. It is time to act now.   Mr. Speaker, I urge passage, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I join with Chairman Neal in urging the House to take  the final legislative step to ending the flow of American dollars  toward Russian oil that acts as a treasury for Russia's war machine.   Soon, President Biden will have on his desk a bill that demonstrates  we stand with the people of Ukraine.   As Chairman Neal pointed out, the Ukrainian people have been waiting.  The action we take today is long overdue but just as necessary.   Since we first debated this bill, the horrors of Putin's war in  Ukraine have been on display for the world to see. Today, we will make  sure American dollars will no longer fund Russia's war machine by  blocking all Russian energy imports.   The bill also strengthens the sanctions by ensuring that before the  ban can be lifted, Russia must meet three clear criteria: withdraws its  forces from Ukraine; poses no immediate military threat of aggression  to NATO; and recognizes the right of the people of Ukraine to  independently and freely choose their own government.   This is an important, bipartisan victory. There is still more we can  do and should do.   We should turn toward unleashing America's own ability to be energy  independent, replace Russian oil with American sources, and use our  energy strengths to wean the world from Russian energy.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr.  Smith), the Republican leader of the Subcommittee on Trade.    Mr. Speaker, I strongly support this great bipartisan work  from the House. I thank Chairman Neal and the Ways and Means Democrats  for working together with us and the Senate Finance Committee. I urge  strong passage in the House.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   