 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman Takano for yielding.   I rise today in support of my bipartisan legislation, H.R. 7277, the  Improving Oversight of Veterans Community Care Providers Act.   This legislation will help ensure that the Department of Veterans  Affairs does a better job overseeing its Community Care Program, which  many veterans in my State of New Hampshire and all across the country  rely on to access high-quality care in their communities.   When veterans visit a community healthcare provider, they should be  assured, at a minimum, that the provider has a medical license and is  eligible to do business with the Federal Government. Unfortunately, as  a December 2021 GAO report detailed, this has not always been the case.   GAO identified approximately 1,600 community care providers who were  deceased, ineligible to work with the Federal Government, or who had  revoked or suspended medical licenses at the time of the review.   That is 1,600 physicians and other healthcare providers who failed to  meet some of the program's most basic requirements. This poses a  potential threat to veteran health and well-being, and risks wasting  tax dollars on inappropriate medical charges. My legislation will  strengthen oversight of these community care providers.   Now, to VA's credit, the Department has updated several data systems  to improve the credentialing process and to continuously monitor the  eligibility of providers. But progress has been too slow, and this  legislation is needed to hold the Department fully accountable.   This bill will require VA to implement a detailed plan with required  milestones for identifying healthcare providers who are no longer  eligible to participate in the Community Care Program.   Under the plan, VA will automatically check whether providers are  designated as ineligible on other critical lists managed by the  Department of Health and Human Services and CMMS.   VA will also be required to analyze the efficacy of allowing  community care providers to self-certify their eligibility to  participate in the program. We need VA to adopt a more complete method  for credentialing providers that has ample checks and balances.   I thank Ranking Member Tracey Mann for working with me on this  bipartisan legislation, which has also been endorsed by VFW, the  American Legion, and Disabled American Veterans.   Once enacted, it will give much-needed protection to veterans to  ensure they have high-quality healthcare they earned through their  service to our Nation, without fear that they may be receiving care  from an ineligible provider. So I urge all colleagues to support this  legislation today.   