 Madam President, Eastern Kentucky is reeling, reeling  from some of the worst flooding in our State's history. The area is  still experiencing rainfall today. This horrible, tragic crisis is far  from over.   In Jackson, waters reached 43-\1/2\ feet high, breaking an 83-year- old record. Drone footage shows whole towns completely submerged.  Roadways have turned into rivers. Rising waters have reached rooftops.  Across more than a dozen counties, severe rainstorms have created  crisis conditions. Water rose too quickly for many to react, with  tragic consequences.   The Governor has confirmed that, so far, 35 people have lost their  lives amid flash floods, including children, and I think that number is  likely to rise in the coming days. Even the families who were lucky  enough to get out unscathed have lost homes, businesses, and heirlooms.  In many communities, the waterlogged destruction is absolute.   Eastern Kentucky is well known for its steep hilltops, rolling  forests, and deep hollers. Those features, which make the region one of  the most unique in the country, also create complications for emergency  personnel.  [[Page S3794]]  Our heroic first responders, including the National Guard from Kentucky  and surrounding States, are working overtime to find and recover  stranded residents. They have rescued more than 1,400 individuals since  floodwaters hit. Nearly half of the rescues were by air.   Late last week, I joined with every member of Kentucky's  congressional delegation to support the Governor's request to the  President for a major disaster declaration to give our first responders  Federal help. President Biden issued that declaration promptly, and  resources are already flowing into the Commonwealth to assist local  emergency personnel. The President called me the other day, as well as  Secretary Mayorkas and FEMA Director Criswell. We are deeply grateful  to them all for their speedy action.    Director Criswell traveled to Kentucky last week and has been on the  ground assisting with recovery efforts directly. My staff in  Southeastern Kentucky are in close touch with local officials in the  area, providing all the help we can. I will visit the affected  communities myself in the coming days to meet with constituents and  offer support.   Unthinkably painful stories continue to come to us out of Eastern  Kentucky. However, we have also heard moving reminders of Kentuckians'  selflessness. Last December, the city of Mayfield, in the western part  of Kentucky, was devastated by tornadoes. The town lost its fire  station in that storm. But despite their own challenges, last week, the  Mayfield Fire Department filled an ambulance with equipment and rushed  to Eastern Kentucky to aid relief efforts. They didn't have to think  twice before helping fellow Kentuckians.   We saw generosity all across the affected region. Residents with  boats, jet skis, and kayaks put their own lives at risk to rescue their  neighbors. Schools, churches, parks, and businesses opened their doors  to displaced families. As one resident put it over the weekend, no  matter what, Eastern Kentuckians ``help each other.''   So I am monitoring the situation closely and doing all I can to  assist. Kentucky leaders on both sides of the political aisle are  working together to coordinate further Federal aid. I am thankful to  everyone who sprang into action to help with the rescue efforts,  whether they were professional first responders or just Good  Samaritans.   And I am thankful for the help our State has already received from  FEMA. Their continued assistance will be vital for rebuilding in the  months ahead. Eastern Kentucky has been devastated by these floods. Our  recovery process will take months and, in some places, literally years.  But I know we will bounce back. Kentucky has faced challenges before,  and we always, always overcome.   