 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, here we are, back in the Nation's Capital,  after having had the opportunity to spend a few weeks back home. While  it is still hot in Texas at this time of year--so it is nice to get a  little bit of respite back here--we certainly have a lot of work cut  out for us, but it is always helpful to me to sort of compare what  people are focused on here in Washington, DC, with what folks back home  care about the most. It is actually the best way to get some feedback  on how we can do our jobs more effectively in representing the people  we represent--in my case, the 29 million people who call Texas home.   Also, people are not shy about expressing their views on what we have  done and even about offering some input on things we are considering  doing.   For example, in Corpus Christi, which is on the gulf coast of Texas,  I spoke with industry at the Port of Corpus Christi about the untapped  potential of hydrogen energy.   In Round Rock, which is just outside of Austin, I sat down with a  number of sexual assault survivors, prosecutors, and medical  professionals to talk about the need to train more sexual assault nurse  examiners, which is a highly specialized form of nursing, to make sure  that not only people who are sexually assaulted are compassionately  cared for but also that the evidence that is necessary to convict their  assailants is selected in a way that is admissible in court.   In Austin, I met with the Texas Association of Counties. We have 254  counties in Texas. Some of them, like in Loving County, have more  cattle than people. But it is great to meet or to be able to connect  with all of the elected representatives at the local level of our  counties in one place and to hear what is on their minds--certainly  everything from broadband development/deployment, particularly in the  rural parts of our State, and disaster relief for places like Dallas,  which experienced 13 inches of rain in 1 day and massive flooding.   In the Rio Grande Valley, close to the border, in Pharr, TX, I got a  chance to see how their local police department is partnering with  local mental health providers to respond to individuals who commit  offenses--maybe because they are going through mental health crises-- and how to train the officers to address those in a way that don't  escalate that crisis and potentially cause harm to them as well as to  the individual who is causing or is experiencing that crisis. It really  is impressive to see a relatively small town like Pharr, TX, really  leading the way when it comes to compassionate and effective policing  and in providing our law enforcement officials, who are not necessarily  trained mental health workers, the additional resources and training  they need in order to respond effectively to those situations.   Those are just a few examples of the sorts of folks I got to catch up  with over the last few weeks, and I am obviously always grateful to  those who share their input and ideas with me. Those conversations and  that input are vital to our work here in the Senate because they shed  light on the problems our neighbors in our communities are facing,  which isn't necessarily the coin of the realm here in Washington, DC,  where politics and spin infuse everything.   For example, folks almost universally--particularly small business  folks--told me about the strain of the labor shortage on their  businesses. If you go to a restaurant in Texas, it may be that they are  only operating on fewer hours or fewer tables because they, frankly,  can't get the workforce they need to come back and help work at those  places.   They are obviously all very concerned about the impact of the  spending that we have been doing here in Washington, DC--some necessary  and some unnecessary, in my opinion--and its impact on inflation and on  family budgets, where they have seen their standard of living reduced  because of the inflationary pressures on almost everything, from  gasoline to groceries to housing--you name it.   They are also very concerned about high energy prices. I know there  has been some talk about the reduction in the price of gasoline. That  is primarily a feature of reduced demand because, frankly, people have  to make choices about how to spend the money they would ordinarily put  in the tank and how to do it selectively--whether to go on a family  vacation or to stay at home. It certainly hasn't been because of any  increase in supply as a result of our domestic energy policies by the  Biden administration.   Then I heard a lot about people's concerns about crime, particularly  of the fentanyl crisis that we are experiencing here in America, where  108,000 Americans died of drug overdoses last year alone. About 60  percent of those were from synthetic opioids--from fentanyl--the  precursors of which usually come from Asia, mainly China, to Mexico and  then across the southern border.    Then, of course, there is the ongoing Biden border crisis as a result  of the open border policies of the Biden administration. There are 2.3  million migrants who have been encountered along the border just since  President Biden has taken office. Because of the catch-and-release  policies associated with asylum seekers, even those people who  ultimately will not be able to qualify for asylum, which is roughly 85  to 90 percent of the people who claim it, will have melted into the  great American landscape. They may be given a notice to appear for a  future court hearing, but because of the backlog of the immigration  courts, we are talking years down the line.   These are just some of the things that I am hearing about from my  constituents, and these are chronic problems for which, frankly, they  do not see an appropriate and adequate response coming from Washington  to address the very real impact on their everyday lives: what they can  afford to buy at the grocery store; how safe their communities are;  whether they feel safe while walking around their neighborhoods or  sending their children out to play; whether the family will travel to  see relatives for the holidays or whether they will have to stay home  in order to save money to put food on the table. Those are not the  problems that our Democratic colleagues--or the majority here in the  Senate--seem to be focused on like a laser.   When I travel to Texas from Washington, it often feels like I am  visiting a parallel universe. You get here, and things don't seem that  odd at first. The scenery is different, but the same problems Texans  talk about are on display.   You read headlines about the border crisis. You see that the Mayor of  Washington, DC, is complaining and claiming there is a humanitarian  crisis because, although it claims to be a sanctuary city, when  Governor Abbott or Governor Ducey from Arizona provides transportation  to these sanctuary cities, all of a sudden, the border crisis that we  have been living with for a year and a half now seems very real.   It is nice to see some folks in other parts of the country  experiencing what my constituents in border communities have been  experiencing for a long time now, together with the additional expense  associated with things like deploying the National Guard to back up the  Border Patrol and Customs and Border Protection, all at Texas taxpayer  expense--something that is uniquely a Federal responsibility, but when  the Biden administration refuses to do its job, it falls to the people  who live in those communities along the border and in those States to  try to do the best they can.   Despite the fact that our Democratic colleagues are reading the same  headlines about crime, drug overdoses, inflation, and the border and  despite the headlines here reflecting those concerns, our colleagues  here in the Senate and in the White House have chosen to ignore them  pretty much altogether. Our friends across the aisle have controlled  the Senate now for a year and a half, as well as the House and the  White House. They have the power to set any agenda that they see fit.  They don't have to ask our permission or for our consent, and they  certainly have had every opportunity to do so.   What I have noticed and what my constituents have commented on  frequently is this parallel universe in  [[Page S4423]]  Washington, DC, where the Democrats aren't using the power they have to  address the problems working families are facing. They have chosen to  focus on a completely different set of issues.   For example, let's look at the recent reckless tax-and-spending bill.  Our Democratic colleagues, although we have worked together  constructively on bipartisan legislation, in this case decided to pass  a partisan bill to spend $740 billion strictly along partisan lines.  All of this money and the tax increases that go along with it won't  address the biggest problems families are facing anytime soon. In fact,  they are likely to make the problems even worse.   At a time when many people are struggling to pay for gasoline for  their cars, our Democratic colleagues decided to give well-to-do people  who can afford $80,000 electric vehicles a taxpayer handout of about  $7,500 at the expense of the working families who can't afford to buy  an electric vehicle of their own at any price.   This ensures that gas prices will climb even higher. This bill will  revive the old Superfund tax on American energy production. It will  guarantee families will face higher electricity prices this winter by  slapping a new methane tax on energy producers. And that is all just  the climate portion of the reckless tax-and-spending bill.   Our colleagues decided that it was the smart thing to do to supersize  the Internal Revenue Service and giving it even more manpower to  invariably audit middle-class America and small businesses. And then  they have doled massive handouts to some of their key constituencies  like labor unions.   They have chosen to impose socialist price controls on prescription  drugs, which will stifle medical innovation and prevent new, lifesaving  cures from being discovered. And perhaps worst of all, they raised  taxes on the middle class.   I know President Biden promised, and promised time and time again, to  never raise taxes on anyone earning less than $400,000 a year, and our  Democratic colleagues still claim that this bill makes good on that  promise. But that is simply not consistent with the facts. It is not  true. The nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation has confirmed it.   The JCT found that taxpayers making far less than $400,000 at some  point get walloped by higher prices. That includes people making  between $30,000 and $40,000 a year. You can read it yourself, the  distributional tables, at the Joint Committee on Taxation website.   We know that inflation is outpacing wage growth, which means that  workers already are receiving a silent pay cut or silent tax, thanks to  overspending here on things that, frankly, are not priorities. And many  of those same workers are going to pay even more in Federal taxes.   But perhaps the most insulting part of this reckless tax-and-spending  bill that our Democratic colleagues decided to pass unilaterally was  they chose to call it the Inflation Reduction Act. Leading economic  experts say this bill won't do a thing to address inflation, certainly,  in the near term. In fact, over the next couple of years, they predict  inflation is likely to get slightly worse.   But that is how things work in this parallel universe known as  Washington, DC: Democrats see that families are being battered by  inflation, but they don't actually pass legislation that will help. Our  colleagues just want to use the plight to come up with a sympathetic  title for a radical, partisan bill, and they are happy to stick middle- class Americans with the check.   The icing on the cake came a couple of weeks ago after this bill  became law, when President Biden made an Executive decision to cancel  half a trillion dollars in student loans. Any family knows, you can't  just cancel debt. There is no magic wand that will make it disappear.  Every dollar that was borrowed will eventually have to be paid back by  someone, but President Biden has just shifted the burden on whom that  someone will be. Now the middle-class taxpayers are on the hook yet  once again.   Under President Biden's proposal, it doesn't matter if a person took  out loans and repaid them already; in other words, did what they said  they would do by repaying the money that they had borrowed. Whether  they worked their way through school, whether they held two or three  jobs, or chose not to attend college at all, their tax dollars will pay  for someone else's college debt.   My point is there is a remarkable divide between what Washington  Democrats are trying to accomplish and the problems middle-class  families are actually facing. Families are struggling to put food on  the table, and our Democratic colleagues are spending hundreds of  billions of dollars on climate initiatives.   This reminds me of a few years ago, a social movement by the so- called Yellow Jackets--a mosaic of French working-class people who felt  disenfranchised from the urban elite who, as they said, ``can focus on  the end of the world, while we're worrying about the end of the  month.'' That is what average working families in Texas and across the  country are concerned about: How do we get to the end of the month with  enough money to put food on the table and gas in the tank?   Workers can't afford a full tank of gas, and Democrats are forcing  them to subsidize electric vehicles for the wealthy. People are worried  about how much their electricity bills will cost this winter, and  Democrats imposed a new tax that will send those costs even higher.  These policies aren't going to make life better for the middle class  anytime soon. They aren't going to help families or businesses that are  trying to create jobs and opportunities for their communities. And it  certainly isn't going to bring our economy roaring back to life.   The fact of the matter is, since Democrats took control of the  government more than a year and a half ago, Texans' lives have gotten  harder, not easier. Inflation has skyrocketed, wages have fallen, our  economy fell into a recession, and the border is on fire. And our  colleagues--certainly, the Biden administration--don't seem to care. In  fact, they seem to block out the concerns of middle-class Americans so  they can pursue an ideological agenda like there is no tomorrow.   When I am home in Texas, folks talk about the problems workers and  families are facing every day. They don't want to send taxpayer  handouts to wealthy people buying electric vehicles or help subsidize  labor unions or payoff someone else's loans. The sooner our Democratic  colleagues realize that, the better off we will all be. But then again,  maybe it is going to take an election this November.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   