 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Oklahoma for  yielding.   Madam Speaker, last month, the House passed the COMPETES Act, better  known as the concedes act, which was forced through this Chamber in a  partisan fashion and lacked the policies needed to truly bolster our  scientific infrastructure and combat threats from our foreign  adversaries.   The hard work and the bipartisan collaboration of the Science, Space,  and Technology Committee were left in the wake of partisan politics.   The House-passed concedes act let China off the hook very simply for  failing to contain COVID-19. It failed to ban funding to CCP-tied  organizations. It failed to punish the CCP for its blatant human rights  abuses. It failed to strengthen America's competitive edge over China.   Today, we have the opportunity to instruct conferees to bolster the  language and actually stand up against Communist China.   That is why I support this motion to instruct. It will ensure that no  entities identified as Chinese military companies operating in the  United States are eligible to receive funds through the new technology  directorate, the supply chain resiliency program that we set up through  Manufacturing Extension Partnership.   We must put a stop to Communist China spreading misinformation,  stealing our technology, and bolstering its economic advantages while  weakening ours. The FBI and intelligence agencies have continually  warned Congress about these same threats from Communist China.   China's investment in development, and not in basic research, implies  that they are building their technological success on the backs of  U.S.-funded basic research.   We have even seen the infiltration of Chinese influence in our  university systems and academia on several different occasions at the  top institutions of America. We must work to ensure that China cannot  undermine our open system of research and development.   This time, let's support scientific discovery, advance American  technology, and hold our foreign adversaries accountable, and let's not  waste the American people's time again.   