 Mr. President, every year in schools around our country,  students are taught about the Declaration of Independence. This  remarkable document outlines the ideals on which the United States was  founded and the principles on which our government and our very  identity as Americans are based.   Perhaps the best known and most quoted line from the Declaration is  that line about all being endowed by their Creator with certain  unalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit  of happiness.   From our earliest days--when such a concept truly was revolutionary-- to the present day, as Americans, we believe in the dignity and value  of every human person. This is an ideal that we should always aspire  to. And in the spirit of that conviction, I believe that our Nation has  a moral responsibility to protect unborn children--to protect life.    Through amazing advances in science, families and medical  professionals now know that at 15 weeks, a baby can feel pain; a baby  can move fully formed fingers and toes; a baby has a fully developed  heart, pumping 26 quarts of blood per day.   Despite what these advances in modern science tell us, the current  abortion policy in the United States is more in line with communist  China and North Korea. We are only one of seven countries around the  world that allow abortion to take place past the point at which a baby  can feel pain in the womb--one of seven countries in the world. Some  Americans might be surprised to learn that even in progressive Europe,  47 out of 50 countries have limits on abortion after 15 weeks.   Yet the legislation before the U.S. Senate would block States from  protecting the unborn and enshrine late-term abortion into our Federal  law. Going beyond codifying Roe v. Wade, this sweeping legislation  would strike down commonsense, broadly supported laws that many States  have adopted since that decision, including laws meant to protect the  health and safety of mothers. This bill does nothing to protect the  health and safety of women, and it would certainly not protect the  unborn. And it would make these sweeping changes contrary to the wishes  of the majority of Americans.   In fact, recent polling found that 61 percent of Americans say  abortion should be either illegal or that the policy decisions  associated with abortion should be left up to the States.   So I would urge my colleagues to vote against this bill, given our  increased knowledge and understanding of how babies develop, given our  understanding of the science. This is simply the wrong direction to  take public policy.   I also want to take a moment and acknowledge that the issue of  abortion is a very tough one for so many Americans, and, given recent  developments, this is a topic on the minds of many Hoosiers and many  Americans. I understand that. I want to reiterate my commitment to  helping mothers and families choose life and supporting them in that  choice. We must ensure mothers and unborn children are cared for,  loved, and supported, and this includes increasing the resources  available to help women facing unexpected pregnancies. We must support  America's 2,700 pregnancy centers that provide vital services to  millions of people each year at virtually no cost as well as provide  more support for adoptive services.   These steps are vital as we seek to further promote a culture that  promotes values and protects life. Now, let's remember and live up to  that founding American ideal. We believe in the dignity and value of  every human person.   