 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise this morning to recognize and  congratulate the Coffeyville Community College Red Ravens men's  basketball team on winning the 2021 National Junior College Athletic  Association Division 1 men's basketball championship. Kansas has an  unparalleled history of college athletes, and I am proud to recognize  the Coffeyville Red Ravens' contribution to our State's many  accomplishments.   On April 24, 2021, the Coffeyville Red Ravens brought home their  first national championship trophy in nearly six decades. As an  underdog in the national tournament with a No. 10 ranking, this  accomplishment is a result of hard work, determination, and grit.  During the championship game, freshman center Blaise Keita had a career  high of 27 points, and Tylor Perry scored 18 points. Additionally,  Blaise, Tylor, and Love Bettis were named to the All-Tournament team.   The honorable achievements of these players have earned rightful  recognition for their commitment to excellence in college athletics.  Athletics teach young men and women many valuable skills that serve  them throughout their lives.   These lessons and this team's accomplishment were not possible  without the leadership of Head Coach Jay Herkelman, who has been an  instrumental member of the Red Ravens men's basketball program for  nearly three decades. As a coach who has shown dedication to his  players and his team, he has earned the title of the Kansas Basketball  Coaches Association's ``Coach of the Year'' five times. Furthermore,  congratulations to Coach Herkelman, who is only 1 win away from  reaching the remarkable milestone of 700 wins with the Red Ravens.   I am pleased to have introduced a resolution with Congressman  LaTurner and Senator Marshall on behalf of these dedicated student  athletes, coaches, team, and school, and to have had it unanimously  pass the U.S. Senate last week.   Thank you to the players, the coaches, and the staff of the  Coffeyville Community College Red Ravens men's basketball team for  bringing this win home.   Congratulations to all in Southeast Kansas, South Central Kansas,  those who are students, those who are faculty, and those who lead this  college. We are proud of their success.   The Coffeyville community has much to take pride in this strong  program, and I look forward to their continued success.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   