 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, there has been a lot of noise about  canceling student debt. That has been going on for quite a few months,  but it seems to have taken on a new life here within the last week to  10 days. That whole talk is worse than closing the barn door after the  horse has escaped; it is like buying a new horse but leaving the barn  door open. If all student debt was gone tomorrow, we would be right  back where we started when this whole new crop of students graduate.   Last month, the administration unilaterally extended all the pause on  paying back student loans for all borrowers until the end of August,  regardless of need. It doesn't matter that all Americans are back to  work now, if they want to be back to work. It doesn't matter if the  borrower is making six figures and can afford to pay off their loans.   The latest extension will bring the cost of this student loan payment  pause up to about $150 billion. Just to put that $150 billion in  context, the entire Department of Education budget for this year is  about half of that amount at $80 billion.   Higher education advocates have been calling for the doubling of the  Pell grant. That is the program that targets aid to those with the most  financial need. It is a noble goal to double the Pell grant; but, of  course, Congress needs to find the money somewhere to do just that.   Now, instead, the Biden administration is spending billions of  dollars to allow high earners with graduate degrees to not pay their  loans with no say from the Congress of the United States. And you know  the President of the United States has been debating for months--maybe  starting at the beginning of his term--did he really have the authority  to do it. He has expressed the opinion, at least on the $50,000 figure,  that he didn't figure he had the authority to do it. I question whether  he has that authority at all.   If you want to help those who owe more in student loans than they can  afford to pay, we need to fix the student loan program on the front  end. In other words, we need to change the incentives and give colleges  a reason to bring down tuition. Right now, a high school student  looking at college is often in the dark about what they will end up  paying to attend college and to get that degree. It is no wonder that  prices rise when students don't know even what those prices are. And  students are encouraged, of course, to borrow the maximum even if they  don't need that maximum, because that is what the Federal law requires.   So in response to this problem about a Federal policy encouraging  students to go into more debt than they need to get their degree and  also about the rising tuition costs because colleges think they can  raise their tuition at will because the Federal Government is going to  come in and help the student, I have introduced three bipartisan bills  to give students the information they need to make the choice that  works best for them. My bills would make it easier for students to see  how much each college would cost, what aid they are going to be  getting, and what their average salary versus student loan payments  would be. The answer isn't to cancel student debt only after students  have gotten in well over their heads, it  [[Page S2235]]  is to stop them from getting into that situation in the very first  place. And it certainly wouldn't be done unilaterally from the White  House with no say from this Congress on the $150 billion program.   Now, even worse, the benefits of just canceling or pausing student  debt are mainly going to those at the top of the income range.  Graduates with the most debt also tend to be those with the longest  degrees and they are now doctors or lawyers. These people, doctors and  lawyers, might have plenty of debt now, but people with graduate  degrees are also much more likely to have a higher salary and much  higher lifetime earnings.   Are the two-thirds of the Americans without college degrees somehow  less deserving of a free $10,000 or $50,000 in canceled debt than  doctors or lawyers? And what about those people that have already paid  off their loans? Are they going to bear the costs of people that  borrowed too much when this is forgiven at the $10,000 or $50,000  level?   I am sure many Iowans would be happy to have their car loans or  mortgages paid off. Is there any thought about what this can lead to?  It is pretty clear. Canceling debt is not a solution. Instead, I have  been glad to see many of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle join  my bills to prevent excess student debt in the very first place.   We need to help students by giving them the information they need to  find the best college for their needs at a cost they can afford.  Otherwise, forgiving student debt is a slippery slope to a lot of other  interests wanting debt forgiveness.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   