 Madam Speaker, Representatives Perry and Biggs speaking  the truth here today.   Madam Speaker, listen to these words: ``Sense of desperation and  disappointment may lead to more of an incentive to become violent.  Congress itself is the target. There has been a worrisome call for  protestors to come to these events armed, and there is a possibility  that protestors may be inclined to become violent. Propensity to  attract white supremacists, militia members, and others who actively  promote violence may lead to a significantly dangerous situation for  law enforcement and the general public alike.''    These words are taken directly from the intelligence assessment on  January 3. So why didn't they request the National Guard? Why were the  Capitol Police so ill-prepared?   A couple of months ago, I had the opportunity to question then-D.C.  National Guard Commander, General Walker. Now he is the House Sergeant  at Arms.   I asked General Walker, I said, ``General, if the National Guard  would have been on our Nation's Capitol on January 4 as the  intelligence called for, would January 6 have ever happened?'' And he  said no.   And I agree, General, I agree.   Capitol Police leadership had the intelligence days and weeks in  advance and did nothing with it. They let it happen, folks. The Capitol  Police leadership team failed, and this sham committee continues to  give them a pass.   These hearings are clearly not about finding the truth. They are a  sad attempt to put the blame on Donald Trump. This committee--make no  mistake--this committee doesn't want to see Donald Trump as the  Republican nominee in 2024 because they can't beat him.   Never in the history of Congress has the majority party used their  power to smear, destroy, and intimidate the minority party ahead of an  election so brazenly on a public stage. They know they can't win  elections fairly, so they will use every dirty trick in the book and  try to cheat their way to a win. But the American people know better.  They can see through this political theater and their voices will be  heard at the polls in November of this year and in 2024.   