 Madam President, reserving the right to object to the  request from the Senator from Idaho, it is my understanding that the  Senator's modification would not include provisions that were included  in the House-passed legislation that modifies the global Magnitsky  sanction regime.   I just would like to speak for a moment, if I might. There is no  question that we stand with the people of Ukraine against the  unprovoked attack by Mr. Putin. We are inspired every day by the  courage of the Ukrainian people and by their inspirational leader,  President Zelenskyy.   The United States has shown leadership, and I congratulate the Biden  administration. We have led the free world in providing defensive  lethal weapons to Ukraine to defend itself. We have provided  humanitarian assistance, joining the global community, including  dealing with 3 million Ukrainians that are now refugees in other  countries and 10 million that have been displaced as a result of Mr.  Putin's unprovoked attack.   And we have led on sanctions. We have led in getting the global unity  to impose sanctions against not just the Russian sectors, but also  against individuals. And when Mr. Zelenskyy spoke before the Members of  Congress, he specifically mentioned the importance of these sanctions;  and he asked us to expand those covered by the sanctions to include the  enablers, those that are enabling Mr. Putin--the oligarchs--to be able  to fund his aggression against Ukraine.   So what did the House send over to us? In their bill, they sent over  a global Magnitsky modification. It is identical to legislation that  was filed by Senator Portman and myself that included the revocation of  PNTR for Russia, along with the global Magnitsky. First and foremost,  it removes the sunset that is in the legislation that would sunset this  year.   Mr. Zelenskyy asked for us to be resolved in being willing to stand  up to Mr. Putin, that it would take some time. A clear message is that  we remove the sunset on the global Magnitsky statute. And we know how  difficult it is to get legislation passed in this body.   It also expands the global Magnitsky to include the enablers--exactly  what Mr. Zelenskyy asked us to do--those that enabled--the oligarchs  that allowed him to be able to finance this. The language that is  included in here is very similar to the language that was included in  President Trump's Executive order. This is critical legislation.   Now, let me just tell you how appropriate it is that it is included  in a PNTR bill--because the first Magnitsky sanction bill--and Senator  Wyden was very important in getting this done--was included in the  original PNTR bill for Russia, and we were able to get it done at that  time.   We then made it a global Magnitsky, and my partner on that was the  late Senator McCain. It has always been bipartisan. My partner now is  Senator Wicker. The two of us have joined forces to make sure we get it  done now. It is critically important in order to impose banking  restrictions on those that are targeted under the global Magnitsky, as  well as visa restrictions on being able to travel.   How important is it? Ask Mr. Usmanov, who is one of the principal  oligarchs to Mr. Putin, who solves Mr. Putin's business problems. Guess  how he solves those problems? Well, his yacht has now been confiscated  in Germany. That is how important these sanctions are and how we  have to move them forward.    So, if I understand my colleague's request, it would deny the  opportunity for us to act on the global Magnitsky, which Mr. Zelenskyy  has specifically asked us to do. We would lose that opportunity. We  would be sending this bill back to the House that is not in session,  which means there will be a further delay in repealing PNTR for Russia,  which is something we need to do now, today. We can get it to the  President for signature today under the majority leader's request.   And as the majority leader has indicated, I support the energy ban--I  support the Russian energy ban. President Biden has already taken steps  to do that. And I agree with my colleague from Idaho. I would like to  incorporate that in statute, but there is no urgency to do that as  there is on repealing PNTR and the global Magnitsky. That is the  urgency. That is what we need to get done today. That is what we can  get to the President this afternoon under the majority leader's  request, and that will be denied if my friend from Idaho's request were  granted.   So, for all those reasons, I object.    Mr. President, let me thank the chairman on the Senate  Foreign Relations Committee for his incredible leadership on this issue  and so many others.   I want to point out that our committee has already approved this  language. This is already approved. This is not something that is new  to this body. We have been debating this for some time. It has been the  United States and the U.S. Senate that have taken the leadership to  provide tools to go after human rights abusers. We were the first to  act, but, as a result of our action, Europe has now acted, the UK has  acted, and Canada has acted. So we have provided global leadership. It  is one of the strongest tools we have against human rights violators,  and our No. 1 target today is Mr. Putin and what he has done.   So we have a chance to really show our leadership--continued  leadership--in this area.   I am also encouraged by Senator Crapo's assurances that we are going  to try to get this done today. We want to get this bill to the  President. We want to have it clear that we reauthorized it in a way  that would be effective moving forward.   On one last point, if I might, no one knows exactly what happened in  the first summit meeting between President Putin and President Trump,  but the reports were that probably one of the very first issues that  was raised by Mr. Putin was global Magnitsky sanctions, how it is so  sensitive to him.   A clear message against Mr. Putin is the passage of the  reauthorization and, as the chairman said, fine-tuning of the global  Magnitsky statute. I hope we can get that done today. I thank my  colleagues for their comments.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to executive session and vote on the confirmation of Executive  Calendar No. 683, the nomination of Julie Rubin, under the previous  order.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   