 Madam Speaker, 2 weeks ago, we were here and heard about  how President Biden was going to use every tool at his disposal, every  tool, to combat skyrocketing energy costs.   Now, this is the same administration that told us the border was  secure. That was about a year ago, a little less than a year ago. The  border was secure. And we just saw in the last month, once again,  record numbers of people coming in illegally to our country across the  southern border.   Of course, as the gentleman from Louisiana just said, inflation was  ``transitory,'' and we are starting to hear that his chief economic  adviser is saying maybe it is not so transitory. We are seeing record  numbers now, this month, in regard to inflation.   Well, it all started January 20, 2021, with the shutdown of the  Keystone pipeline and all the other actions that were taken to limit  production here in America.   We saw what is turning out to be a foreign policy disaster, the okay  of the Nord Stream pipeline that is delivering natural gas to Western  Europe, something the previous administration would never do.   This is all part of the green fantasy here in America that has become  America's nightmare.   Back home in my district, it is $2.85 a gallon to heat your home with  propane right now. Propane is used by about a third of the homeowners  in the district that I live in. They paid $1.50 in August 2021. They  paid $0.80 a gallon in August 2020. That is what they are facing.   President Biden came to my district right after the State of the  Union speech, came to Superior, Wisconsin. Once again, we were anxious  to hear how he is going to use every tool, every tool possible, to  provide energy for America.   But we didn't hear a thing about rerouting the pipeline through  northern Wisconsin that is held up because a permit is not issued by  the Governor of Wisconsin and his Department of Natural Resources.   We didn't hear a single thing about Line 5 that goes through the  Straits of Mackinac--the Governor of Michigan shut down that permit  last year--a major throughput to Canada and the entire Midwest.   We didn't hear a word about rebuilding the refinery in Superior,  which we hope is complete soon. He was there on an infrastructure tour.  That refinery produces all kinds of asphalt. Don't you think that would  be a really good time--infrastructure, asphalt--to talk about  rebuilding that refinery?   Finally, he didn't say a thing about a natural gas plant that is  proposed for Superior, Wisconsin, nearly a billion-dollar investment to  produce clean electricity with natural gas.   We didn't hear a word about producing more fertilizer for those  farmers to grow our crops. We didn't hear a word about that.   This President does not understand security. Job security, thousands  of jobs--two of the major pipeline manufacturers in the United States  are right in Wisconsin. We didn't hear a thing about economic security,  the inflation that is, in part, a result of these increased energy  costs. We didn't hear a thing about national security, and that is what  is at stake.   The Biden administration has let us down on all three fronts, job  security, economic security, and national security.   