 Mr. Speaker, for over a year, Democrats have dismissed the  historic inflation crushing American households.   First, they said it was transitory. Then, they played it down as a  high-class problem. Now, President Biden ridiculously and falsely  refers to rising prices as Putin's price hike.   But the American people know that Democrats' failed policies created  this inflation crisis. Their overspending created excess demand. Their  war against domestic energy production constrained supply. And this  supply-demand mismatch pushed prices to a four-decade high.   In March 2021, the Consumer Price Index was at 2.6 percent and gas  prices were $2.70 per gallon. That month, President Biden's American  inflation plan was signed into law. What happened as a result? We have  8.6 percent inflation on the CPI from last Friday, the highest in over  40 years. On top of that, we are seeing historic energy prices. Fuel  oil is up 106 percent, the highest ever, and regular gasoline is up  over 50 percent year over year. For the first time ever, gas prices  reached $5 per gallon nationally last week.   Instead of addressing the cause of inflation, such as Big Government  spending, radical energy policies, and politicization of access to  capital, they continue to push partisan packages that will do  absolutely nothing to correct historic inflation that is plaguing the  middle class. Case in point is this bill, the Racial Equity, Inclusion,  and Economic Justice Act.   At a time of historic inflation, the central responsibility, the core  job, of the Federal Reserve is to ensure price stability. But instead  of responding to Democrats' fiscal policy errors, the Fed failed to  tighten monetary policy fast enough to address this inflation crisis,  especially at this time when they should be focused on price stability.   What does the Democrat majority do? They want to give the Fed more  responsibilities. They want to give them responsibilities beyond their  core competency or expertise.    Mr. Speaker, instead of diverting the Fed's focus away from  their responsibility of tackling inflation, the Federal Reserve should  be focused on dealing with inflation.   If Democrats were truly interested in helping low- and moderate- income households, fixed-income households, and communities of color,  who are suffering the most under Biden's inflation crisis, they need to  keep the Fed's eye on the ball. Don't have them weigh into social  policies and controversial policies that are in the responsibility and  jurisdiction of Congress. The Fed needs to be focused on helping tame  inflation. This bill gives the Fed responsibilities it doesn't need to  have.    