 Mr. President, last month, the world lost one of its great  champions for public health, Dr. Paul Farmer.   Few people did as much to save lives around the world as Paul. He was  a giant. He changed how the world thinks about international aid and  about public health. Millions of people, from Haiti to Peru, to Russia,  to Rwanda, are living longer, healthier, more fulfilling lives because  of Paul Farmer and because of the movement he launched.   Paul moved to Haiti immediately after graduating from college. He had  a special relationship with that country for the rest of his life. It  is where he met his wife Didi Bertrand--a school principal and  preacher's daughter in Cange. Even during Harvard Medical School, Paul  would fly back and forth to Haiti, setting up his own clinic and an  expanding network of community health facilities.   In 1987, he and my friend Jim Yong Kim and their two colleagues,  Ophelia Dahl and Todd McCormack, founded Partners in Health. They  founded Partners in Health on Paul's radical idea, and it is a radical  idea in so many ways; that all human beings, regardless of who they are  and where they live, deserve equal dignity and equal healthcare.   In 2003, the very good writer Tracy Kidder wrote a book about Paul  and his  [[Page S1012]]  life: ``Mountains Beyond Mountains.'' After Paul's death, Tracy wrote a  tribute to him and titled it ``He Wanted to Make the Whole World His  Patient,'' and he really did.   I met Paul on a trip to Haiti with my friend Joanne Carter, the  executive director of RESULTS, which is a grassroots organization  dedicated to ending the cause of poverty around the world. It was in  April 2003. Partners in Health was working in Haiti, and the hospital  and clinic Paul started in Cange had grown to a broad network around  the country. Paul and his colleagues were working with community health  workers to treat drug-resistant tuberculosis and to scale up AIDS  treatment in the most impoverished place, by far, in the Western  Hemisphere at a time when there was almost no antiviral treatment  available in poor countries.   People claim that treating patients and getting antivirals out in  countries like Haiti was just impossible. Paul proved them wrong.  Partners in Health invited several hundred U.S. policymakers,  journalists, and Members of Congress, over time, to Haiti to see  firsthand how they were expanding access to lifesaving treatment. At  the time, there was still a popular sentiment, even among health  workers, that we couldn't do this; that it was impossible to get these  antiviral treatments out on any kind of large scale in low-income  countries. It was a transformational moment. Paul opened the world's  eyes to what was possible.   We could and had to treat patients everywhere. The barrier wasn't  that it couldn't be done; it was that no one had made it a priority. No  one in rich countries like ours or in even middle-income countries  wanted to or really had tried to make this a priority.   I remember we met a young man in a wheelchair in a hospital unit. I  was with Paul. He was caring for this young man. He had tuberculosis of  the spine. It is called Pott's disease. It is when tuberculosis  bacteria migrates into the spinal column and causes paralysis. He was  getting treatment that no one would have thought possible before Paul.  We met HIV/AIDS patients and saw how antiviral treatments were  transforming their lives. People called it the Lazarus effect. In a  relatively short amount of time, this treatment revived them and  brought them back from the brink.   Late at night, we sat around together, at Paul's little house in  Cange, and talked about what would come next and what we needed to do  to rouse the world to action. It was an exciting time. A global fund  had just been created. Paul's ideas were gaining traction. Paul Farmer  brought such a moral clarity to all of these conversations. Whether it  was talking to policymakers or to public health experts or to community  leaders or to his patients--his impoverished patients often--he began  every discussion with the same fundamental principle: Everyone has the  right to quality healthcare.    Rather than have a technical conversation, he would look at all of  these health experts and leaders when they would say, ``Unfortunately,  there are just not enough resources to treat everyone, so we have to  make choices,'' and Paul would say, ``When we make these choices, we  are always talking about somebody else's children.'' He didn't say it  in an accusatory way; he wasn't judgmental; and he didn't look down on  anybody. It was simply how he thought about it and how he wanted  everyone to think about it.   The other thing that always struck me and that was so astonishing  about Paul is that he cared so much about each individual person. He  had uncommon and maybe even unparalleled empathy. He had an absolute  commitment to his patients' care. He was a big thinker in change  policy, but he was a practitioner up close who took care of fellow  human beings. He had an absolute commitment to his patients' care  literally right up until the moment of his death. He was talking about  patients he was treating in Rwanda, and he was giving advice right up  until the day he died.   Tracy Kidder reported that Paul had been up late the night before,  seeing patients. Mr. Kidder said, in his experience with Paul, that  being up late and seeing patients was the equivalent of a night on the  town.   Over the past few weeks since we lost Paul, a remembrance of that  empathy has poured out from people around the world--from former  students and colleagues, patients, world leaders, public health  luminaries. Everyone has a story about Paul Farmer's dedication to  humankind and to his patients individually. They agree that Paul really  did change the world. His legacy will certainly inspire many of us in  this body. More importantly, it will inspire people around the world.   When I think of Paul Farmer, I think of one of my favorite passages  in the Gospel, Matthew 25. We are all familiar with it--Christians,  certainly--but nonbelievers, Jews, Hindus, Buddhists, and Muslims, I  think know this passage from Jesus.   Jesus said: When I was hungry, you fed me. When I was thirsty, you  gave me drink. When I was in prison, you visited me. What you did to  the least of these you did to me.   I thought, you know, that doesn't quite sound right, ``What you did  to the least of these,'' because I cannot believe that Muhammad or  Buddha or Jesus or Maimonides or Moses would think that Mark Kelly is  worth more or less than another human being. All of us in God's eyes  are equal.   So I came across a friend of ours who lives down the street--a  pastor--and she gave to me a Bible called the ``Justice and Poverty  Bible.''   It say this in Matthew 25: When I was hungry, you fed me. When I was  thirsty, you gave me drink. When I was in prison, you visited me. What  you did to those who seemed less important you did for me--not what you  did for the least of these but what you did for those who seemed less  important.   That was how Paul Farmer lived his life. He understood that no human  being was worth less than anyone else; that everyone is deserving of  compassionate healthcare; and that everyone is deserving, as Rumi said,  of generosity and helping others: Be like a river in compassion and  grace. Be like the Sun. That is the way Paul looked at the world.   Our thoughts are with his family and his patients around the world.  Let's recommit ourselves to following the example of Dr. Paul Farmer.   