 Mr. President, Vladimir Putin has continued to wage  horrific war against Ukraine and the Ukrainian people. This invasion,  waged upon the profits of Russia's oil and gas empire, has caused  destruction and devastation beyond measure.   We must denounce Putin's war of choice, and we must call out  profiteering and the ricochet effects of that conflict that affect  Americans and others across the world.   This connection to conflict is only possible as a result of the  fallacy of  [[Page S1766]]  American energy independence from oil and gas extraction--a lie that  has been sold by the American Petroleum Institute or the ``American  Prevarication Institute,'' as they should be called. For years, the oil  and gas industry has sold Americans more snake oil than actual oil,  promising security and safety in exchange for unlimited drilling,  unlimited exports, unlimited profits for Big Oil and Big Gas in the  United States. And after yet another year of price spikes caused by  Putin and profiteering, it is time to say enough is enough with these  false promises and crocodile tears from the American Petroleum  Institute, from ExxonMobil, from Chevron, from all of these companies.   President Biden was right to follow my SPIGOT Act and the bipartisan  consensus in the House and Senate to ban all oil imports from Russia.  The only way to end Putin's oil- and gas-funded wars is to cut off his  oil- and gas-funded piggy bank, which comes, unfortunately,  historically, from American consumers at the pump buying Russian oil  for their cars. That has to end. And, thankfully, President Biden has  now made that decision.   And it is because we have a moral moment here to provide all possible  humanitarian aid to the Ukrainian people. We have a moral moment here  to cut off the money pipeline that is funding the missiles and the  tanks that are destroying the homes of innocent people in Ukraine. And  we have a moral moment that ensures that we take the action to build a  better world that is safe from the climate-change-fueled crisis. But  our ability to meet this moral moment hinges on what we do next on the  floor of the U.S. Senate, what action we take to respond to this  obvious crisis that we have on the planet, all related to this oil- and  gas-fueled military invasion of Ukraine--the tanks, the planes, the  soldiers--all paid for by oil and gas money.   We could fail to meet this moral moment by accepting the bad faith  arguments from Big Oil, which is using this horrifying invasion to push  for more drilling and money to fossil fuel companies with more lands  and waters lost to extraction, more profit for Big Oil at the expense  of American pocketbooks; or we can meet the moral moment that the  United States is willing to lead with innovation, moving away from  global oil chaos and closer to clean, cheap, domestic renewable energy  sources--sources that will not fall victim to price hikes from despots,  dictators, and criminals overseas.   Now, we have all heard the Big Lie from Big Oil, FOX News, and the  GOP, the Gas and Oil Party. Their message is: All you need to do is  give us a few more leases, cut a few more regulations, provide us with  a few more subsidies, and then we will be on our way to energy  independence.   Trust the oil and gas companies, they say, and FOX News says, ``Yes,  trust the oil and gas industry,'' but that argument is leakier than an  old oil tanker, and it has been proven again and again.   If Big Oil wanted to make us energy independent, they would have  already done it. Instead, they resort to their Big Lie.   So here are the facts:   Big Oil is sitting on 11,000 unused oil and gas leases, and 9,000 of  those leases are on Federal lands in the United States. They have  already been purchased by the oil and gas industry, mostly for $2 an  acre, but they have got them; and 2,000 leases are offshore, in the  waters of the United States, and they have all been already approved  for drilling.   Big Oil also has 6,000 partially drilled wells that they can use to  drill right now. In other words, they have already done the drilling,  and they are still not going there right now, on an emergency basis, to  produce that additional oil and gas.   Why is that?   Because rather than using the resources they already have to drill,  they are using this crisis as an excuse to get more leases, more wells,  more profit for themselves while sitting on, squatting on, the existing  leases they already have that could produce the additional oil and gas  that they say they want to produce. Of course, they don't want to  produce that oil or else they would be doing it already. They just want  more leases that they can sit on and profit from in the years ahead.   In terms of solving this crisis that we have right now, they can do  it if they want, but they don't want to because it might actually drive  down the price of oil or it might drive down the price of natural gas  if they produce more here.   So this is not a problem of governmental overreach. If you don't  trust me on this, how about trusting the oil executives themselves. In  a recent survey, 60 percent of oil executives said that investors are  keeping them from drilling. Just 10 percent pointed to regulations.  These are the oil company executives. They say it is the investors--the  millionaires in their companies--who don't want to drill, not Federal  regulations.   Remember the Keystone Pipeline--the pipeline that the Republicans  wanted so they could be energy independent?   In 2015, every single Republican on the floor of the U.S. Senate  voted against my amendments to ban the exports of that oil from the  Keystone Pipeline. They kept saying then it would lead to energy  independence, and when I said, ``Fine. Let's have an amendment that  says it cannot be exported,'' every single Republican voted no--allow  it to be exported out of our country.   These crocodile tears from the Republican Party--from the GOP, Gas  and Oil Party--are just so predictable, and it comes back every single  time.   Big Oil has kept up their export shenanigans. In 2021, we exported  8.6 million barrels of oil a day while importing 8.4 million barrels  per day. Last year, we imported, on average, 600,000 barrels of oil a  day from Russia. At the same time, we exported the same amount to  China. That is what the Republican Party and the gas and oil industry  got in 2015 when we lifted the ban on the export of American oil. That  is not energy independence; it is profit dependence of the American  people on the agenda of Big Oil and Big Gas.   The Gas and Oil Party doesn't want to drill for oil here in America  to protect Americans from economic harm; they want to do it for their  own economic benefit. Big Oil has a need for greed. The Republican  Party, as we just heard in the confirmation hearing, kept talking about  crime in the streets. No. The big problem is crime in the suites--crime  in the oil and gas executive suites of our country--and the Republican  Party's inability to stand up to them so that we have true energy  independence in our country. In 2021, while consumers sacrificed at the  pump, with gas prices increasing by 50 percent, Big Oil made over--get  this number--$200 billion in profits.   That is what is happening. That is why they don't want to drill-- because the price of oil might come down; therefore, their profits  might come down, but they have built all the leases they need right  now. This isn't about energy supply for consumers; it is about Big  Oil's demand for profits for their shareholders and for their  executives. That is what the agenda of the oil and gas industry in  America is all about, not American security, not American consumers,  not American environmental and healthcare issues, but the profits of  their executives.   We don't need sacrifice in our country. We need innovation. We need a  way to ensure that we unleash all of the potential, which we have, in  our country in order to tap into all of our rich natural resources.  Instead of supporting energy independence and getting out of the way of  a real domestic, clean energy boom, Big Oil would rather force  consumers to sacrifice with high prices at the gas pump.   We don't need Americans to sacrifice by paying high gas prices.  Instead, we need to innovate and install clean energy solutions. This  is our short-term and our long-term solution to price disruptions,  climate chaos, environmental injustice, and wars paid for with oil and  gas profits--much of it war profiteering.   Here are some more facts:   An additional 16 million electric vehicles on the road would replace  all of the oil that we currently import from Russia. Let me say that  again. If we would just deploy 16 million all-electric vehicles, we  would back out all the oil from Russia. The next 16 million all- electric vehicles would back out all the Saudi oil that we import into  the United States. ``EVs'' just doesn't stand for ``electric  vehicles''; it also  [[Page S1767]]  stands for ``ending violence''--getting the United States tied up into  situations around the world because of all of the money that these  wealthy oil states get from the United States.   Here is another way to break it down:   We can put 5 million electric vehicles on the road, 5 million heat  pumps in homes, and replace 75 percent of our public bus fleet with  electric buses and still back out all the oil we import from Russia. In  the time it would take to implement these measures, we can release the  already congressionally mandated sales of the Strategic Petroleum  Reserve to give consumers relief at the gas pump.   We can accomplish all of this by passing my SAVE Consumers Act with  Senator Heinrich, which would grant the President additional authority  to implement energy efficiency standards and release another 265  million barrels of oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve by the end  of 2023.   We can do this. We can deploy the Strategic Petroleum right now,  invest in a renewable, clean energy agenda, and actually produce enough  energy that substitutes for all the Russian oil and do so in a very  brief period of time; but we have to commit to destroying the demand by  Putin's dirty energy business model by powering our own country with  clean, American-made renewable energy. We can power our way to peace.  We can power our way to stopping the most dangerous effects of  greenhouse gases that are creating climate change on our planet.    Putin banks on divisions in the West. What he found instead was our  complete solidarity with the people of Ukraine. Imagine if we were to  channel that same spirit of unity to unlock a safe, healthy future and  untether ourselves from Putin's dirty profits. We should agree that no  country continues to have a veto on our energy security or of our  friends and allies.   The future lies not in the extracted fossil fuels of the Industrial  Revolution but in technologies that will power the clean energy  revolution.   It is in our interest to build a well-trained, well-paid battalion of  American union workers to lead countries to look to their energy needs  from the red, white, and blue of the United States instead of Putin's  cronies who finance Russia's repression at home and adventurism abroad.   By passing a $555-billion investment in clean energy and climate  justice, we can build a made-in-America clean economy that delivers  real energy independence for our country, and we can export those  technologies around the world. With tax credits and rebates in wind and  solar, all-electric vehicles, offshore wind, battery storage  technologies, heat pumps, and advanced domestic manufacturing, we can  cut costs at home while cutting off Putin's money line from oil and  natural gas. These investments would reduce our dependence on global  oil markets and, instead, power our country through localized clean  energy.   The solar from our deserts, the solar power from those States that  have near year-round Sun, the wind off of our coast from Massachusetts  down to Maryland, which the Presiding Officer represents, the wind off  of the west coast, the hydropower from our Southeast, the geothermal  from our Northwest--all of it can be tapped, and we can end an era  wherein our country is held hostage by the need to import more oil.   Our Federal climate policies are exactly what we need--this national  security moment, this environmental moment, this healthcare moment,  this moral moment for our country and for the planet. There is no quick  solution to this quagmire that Big Oil has drilled the United States  into. There are only better and worse solutions, moral and immoral  solutions. We can innovate and install clean energy that produces all  of the energy which we need and that protects us, protects our allies,  and protects our planet at the very same time or we can continue down  the pathway of false promises and profiteering.   It is our moral moment. Let's stand in solidarity with those affected  by oil and gas wars and seize this chance for a cleaner, safer, more  affordable future for Americans, for our allies, and for the world.   There are doubters that we can make this transition, people who say:  Well, wind and solar and all-electric vehicles and battery and storage  technology--that sounds fine, but it just won't solve the problem. They  are the same people who said that we could not deploy the spectrum.   I was the author of the bill that accomplished and that made it  possible for everyone, by 1995, to have a flip phone in their pockets  at 10 cents a minute. Then, in using that very same spectrum 10 years  later, a young guy, Steve Jobs, invented a phone which is a computer  that has the same power as the computers on the Apollo mission to the  Moon. We innovated; we moved; and we can actually see the people, in  their fleeing Ukraine, all holding smartphones invented in the United  States because we put together the policies that changed us from black  rotary dial phones to these powerful computers in everyone's pockets.   We can do the same thing with energy. We can create a revolution. We  just have to get Big Oil and Big Gas out of the way and allow our young  people to innovate, allow our entrepreneurs to innovate, allow for the  deployment of all of these technologies, and then children will have to  look to the history books to find if there ever was such a crisis that  we are living through today.   So my hope is that the Senate will respond and that they will  understand how much of this conflict is created by the globe's  dependence upon oil and gas. Putin is proving that to us once again,  and if we look at the Middle East, we can see that hole that we have  dug for ourselves and our dependence upon that region.   We have the solution. It is innovation; it is optimism; it is  unleashing the entrepreneurial spirit in our country. That will be the  challenge of the U.S. Senate over the next 2 months.   Will we have the same courage to respond, to take on those energy  titans, in the same way that the Ukrainian people, every day, are  giving us the example that we should be following?   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The clerk will call the roll.   The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll.   