 I want to thank my friend and colleague who has been  such a leader of this bipartisan effort, Senator Graham, for the  question and for his powerful and passionate remarks just now.   Very simply, the reason for this bipartisan initiative to designate  Russia a state sponsor of terrorism is because of what the American  people and the world have seen day after day after day, not only this  assault on Ukraine, trying to deprive it of its freedom and  independence, but also the mass atrocities that its soldiers have  committed at the direction, potentially, of Vladimir Putin: holding  women and children hostage when bombs are falling, tying people's hands  behind their backs and shooting them in their heads, raping and  torturing innocent civilians, making them the targets of warfare in a  purposeful and direct way, in a reign of terror. Make Russia a state  sponsor of terrorism in the same way that Iran and Syria and Cuba have  been. Vladimir Putin should be part of that club.   It will give individuals who are victims rights of action. But  equally important, it will impose additional support controls and  sanctions and other kinds of measures and send the world a message  that, literally, anybody who deals with Russia is dealing with a  terrorist cabal, a terrorist organization that is beyond the pale, that  is to be treated as a pariah and is a member of a club that no one  should want to be a part of.   It costs nothing to give Russia this well-merited label. It also  works very much in favor of not only Ukraine but American taxpayers and  our NATO allies to have the Asset Seizure for Ukraine Reconstruction  Act, a bipartisan initiative, that will enable not only seizure but  also sale of Russian oligarch assets as a part of this package.   I am disappointed that it wasn't included, but I am very optimistic  that we will move forward because people have seen on their TVs, day  after day, the seizure of the superyachts. We have seen those  pictures--the mansions, the  [[Page S2484]]  jets, the fine art, other ill-gotten gains. They have bought these  items with money they have stolen from the people of Russia and  elsewhere around the world. Those ill-gotten gains are sometimes in  bank accounts that can be seized, and they should be used for Ukraine's  defense against this invasion and for reconstruction of Ukraine.   Their use should be humanitarian reconstruction efforts, as well as  the ongoing fight. They are resources that Putin has, in effect,  enabled his oligarchs to take in this kleptocracy known as the Russian  regime. We should be cracking down on those beneficiaries of ill-gotten  gains and enablers of Putin's cruel and kleptocratic regime.   Let's be clear. Once enacted, this measure would enable law  enforcement agents from around the world to seize those oligarch assets  and enable them to liquidate--that is to say, sell those assets--to be  used immediately to provide more weapons for the brave Ukrainians who  are fighting Russian aggression and to deliver humanitarian aid to  displaced Ukrainians.   I have been to the border and seen those refugees coming from  Ukraine--literally crossing the border, carrying their pets and stuffed  animals, women and children--because the men are staying to fight--with  just the clothes on their back. They need help. Those assets should be  used to help them, as well as the men who are left behind to fight with  a ferocity and bravery that is the awe of the world. Literally, our own  military has said how deeply impressed they are with the fierceness and  courage of Ukrainians who are pushing back not only from around Kyiv,  but now in the Donbas, Lutsk, and Luhansk. Literally, they are winning  victories.   But those victories are occurring because of aid we have provided. If  we cease that aid, they will be deprived of the tools they need to win  this war.   Yes, our objective should be Ukraine winning this war. We are not  going to have troops on the ground. We are not going to be engaged  through NATO. We are not going to be a party in the combat. But we can  be the arsenal of Ukraine's democracy. We can step up and stand up for  democracy.   My colleague has made the point very well that history teaches about  bullies. They are stopped, or they will continue. That is a lesson  throughout history, whether it is World War II or any of the other  conflicts where aggression has been stymied and halted.   Vladimir Putin is a thug. He is a KGB operative. He understands only  one thing: force--economic force, military force--and that force needs  to be brought to bear before he moves against countries that are at  risk.   What does it mean that Finland wants to join NATO? What does it mean  that Sweden is talking about joining NATO? They see the threat. They  need that protection. They know they can't do it alone. They know that  Putin will pick them off if we do not stand together.   As Benjamin Franklin said at the time of our Revolution: We will hang  together, or we will hang alone.   That has to be the mantra that we take to our allies and to the  American people. One last point. We need to bring together this body  and our Congress in the bipartisan way that the three of us are doing  today. This issue is way above partisan politics in its importance to  our future as a nation.   The American people understandably are focused on inflation, which is  a serious challenge. They are fatigued and tired of COVID, which is not  only irksome but threatening. Our job is to make them aware of the  threat that is posed by Putin's Russia. It isn't the Russian people's  Russia. They have no idea what is actually happening. They believe  because they have been told that President Zelenskyy, who is Jewish, is  actually a Nazi. That is what they have been told.   We visited Ukraine not long before the invasion. One of my colleagues  in this bipartisan trip said to President Zelenskyy: Are you fearful  about a Russian invasion?   This was January of this year.   He said: The Russian invasion began in 2014. The Russian invasion has  been ongoing and has killed 14,000 of our people.   This latest threat of an assault on Ukraine is just another phase of  the same war, and Ukrainian people have fought on behalf of democracy  for these years. They have lost blood and lives and treasure, and we  have an obligation to stand strong for our democracy at this moment. We  have an opportunity and an obligation.   I am proud to stand with my colleagues in favor of using the proceeds  of selling oligarchs' ill-begotten gains so that we can benefit the  people of Ukraine in their fight for freedom and their effort to  reconstruct their country.   I would like to yield the floor back to my colleague, hopefully,  having answered his question and pose a question to my colleague from  Rhode Island.   Will the proceeds from the sale of these ill-gotten gains potentially  benefit Ukraine in a way that will be meaningful and will help save  American taxpayers' funds that are necessary to support the freedom of  that country?   