 Madam Speaker, I rise today in  enthusiastic support of H.R. 6411, the Support The Resiliency of Our  Nation's Great Veterans Act, commonly known as the STRONG Act.   I am proud that this legislation includes language from my bill, H.R.  4233, the Student Veterans Counseling Centers Eligibility Act. I  introduced this bill alongside Ranking Member Bost to aid veteran  transition back to civilian life, especially for those looking to  further their education.   Far too often, we see the tragedy of our selfless defenders losing  their battle to mental health issues when returning from service. The  intention of our provision is to aid more of our veterans who are  readjusting to civilian lives by providing them with overdue access to  vital mental health resources.   This is especially personal to my district, as I represent 89,000  veterans, many of whom are or will be receiving benefits via the Post- 9/11 GI Bill.   Regardless of which side of the aisle we sit on, we have an  obligation to make sure that our counseling services are more  accessible for our veterans, and I am glad that the STRONG Act focuses  on this obligation.   My provision would expand counseling and mental health support to  student veterans through the VA's readjustment counseling centers, also  known as Vet Centers. These centers provide individual, group,  marriage, and family counseling, as well as peer support opportunities  for Active-Duty servicemembers, veterans, members of the National Guard  and Reserve, and certain military family members. Vet Centers are  community based, confidential, and free.   A recent RAND study shows that 20 percent of veterans on the GI Bill  face feelings of depression from PTSD. That 20 percent amounts to over  170,000 veterans, double the number of veterans in my district.   Currently, the option of student veterans using school psychologists,  in actuality, provides very little relief for our veterans. The  director of policy and advocacy for the National Association of School  Psychologists has reported that the national ratio of school  psychologists to students is anywhere from 1 to 2,000 to 1 to 5,000.    I have heard personal stories from  student veterans who have had to wait weeks or even months for a mental  health appointment if their mental health crisis was not deemed in need  of ``immediate attention.'' Unfortunately, many of our veterans do not  have the luxury of weeks or months to see a mental health provider.   In addition, many of our universities' mental health counselors are  actually not licensed professionals but, instead, graduate or doctoral  students. Our veterans deserve better than this. They deserve the best  healthcare from qualified professionals.   Helping students succeed in school and their civilian lives is one of  the most important ways we can thank them for their service.   Tragically, the suicide rate among our veterans now is estimated to  be anywhere from 17 to 22 suicides a day. Forty-six percent of military  students  [[Page H5853]]  have reported suicidal thoughts, compared with only 6 percent of their  nonmilitary peers.    If we can provide mental health services that are able to assist just  a single veteran who is contemplating suicide to choose to live, I  believe it is our sworn duty to do so. We have that opportunity now.   I am proud to support the STRONG Veterans Act, and I am very grateful  to Chairman Takano and Ranking Member Bost for including my bill, the  Student Veterans Counseling Center Eligibility Act. I urge my  colleagues to vote ``yes'' on H.R. 6411 in support of our Nation's  veterans.   