 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today I have the distinct honor of  recognizing Carole Johnson of Mineral County for her dedication to the  Forest Service and her 50-plus years--50-plus years--of public service  to the people of Montana.   Raised in Superior, MT, Carole graduated from Montana State  University and joined the U.S. Forest Service in 1971. Carole started  as a seasonal recreational employee on the Superior Ranger District of  the Lolo National Forest and has since worked in nearly every facet of  the Forest Service, including firefighting, logistics, silviculture,  surveying, mining, and conservation education. In 2015, Carole was  named ``Superior District Ranger,'' the post she has held until  retiring earlier this spring. According to most accounts, at the time  of her retirement, Carole was the longest tenured Federal employee in  the State of Montana.   Anyone who knows Carole will tell you that she exemplified the  definition of a ``public servant.'' For more than 50 years, she served  her community with unmatched institutional knowledge and  professionalism. She has been a voice of reason in debates over public  lands management, emphasizing that forest management and conservation  truly go hand in hand. As District Ranger, Carole worked tirelessly to  increase the timber output on the Superior District to help benefit the  local economy and support wildfire mitigation in the community.   Outside of her role at the Forest Service, Carole is active in her  community. She serves on many boards, including the Mineral Community  Hospital Board, the Mineral Fair Board, and the Glacier Country Tourism  Board. Through her commitment to public service, it is clear that  Carole has long been a well-respected and beloved member of the Mineral  County community.   It is my honor to recognize Carole for her dedication to the Forest  Service and her 50-plus years of public service to the great State of  Montana.   Carole, thank you for your many years of public service and your  commitment to improving our public lands and our forests. I wish you  all the very best in your retirement. You truly make Montana proud.  [[Page S3020]]    