 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Washington  for yielding.   While practicing medicine for over 30 years back in Texas, I  personally prescribed a lot of contraceptives. I have seen the benefit  that they have over the lives of women who use them, and I will  continue to support a woman's right to access contraception.   But this bill was brought to the floor of the House urgently and  outside of regular order. There was no attempt to work with  Republicans. The majority hastily put forward an incomplete product  that, at the end of the day, is never going to see the light of day in  the Senate.   The Right to Contraception Act would establish a statutory right for  patients to obtain contraception and for doctors to prescribe. The  kindest thing I can say about this legislation is that it is  duplicative and unnecessary. But, unfortunately, it can also be  damaging.   Contraception is so broadly defined that it could guarantee access to  medical abortion pills or even contraceptives that might not have FDA  approval. It could lead to the dispensing of unsafe products. Even if a  product gets FDA approval, it does not always ensure its safety.   Essure was a medical device previously sold to cause sterilization.  The FDA approved this device in 2002, but it didn't start examining  reported concerns by users until 2015. In 2018, the FDA restricted the  sale of Essure, and the manufacturer took the device completely off the  market.   The Dalkon Shield is an intrauterine birth control device  manufactured and sold in the early 1970s. This device was responsible  for many reported incidents of inflammatory infections, uterine  perforations, spontaneous septic abortions, as well as at least four  deaths. The FDA requested this device be taken off the market in  October of 1974 but never issued a formal recall. Under the language of  this bill considered today, a provider could provide that. When  manufacturing ceased in 1976, more than 2 million of these devices had  already been sold in the United States.   Madam Speaker, I am the first to agree that the drug approval process  at the FDA should be made faster, more transparent, and safer. But  imagine the dangers of allowing contraceptives and devices where the  FDA has not even considered their safety.   Madam Speaker, you will find consensus in the Energy and Commerce  Committee amongst Republicans regarding preserving access to  contraception if the Democrats had only decided to work. We had no  legislative hearing; we had no subcommittee markup; and we had no full  committee markup.   The bill was introduced last Friday and brought to the Rules  Committee on Monday. I am also a member of the Rules Committee, so that  was the only hearing that we had on this legislation. As I like to tell  people, Rules Committee members are like the apex predators of the  legislative process. We are only there at the end of the road.   Madam Speaker, this bill is bad, and I urge it not to be adopted.   