 Mr. President, I actually rise today to support Bob Califf  and to say to my colleagues there has been a lot of criticism as to  what he has done. I have never seen an FDA Commissioner, in 9 months of  service--that was the length of his time at the FDA--who accomplished  anything, much less as many negatives as have been raised.   But as the ranking member of the HELP Committee and as a fellow North  Carolinian, I would like to share with my colleagues that Dr. Califf is  a supremely qualified nominee with bipartisan support. He has the  robust agency and private sector experience needed to help build on the  success of the FDA in helping Americans get back to normal life with  the approval of tests, vaccines, and therapeutics that are bringing the  pandemic to an end.   He is the leader we need today but also for the future. Now, let me  take a few moments to explain why.   It has been 391 days since the FDA has had a Senate-confirmed  Commissioner--391 days. No matter how effective and successful an  Acting Commissioner can be--and we have been blessed with Janet  Woodcock's leadership--the full backing of a Presidential nomination  and confirmation by the U.S. Senate carry a weight that allows a  confirmed Commissioner to push forward necessary, meaningful change and  leadership within a Federal Agency.   There has never been a more critical time for the FDA to have  effective leadership. While the FDA has long played a leading role in  the lives of the American people, regulating 20 cents of every dollar  of the U.S. economy, the COVID pandemic brought the actions of the FDA  during the response to the dinner-table conversation of every family in  this country.   In the 391 days since our last confirmed Commissioner stepped down,  there have been two new, serious variants of the COVID virus; case  counts that topped 1 million per day; shortages of vital therapeutics  and diagnostic tests; and, tragically, the loss of hundreds of  thousands of American lives. The FDA has and will continue to play a  leading role in our response to a once-in-a-century pandemic.    The Agency's unprecedented work helped innovators bring forward  countermeasures, tests, treatments, and vaccines that have helped us  withstand and fight against the virus and instill hope in Americans in  some of the darkest moments of the pandemic. The FDA has made  significant progress to advance medical product development.   As new cases continue to slow and spring approaches, we are at what I  am hopeful is an inflection point. Mask mandates are lifting, children  are back in school, and the FDA is ready to move into the next phase of  the response that will hopefully bring us back to normal. The FDA needs  a leader who will not lose sight of the progress it has made.   The silver lining of COVID has been its ability to show the value of  American innovation and ingenuity. No one understands that better than  Dr. Califf. His expertise at translational science means that he  understands what it takes to transform an idea from a research bench  into a real solution for patients.   COVID catalyzed the FDA and the private sector to compress the  timeline of the transformation without--without--sacrificing our world- renowned gold standard for safe and effective  [[Page S688]]  medical products. Platform technologies were developed through programs  like Operation Warp Speed and RADx that put us leaps and bounds ahead.  These types of technologies are force multipliers, allowing us to bring  new options to patients with cancer, infectious diseases, and life- threatening conditions by adapting the same underlying technology. We  need a Commissioner who understands and will advance these  breakthroughs.   I urge my colleagues, support Dr. Califf's nomination because he will  provide the leadership needed to promote today's biomedical  advancements and help to pave the way for tomorrow's innovation.   As many know, I have been one of the FDA's toughest critics over the  years. However, I am critical because I believe in the Agency's  mission, and I know that American patients pay the price if the FDA  falls behind.   The FDA has an opportunity to be forever changed for the better, but  it needs effective leadership to get there. Dr. Califf knows the Agency  well, understands the value of innovation underway in academia, and  knows firsthand how the private sector is advancing cutting-edge  science that can benefit all Americans.   I urge my colleagues this morning to support the nomination of Robert  Califf.   I yield the floor.   