 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, at the appropriate time, I will offer an amendment to  H.R. 7309, which will increase skills development for individuals  seeking careers in law enforcement, especially in these States that we  have seen increasing violent crime.   My amendment would modify the list of employment and workforce  development activities that States must carry out with State set-aside  funding under the Adult and Dislocated Worker Programs.   This amendment requires that States that have experienced an increase  in violent crime over the previous year use those State set-aside funds  to provide training services for individuals seeking a career in law  enforcement. Those funds must also support training services for law  enforcement involved in border protection in relevant States.   After 2 years of my colleagues across the aisle calling to defund the  police, we are seeing cities in America in crisis. Police agency  budgets have been slashed, making it impossible to hire, equip, and  train officers. These calls have demoralized and delegitimized  officers, causing high attrition rates and making it nearly impossible  to hire new officers.   Criminals have noticed, and violent crime is rising because of it.  Just look at the news any night. It has made the already dangerous job  of law enforcement even more dangerous and unsafe. And in 2021, an  officer was attacked and killed every five days in America.   Madam Speaker, all our communities are less safe because of it. This  Police Week, instead of focusing on supporting law enforcement's hiring  and retention and making our communities safer, my colleagues are  forcing a partisan, flawed approach to labor force development. But my  amendment will help build the workforce that we really need to focus  on, and that is peace officers.   At a time when law enforcement retirements are up 45 percent  nationwide, and some cities still can't fill up to 17 percent of their  open positions, we desperately need to invest in retraining law  enforcement officers.   As a former law enforcement officer myself, I know firsthand the  importance of developing a strong pipeline of law enforcement cadets.  We are far from that now so we must direct our Federal workforce  investments to career fields that directly and positively impact the  safety of our communities across America.   If we adopt the motion to recommit, we will instruct the Committee on  Education and Labor to consider my amendment to invest in the next  generation of our law enforcement officers.   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my  amendment in the Record immediately prior to the vote on the motion to  recommit.    Madam Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the  desk.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   