 Mr. President, Justice Alito's draft opinion in Dobbs v.  Jackson Women's Health is a masterpiece of jurisprudence, and it is a  long overdue victory for the preborn. It is also a vindication of  nearly 50 years of tireless efforts by the pro-life movement, the  conservative legal movement, by textualists and originalists, and by  President Trump's recent judicial appointments.   I am proud to say that this decision vindicates the efforts of people  like my late father, who wrote an amicus brief in City of Akron v.  Akron Center for Reproductive Health.   Incidentally, it was in that context when I first had an encounter  with individuals on the opposite side of this issue. I was 11 years old  when my father submitted that amicus brief while serving as President  Reagan's Solicitor General.   One morning, a busload of pro-abortion rights protesters showed up  outside of our home. My parents and my siblings were out running  errands, going about various activities. I found myself alone that  morning. I went outside to talk to the people who had shown up in our  quiet suburban neighborhood in a Greyhound-size bus carrying signs and  shouting slogans of one sort or another.   I introduced myself to the woman who appeared to be in charge. Her  first words startled me. She said: Well, hello, little boy. We are not  here to hurt you.   I thought that was strange. It ought to go without saying. It is a  little alarming when that is the first thing someone says to you. I  asked her what she was doing. She told me that they were there because  they disagreed with some things that my father had submitted to the  Supreme Court of the United States in that amicus brief to which I  referred.   I then asked the question: Why do you have to do it on my lawn? She  responded in a way that I found curious. She said: Well, we are trying  very hard not to step on your lawn. We are actually staying on the  sidewalk.   I didn't yet understand the difference between an easement and a  walkway and whether they had entered onto the curtilage of our home.  All I knew was that it seemed like a strange place to be doing this, in  front of a private residence, a home where a public official lived and  slept and raised his children.   I think about the tireless efforts of people like my late father to  stand up for the rights of unborn human beings and for the injustice  brought about by Roe v. Wade--a 1973 decision by the Supreme Court that  stripped power away from the American people, stripped their  opportunity to make decisions regarding abortion at the appropriate  level of government, to have those decisions made by their own elected  lawmakers rather than by unelected, unaccountable Judges who had  arrogated to themselves the almost exclusive prerogative to decide how,  when, whether, to what extent abortions may be regulated.   What lies before the Supreme Court is the test of weathering the  storm of political opinion. The line has been drawn, and Roe v. Wade  appears to be on the verge of being overturned. Should this draft  opinion become the official holding of the Court, Americans will, once  again, have the opportunity to debate and discuss these issues with the  American people each deciding, within their respective State, what  terms and conditions ought to apply, what restrictions ought to be  imposed to protect human life.   This should give us all hope that America is not doomed to decline.  All  [[Page S2304]]  it takes is persistence, even in the face of daunting odds and decades  of setbacks by those who love God and love our country. For once, good  men and women did not do nothing, and this evil will triumph no more.   I was thinking recently about a monument that was placed on the Mall  upon the hill where the Washington Monument stands. A few months ago,  people placed white flags, each memorializing those who had died with  COVID-19. I believe at the time there were 6 or 700,000 people in  America who had died with this illness, and so there were 6 or 700,000  little white flags, each standing only a few inches tall on that hill  where the Washington Monument stands. From a distance, it looked like a  snowstorm had hit Washington, DC. It hadn't. It was actually quite  beautiful.   I started thinking, I started wondering: What if a similar memorial  were placed--if only temporarily, like that one was--honoring,  memorializing those 63 million babies who had been aborted since Roe v.  Wade was decided in 1973, taking away from the American people the  ability to make their own laws in their own States pursuant to  authority that belongs to the American people and our constitutional  system of government--63 million babies. A portion of this came out of  my generation. There are an estimated one-fourth of generation X who  were never born because they were aborted--63 million. What if we had  small red flags, each representing one of those babies? It has occurred  to me that there wouldn't be room enough on that hill to accommodate  all of those. I seriously wonder whether there would be room enough in  the entire Mall, between the Capitol Building to the east and the  Lincoln Memorial to the west, to accommodate all of those red flags.  And what would that look like? The COVID memorial looked like a  snowstorm. This sea of red flags would look like something else.    Now, this moment is not without some sense of loss. When I saw a  draft Supreme Court opinion that had been leaked to the news media, I  experienced a wave of emotions. As pleased as I was and as encouraged  as I am by what appears to be something that will soon become the  opinion of the Court, I was also deeply upset that an employee of the  Supreme Court of the United States could betray the trust of the  Justices.   I recalled from my own time that I spent at the Supreme Court, the  time I spent as a law clerk working for Justice Alito, the great  lengths to which the Court went to protect the internal deliberations  of the Justices. We drafted opinions on separate computers--``separate  computers'' meaning we had a computer system that allowed us to handle  internal correspondence between the chambers, to transfer draft  opinions between the various chambers.   That computer system was completely walled off from the outside  world. It was connected only by a local area network, one that was  impenetrable from the outside world. If we wanted to do any research,  any outside correspondence, anything that would require internet  access, we had to go to a separate computer; we couldn't use that one.  It was walled off completely, with good reason.   You see, the Court operates in such a way that its ultimate work  product in any case will consist of a ruling; and, in fairness to the  Justices, you have got to make sure that everything is in order; that  the Justices each have decided exactly how they are going to vote,  which opinion they are going to join, and what that opinion is going to  say before they release their opinions. If those go out too early, then  they are not ready. That does a grave injustice to the litigants and to  the American people, generally.   That is why the Court goes to great lengths. It is not that they are  being secretive about it. The Court is actually quite open and  transparent. It is a matter of public record what documents they review  in each case. The oral arguments presented to the Court are, likewise,  matters of public record. And the documents that they produce that have  legal operation are also public documents. It is actually a very open  and transparent process.   But during the time period between when argument is heard and an  opinion is rendered, the Court needs to be able to deliberate and  consider its options confidentially. So that is what this security  system does. It is there to make sure that opinions, as they are being  drafted and sent back and forth, don't leak out.   In many circumstances, the editing of opinions took place on that  same computer system, with drafts going back and forth; redlined,  proposed edits between them. In those moments when you did need to  print them out, you needed a hard copy, you could do so; but there were  conditions attached to them. There was an understanding that they  shouldn't leave the building, you can't take them home with you, they  shouldn't go outside the Court, they probably shouldn't even go outside  of your particular office. And when you are finished with them, you  don't just throw it in the wastebasket; you put them in a burn bag.   Each law clerk has next to his or her desk a tall brown paper bag  with stripes on it, and at the end of the day someone comes around and  collects the contents of those burn bags. And they shred them. My  understanding is that they shred them a couple times so that the  documents are reduced not just to long, thin ribbons of paper that have  been cut apart but they have been cut multiple times so that it is a  fine mist of confetti.   It is also my understanding and was at the time that before any of  that even left the building, they would take it to an incinerator--that  confetti--and they would burn it and they would grind it up into an  ashy pulp, perhaps put some water in there, creating a slurry, so that  no one could look at what was previously a draft opinion and discern  what is going to happen.   You see, lives are at stake. Power is at stake. Sometimes an enormous  amount of money is at stake. All these things matter, and the Court  wants to make sure that the opinions go out only when they are ready.   Every day was filled with a sense of seriousness and of duty, a  seriousness felt by everyone, even and especially when there was  disagreement. The ability to deliberate and discuss these complicated  legal principles through the process of writing, editing, and sharing  opinions with their colleagues is how the Justices are able to distill  legal principles and arrive at proper legal conclusions and to do so,  moreover, in a way that is respectful of the litigants and of each  member of the Court. That is why their work is guarded from public  scrutiny at this stage and why a breach of confidentiality such as what  we have witnessed this week is so damaging.   And, to be clear, this is unprecedented. I can't think of another  instance of this happening over the Court's entire history--certainly  in modern history. I can't think of another instance in all of history  in which something like this has happened, as the Court and its  personnel have had a long history and a proud tradition of taking great  care in these matters.   Yet while I am convinced that this leak may have been an attempt to  intimidate the Justices and the majority, perhaps an effort to get them  to change their position, I am also confident that this attempt will  not succeed. And it must not succeed. Chief Justice Roberts said this  very thing in his official statement, and he announced that an  investigation into the leak will take place. I trust him and the other  Justices and the Office of the Marshal at the Supreme Court to steer  the Court through this storm and to oversee this investigation.    The overwhelming feelings that I have today really are of joy--joy in  the probable outcome of this case--and pride in being a former law  clerk to Justice Alito, for whom I clerked twice: once when he was  serving on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit and again  while he was on the Supreme Court.   The draft opinion overturns Roe v. Wade and Planned Parenthood v.  Casey, stating that they ``must be overruled and the authority to  regulate abortion must be returned to the people and their elected  representatives,'' noting correctly that the Constitution neither  explicitly nor implicitly protects a right to abortion.   Every human life, born and unborn, has immeasurable dignity and  worth, each unrepeatable and infinitely valuable. The lives of an  unborn baby and her mother and her father matter, and  [[Page S2305]]  the Court overturning prior precedents such as Roe and Casey is not  unprecedented--not at all. In fact, some of the Court's most  consequential and lauded decisions overturned prior rulings.   Justice Alito compared the damage wrought by Roe to that of the  ``separate but equal'' doctrine created in Plessy v. Ferguson. Now,  thankfully, the Supreme Court of the United States in Brown v. Board of  Education overturned Plessy, putting an end to racially segregated  schools, just as it appears now poised to overturn the erroneous  decisions in Roe and in Casey.   The opinion is exceptionally well reasoned, thorough, and grounded in  the Constitution. It also means that in States across our country,  including in my home State of Utah, hundreds of thousands of unborn  children--children who could not be protected by State law due to  restrictions placed on them by an invented, nonexistent constitutional  doctrine created out of whole cloth in Roe and in Casey--now have some  chance at being protected, depending, of course, on which decision  makers in which States make which decisions regarding the protection of  human life.   As Americans, we must not--we can never forget what is at stake. If  this majority decision stands, those who recognize the sanctity of  human life--like myself and like a majority of Utahns--will have much  to celebrate, but we must also recognize that this is not the end of  this chapter in American history. The efforts of the last half century  have not been done just simply to overturn Roe.   You see, getting to this point, the point that the Court has  apparently reached, means that this discussion can finally begin. It is  a discussion that has been closed out. Debatable matters have been  rendered beyond debate. This, of course, is the vision of a post-Roe  America. This is why overturning Roe matters. What happens next with  regard to abortion will be determined by the people of the 50 States  through their elected leaders, as our constitutional command of  federalism demands.   Now, some States, like Utah, already have laws in place to protect  the most vulnerable among us the moment that Roe and Casey are  overturned. I hope and pray that many innocent lives will be saved, not  just in my State but all throughout our country. And I pray for all  nine Justices' safety and for our country.   We all know and we have to remember that the laws adopted in one  State will be different than the laws adopted in another. Part of  living in a pluralistic society, part of living in our constitutional  Republic requires us to accept the idea that people have different  opinions; they have different views. Regional differences appear from  one State to another. I predict that the laws of Utah with regard to  the protection of preborn human life may differ considerably from those  of Vermont; that the laws of Massachusetts may differ in meaningful  ways from those in Mississippi.   Overturning Roe v. Wade and Casey v. Planned Parenthood does not do  almost any of the things that are recited in the parade of horribles  that those who are condemning this decision already have recited. Among  the more frequent and perplexing arguments is that the overturning of  Roe v. Wade and Casey v. Planned Parenthood somehow signals or will  result in the demise of democracy.   Nothing could be further from the truth. In fact, it is difficult to  understand how anyone could even make this argument with a straight  face. I don't mean here--not referring to their underlying position; I  am referring to the specific argument that this somehow represents a  threat to democracy. Quite the opposite is true.   By overturning Roe v. Wade and Casey v. Planned Parenthood, what the  Supreme Court will be doing, the very thing it will be allowing is for  the democratic process to unfold, for people to make laws as they deem  fit in their respective States.   You see, all powers not granted by the Constitution to the Federal  Government and not prohibited by the Constitution to the States remain  to be made with the States or with the people themselves. That is what  this does. So if we want to talk about democratic principles, this will  further democratic principles. It will advance republican democracy,  not undermine it.   Another argument that has been made that I find equally perplexing is  the suggestion that this somehow amounts to zealots on the Supreme  Court of the United States dictating to women across America decisions  regarding abortion. That is also not true. There is nothing about  overturning Roe v. Wade and Casey v. Planned Parenthood that requires  that anyone do anything beyond the fact that it is lifting previously  recognized but nonexistent impediments to State governments to protect  unborn human life.   To those who have raised these concerns, to those who disagree with  my views on the sanctity of unborn human life--and I recognize that  there are those who do; many of them, in fact--I would direct them to  their respective State-elected officials, specifically their State  legislatures. That is where this decision is to be made. It is not to  be made by the Supreme Court of the United States. They can't  criminalize anything. It is not within their power. They are just  deciding who gets to decide what. Different States are going to decide  this differently, but that is part of the entire constitutional design.   What Justice Alito wrote in this draft opinion is something that I  hope will stand. It is absolutely right. It is unassailable from a  constitutional standpoint, and it is absolutely essential to restore  the American people to that which is rightfully theirs.   I remain deeply troubled by those who appear, whether by leaking this  opinion, characterizing it in ways that are unfair, threatening to pack  the Supreme Court of the United States, talking about passing  legislation that would increase the number of seats on the Supreme  Court--these are all efforts designed to degrade, to denigrate and  delegitimize the Supreme Court of the United States.   To those who have any inclination to do such a thing, I would say  this: Roe v. Wade has stood in place nearly my entire life. Since I was  old enough to understand it throughout my entire life, I have regarded  it as a really bad decision, a very wrong decision.   Notwithstanding that, I have always regarded and still regard the  Supreme Court of the United States, despite its flaws--flaws stemming  from the fact that it is run by fallible, mortal human beings who  sometimes make mistakes--despite its flaws, it is the greatest tribunal  of its kind anywhere in the world. We would not want to substitute it  because there is no better court of last resort anywhere in the world,  even with its flaws. We must not risk what would come if we continue to  delegitimize the Court.   In the meantime, I am grateful that the Court appears finally to be  on the verge of correcting this grave injustice, and I look forward to  the debates and the discussions that will occur once and for all by the  people's elected representatives. These decisions will now be able to  be made by the people's elected lawmakers and not by unelected,  unaccountable jurists who lack authority to make that decision on  behalf of all Americans.   I continue to pray for the Court and for our country. Heaven knows  our Republic needs it.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I call up my motion to instruct conferees,  which is at the desk.    Mr. President, Americans are facing an affordability crisis.  In my home State of Utah, the average household is having to pay an  additional $702 every month just for basic living expenses relative to  what they paid every month at the beginning of last year.   Inflation is unsustainable. Energy is one primary driver of  inflation, and this administration's senseless energy policies are  largely to blame. The House's version of this bill contains more of  these damaging policies that will hurt Americans, and hurt Utahns in  particular, while they can least afford it.   My motion instructs conferees not to include the House provisions,  including one sending $2 billion per year indefinitely to developing  countries to support their supply of zero emissions vehicles; another  provision that would send $8 billion to the U.N.'s green climate fund,  which has historically given money to China; as well as another  provision expressing the sense of Congress that the United States  should implement the Paris Agreement, which is estimated to lead to a  20 percent increase in the costs for the average American family's  electric bill and shrink our national GDP by $2.5 trillion.   Americans can't afford these energy policies. My motion will make  sure that they don't have to pay for them.    I call for the yeas and nays.   