 Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished chairwoman and  Mr. Keller, my colleague and friend from Pennsylvania, for their  leadership on H.R. 7337, the Access for Veterans to Records Act.   The Access for Veterans to Records Act will help provide the National  Archives and Records Administration resources desperately needed to  address veterans' records requests.    The records center houses records that are essential for veterans to  receive the service-related benefits they need, including medical  treatment, unemployment assistance, and emergency housing.   The records center was already behind the curve when it came to  investing in records digitization, creating a massive backlog. The  pandemic then exacerbated that problem.   Although NPRC has reduced the backlog to 515,000 from a peak of  603,000, it is still preventing veterans from receipt of the records  they need. It can't be an acceptable standard.   The Access for Veterans to Records Act requires NARA to submit a  detailed plan for eliminating the backlog and authorizes $60 million to  improve the situation.   This legislative effort works in lockstep with the National Archives  and Records Administration's own efforts to secure funding from the  Federal Technology Modernization Fund. At the urging of the chairwoman,  myself, and others, the National Archives applied for and received a  $9.1 million award from the Technology Modernization Fund to do just  that.   Projects like this one at the National Archives are precisely why we  created the Technology Modernization Fund. Proactive investments in  effective technologies make Federal programs work and will serve our  veterans well.   Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the chairwoman of the  full committee, and my friend, Mr. Keller from Pennsylvania, for their  strong support for righting a wrong.   Federal firefighters and law enforcement officers put their lives on  the line every day for us. America depends on brave men and women to  serve in these demanding, arduous, and hazardous duty positions. These  individuals face the very real daily potential that an on-the-job  injury could leave them disabled and unable to return to their previous  service.   Given the hazardous nature of the job required of Federal first  responders, Congress recognized that risk and created an accelerated  retirement system for these positions and established a mandatory  retirement age of 57.   Referred to as 6(c) for the section of the law in which this system  was created, Federal first responders are qualified for an annuity  after serving 20 years and reaching the age of 50. They pay a greater  percentage of their salaries into this retirement system, and their  annuity amount is calculated at a higher rate than other Federal  employees recognizing the risks they take.   Unfortunately, not all Federal first responders can complete those 20  years of service. In cases where Federal first responders become  injured and are no longer able to complete the essential functions of  their jobs, they can be placed in civil service positions that don't  qualify for 6(c) benefits. Any Federal first responder transferred to  the FERS retirement system loses their eligibility to retire after 20  years of service no matter how many years they have got in the system  or how much they paid into it.   Additionally, the employee is not reimbursed for the higher  contributions required of them to be in the 6(c) system. The years of  service are credited as if the Federal first responder who is injured  had been in the normal 30-year retirement system for the Federal  employees.   The First Responder Fair RETIRE Act offers a correction to current  law and rights this wrong, authorizing Federal first responders to stay  in 6(c) retirement if they are placed in a position outside of that  system after returning to work from a duty-related injury. The bill  also allows those employees to receive a refund of their accelerated  contributions should they be separated from service.   The First Responder Fair RETIRE Act allows the Federal Government to  uphold the retirement promise it made to its first responders. These  first responders are Capitol Police officers, Secret Service agents,  and other Federal law enforcement officers and firefighters across  numerous Federal agencies.   For example, Bob Beckley was a smokejumper out West with the U.S.  Forest Service. He parachuted out of a plane in 1985, and he landed in  a tree in the Selway-Bitterroot Wilderness area in Idaho trying to stop  a blaze. The tree's branches broke, dropping Mr. Beckley 80 feet and  breaking his back in five places. He died twice before he could be  revived and evacuated.   After--thank God--his recovery, Mr. Beckley, 10 years into his  firefighting career, chose to work for the Forest Service in another  position, but the reward for his bravery, his injury, and his service  was his removal from the 6(c) retirement system. He watched his  firefighter brothers and sisters all retire with full benefits at the  20-year mark that he no longer qualified for.    I will also highlight the story of Justin Moore, a U.S. Capitol  Police officer right here in the U.S. Capitol. He was severely injured  by being beaten right here in this Capitol on January 6. I heard  firsthand from Justin and his colleagues about their heroism defending  each and every one of us from a violent mob. Justin was beaten from  behind with a blunt object suffering severe concussions, contusions,  and several crushed vertebrae in his neck. In just a few weeks, Justin  will undergo what is likely career-ending surgery. He may no longer be  physically able to perform his law enforcement duties. Seventeen years  into his career, Justin--a veteran and father of three--will lose the  retirement benefits he has paid into when he is reassigned to a  civilian position just 3 years short of qualifying.   We want to incentivize our first responders to continue their service  to this Nation. We shouldn't punish them for injuries they sustained  protecting us, and we should reward their actions with continued  inclusion in the retirement system they signed up for at the start of  their service.   This bill is endorsed by the Federal Law Enforcement Officers  Association, the National Fraternal Order of Police, the National  Federation of Federal Employees, the International Association of  Firefighters, the National Association of Police Organizations, the  National Treasury Employees Union, and the Senior Executive  Association.   Mr. Speaker, I thank our 22 bipartisan cosponsors, and, in  particular, my original cosponsors: Brian Fitzpatrick and   James  Langevin. I thank the chairwoman for her leadership and support on this  important endeavor.   