 Mr. Speaker, I thank my esteemed colleague from  Louisiana, who I rely on. If you are going to be worth anything as a  military commander, you rely on the folks who work for you. And I can  tell you, I spent a lot of time with lawyers, and the gentleman is the  best when it comes to constitutional law. So I am proud to be here with  him today to talk about kind of a certain level of, you could say,  lawlessness.   President Biden's favorite policy, public policy shop, also known as  the CDC, announced that it would lift title 42, which has been used  nearly 2 million times since March of 2020, to remove illegal  immigrants.   When title 42 is lifted this May, even more illegal immigrants will  be incentivized to cross our southern border. This will spark an  unprecedented surge, considering that we have already experienced  record-high illegal border crossings under President Biden in his first  year plus.    As border violations rise, so does the number of violent criminals  allowed into our communities. I regret these circumstances forced upon  our Nation by President Biden's careless policies. Because of this, we  must be prepared for more illegal immigrant crime.   For this reason, I will be introducing legislation next week called  the Victims of Immigration Crime Engagement Restoration Act, or the  VOICE Restoration Act.   VOICE was an office set up by President Trump to connect victims of  illegal immigrant crimes; connect them to their legal representatives,  to any witnesses, with supportive resources like a hotline to answer  questions, local contacts, Social Services referrals, and information  about the custody status of detained illegal immigrants.   In 2021, President Biden dismantled VOICE--I repeat, dismantled  VOICE.   Think, for a second, what that says about him and his policies, and  what he thinks about innocent American citizens.   My legislation will permanently reinstate the VOICE office, and I  look forward to sharing more of the details soon.   We have an out-of-control crisis on our southern border; predictable  and avoidable, but it is so massive that it is impacting cities and  towns all across our country.   The Democrat leadership in Congress and in the White House have done  nothing about this. This must change soon. And I know it is going to  change here in probably about another 8 months, because we are going to  have some new leadership.   And my promise to you, as a marine who doesn't know the word  ``quit,'' is that, in the meantime, every day between now and then, I  won't stop fighting, along with others, to secure our borders.   