 Madam President, over the last few decades, globalization  has completely reshaped the international economic order. Economies  around the world have become interconnected, relying on one another  from agricultural products to energy, to manufacturing capabilities.   It seemed to be the rule of thumb that whoever could produce a  product at the lowest price got the business and the jobs that went  along with it.   But we are increasingly seeing vulnerabilities that this  interdependence creates with some of the clearest examples surfacing  during the COVID-19 pandemic.   The United States, for example, leans heavily on China for masks,  gloves, and gowns, personal protective equipment, and for ventilators-- all of which were absolutely necessary during the beginning of the  pandemic and continuing on until today. But for a long time, that  wasn't a problem, until COVID-19 showed up.   I still remember the phone call I had with the Governor of Texas, my  friend Greg Abbott. At the beginning of the pandemic, I said,  ``Governor, what do you need?'' He said, ``We need testing and we need  PPE,'' personal protective equipment, almost all of which is made  overseas in China.   China, as it turns out, held on to most of the supply for its own  hospitals and healthcare workers, leaving the rest of the world to  compete for the limited supply that remained.   Suddenly, we were unable to provide our healthcare providers with the  personal protective equipment they needed to protect themselves while  they served others--namely, the rest of us, their patients.   As supply chain struggles grew and expanded, it wasn't just medical  equipment that proved to be a problem. Everything from cleaning  products to automobiles were impacted.   We began to realize that one of the biggest vulnerabilities is  semiconductors, which are critical components for our most used  products: things like smart phones, computers, televisions, cars,  airplanes, cell towers, and just about everything else with an off-and- on switch.   Again, the source of our chip supply didn't used to be a problem.  About three decades ago, the United States manufactured 37 percent of  the world's semiconductors. But as our reliance on these chips has gone  up, our production has gone down; and today, instead of 37 percent of  the world's semiconductors, the United States produces only 12 percent  of the global share.   Again, these microcircuits have become invaluable in this  technological age because, literally, everything with an off-and-on  switch requires semiconductors--and I mean everything.   The lion's share of semiconductor manufacturing--more than 60 percent  of the world's supply--is in Taiwan, which, as we know, is being  threatened with invasion by the People's Republic of China. But it is  not just the threat of armed invasion that risks that supply chain; it  is also the possibility of another pandemic or a natural disaster.   This flashing red light has prompted the Senate to take action by  passing the CHIPS for America Act, which I introduced along with the  senior Senator from Virginia, Mr. Warner, which was designed to  incentivize U.S. semiconductor manufacturing.   And in the coming weeks, I hope we can finally get a bill to the  President's desk that funds these critical programs and puts us on a  path to more domestic semiconductor manufacturing because of those  risks to the supply chain.   In short, a crisis hit, it exposed our vulnerabilities, and we acted.   That is exactly what we need to do now regarding energy security. Let  me explain.   In many ways, the risks we are seeing with the global energy supply  today are similar to those risks we experienced with critical  components like semiconductors. Much of the world relies on a single  country for a critical product, and decisions made by a dictator could  lead to that supply being cut off at a moment's notice.   When our allies are looking to adversaries for our most basic needs  like heating, electricity, fuel, it creates huge vulnerabilities and  sky-high prices at the same time.   This was underscored in January of 2009, when Russia effectively  turned the gas off to Ukraine for almost 3 weeks. This affected at  least 10 countries in Europe whose natural gas traveled through  Ukraine. Russia is still the dominant gas supplier for Europe,  including Ukraine. Last year, Russia supplied 40 percent of Europe's  natural gas.   In 2020, Russia was the third largest producer of petroleum and other  liquid fuels and the second largest producer of natural gas. This gives  Vladimir Putin a tremendous amount of not only power but ready cash.  And as we are seeing on our TV screens, that money is being used for  the most nefarious of purposes: to kill innocent Ukrainian civilians.   After coming under intense pressure by both Democrats and  Republicans, I am glad that the administration has finally announced a  ban on Russian oil imports into the United States.   We know exactly where the money they get from selling this commodity  is going, and we cannot continue to supply Putin with blood money.   I am disappointed it did take a while for the President to see the  merits of this action and only after it was clear that Congress, on a  bipartisan basis, was prepared to act.   Our colleagues in both Chambers have produced numerous proposals to  ban Russian imports, while pushing the administration to take action.   Over the weekend, Democrats on the House Ways and Means Committee  announced a bipartisan bill to do just that, but the press release,  once posted on the website, was quickly taken  [[Page S1037]]  down, strangely enough. Reporting indicates that the White House  intervened to get that press release taken down off the House Ways and  Means website because it didn't want to look like it was being boxed  into taking action on Russian oil imports.   But to his credit, once the President saw the writing on the wall, he  decided to take action, but he made it seem like it was his idea, even  though we all know his hand was forced by bipartisan support in the  Congress.   There has never been a more critical moment to reevaluate our  reliance on rogue regimes for our energy supply. If we want to protect  ourselves and our allies from the whims of a power-hungry dictator, we  need to get serious about energy security.   In recent years, conversations about energy policy have been consumed  by debates about the environmental impact of fossil fuels, which are  important, but often, they are not well informed.   Some of our colleagues have proposed everything from fracking bans in  the Green New Deal to net-zero carbon deadlines.   Well, those efforts may bring down America's share of global  emissions, but it would come at a grave cost to global energy security.  And the truth is, whether it is the Russians or the Chinese or India,  developing nations with growing economies, they may pay lip service to  some of the goals of a carbon-free future; but this is at the same time  that China is building more coal-fired powerplants than any other  nation on Earth.   So they really say one thing and do another, for fairly obvious  reasons. They understand that constraining your own energy supply will  have a negative impact on their economy and job growth and stability in  each of those countries.   But I want to be clear: I support efforts to diversify our energy  sources and reduce emissions. That is why in Texas we embraced what is  called ``all of the above'' as an energy strategy that includes oil and  gas, nuclear, wind, solar, you name it. We embrace all of it.   But we have learned a long time ago that solar and wind energy are  dependent on the weather, for example, or the time of day, because the  Sun doesn't always shine and the wind doesn't always blow. That is why  you need a reliable base load of electricity and energy, primarily fuel  from natural gas, some from nuclear and the like.   On top of that diversification of your energy supply which has proven  to be so important and so successful in reducing emissions yet  maintaining energy security, Texas companies are also making serious  strides in energy innovation. We are finding new ways to sequester  carbon emissions, for example, and other ways to make our most  available and affordable energy sources cleaner.   I believe we need to do more to encourage innovation and  diversification of our energy sources, but those efforts must not come  at the cost of security.   Our top priority must be to ensure that the United States and our  allies have reliable access to energy needed to keep the lights on and  their economy running. And we need to stop Putin and other dictators  from getting rich off of our dependence and holding democracies like  Ukraine hostage.   Suffice it to say that the Biden administration has not addressed a  plan to do that. From day one, the administration has taken actions  that undermine America's energy security and send even more business to  Russia and Saudi Arabia.   Only hours after being sworn in, President Biden cancelled the permit  to the Keystone XL Pipeline and halted all new energy leasing and  permitting on public lands and waters.   His administration has effectively discouraged investments in new  production here at home, and the U.S. is producing significantly less  oil. It is now down by 1.2 million barrels per day from pre-Biden  administration days.   Without question, the most logical response to the current global  energy crisis is to boost production of U.S. energy sources. We can  reap the economic benefits of strong production here at home and supply  our friends and allies with reliable energy around the world and, in  the process, enhancing their energy security, making them less  dependent on people like Vladimir Putin.   But producers aren't able to turn on a dime. They are not able to  increase their capacity overnight; but it is important for us to begin  to take the steps now to strengthen our domestic energy production in  light of the developments in Ukraine and in Europe.   The sooner the Biden administration views oil and gas producers as  necessary rather than expendable, the better off we will all be.   That is not what the White House has suggested, by the way. In fact,  they seem to be suggesting a completely different route.   The Biden administration doesn't want to supply Europe with more  American energy; he wants to help them shift their reliance from one  oil-rich dictator to another. Good-bye, Russia; hello, Iran; hello,  Venezuela. The administration is looking to other rogue regimes to  supply the energy that should be produced here in America.   The White House is trying to revive the ill-considered Iran nuclear  deal, and the White House press secretary acknowledged that a new deal  would mean more oil from Iran for global markets.   It is reportedly considering a trip to Saudi Arabia to ask the  Kingdom to pump more oil--not here in America, but go to Saudi Arabia,  hat in hand, and say: Will you please produce more oil to help us bring  down the price of gasoline?   We even hear that the Biden administration is trying to ease  sanctions on Venezuela and funnel Putin's profits to Maduro.   The fact the Biden administration is beating down the doors of the  Ayatollah, the Crown Prince, and Maduro rather than easing burdens on  American producers is a bad joke. It is absurd. It makes no sense  whatsoever.   Now, ideologues may oppose American fossil fuels, but the  administration's reflexive opposition to U.S. producers is creating  serious risks for our security, not to mention the high prices that  consumers pay at the pump.   We are blessed to live in a resource-rich country, and there is no  reason to put the energy security of the United States and our allies  at risk because President Biden worries about angering the progressive  radical left of his own political party.   If the Biden administration continues to wage war on American fossil  fuels, it will create huge vulnerabilities for the United States and  our allies.   Now, I am not suggesting we revive the 1970s oil export ban and  implement isolationist energy policies, but we do need to take decisive  action to reduce the world's reliance on authoritarian regimes.   Just as the pandemic led us to reevaluate vulnerable supply chains,  this war in Ukraine has opened our eyes and, hopefully, given us the  opportunity to reevaluate global energy security.   I hope this crisis will serve as a reset button for those energy  security efforts, and I hope we can find some common ground between  Democrats and Republicans to reconsider the ideological and reflexive  opposition to American fossil fuels because the consequences in terms  of world peace and energy security are too serious not to revisit those  preconceived notions before the Ukrainian invasion.   I yield the floor.   