 Mr. Speaker, there are many good things about this CR.  One of the best is that it won't shut down the government.   It is shocking to me that our Republican colleagues seem to want to  shut down the government, with all of these services and necessary  things it does for the people of the United States.   This CR does many good things. I want to focus on one of them, the  87,000 extra new agents to be hired for enforcement by the Internal  Revenue Service. That is an excellent thing because what will they do?  They will go after the rich people.   By the terms of the statute, by the terms of the CR, they cannot be  used for enforcement of taxes against anybody earning less than  $400,000, so we are not talking about the middle class.   The rich people in this country are cheating. They are cheating  tremendously. They are cheating to the tune of tens of billions of  dollars because they know they can get away with it and because there  is no manpower or womanpower to enforce the law. This will give us the  manpower to enforce the law.    Mr. Speaker, this will give us the manpower to enforce  the law and to make sure that the rich pay their fair share, and,  therefore, there can be more services for the middle class and for low- income people in this country, which is exactly what the government is  for.   This is one of the best things it does. Mr. Speaker, I urge everyone  to vote for the CR, in particular, because of the 87,000 extra agents  that the Internal Revenue Service will have to enforce taxes against  rich tax cheats.    Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 1404, I call up  the bill (H.R. 8987) to amend the Justice for United States Victims of  State Sponsored Terrorism Act to authorize appropriations for catch-up  payments from the United States Victims of State Sponsored Terrorism  Fund, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may  have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and  insert extraneous material on H.R. 8987.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, the Fairness for 9/11 Families Act would provide a  catch-up payment to thousands of 9/11 victims, spouses, and dependents  who were unfairly excluded from the U.S. Victims of State Sponsored  Terrorism Fund when it was first established in 2015.   While no amount of money can ever make up for the incalculable loss  that they suffered on September 11, this legislation would ensure that  they are fairly compensated for their claims against those responsible  for one of our Nation's darkest days.   In 2015, Congress created the United States Victims of State  Sponsored Terrorism Fund to provide compensation for individuals with  terrorism judgments against designated state sponsors of terrorism.   At the time, those who had received payments from the September 11th  Victim Compensation Fund--primarily victims, spouses, and children-- were precluded from receiving funds from the VSSTF.   Their exclusion from the fund led to a perverse result by which other  family members who were not eligible for payments under the VCF could  receive compensation from the VSSTF--in some cases, substantially more  than what was paid out under the VCF--while victims, spouses, and  children were excluded from the fund, despite also having claims.   Congress corrected this injustice in 2019, and a year later it tasked  the Government Accountability Office with calculating a lump-sum catch- up payment that would bring those who initially had been wrongly  excluded from the VSSTF into parity with those individuals who had been  included in the fund when it was first created.   The Fairness for 9/11 Families Act fully funds these catch-up  payments, offset by funds no longer needed to implement the Paycheck  Protection Program. I thank Senators Menendez and Schumer for their  partnership on this legislation and for all of their efforts to provide  justice and support to 9/11 families over the years.   I also thank the many victims and family members whose advocacy and  determination were essential to bringing this legislation forward.  Although nothing can make up for 20 years of missed birthdays,  anniversaries, and memories for those who lost loved ones on September  11, I hope that these funds can provide some measure of comfort and  justice to the people whose lives were changed forever that day.   As we pass this legislation, we must not forget the survivors and  first responders who continue to suffer the health effects of the 9/11  attacks. As I always have, I will continue to fight to ensure that  these people have the care they need. We can, and we must, look after  everyone who was affected that fateful day.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support the Fairness for 9/11  Families Act, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished  gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee).    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentlewoman from Texas.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Connecticut (Ms. DeLauro).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Pelosi), the distinguished Speaker of the House.    Mr. Speaker, when our Nation was attacked on September  11, we made a commitment on that terrible day to support the victims  and their families. The Fairness for 9/11 Families honors that  commitment.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support this legislation, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   