 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, like you, I am proud to represent the  city of Chicago. On Friday, returning back home to Chicago, I had a  chance to see the best of that great city. I traveled to the Salvation  Army Freedom Center in Humboldt Park, in the city of Chicago, where  residents from around our city have come together to welcome the  families who are seeking refuge in America.   Our city's agencies, State agencies, members of the faith community,  and kind families have stepped up to provide supplies--the basics:  clothing and such--and a safe place to sleep for many of these people  who have come to America. These modest acts of generosity have changed  everything for the families who have arrived at that Salvation Army  Freedom Center because, for the first time in months, they feel safe  and secure. And that is exactly why they left their home in the first  place: to survive.   In Chicago, we are honored to offer a warm, welcoming hand to these  families escaping unimaginable circumstances because in them we see  ourselves, we see America, we see our history as a nation. And for me,  personally, I see my own family.   Back in 1911, a young Lithuanian woman set sail for America. She  carried two things with her: her Catholic prayer book, published the  year before the Czars outlawed it in the nation of Lithuania; and her  2-year-old daughter Ona, my mother.   More than a century stands between my mother's arrival in America and  the arrival of families I met Friday, but in many ways it is the same  story. America opened its doors to my family all those years ago and  gave us a chance to find a place for a new land of opportunity. Today,  it is our responsibility to welcome families fleeing violence and  persecution, families seeking nothing more than safety and a fair shot.  This is fundamental to who we are as Americans, but, sadly, it seems  that some in politics think otherwise.   You see, there is a reason these families arrived in Chicago, and it  is not because they booked a bus on their own accord. It is because the  Governor of Texas has chosen to exploit this humanitarian challenge to  score political points. When these families arrived at our Nation's  border seeking asylum, what did the Governor of Texas do? He didn't  help. He took advantage of the fear and confusion. He rounded these  families up, boarded them onto a bus, and shipped them to cities like  Chicago and New York without even telling them where they were headed  and without any consultation with their destination States. This is  cruelty of the highest degree.   The Governor of Texas didn't provide any notice to Illinois or  Chicago. He bused them to our Union Station downtown, nearly 1,500  miles away from their Texas border, without sending as much as a text  message in advance. No logic. No rationale. Just plain meanness.   Look, we can have reasonable disagreements about how to address the  situation at our Nation's border, but there is no excuse for playing  games with human lives. It is not the first time. Sadly, it is the  playbook for many of the other party. You will recall when President  Trump, the nominee or candidate, stood up and said they are all  murderers and rapists coming in from Mexico, or do you remember when  more than a thousand children--infants and toddlers--were separated  from their parents at the border? Some of them are still adrift, never  being reunited with their families.   One of the people I met on Friday was a man named Carlos. He and his  wife are from Venezuela, a country with an economic and political  crisis so severe that their family feared persecution and was on the  brink of starvation, even though Carlos was a hard worker, always  looking for a job.   So on May 15--May 15--Carlos and his wife did what they needed to do.  Imagine this, if you will. They picked up their two children--a 5-year- old little girl and a 1-year-old infant--and set out on a trip to the  United States. They set out on foot to reach the Texas-Mexico border.  Their journey was a nightmare: violence, theft, and exploitation.   Carlos told me that at one point he thought he would die, with his  wife and kids forced to spend nine nights in a Panamanian jungle. They  were finally rescued by a local military force, but they had lost all  their money, their cell phones. Everything had been stolen.   They didn't quit. They were determined, slowly making their way  across Central America, primarily on foot, stopping from time to time.  Carlos said: I would take any work they would give me. I would sell  things on the street--whatever it was--to feed my family.   It took 4 long months for them to reach our Nation's border, and they  had no destination in mind when they arrived, no contacts. They simply  followed instructions, and then they were placed on a bus by the  Governor of Texas that took them to the city of Chicago.   Carlos had no intention of ending up in this great city when he and  his family arrived in America, but he told me,  [[Page S4532]]  with real gratitude, that he wanted to stay in Chicago. I warned him to  get ready for the winter. They have been amazed by the welcome they  have received from the Salvation Army and from so many others--Catholic  Charities and other groups--that stepped up to help.   That is a similar sentiment I heard expressed by another man I met on  Friday, William. William is 42 years old. He sat down next to me as I  was talking to this family. I thought he was a translator. He happily  listened to the conversation back-and-forth. Finally, I turned to him  and said: So what is your story? Again, he left Venezuela, left his  family behind, and is hoping to get some work here so he can send some  money back to his family.   We talked about what he would do, and it was literally anything; he  would take any job. I asked him if he had any family or friends in the  United States. You know what he told me? He said: ``I have you.''   Before I left on Friday, both Carlos and William had something else  to say to me. They both asked me the same question: When can I go to  work? It should be a simple answer because the reality is they are  legally in the country now awaiting a hearing on their ultimate status.  That hearing could be a matter of months or years. And there are no  shortage of work opportunities in Chicago and all across the country.  Plenty of businesses--restaurants, entertainment venues, nursing homes,  landscaping--all of them would be happy to hire them, but under the  law, currently, they cannot do that because asylum seekers like Carlos  and William could be years away from the final determination of their  status in America.   They are at least prohibited for the first 6 months from taking any  kind of legal employment in the United States. How did that happen? We  let them in the country. Yet we wouldn't even allow them to work to  feed their families.   Well, you won't be surprised to know that was a decision by the Trump  administration. This administration of President Biden is trying to  change it, but, in the meantime, they are faced with a horrible  dilemma, a Jean Valjean moment if there ever was one--when they are  trying to find some way to feed their families, but if they take a job  and are paid for it in any way, they risk deportation. This is yet  another example of a broken immigration system.   The system has failed not just these families but our Nation's  economy as well. We have 10 million unfilled jobs in this country. We  have 5 million unemployed Americans. There are jobs in every direction.  A leading restauranteur in Chicago, whom the Presiding Officer knows  very well, said to me: If you took the undocumented workers out of the  restaurants in Chicago, you would turn out the lights.   Behind those swinging doors in each of those restaurants are  undocumented people doing the hard work: the dishwashing, the food prep  and cleanup that is part of being a restaurant. And the same thing is  true when we talk about other areas.   I had a visit from the Farm Bureau of Illinois, and they told me just  pointblank: We are desperate for workers, for migrant workers, to pick  the crops at Alto Pass orchards in Southern Illinois, to work in the  dairy farms and dairy operations in Northwestern Illinois.   In every direction, they need these workers, and they need them now-- farm workers, ag workers. And it isn't just in the Midwest. It is  across the Nation, and yet we don't have a system that allows for these  people to come to this country and to legally work. It doesn't make any  sense.   Now, of course, there are standards we ought to apply. They shouldn't  be offered any job that hasn't been offered first to an American. That  is our first obligation. I get it. And we ought to make sure that if  they are going to be here, they are good people.   I don't believe we should knowingly allow any dangerous person to  come into this country or to stay. If they are guilty of crimes while  they are here, they should be punished and deported, period. The  standards we should establish should keep our country safe, first and  foremost.   But, secondly, we have seen over the past 4 years, under the previous  President, a complete downturn in the immigrants coming into this  country to work, and that is why there are so many shortages in our  current workforce. We can do better, and we should do better.   And there is a problem we have that is very fundamental. Our Nation's  birth rate is not keeping up with our demands for new workers. We have  to accept that reality, particularly when it comes to entry level  positions.   We are a nation desperate for workers, particularly young, able- bodied people like those two men that I met. But we can't put them to  work under the law as it stands today. How does that make any sense?   It is the same story for millions of people living throughout our  hemisphere. Even though American employers should be willing to sponsor  them, there are few, viable legal immigration pathways to bring them to  America, and, as a result, the arduous journey to the Mexican-American  border is the only option they have.   I will be the first to agree with my colleagues on the other side in  saying we need an orderly process at the border, and we do not have it  today.   I am chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee. We have the  responsibility of writing the laws on immigration. And you say to  yourself: Well, Senator, why haven't you done it?   And I can tell you why: Because our committee is evenly divided--11  Democrats, 11 Republicans, as is the Senate, 50-50--making it extremely  difficult to pass anything controversial.   It was 7 or 8 years ago when we put together a group of 8 Senators--4  Democrats, 4 Republicans. I was glad to be part of forming that group.  John McCain, Lindsay Graham, Marco Rubio, and Jeff Flake were on the  Republican side; and on the Democratic side: myself, Chuck Schumer, Bob  Menendez, and Michael Bennet. We put together a comprehensive  immigration bill and called it on the floor of the Senate here, and it  passed with 68 votes. We were elated. We finally found that sweet spot,  that agreement.   Oh, we said to President Trump: We will build some more of your wall.  And I had second thoughts about that. But if that is what it took, we  had an agreement for a comprehensive bill.   We passed it in the Senate and sent it over to the House of  Representatives, and under Paul Ryan's Republican leadership, they  refused to call it or consider it. It died, and nothing--nothing--has  been done ever since. In fact, nothing has been done for 30 years, when  it comes to the immigration laws of this country.   Is it any wonder the problems we face?   We need an orderly process. We need to make sure that no dangerous  person is going to come into this process and do our level best to keep  them out. And we need to accept one reality, and that is that we cannot  accept everyone in the world who wants to come to America tomorrow.   The numbers are overwhelming. We have to have an orderly process and  bring those people in that help us grow as a nation.   Imagine, if you will--I thought about it from time to time in my own  family--sitting down in a small town--a small village then--in  Lithuania. Jurbarkas was the name of the village. I can't imagine what  it was like over 100 years ago, when my grandfather sat down with my  grandmother and said: We are leaving for America. We are going to the  land of opportunity. We are going to a place called East St. Louis,  IL--which is where I was born.   Imagine that decision--leaving your home, your church, your  relatives, everything behind, and going to a land where you don't speak  the language. It sounds like an incredible decision on their part, and  I marvel today that they even did it. A lot of the people around them  in their same village must have said: Oh, that family, the Kutkaite  family, they will be back.   They weren't. They came here. They endured, and because of that  endurance and determination, I am standing here today.   That kind of spirit in the DNA of people who are willing to sacrifice  everything to be part of America is something we should not dismiss.  This is not a selfish decision on the part of the heads of those  families. This is a selfless decision. For their family, they are  willing to risk everything to come to this country.  [[Page S4533]]    Now, we need an orderly process to bring them into this country, as  needed, in the right fashion, and I believe we can achieve that. But,  unfortunately, politically, we are stopped at the moment. I am going to  continue to work to try to find some bipartisan approach to this which  will solve this problem.   Our Nation's immigration system should reward hard work and the  determination that these people have to be in America. Instead of  exploiting families who are fleeing for their lives, we should all work  together to create a system that reflects the best values of America.   We are a nation of immigrants. Our diversity is our strength. Those  who say we need some kind of ethnic purity are aspiring to a goal which  does not serve us well. We have done just the opposite. We have taken  people from different sections of the world and brought them together  into the American family, and that is what is important for our future  as well.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, today the Senate is poised to confirm  another outstanding judicial nominee: Judge Salvador Mendoza, Jr.,  nominated to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals.   Judge Mendoza is a highly experienced jurist with a lifelong  commitment to public and community service. After graduating from the  University of Washington and UCLA School of Law, Judge Mendoza joined  the office of the Franklin County, WA prosecuting attorney, where he  handled a range of felony and misdemeanor cases. Following this role,  Judge Mendoza entered private legal practice, simultaneously serving as  a judge pro tempore on various Washington State municipal, district,  and juvenile courts. He then served 2 years on the Washington State  superior court.   In 2014, President Obama nominated Judge Mendoza to the Eastern  District of Washington, and the Senate confirmed him on an  overwhelmingly bipartisan vote, 92-4. Judge Mendoza has distinguished  himself on the bench, presiding over dozens of trials and demonstrating  evenhandedness and impartiality in all matters that have come before  him. And once confirmed, Judge Mendoza will be the first judge of  Hispanic origin to sit on a Washington seat on the Ninth Circuit.   The American Bar Association has unanimously rated Judge Mendoza  ``well qualified,'' and he enjoys the strong support of his home State  Senators, Mrs. Murray and Ms. Cantwell.   I will support Judge Mendoza's confirmation, and I urge my colleagues  to do the same.    I announce that the Senator from Ohio (Mr. Brown), the  Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. Hassan), the Senator from New Jersey  (Mr. Menendez), the Senator from California (Mr. Padilla), the Senator  from Michigan (Mr. Peters), the Senator from Arizona (Ms. Sinema), and  the Senator from Michigan (Ms. Stabenow) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from Ohio (Mr. Brown), the  Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. Hassan), the Senator from New Jersey  (Mr. Menendez), the Senator from Michigan (Mr. Peters), and the Senator  from Michigan (Ms. Stabenow), are necessarily absent.   