 Madam Speaker, the Constitution grants Congress the  power over the size and composition of the judiciary. The Judiciary Act  of 1789 and subsequent laws established this structure.   Since 1869, the number of Justices has been fixed at nine. Congress  has the authority to change that number. Whether Congress should  exercise this authority is another question entirely, and whether  Congress should exercise that authority in a 50/50 Senate and a single- digit majority in the House is another question.   In Sykes v. United States, Justice Scalia wrote: ``It should be no  surprise that as the volume'' of law ``increases, so do the number of  imprecise laws. . . . Fuzzy, leave-the-details-to-be-sorted-out-by-the- courts legislation is attractive to the Congressman who wants credit''  without dealing with ``the nitty-gritty.''   The real problem is that Congress doesn't want to deal with the  nitty-gritty. We want to fundraise off of top-line messages and vague  legislative text.   We write ambiguous law that leaves important details and major  questions to unelected bureaucrats. The decisions of those unelected  bureaucrats inevitably are left to be sorted out by the courts. The  Court is merely doing its job to say what the law is.   Our reaction should be to take back our Article I authority and to  clearly articulate congressional intent. If we write detailed laws,  judges will properly implement Congress' intent.   Instead, too many in this body seek to exploit congressional  inaction, choosing to double down on fundraising pleas by bashing the  courts and promising to pack judges onto the Court to guarantee their  preferred outcome.   Here is a better idea. If you can't pass the Clean Power Plan through  Congress, don't ask the EPA to implement it and then feign outrage when  the Court says, no, that is not how a democratic republic is supposed  to work.   James Madison said Congress would fight to the death to protect its  Article I authority. Unfortunately, I think what we have seen is that  Congress will fight to the death to maintain their membership in  Congress.   Now, the one way in which far too many on the left want to exert our  Article I authority is to pack the Court so Congress can continue to  outsource legislating to the bureaucratic state and then ensure the  Court gives them the decision they would like.   Madam Speaker, I urge everyone to defeat the previous question.   