 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize someone who has  made a truly exceptional contribution to this institution and to the  work that goes on here, the amazing Peggy Fields.   Peggy has served in the Clerk's Office since 2008, first as assistant  bill clerk and now as bill clerk, where she oversees an amazing team  that works late  [[Page H4026]]  nights and long hours to literally keep the House of Representatives  running.   I can spend hours talking about how incredible everyone in the  Clerk's Office is:   How they have an incredible eye for detail and never drop the ball;   How they seamlessly process the hundreds of daily submissions into  the hopper;   How they rose to the challenge of keeping this body running during a  pandemic--implementing proxy voting and the e-hopper so our work could  go on, even when it wasn't safe for all of us to be here;   And, of course, how much they believe in this institution and all  that it represents.   But I only have a few minutes, so let me just say to everyone in the  Clerk's Office that your work does not go unnoticed. It is recognized  by so many of us here in the congressional community and beyond.   Mr. Speaker, Peggy Fields started her journey to Capitol Hill 33  years ago when she went to work for former Congressman ``Bud'' Cramer,  who was then the district attorney of Madison County, Alabama.   Congressman Cramer told me that when he was sworn into Congress in  January 1991, the first employee in his Washington office was Peggy  Fields. Peggy helped run that office for 18 years, and unsurprisingly,  she was beloved by everyone. In the Congressman's office, Peggy proudly  represented her hometown of Huntsville, Alabama.   He told me that Peggy and her family are renowned in Huntsville, and  that she is and always has been devoted to the people of Huntsville, as  well as her friends and family back home.   In 2008, she joined the Office of the Clerk as an assistant bill  clerk. And her dedication and exceptional work ethic earned her the  promotion to bill clerk in July of 2021.   As if all this were not enough, Peggy will soon graduate from Wesley  Theological Seminary with a doctorate of ministry degree in church  leadership. And I want to congratulate her on that incredible  achievement.   Peggy and her team have the daunting task of processing every single  bill and cosponsor form for the House.   Mr. Speaker, as you know, the bill clerks work especially closely  with the Parliamentarian's office, because the Parliamentarian is  responsible for referring all bills on the day that they are  introduced. And the bill clerks process those referrals on the same day  as well.   Now, sometimes that means that the bill clerks and Parliamentarians  share late nights together and they get to know each other quite well.  I want to read a note sent over to me by the Parliamentarian's office  about Peggy.   ``Peggy is always such a welcoming presence to us, both on the floor  and in our offices. However, Peggy is so welcoming and kind that there  is always a noticeable uptick in bill introduction whenever she is  stationed on the floor. That is why we came to know her by the nickname  `The Bill Magnet,' we know that our workload increases whenever she is  on the floor.   ``However, always thinking of others, Peggy would make up for this  increased bill count by singing a cappella renditions of popular songs  in our office while we finished up our referrals. She is one of a kind,  the consummate public servant, and truly irreplaceable to this  institution.''   Mr. Speaker, at a time when there are a lot of challenges and  uncertainties in the world, here is someone who is doing everything she  can to make everyone's day a little bit brighter and to give back to  her community and to her country; someone who, through her dogged  willpower, incredible knowledge, and decades of experience, tackles  every challenge she faces with poise, talent, and a great sense of  humor.   Even on her team's busiest days, during their longest hours, and on  their latest nights, and during the historic and often unprecedented  times that we are living through, Peggy is a beacon of light, bringing  camaraderie and positivity to everything she does.   She has served this institution, and the people it represents, with  integrity, with honor, and with skill for the past 33 years.   Mr. Speaker, Peggy Fields is an inspiration, and her career in public  service has been nothing short of remarkable. She set out to make a  difference, and what a difference she has made.   On behalf of all of my colleagues and staff on both sides of the  aisle, past and present, and the countless people in whose lives Peggy  has made an immeasurable difference, I would like to extend this  institution's deepest and most sincere thanks to Peggy and wish her all  the best as she begins this new chapter.   Thank you, Peggy.   