 Madam President, I take this time to review with my  colleagues S. 4008, the Small Business COVID Relief Act of 2022-- legislation that Senator Schumer has set up for action tomorrow.   I want to start by saying that this bill--and the underlining bill  that it deals with, the Restaurant Revitalization Fund--was a  bipartisan product in which Democrats and Republicans worked together  to help an industry that was in desperate need, the restaurant  industry. It provided relief for their revenue losses, and we were  proud that we were able to get that passed.   The challenge was that after it was enacted, we provided $28 billion  for the restaurants under the Restaurant Revitalization Fund. In  reality, that was not enough money to cover the demand, and we found  that where close to 100,000 restaurants were able to qualify and  receive funds under that program, 170,000 were shut down through no  fault of their own.   So we went to work, Democrats and Republicans, in an effort to  rectify that inequity and help an industry that was in desperate need.   We filed legislation in August of last year. And I am proud that it  was bipartisan, joined by many of my Democratic colleagues and  Republican colleagues. I want to single out Senator Roger Wicker, who  has been the real champion on making sure that we worked in a  bipartisan manner. We were joined on the Republican side by Senator  Murkowski, Senator Ernst, Senator Cassidy, Senator Hyde-Smith, Senator  Collins, and Senator Blunt. And others have joined us during the  process.   But I want to take you back a little bit before we filed that bill in  August of last year. There was legislation filed that would replenish  the funds at $60 billion because we thought $60 billion was going to be  needed in order to complete the funding. I think Senator Sinema led the  effort in filing that legislation.   The difference between the bill that was filed for $60 billion and  the bill that we are going to be considering tomorrow is the bill  tomorrow is $48 billion less. We were able to reduce the amount of  dollars that were needed in order to carry this out. Some restaurants  have closed. We have tightened up the rules.   And we can not only do that for $12 billion less than it was  initially thought was going to be possible when we had bipartisan  support last summer, but we are now able to expand it to other related  industries--all of which have had bipartisan legislation in this body-- to provide relief. These are industries that were shut down as a result  of COVID-19. They had tremendous revenue losses and incurred tremendous  debt in order to stay in business.   So we provided in this bill--for the same $48 billion, we include  help for our gyms. We include help for Minor League Baseball,  professional leagues. We provide money for music venues. We provide  money for border businesses. We provide money for the bus industry. We  were able to do all that, and we are still less money than the original  bill that was filed last summer.   We did a couple more things in order to make sure this was done in a  very fiscally conservative way. We were able to find some offsets.  There were no offsets in those other bills. We found about $5 billion  of offsets that we put in this bill.   We did something else that was not in the original act. We required  the SBA to bring in all the applications before they allocate any  money. Now, we had them already in the restaurants. These are ones that  qualified before. But in the other areas they will receive all the  applications, and before they issue any checks, they have to make sure  they have adequate resources. If they don't, there is a pro rata  reduction so there is no further need for us to be concerned about  replenishing the funds.   All those are improvements that were made on the original bipartisan  legislation that was filed that is more considerate of the needs, less  costly, and more efficient.   Now, we have other protections that are built into this legislation.  A restaurant cannot double dip. They have to subtract the moneys that  they received under the Paycheck Protection Program, either first or  second round of funds, from what they would otherwise be qualified to  receive. They have to have a revenue loss that they can document. So  there are protections in the bill.   But I want to go to what is the major issue why we really need to  make sure we get this done. Because of the way that this was  administered, partly as a result of a court action, you had two  restaurants side by side, identical in their needs, filing their  applications on the same day. One was funded; one was not. The  restaurant that was not funded, if it is still in business today, it is  very likely that that restaurant owner is taking out loans in order to  stay in business and is still trying to be competitive to that  restaurant that is next door.   It is very possible that restaurant is having trouble getting help,  as all restaurants are having trouble getting help, but cannot compete  in salary with that restaurant that got the help and now has to compete  and try to get workers, even though they didn't get the same financial  assistance. So it is a matter of basic fairness.   I want to go one step further. We in the Congress tried to prioritize  those restaurants in underserved communities and traditionally  underserved small business owners. We set up a priority line for them  to be able to get their help under the Restaurant Revitalization Fund.  The court blocked  [[Page S2570]]  that line, and we now have small business owners who are literally  discriminated against because they were veterans or in underserved  communities.   So as a matter of fairness, we really need to get this done. The need  is there. We all know how restaurants are operating at less than full  capacity today. They are still hurting as a result of COVID-19. This is  going back and helping them in regard to their first year of losses-- something we should have done a long time ago but something that is  desperately needed to get done. So I just really wanted to explain that  to our colleagues, why we need to get this done. We finally have an  opportunity.    Now, what are we going to be doing? We are going to be working on the  motion to proceed. Now, this is not unprecedented. Let me remind my  colleagues that the original bill that funded the restaurant fund was  emergency funding. So it patterned itself after the relief we gave to  the general small business community under the Paycheck Protection  Program, which was also emergency funding.   The original bill, under the Paycheck Protection Program, was also  underestimated by hundreds of billions of dollars. And we came back-- Democrats and Republicans--in a bipartisan way and replenished that  fund literally overnight--hundreds of billions of dollars--as emergency  funding without offsets.   And now we are trying to finish what we started in regards to the  restaurants. It should be--no question about it--emergency funding; but  we are, again, trying to be as careful as possible, so we have even  found some offsets in order to make this easier for our economy.   There are some who say they worry about what impact it is going to  have on our economy. I think keeping small businesses open is pretty  important for our economy. But we can tell you the Restaurant  Association has informed us that a large part of these funds are going  to be used to pay off debt that small business restaurants had to take  out in order to stay afloat. So we are going to keep restaurants open.  And they are going to be able to pay off their debt, and they are going  to be able to add to our community. That is what is at stake here, and  that is why we are so protective of making sure we try to get this  done.   Now, this is a motion to proceed. I have listened to debate on this  floor about how we have to have the Senate work. This is a bipartisan  bill dealing with small business on a motion to proceed that will allow  us to have the debate on the floor of the U.S. Senate. I don't  understand any of my colleagues believing that this is appropriate to  filibuster and not give us the 60 votes we need on a motion to proceed.  There are a lot of my colleagues who are always talking about reforming  the rules in this place. OK. I understand, when we are getting to an  emotional issue, it gets difficult for us to work together; but if we  can't work together on a small business bill that was developed by  bipartisan Members--Democrats and Republicans--that is consistent with  what we have been doing in helping small businesses generally, and we  now have an opportunity to bring it to the floor for a debate--it will  be open to amendment. Those who say: Well, gee, are there other ways we  can make this more affordable? Well, come forward.   We have been working on this for a year--close to a year. And, yes,  that is why we have gotten good suggestions from Democrats and  Republicans in order to try to make this work. But if you don't allow  us to debate the bill on the floor of the U.S. Senate, I really don't  understand that. If you profess that you want to see this place work  and there is not a philosophical problem here of helping small  businesses, why can't we move forward?   I don't even know why we need a cloture motion. We should be able to  pass a motion to proceed on this bill and have a debate and go to  amendments. And Senator Wicker and I have made it clear that we will  act as traffic cops; we will try to figure out the best way to consider  this bill in order to make it work for all.   Madam President, small businesses have a special way of filling our  cities and towns that make them irreplaceable when they are gone. I  think we all recognize that. They drive our local economies. They give  our neighborhood character. They make us proud of where we come from  and where we live. If we allow them to disappear through inaction, they  will leave holes in our community that we cannot easily fill.   If we cannot pass one last round of aid, it will mean certain  restaurant owners who have pending loans are going to close their doors  forever. Those holes will exist in our community, and we will not be  able to fill them.   I ask my colleagues--all of us understand the importance of small  business. We understand they are the growth engines in our community  and innovation engines in our community. We made a commitment to help  them through COVID-19, and we have honored a large part of that  commitment. This is the last chapter to complete that commitment, and I  hope my colleagues will join us in allowing us to have this debate on  the floor and support the help for our small businesses that are in  desperate need.   I yield the floor.   