 Madam President, a little later today, the Senate is going  to vote on the Respect for Marriage Act.   This vote is an affirmation that the U.S. Senate will stand up and  protect the rights of all Americans to marry the person they love.  Although this is about codifying rights that same-sex couples already  enjoy, this is an important step in a long-running battle for equality.   During my 1996 campaign for the Senate, I ran on the proposition that  there is a fundamental right to privacy in America, and I summed it up  by saying ``If you don't like gay marriage, don't get one.''   So I became the first Member of the Senate to openly support marriage  equality. Soon afterwards, there was a debate on a truly bad law, the  Defense of Marriage Act, which I opposed for the same reasons. It was a  breach of our country's fundamental right to privacy. Now the Senate  has a chance to rectify that wrong and repeal it.   I am always going to go to the mat to defend the right to privacy in  America. The bottom line is that protecting somebody else's rights  doesn't take anything away from your own rights. Our country is  indisputably stronger when everyone's rights are protected.   Some Members of this body have questioned why we need to pass this  bill when marriage equality is the law of the land. The answer is  pretty straightforward. The Dobbs ruling, which overturned Roe v. Wade,  showed that the Senate cannot take any modern legal precedent for  granted.   With the possible exception of Brown v. Board, no precedent is safe  as long as Clarence Thomas and Sam Alito are openly calling for the  Court to revisit major rulings. It is not just Justice Thomas and  Justice Alito making these arguments in public. These days, many  Republicans have openly talked about their belief that the Court ruled  incorrectly in some of the most significant cases dealing with the  expansion and recognition of individual rights in America: The  Obergefell ruling, marriage equality; the Griswold v. Connecticut  ruling, the rights of women to use contraception; even the Loving v.  Virginia ruling, the right to interracial marriage. Some Members of  Congress have called all those other legal precedents into question.   These backward debates now unfold in Congress, in courts, and in  statehouses. The backdrop behind them is frightening, raising levels of  hatred and bile spewed at LGBTQ Americans every day of the week.   The far right is now targeting gay and trans Americans in an effort  to scare everybody else into taking away their rights. There is no  question that when leaders participate in ratcheting up antigay  rhetoric, it spills out into the real world across the country.   The community of Colorado Springs is still mourning the lives lost in  a mass shooting at a gay nightclub a few days before Thanksgiving. Five  people were killed. More than a dozen others were hospitalized with  gunshot wounds.   If not for the actions of a few brave individuals, including a  military veteran, the death toll would have been much higher.   Passing the Respect for Marriage Act is not going to end the hateful  rhetoric and violence for good, but the Senate has an opportunity and  an obligation to declare with this vote that hate is wrong, that we  will stand up and defend the vulnerable, that we will protect the  individual rights of all Americans from a far-right Supreme Court  majority determined to turn the clock back by decades.   There just is no place for hate or intolerance in our great country.  So today I am proud to be able to cast a vote in a bit for individual  rights, for freedom, for privacy, and for equality.   I want to thank all the Members of this body who have worked for  months to bring the bill to the floor with bipartisan support, and I  hope that the Senate will be able to continue this progress with  colleagues on both sides in the months and years ahead.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   