 Madam Chair, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding time.   Madam Chair, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 8294, the six-bill  fiscal year 2023 appropriations package that includes the Energy and  Water Development appropriations bill.   Unfortunately, these bills are based on funding levels that passed  the House without any Republican support--zero Republican support. Like  the President's budget request, the majority's Energy and Water bill  overfunds certain nondefense programs and shortchanges our national  security needs.   For example, the bill before us is below the budget request for  weapons activities and naval reactors--a budget request that many of us  considered insufficient to address the current global threats.   We must uphold our Nation's strong nuclear deterrence posture, and to  do that, we must adequately fund the activities necessary to maintain a  safe, reliable, and effective stockpile. Yet, the bill before us cuts  some of these programs below last year, below the budget request, and  leaves other items completely out.   On the other hand, the bill increases energy efficiency and renewable  energy activities by more than 25 percent over last year's--and that is  on top of the tens of billions--I repeat--tens of billions of dollars  in the infrastructure bill programs that are in the early stages of  implementation.   The bill includes funding for the President's proposal to use the  Defense Production Act for nonemergency issues. For instance, even the  Department of Energy has indicated that there is no supply shortage of  insulation. Yet, the administration is claiming it is such an emergency  that it justifies use of the Defense Production Act.   With inflation at the highest levels in 40 years, we need to be more  judicious about how much and where we allocate our discretionary  appropriations.   While Republicans have concerns with the overall direction of this  bill, I would note there are also programs that, if considered  individually, House Republicans could support. For example, strong  support for the Army Corps of Engineers including specific Community  Project Funding and additional programmatic funding that has long been  a bipartisan priority.   Of great importance to me, of course, is the Department of Energy's  Nuclear Energy program. I appreciate that the bill continues support  for:   Work on microreactors, including the MARVEL program.   Work to ensure a supply of high-assay low-enriched uranium, which  will be necessary for many of the next generation of reactors.   The Advanced Reactors Demonstration Program; and   The national laboratories infrastructure necessary to enable these  other activities to succeed.   I would like to work with my colleagues as we move the bill forward  to better support the Advanced Small Modular Reactors demonstration  program.   The NuScale SMR is the first ever NRC-approved SMR design, and we  need to ensure this demonstration succeeds.   Madam Chair, before I yield back, I would acknowledge Energy and  Water Development and Related Agencies Chairwoman Kaptur's continued  commitment to addressing individual Member priorities on both sides of  the aisle. I thank the chair for that consideration, and she has been a  pleasure to work with across the aisle.   I also thank the staff for their hard work over the past several  months, particularly Scott, Brian, Will, Daniela, and Jaime of the  majority staff; Angie and Austin of the minority staff; and Sarah in my  personal staff.   Finally, I thank Chairwoman DeLauro and Ranking Member Granger of the  full committee for their leadership and support of the important  programs in this bill and doing the appropriations process in regular  order.   