 Mr. President, Dara Lindenbaum is the President's nominee  to be a Member of the Federal Election Commission. We are scheduled to  vote on that nomination today.   On April 6, the Committee on Rules and Administration held a hearing  to consider this nominee. She shared her  [[Page S2645]]  credentials for the job and her understanding of the agency's mission  and the role of a commissioner.   On May 3, she was favorably reported out of committee. I supported  her nomination to be voted out of committee. The Federal Elections  Commission plays a vital role for Campaign Finance Committees. As a  former Secretary of State, I work with the FTC on a regular basis; and  since that time, I have run in many Federal elections. I know how  important a fully functioning FEC is to Federal candidates who need to  avail themselves of the FEC's guidance and advisory opinions. I also  know how important the stability of the agency is to the regulated  community.   While the commissioners to the Federal Election Commission are, by  design, partisan, it is unlikely that every Senator will agree with the  views of all nominees. Ms. Lindenbaum has expressed a willingness to  work with the other commissioners and find consensus to do the  important work of the agency. I am a Republican and Ms. Lindenbaum is a  Democrat. This Commission only works with if there is an equal number  of Republicans and Democrats.   Sadly, with the three Republican nominees from the last  administration, the vote on the floor was 49 to 43, 49 to 47, 50 to 46.  These should not be partisan nominations. They are partisans nominated  to a partisan job; and, frankly, we have to do a better job than 49 to  43, or 49 to 47, or 50 to 46, which, again, was the vote on the floor  of President Trump's Republican nominees who are currently serving.   Ms. Lindenbaum enjoys the support of a bipartisan group of election  law practitioners. Senator Klobuchar and I received a letter from 30  practitioners on both sides of the aisle highlighting Ms. Lindenbaum's  decade of relevant experience, especially her experience representing  clients on matters of State and Federal campaign finance and election  laws.   I look forward to supporting her nomination today. I hope many of my  colleagues will join me in supporting her. This a commission, one, that  doesn't work without an equal number of Republicans and Democrats, and  it doesn't work if the commission doesn't have at least that equal  number. Unless there are at least four commissioners, the Commission  ceases to function. For too many months of the last dozen years, we had  a Commission that wasn't fully functioning, couldn't make final  decisions, couldn't issue opinions. I am looking forward to a six- member Commission.   I look forward to voting for Ms. Lindenbaum today when her nomination  comes up early this afternoon.   