 Mr. President, as the other Senator from our small State  of 630,000 people, I want to thank Senator Leahy on behalf of all  Vermonters and people throughout this country for his 48 years of  service here in the U.S. Senate.   On a personal note, obviously, Senator Leahy and I have worked  together for many, many decades. He was very helpful to me when I was  mayor of the city of Burlington. We worked together when I was a member  of the House. Obviously, we worked together for Vermont since I have  been in the Senate.   And I think if you drive around our beautiful State--and we want you  all to visit us, maybe not this weekend where there is a snowstorm but  come in the spring--you will see many of the impacts Senator Leahy has  had on our State, really from one end of the State to the other.   But it is not only the impacts he has had on Vermont, it is the  impacts he has had on the Nation and, in fact, as Senator Schumer said,  on the entire world. As a U.S. Senator, Senator Leahy has been a great  chairman of  [[Page S7799]]  the Committee on the Judiciary, dealing with some of the major issues  that committee has dealt with over the decades. He has been a great  chairman of the Agricultural Committee. And now, as we all know, he has  done an outstanding job as chairman of the Appropriations Committee,  along with Senator Shelby. In the middle of the night, I gather, they  finally finished this omnibus bill, and we thank them very much for  that.   As I think we have heard, Senator Leahy is known internationally for  his efforts to ban the export and the use of land mines. That, in fact,  has saved the lives of God knows how many people and prevented the  maiming of many, many more. We thank Senator Leahy for that.   We thank him for the work that he has accomplished to end the use of  these terrible weapons and also his creation of the Leahy War Victims  Fund to get relief for those harmed by these terrible weapons. Beyond  that, Senator Leahy, very importantly, worked to pass what has become  known as the Leahy War, a human rights law to prohibit the U.S. from  providing equipment and training for foreign military suspected of  gross human rights violation. In that sense, he is standing up for the  values of this country.   His international accomplishments are impressive, but in Vermont, our  constituents know Senator Leahy for the work he has done on the issues  that are much closer to home, like his support for agriculture, dairy,  and organics. In 1990, as chairman of the Senate Agricultural  Committee, Senator Leahy championed the Organics Foods Production Act.  At that time, as he indicated, organics was not understood to be what  it is today. But Senator Leahy understood that farmers in Vermont and  around this country deserve to have standards in place to ensure a fair  playing field. As a result of that, the organics industry has exploded.   Today, in our rural agricultural State of Vermont, its small farmers  struggle to compete against corporate agriculture, organic production,  and organic standards have helped many stay afloat to this day, in no  small part thanks to Senator Leahy.   Beyond organic agriculture, Vermont dairy producers have also  benefited from Senator Leahy's efforts to enact a Northeast Interstate  Dairy Compact and establish the Milk Income Loss compensation bargain.  All of us from agricultural States know how important it is to maintain  family-based agriculture, and Senator Leahy has certainly been a leader  on that.   Just as important as his work on agricultural issues for Vermont has  been Senator Leahy's work supporting Vermont's rural landscape and our  beautiful environment. Senator Leahy has fought to protect wildlife  refuges across the United States, including the Missisquoi National  Wildlife Refuge in Vermont, as well as national forest land, like Green  Mountain National Forest.   But perhaps the environmental work Senator Leahy is best known for in  Vermont is his work as a champion of our beautiful Lake Champlain,  which we consider one of the Great Lakes. Is that right, Senator Leahy?   Through his work on the Appropriations Committee, Senator Leahy has  secured funding for cleaning up and protecting Lake Champlain, as well  as to study the lake to learn more about how to protect it for our kids  and future generations.   Throughout these last 48 years, Senator Leahy has had dozens of staff  who have worked by his side, both in Vermont and in Washington, who  have been dedicated to all of the many efforts he has championed. All  of us who have served in the Senate know that we cannot do this work  alone, and Senator Leahy's staff deserves the sincere thanks of all of  us--including all Vermonters--for their hard work and dedication over  these last many years.   But as we have heard this morning, staff may come and go, but there  has been one person by Senator Leahy's side every single day of his 48  years of service to Vermont, and that is his wife Marcelle. And I have  had the privilege of knowing Marcelle for many of those 48 years, and  Jane and I wish Marcelle and Pat the very best on their retirement  years.   While much has been said today about Senator Leahy's time in the  Senate, those words cannot be said without adding the important role  that Marcelle has played in his life. This year, the Senator and  Marcelle celebrated their 60th wedding anniversary, and I can tell you  that, just as all Vermonters know the name Pat Leahy, they also know  Marcelle.   And if there is such a thing as being ``First Lady of Vermont,''  Marcelle, that is you. So thank you very much for all you have done for  our State.   So with that, let me once again thank Senator Leahy so much for his  years of service to Vermont and the country. We wish him and Marcelle  the very best in the future.   