 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, last month, the American Red Cross began  sounding the alarm on a national blood crisis, the first they have ever  declared. COVID-19 has added extra volatility to the blood supply, and  this shortage strains hospitals and patient care throughout America.   We continue to face that critical blood supply shortage today, with  Kansas's blood supply standing at a 1- to 2-day inventory.   I have heard from medical professionals--doctors, nurses, others in  Kansas about the tough decisions rural doctors and healthcare providers  are having to make, including canceling surgeries, blood transfusions,  and possibly not delivering babies because bleeding complications may  require blood that these facilities just don't have.   My hometown of Plainville, KS, has a population of about 2,000. We  are fortunate to have a county hospital with dedicated healthcare  professionals and physicians. One of my hometown physicians, Dr.  Sanchez, who I am told is not on Facebook very often but posted his  plea--his plea for people to donate blood.   Dr. Sanchez's Facebook post says--this is his story: Today we had to  tell a patient with heart disease that the blood transfusions that had  prolonged his life with marked improvement in quality could no longer  happen at Rooks County Health Center. My patient and his son were  understandably upset. It just so happens that the same patient was told  a few days previous that the melanoma cancer that he beat for 40 years  back returned. And now no blood transfusion.   The doctor said that the hospital is considering canceling surgeries,  possibly even not delivering babies. Our stock of common blood type A- positive and donor O-positive blood units are down over 30 percent,  from six units to four units. Universal donor O-negative blood has been  in short supply for months and maybe for years. Blood supplies are  usually replenished at the American Red Cross every 3 weeks, but we  have had no new units given or replaced.   That is one doctor, one hometown, one hospital--but it is people. It  is people in Kansas. It is people in this country whom we know and care  for, people we love, people in our families, and people we don't even  know.   The most vulnerable patients among us rely on blood donations for  transfusions to support essential treatments such as those of battling  cancer or living with chronic diseases. There is no substitute. There  is no alternative.   Our Nation can turn to the absence of blood donations. The only  answer is for each of us stepping up to donate, helping to end this  crisis and contribute to saving lives of those in our communities.   The shortage is severe, and it is affecting Kansas health providers  and their ability to care for their patients. It will cost us lives.   Kansans pull together in times of need, and I encourage everyone in  Kansas and across the country to donate. In the United States, every 2  seconds someone needs blood or platelets, and donating blood is one of  the most tangible actions we can give to help save lives.   Donation centers provide specific guidance on blood donation process  and safety measures taken within their centers. You can find a location  that is accepting blood donations near you, and you can visit the  American Red Cross website.   So this is a plea that we all consider donating blood to help save  the lives of our friends, our neighbors, and our fellow Americans.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   