 Madam President, today America grieves. There is nothing  partisan about being a parent and grandparent. I cannot imagine--I  cannot imagine--the grief felt by the parents of those children. Unless  you have experienced it, none of us can.   What is the solution? There is no one solution. Let's be honest about  that. Following Sandy Hook, following Parkland, I met with the parents  of those horrific and senseless tragedies. I have been blessed to get  to know three parents quite well: Tom and Gina Hoyer, and Max  Schachter. Tom and Gina are the parents of Luke Hoyer; Max is the  father of Alex Schachter--two of the 17 victims of the Marjory Stoneman  Douglas High School slaughter in Parkland, FL, that occurred on  February 14, 2018.   In getting to know Tom and Gina and Max, you get some sense of the  level of grief. I mentioned there is nothing partisan about grief. I  listened to President Biden's remarks last night, I think the point he  made that pierced my heart, because President Biden has known tragedy,  is when he said that those parents in Texas, they are asking themselves  will they ever sleep again.   So we all grieve. We are all looking for solutions. The good Senator  from Delaware said: ``We must take action.''   So what I have always valued about Tom and Gina and Max is these are  three individuals, parents who do know the pain, that still grieve the  loss of their sons, and yet they have not approached trying to find  solutions in any partisan way whatsoever. They are trying to find areas  of agreement.   They advised the Federal Commission on School Safety. They came up  with a pretty commonsense action. It may not solve all the problems,  but it is a good idea. It is such a good idea that as chairman of the  committee--Subcommittee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs,  we codified it, we passed it unanimously out of our committee in  November of 2019. It is called the Luke and Alex School Safety Act. It  is pretty simple. It just creates a clearinghouse of information of the  best practices for school safety.   It involves numerous Departments--Department of Health and Human  Services, Justice, Homeland Security. All must approve what these best  practices are. It ensures the parents, teachers, school officials,  other stakeholders have input into what those best practices are. It  doesn't allow the clearinghouse to mandate any school take any certain  action.   And maybe, most importantly, it publishes the available grant  programs and Federal resources available for school safety. Again, it  passed out of the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental  Affairs twice, unanimously, once under my chairmanship, once under the  chairmanship of Senator Peters. There is nothing partisan about this  bill whatsoever. It is just a good idea that can save lives.   It was such a good idea that under the previous administration, they  set up that clearinghouse. It is up and it is operating. So all this  bill does at this point is serve as a model for what is happening. All  this bill does now is codify it, to make sure this clearinghouse stands  the test of time, that it will always be there to provide those best  practices on school safety.   Now, I am very sensitive to the moment in time we are sitting here  right now. We should let the Nation and those parents grieve. I don't  want to politicize anything about this moment.   So I called up Max, I called up Tom and Gina and asked them what  would you like me to do? They have been trying to get this codified,  passed into law for 4 years. I can't explain why it is not law. Just  last month, the Senate passed the Pray Safe Act, which was basically it  took that bill, the Luke and Alex School Safety Act and just applied it  to churches. That passed by unanimous consent--no objection.   I tried to attach this bill to that bill, but for whatever reason,  somebody is objecting. I have no idea why. None.   Again, it passed our committee unanimously twice. It is a good idea.  It could save lives. It is an action when people are calling for action  following this tragedy.   So I know I see the Senator from Florida that would also like to  speak to this bill before I ask consent.    I thank the Senator from Florida for those comments.   I just want to again emphasize the fact that I just spoke with Max  and Gina and Tom. These are parents of children who lost their lives in  a school shooting. These are parents that have come up with a  solution--a nonpartisan solution--got it recommended by the Federal  Commission on School Safety.   They told me that the day after Parkland, had a parent from Sandy  Hook had a piece of legislation that they had been trying to get passed  but couldn't, it would help. They would have been 100 percent  supportive of that piece of legislation, come to the floor, and pass it  by unanimous consent, irrespective of the timing.   They asked me to come to the floor today to ask my colleagues to lay  aside partisanship, to do something for these families, provide them  some measure of comfort by passing a completely nonpartisan bill that  could make a difference, that could save a life. There is no reason not  to pass this bill today in this Chamber at this hour.   So, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the  Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 102, S.  111.   I further ask that the bill be considered read a third time and  passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon  the table.    As chairman of Homeland Security, I have passed more  than 300 pieces of legislation out of committee, and over 130 of those  became law. Very few of those--almost none--were partisan in any way,  shape, or form. The approach I used to have that kind of legislative  success is, rather than focus on issues that divide us, I concentrated  on areas of agreement.   Today, I brought to the Senate floor a nonpartisan bill, a bill  crafted by the parents--the parents--who lost their sons in one of  these horrific tragedies. It passed out of our committee twice  unanimously. Those parents asked me  [[Page S2685]]  to come today to please pass this bill; take some action; provide some  comfort to all the parents who are grieving, to a nation that is  grieving.   So I came to the floor today, and I will not engage in partisanship  other than to say it is just sad--it is just sad that this body can't  pass this bill when, about a month ago, they passed an identical bill  that applied to churches. This one applies to schools. Yet it is  inappropriate, according to the majority leader, to pass this  nonpartisan bill by unanimous consent? This is a very sad day for the  U.S. Senate.   I yield the floor.   