 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Today, I rise in support of the Affordable Insulin Now Act.   On top of weathering the economic fallout of the global pandemic,  Americans are still paying far too much for insulin. This is  particularly frustrating, given that these are not the prices that  consumers in the rest of the world pay. The most commonly used form of  insulin costs 10 times more in the United States than in any other  developed country.   Tragically, there have been recent reports of deaths of patients with  diabetes because they cannot afford the insulin they need to stay  alive.   The Affordable Insulin Now Act would take a historic step to lower  the cost of insulin and cap out-of-pocket costs at $35 per month. This  means individuals with private insurance could save up to $500 per  year.   This bill ensures affordable access to lifesaving medication for the  more than 37 million people in the United States who have diabetes and  the over 7 million Americans who rely on insulin to maintain their  health and well-being.   Madam Speaker, it is past time, but today it is time to finally  deliver on our promise to ensure that all Americans can get the  medication they need and they deserve to stay healthy and thrive. The  Affordable Insulin Now Act brings us one step closer to that promise.   There is certainly more work to be done. I look forward to working  with my colleagues to get the cost of prescription drugs under control  and to build upon this important first step.   Madam Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to please support this  bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman  from Georgia (Mrs. McBath), a lead sponsor of this legislation and a  member of the Education and Labor Committee.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Castro), a member of the Education and Labor Committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentleman from New York (Mr. Jeffries).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman  from New York (Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney of New York).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleperson  from Virginia (Ms. Spanberger).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Louisiana (Mr. Carter).    Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   