 Mr. President, imagine this. You are a CEO of a  company, and one day your CFO comes into your office with bad news. The  company's costs are rapidly growing, and you aren't bringing in enough  money to keep pace with the rising costs. The solution here is simple:  come up with a plan to reduce costs and continue serving your customers  and honoring your agreements while ensuring that the company can stay  afloat.   If you don't adapt and evolve, you fail and go out of business. Most  Americans understand that. Unfortunately, Congress is not like most  Americans. We are in charge of running Medicare, and for decades, the  cost of Medicare has risen dramatically, but Congress has no plan to  address future costs.   And now we have Medicare's Board of Trustees reporting that the  hospital insurance trust fund, the fund which supports Medicare Part A,  will be insolvent in 2026. You can see here is where we are. In just 4  short years--in just 4 short years--we are going to run out of money to  keep paying for services for Americans most in need.   We are talking about things like emergency surgery, in-home  healthcare, and hospice care. By 2030, 4 years after insolvency, the  trust fund will be $335 billion in debt. Medicare Part A cannot pay  when it lacks funds.   What makes matters worse, the Medicare trustees have been warning  about this for years. They have told us that Medicare Part A hasn't met  even the most basic short-term goals for fiscal health since 2003.   Let's go back to the imaginary company I mentioned earlier. If you  were an employee of that company and your salary depended on the  company's success, how would you feel if, for 18 years, the company's  leadership knew that the company would go under unless they fixed the  problem, but it never happened?   Instead of fixing the problem, no one did anything. They just kept  using up the company's savings. That is basically what has happened and  continues to happen with Medicare.   Here is what is shocking. Absolutely nothing has been done.  Washington has completely ignored the warnings about the rising costs  and declining revenues for Medicare, and there is no plan to repair the  system. Career politicians in the Washington establishment have acted  recklessly and immorally.   They are plunging Medicare into billions of dollars of debt, debt  that our grandchildren will have to pay off for the benefit of those in  the present. To make matters worse, Washington politicians think they  can continue to treat Medicare like a piggy bank and draw as much money  as they want from it to pay for another unsustainable and unfunded  program.   We saw them use Medicare savings to help fund road construction in an  infrastructure bill. Make no mistake, I want to have better ports and  better highways, but robbing Peter to pay Paul with money Peter doesn't  have? That is wrong.   Kicking the can down the road and letting our debt balloon is a  disservice to the 60 million--60 million--Americans, including the 4.5  million Floridians, who rely on Medicare.   Now, Senator Schumer is trying to pass a bill that will stick  Congress's greedy hand into the Medicare trust fund--this time to pay  for the U.S. Postal Service.   In 2020, Part B spending was $418 billion. By 2030, the cost will  double to $871 billion.   Look at this. I mean, this is unbelievable.   The Part B and Part D trust fund is funded through a combination of  premiums paid by beneficiaries and direct transfer from the U.S.  Treasury of collected tax revenue. That means the future costs of  Medicare Parts B and D are going to be paid for by higher premiums for  retirees and higher taxes for all Americans.   Today, someone who retires at the Postal Service can keep their  health plan into retirement, with the option of adding Medicare, but  the Postal Service needs to pay the full cost of the health plan if the  retiree doesn't choose Medicare. Now, this is costly to the post  office, so the proposed solution in Senator Schumer's postal reform  bill is to force all future retirees into Medicare as a means of saving  money for the post office. This actually just shifts costs away from  the Postal Service onto the Medicare Program--from one government  program to another--and it is a cost borne by hard-working taxpayers  and nonpostal retirees. This is a gift to the post office balance  sheet, but it is a cost to everybody else. In other words, the solution  is as bad as the problem.   On top of that, the CBO doesn't even have an accurate estimate of how  much this bill will actually cost. I sent a letter to the CBO asking  what the future cost of the bill would be to Medicare. While they could  tell me there would be $5 billion in new deficits, they couldn't  provide data past 2031, when Medicare will be most affected by this  proposal. Yet Congress wants to pass this bill and pretend like it is  solving a problem when it only makes matters worse. If you look at the  limited CBO score we have and think about what it says, it shows that  it increases costs to Medicare and reduces costs to the Postal Service.   Advocates are quick to say that it saves the government money, but  that is wrong. The post office keeps all the savings and just moves the  costs to Medicare. It doesn't actually save the taxpayer any money.   We have got to stop doing business like this. How can anybody in this  body explain to their constituents that this is the right way to pass  bills? How can anyone really say with a straight face that kicking the  can down the road is the right thing to do?   Do you know why the American people don't trust us? It is stuff like  this. When Congress passes a bill like this, with zero committee  process, zero amendments so far considered in the Senate, and the bill  ends up being terrible, well, it is not hard to see why the American  people don't have a ton of faith in Congress to solve problems.   In 2020, Medicare spending was almost $1 trillion. That is $1  trillion in mandatory spending without any review by Congress.   I want real reform. I want to make sure retirees have the healthcare  they have paid into and that the Postal Service is actually  sustainable. That is why I have introduced an amendment to require the  Postal Service to pay for any new costs to Medicare that this bill will  bring. This will ensure that Medicare isn't used like a piggy bank.  This will ensure that the taxpayer and future nonpostal retirees aren't  forced to bear the burden of this Postal Service bailout. It would  ensure that the Postal Service pays their fair share.   I am thankful to have the support of groups like 60 Plus that  represent the interests of America's seniors.  [[Page S939]]    Unlike many career politicians who are running Washington off a  fiscal cliff with over $30 trillion worth of debt, I have actually been  a CEO. I have run companies and have had to help solve financial  problems. I have listened to CFOs and have worked with budgets to turn  things around. I didn't come to Washington to fit in and maintain the  status quo. I came to make real change that benefits American families,  and this bill, as written right now, doesn't do anything to help  anyone.   I urge my colleagues to support my amendment and join me in demanding  that Senator Schumer slow down and put this bill through the proper  process. American taxpayers and voters who sent us here deserve better  than this.   I yield the floor.   