 Madam President, I want to talk about three things.   First, Ukraine.   What do they need? How much aid? What kind, and how urgently can and  should we get it to them?   Second, omnis.   Does the way the Congress spends money make any sense right now?   And, third, political grandstanding.   In particular, can politicians resist the short-term political crack  that is social media?   First, Ukraine.   How much aid do they need? What kind and how urgently? The answer is  they need everything, and they need it yesterday.   If they can shoot it, we should ship it. Ukrainians are fighting for  freedom, and we should be doing more to help: Javelins, Stingers,  lethal drones like Switchblades, surface-to-air missiles like the S- 300s, coastal defense missiles, machine guns, ammo, grenade launchers,  night vision goggles, and, yes, planes--more and more of them faster.   I applaud the President for some of what he has done, for sending  some of this, but I would also note that there are really important  weapons that are not yet in Ukrainian hands, like the S-300s.   I would also note that it takes time to cross the border, and we  should be sending this stuff as fast as possible, not having the  administration's lawyers debate how many angels can dance on the tip of  a SAM or debate which weapons should be considered offensive versus  defensive.   Look, the Ukrainians are the people who are being victimized; they  are the people who have been invaded. Every weapon we give them right  now is a defensive weapon. It is Russia that has invaded Ukraine, and  these lawyerly distinctions don't really make a bit of difference to a  Russian invading pilot. If he gets shot down, which weapons system it  came from is not really the concern he is going to have at that moment.    So the answer to the question ``What kind of aid does Ukraine need?''  is more and faster.   Second, omnis.   Does the way the Congress works right now--does the way that we  manage the power of the purse, does the way the appropriations process  works--make any sense?   Can any of us go home and explain it to our constituents as the  cautious, careful, prudent, adult management of the FISC? Obviously  not. This process doesn't work.   I am 50 years old, and in the last 46 years--I think the current  number is four times in the last 46 years that the Congress has spent  at least 30 percent of its money under regular order on a regular  appropriations process--four times in 46 years. This doesn't make  sense. It is not prudent. It doesn't work.   For weeks, I have been calling on the President and his  administration to submit an emergency supplemental to Congress so we  can send Ukraine all of the aid they need faster.   Look, I am a fiscal hawk, but I am also a defense hawk, a security  hawk, and I am A-OK with our spending a bunch of money fighting for the  defense of freedom as long as the Ukrainians have fight in them. They  are fighting not just for their kids and their future; they are  fighting for free peoples. Putin will not be stopped until someone  stops him. So the Ukrainians are doing a service to us--they are  willing to fight. We should be willing to fund and to resupply them.   The reality is that my calls for an emergency supplemental were  ignored. The administration didn't make any emergency supplemental  request. The Congress's hands are not guilt-free either. We didn't even  vote on an aid package for the Ukrainians until more than 2 weeks after  the invasion.   Why the wait?   Washington did what it always does and decided it would just add the  defense money to the orgy of spending and pet projects and  bureaucracy--that we spend every year--in the middle of the night in a  thousands-and-thousands-paged bill that not a single Member who voted  on it here had actually read.   So what did we do with the Ukrainian aid?   The reality is there was some important aid in the omni, but we  should talk about how much it was. We spent $13 billion on Ukrainian  aid out of a total appropriations package of $1.5 trillion. For those  of you doing math at home, that is less than 1 percent of what we  passed in the middle of the night last week that was actually Ukrainian  aid.   Here is a depiction: This is the aid bill, and this tiny, little  subpiece of 1 percent is the portion that was Ukrainian aid.   The reality is that the bill we voted on last week wasn't really  about Ukrainian aid. Ukrainian aid was a little bit of sugar on the  larger medicine of a $1.5 trillion bill that nobody would actually want  to go home and defend to the voters and to the taxpayers of America was  well thought out.   So why does this happen?   Well, the American people aren't stupid. A lot of politicians think  voters are stupid. They think you can jingle a shiny thing over here  and then make up any claim you want, but the reality is voters aren't  stupid. Voters are distracted, and they are busy, but they are not  unaware of what is happening here.   They know why politicians talk like this--why they say that if you  didn't vote for a $1.5 trillion bill, you were against puppies; you  were against food for children; and you were against all of these  really great ``mom and apple pie'' kinds of things when the reality is  you probably voted against the bill because there was a whole bunch of  schlock in it that was unvetted, not because you said: Hey, I don't  want the Ukrainian freedom fighters to have the military aid that they  need. People talk like this so that they can bully the other side.    This is, quite frankly, a boring speech. It is not a speech that I  want to be giving. But the truth is, if you allow liars to constantly  lie, and they can get away with it, then they just keep doing it. So it  is probably useful for us more often to take people's nonsense tweets,  which they do for a bizarre audience of political weirdoes on Twitter,  and they should have to defend these statements in public.   It is transparently obvious that if you vote against a $1.5 trillion  bill, that doesn't mean you were trying to vote against everything  particularly in it; that you were against those kinds of funding. It  might be because you were against lots of things in it that are  indefensible before the voters. It is transparently stupid, and the  voters get it.   So to the question of do omnis make sense? The answer is, no, we  should do better.  [[Page S1243]]    But the question that our Republic is partly going to have to resolve  if we are going to get healthy again as a polity is, Will politicians  be able to resist the short-term crack of social media?   It doesn't look like very many of us in this body are interested in  trying to speak to 70 and 75 and 80 percent of the electorate, but  rather that lots and lots of politicians are completely happy to speak  to the very narrow range of fan service that they do on Twitter.   Many politicians are addicted to Twitter. They want their sick burns  and their retweets and their likes. It is crack and they have an  addiction and it is sad.   The truth is that the folks who do this kind of garbage are  hopelessly out of touch with the reality of the people's lives that we  are actually supposed to be serving. It is not useful to drink your own  bath water.   Twitter isn't real life, so it is probably useful for us to pause  more often and try to make sure we have some common facts about the  connection between political Twitter and reality.   First, only 20 percent of Americans are on Twitter--19 or 20 percent  of Americans are on Twitter. Political Twitter is something like the  ninth most watched portion of Twitter; sports Twitter, a foretaste of  Heaven, unlike political Twitter, a foretaste of Hell. Sports Twitter  is much bigger than political Twitter. Hollywood Twitter is bigger than  political Twitter. K-pop Twitter is much, much bigger than political  Twitter. So let's just start by recognizing that only 20 percent of  Americans are on Twitter, and politics isn't a top five subportion of  Twitter.   Of those who are on Twitter, only about 40 percent say they ever use  Twitter for politics. But for the small minority of Americans who do  pay attention to political Twitter--again, 40 percent of 20 percent--if  you are doing math at home, we are now in single digits here. So 40  percent of 20 percent is 8 percent of Americans. For those who do pay  attention to political Twitter, the political tweets are dominated by a  very, very, very, very small share of American adults. Something like  80 percent of all tweets come from 10 percent of Twitter users. But  this is the audience that politicians are playing for when they  grandstand on Twitter.   Let's be clear, this happens all over the political continuum. This  isn't chiefly on the right or chiefly on the left.   If you ever wonder why are politicians such weirdoes, it is mostly  because they are grandstanding for a very, very narrow niche audience  of weirdoes on Twitter, and so we should actually ask if it is healthy  to continue doing that.   So to our core questions, the Ukrainians, do they need aid? Yes, they  do. We should fund freedom fighters.   To the question of do omnis work? No, they don't, and everybody knows  it.   But to the question of should we continue doing political discourse  like this? Should we say that someone who had concerns about this was  trying to kill off babies and puppies? No, we shouldn't lie like this.  We shouldn't do that.   We owe the voters better than that. We should tell the truth, and we  should try to talk to voters like you are actually talking to a room of  regular people who have jobs and who are actually trying to put bread  on the table for their kids and probably are pretty grateful for the  inheritance that is the American Republic and our leadership on the  global stage for freedom lovers.   The Ukrainians are that. We should fund the Ukrainians. We should  have funded them in a more prudent way than an omni.   But if you voted for an omni when I voted against it, I am not going  to attack you for voting for the omni. But don't go out there and lie  and pretend that somebody who voted against the omni was against all  the stuff in it, some of which is pretty decent.   We can do better. We should.   Thank you.    Would the Senator yield?    So let me just see if I understand what you just said.   Eight-tenths of 1 percent of the bill that was passed in the middle  of the night last week is about Ukraine aid. Do you believe that the  people who voted against it voted against it because they were against  Ukrainian aid?    I am asking a really simple question: Do you think a  single person that your Twitter self-pleasuring was for--do you think a  single person that voted against it voted against it because they were  against Ukrainian aid?    So, then, what is the point of the tweet?    What are the pieces, dude? It is $1.5 trillion.    When you are willing, if I may.    I think there are three topics. Argue with me if I misread  the three topics before us.   One is Ukrainian aid. I don't think we differ. And the reason I came  to make a speech--and you and I have talked about this offline multiple  times in the past. Let me name the three: One, there is Ukrainian aid.  Two, there is the budgeting and appropriations process. And, three,  there is the grandstanding that happens for audiences that don't have  anything to do with persuading a single human being that is called to  work in this space.   In bucket one, I think you know that not a person who voted against  it--the omni--voted against it because of the Ukrainian aid. So I think  it is a dishonest argument.   In bucket two, which--well, I am jumping in and you have the floor;  so I will give it back to you. But, in bucket two, you have repeatedly  used the term ``people won't vote for something because it is not  perfect.'' I think that, if we could put the appropriations process of  the U.S. Congress up to the American people for a referendum, the idea  that you want to give it a B-plus or an A-minus, I submit you should  take that to the voters of Connecticut and try to persuade them of  that, because I am going to guess that, whatever the overall approval  rating is of Congress, it bounces around between like 9 and 15 percent.  My guess is, the way we spend money, it is lower than that. So I don't  think you want to give yourself an 86 or a 92 or a 95 percent because  it is not perfect. It is obviously an F. The way that we spend money  here is not deliberative; it is not thought out. It is always thousands  of pages that come out in the middle of the night, and it always votes.   So to your point, that you said budgets pass around here with 50 of  50 Democrats and 10 or 12 of 50 Republicans, that is true. We do have a  philosophical difference about whether or not the appropriations  process works.   I think you are the one voting on the side that is misaligned with  both fiscal reality and the role of the American people. But I didn't  come to beat you up about voting.   I am supposed to direct it to the President.   Madam President, I don't think the Senator from Connecticut is on the  floor because I came to attack him for voting for the omni. I didn't.  He misrepresented why some people who voted against the omni were  dishonest by saying they were for more Ukrainian aid when there was  Ukrainian aid in this budget.   But the real thing we are talking about is grandstanding, because  there is not a person on Earth who is persuaded by that kind of tweet.  You  [[Page S1245]]  didn't move anybody. You are doing fan service for a subset of people  who like Chris Murphy. I get why some people would like things that you  stand for and advocate for. I get it.   But there is not a person who disagreed with you who is moved because  of a tweet like that. There is not an uninformed American who became  informed. But there is a subset of the people who already like you that  you got to grandstand for. That is all that happened with that tweet.  The Republic got dumber because of that tweet. Nobody learned anything.    Not my view.    Will the gentleman yield?    Will the Senator yield?    I would direct a question.    Madam President, I would ask the Senator from Connecticut  to explain to me why the only choice was $1.5 trillion or zero. The  Senate could work its will and have passed the $13.6 billion of aid  money 10 minutes later.   Madam President, could the Senator from Connecticut explain to me  this apparent--to me, false--choice between $1.5 trillion and zero. Why  were there no other options?    Madam President, in the interest of comity, I will  underscore three points of agreement from Senator Murphy's last few  minutes there, as well, just as a way to close us out.   No. 1, I agree with the Senator that there is a lot of grandstanding  all over  [[Page S1246]]  political theater right now, and that certainly includes people on my  side of the aisle who have tried to imply that pieces of this are  President Biden's fault that aren't President Biden's fault; that the  evildoer here is Vladimir Putin, who is targeting women and children;  and Americans should be on the same team against that evil.   So to the degree that the Senator is partly motivated by frustration  with some grandstanding that he has seen by people who have an ``R''  behind their name, I agree.   Second point: I am for this funding, and my criticism of the Biden  administration has not been because they wouldn't support funding. In  the intel space, there are a whole bunch of arguments and fights we  have been having that we can't talk about in this setting but where I  just want them to go faster.   But the idea that the problem with the administration, from my point  of view, is an unwillingness to fund--that isn't my position, and so  the Senator and I are united that that would be an unfair criticism of  the Biden administration.   And third and finally, he called our budgeting and appropriations  process ``insanity.'' Let's put a pin in that because what I was voting  against last week was not done for the purposes of saying the Ukrainian  aid money shouldn't move, but it is saying that an insane budget  process shouldn't work this way, where the American people can't get  access into other monies being spent. And we have 12 or 13  subcommittees of the appropriations process, and we almost never get to  vote bill by bill.   I would gladly have us stay here 24/7 for 2, 3, 4 weeks--however long  it took. And if we had to cast not just 12 or 13 subcommittee approps  packages, but if we had to vote on hundreds or thousands of things item  by item--it is a pretty clunky process but a much better process than  we have right now, which the Senator from Connecticut rightly described  is ``insane.'' On that we agree. Thank you for engaging.   I yield the floor.   