 Madam President, I want to talk a little bit about the  whole idea of loan forgiveness, student debt forgiveness. I have spoken  many times on the floor about the importance of higher education--both  college education and apprenticeships and other kinds of work  preparation. I was the first person in my family to ever graduate from  college, and later was the president of the university. And it is  important, there is no doubt about that.   I have often also talked about one of the reasons I think our system  works so well is in post-World War II America, we have not tried to run  higher education; we have tried to encourage and support higher  education.   You could use your student benefits, whether they were student loans  or VA benefits or other benefits, at any accredited institution, and  the Federal Government doesn't decide what is an accredited  institution.   I think the way that we have found that balance has been really  important for higher education. I think it is why we have the best  higher education in the world, but I think the balance is one that we  ought to be thinking about maintaining.   We should be concerned when we begin to get into that balance in a  way that the government does more than it should do or, frankly, less  than it should do.   This is the 50th anniversary of the Pell Grant Program. I have been a  big supporter of Pell grants. I know you have too.   And during the time we have worked here together, we have expanded  Pell grants to year-round Pell grants. One of the great ways to keep  college costs down is to finish. If you have got a pattern that is  working, particularly if you are a first-time college student in your  family or an adult that has gone back to school, if you have got  something that is working and you can keep it working, we ought to do  that.   There was about a 10-year period where we had two semesters of Pell  grants and then there was a summer without Pell grants, that didn't  really work out all that well. And every higher education person I know  believes we did a really great thing by going back to year-round Pell.   We have also increased the Pell grant award. In fact, in the last 7  years, we have increased the annual individual award by over $1,000-- $1,120. We have reinstated year-round Pell.   The Pell grant is targeted. It is targeted to people who need help  going to school. When we were talking, I think very wrongly, about free  higher education--which I think would really be expensive if you had  free higher education and the government became the payer. I have said  the Pell grant is really the way to adjust that.   If the Pell grant is not high enough, Congress can raise it. If the  income levels are not high enough, if you had to have higher income  levels or lower income levels to get the full Pell or partial Pell,  Congress can do that as well.   I think the one thing that would be a mistake here would be to ask  the taxpayers of America to now pay the loans off of other Americans  who made those loans. The President is talking about the potential, at  least the administration is, of forgiving up to $10,000 in student  loans for everyone who has a student loan and makes less than $150,000.   You know, a lot of Americans make less than $150,000. I think the  median family income in America today is under $70,000, but, suddenly,  for those who make under $150,000, we would be giving them $10,000. And  what did they get for that $10,000?   They went to school. They got an education. They had choices they  made as they did that, and we will talk about that in a minute. And  also the legal problems here. You know, the President has said in the  past that he didn't think he had the legal authority to forgive these  loans. The Speaker of the House has said in the past that she didn't  think the President had the legal authority to forgive these loans.   And by the way, there is a way to get the legal authority--I will  talk about that in a minute, too--coming to you and I with a proposal  to give them the authority to do that.   Even the New York Times Editorial Board says that loan forgiveness  is--this is their quote--``legally dubious, economically unsound,  politically fraught, and educationally problematic.'' Those are pretty  good reasons not to do it. The best one would be the ``legally  dubious'' one, and the President himself has thought that was the case  in the past.   You know, 87 percent of Americans don't have a student loan. The  President is telling them, frankly, we are going to forgive the loans  for the 13 percent that the other 87 percent don't have.   People who decided not to go to college wouldn't get that $10,000,  neither would those who avoided loans by attending a more affordable  school, working harder part time, doing the things that lots and lots  of people have done to get through school.   The same is true of people who have gotten out of school, and as they  are paying off their loans, they have sacrificed vacations or better  cars or bigger houses or other things to pay the student loan that they  agreed to pay back when they took it.   So the President's plan disproportionately would benefit people who  are in the upper income group, the top 40 percent of American  households hold 60 percent of the student loans.   The bottom 40 percent have less than 20 percent of the student loans.  If you were going to talk about this at all, maybe we should be talking  about the bottom 40 percent of incomes, not essentially the top 40  percent of incomes, which an across-the-board forgiveness of debt--and,  by the way, that $150,000 would generally be in that higher percent.   Student loan forgiveness under the President's plan would largely  benefit people who, frankly, you could argue, just don't need the  benefit as well as many other American families and American  individuals do.   The Federal Reserve Bank of New York estimates that student loan  forgiveness could be as much as $320 or $350 billion. That is on top of  the $100 billion that we already have cost the system by stepping back,  maybe for  [[Page S2997]]  too long, but certainly stepping back during COVID, and telling people  they didn't have to make their loan payments.   To put that in some perspective, that amount of money, $320 billion  and another $100 billion, would fund the entire Pell Grant Program for  about a decade and a half.   So we ought to think about what we are doing here, how we are doing  it. I think this plan would actually not drive college costs down; it  would logically drive college costs up because colleges, just like  students, would be told, when people make these loans, pay the school  for the education they are getting, there is a good chance they won't  have to pay it back, and there is a good chance we would have more  income during this period of time.   It is more likely that you would have higher college costs and you  would have people borrowing more money and borrowing it quicker than  they currently do because we actually would be setting the precedent  that there is a real chance you won't have to pay this back.   That is not a good precedent to set. What Americans really need right  now is relief from the crushing inflation we see, not more bad policies  that put more money into the economy and drive inflation to an even  greater height.   President Biden has been bragging, frankly, about how strong our  economy is and how low unemployment is. Well, if that is true, why do  we need to spend hundreds of billions of dollars on a program that is  unfair, that disproportionately helps upper income Americans? You know,  it is either the strongest job market since World War II, which the  President said just recently, or he has also said that this economy is  the strongest economy we have ever had.    It is either that, or it is an economy in such rough shape that  people can't pay their loans. Now, it really can't be both. And we are  sending all kinds of messages here we don't need to send and, frankly,  I think the administration shouldn't really want to send.   People made the decision to invest in their education. They borrowed  money to do it. The initial plan was that people would borrow money,  and as they paid it back, that money would be available for the next  generation of people who wanted to borrow money.   If that had worked out that way, we would still be working off some  of the first dollars that went into these student loan payments and  student loan programs.   If we say that this select special group of people who happen to have  the exact kind of debt, at this exact moment, don't need to pay it back  later, I think that is the more logical thing that would happen. What  if we say that this group doesn't have to pay their debt so maybe we  should figure out other groups shouldn't have to pay their debt?   If it is a good economic policy not to pay your student debt, what if  we decide we are not going to pay people's car loan debt, or we are not  going to pay people's mortgage debt, or we are not going to pay  people's credit card bills if they are somehow out of control?   There are ways to deal with that in the legal system, but government  forgiveness is not one of them. The same arguments really apply to  forgiving those debts as would apply to forgiving college debts.   If the President thinks it is a good idea, as I mentioned before, he  could write a piece of legislation, hand it to one of his friends in  the Congress and let us work through the process. Let's make the case  as to why these debts should be forgiven.   Let's debate which other competing priority is less important than  forgiving these debts. You know, we have spent a lot of time acting  like the money is not money that you have to take from somewhere else  to use for a current purpose. And I think we are all realizing just how  untrue that is.   The President hasn't sent that legislation up. In fact, the President  in his budget didn't even suggest that loan forgiveness should be part  of his budget. It is not in legislation. It is not in the  appropriations budget. It is not a priority in anything the  administration has put out there for us to debate and talk about.   We just had a hearing this week with the Secretary of Education about  the education budget request. There was nothing in that request about  specific student loan proposals. I really hope that the administration  will pause, will think about this, will understand the overall impact  of effectively suddenly deciding we are going to put $321 billion or so  dollars back into the economy that otherwise would be coming back into  the Treasury as the debt repayment that those individuals have agreed  to do.   We have got ways to help people go to school. We have got ways to  debate whether or not this is a good priority to forgive loans, but I  take the President's original position, which is the President doesn't  have the authority to do that.   I agree with the Speaker of the House's original position that the  President doesn't have the authority to do this. If the President wants  to make the case, let him make it right here, and that will be a debate  that I think would be worth having.   I yield the floor.   