 Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6364 would extend the use of U.S. Route 209, a  Federally owned road within the boundaries of the Delaware Water Gap  National Recreation Area for commercial vehicles in 2026.   While I support this bill today due to the public safety issues  involved, I would note that the bill was brought to the House floor  prior to the committee requesting technical assistance from the  National Park Service.   At legislative hearing on this bill, the National Park Service  requested the opportunity to work with the committee on a technical  edit to the public law referenced in the bill. Instead of waiting for  administrative feedback, the bill was rushed to the floor, and as a  result, may fail to achieve its goal of actually enhancing public  safety.   Legislation placed on the suspension calendar should be thoroughly  vetted to ensure it will execute correctly and achieve desired  outcomes. I urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to work  with us to ensure that legislation considered on the floor is fully  vetted in the future.   Mr. Speaker, that said, I support this bill, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise in support of the Gilt Edge Mine Conveyance Act. This bill  reflects exemplary collaboration between the State of South Dakota, the  Environmental Protection Agency, and the Forest Service. I commend  Congressman Dusty Johnson for his leadership on this proposal.   The Gilt Edge Mine is a 360-acre former mining site in South Dakota.  Mining began on the site in 1876 with sporadic operations until the  1990s. The Environmental Protection Agency declared the former mine a  Superfund site in the year 2000.   Mr. Johnson's bill authorizes the State of South Dakota to purchase  approximately 266 acres of Forest Service land that will allow the  State to clean up the Gilt Edge Mine Superfund site once the EPA  completes its portion of the cleanup.   This is a good bill that will lead to a more seamless cleanup effort  and empower South Dakota to pursue additional water reclamation  efforts.   This bill will also allow revenue from the land sale to go toward  maintenance and improvements at the Black Hills National Forest. Recent  mismanagement of the Black Hills National Forest has hurt rural  communities and jeopardized future forest management efforts. This is a  key provision of the bill and the result of a compromise worked out  with South Dakota that will improve the management and care of the  Black Hills National Forest, and I strongly support its inclusion.   This bill is an example of a win-win solution that not only empowers  the State to enhance its environment and remediation efforts, but also  reduces the burden on the Federal Government by chipping away at the  massive Federal estate.   Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill, and I reserve the balance  of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from  South Dakota (Mr. Johnson).    Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   