 Mr. President, I will be very brief. I know we have an  11:45 vote scheduled.   I urge my colleagues to join me in advancing the nomination of Judith  Pryor as Vice President of the Ex-Im Bank. I appreciate the ranking  member of the committee's comments about her qualifications. She is  clearly qualified.   What we need to always remember is our foreign competitors operate  more than 100 export credit agencies and credit programs supporting our  manufacturers. As if our policy has not been stupid enough as a  country--PNTR with China, which caused the hollowing out of community  after community in southwest Virginia and in my State and much of the  area throughout the Midwest--China's export finance activity is larger  than all of the export credit that G7 countries collectively provide.  China will continue to use export credit to win manufacturing  businesses in critical sectors.   In Ohio, we just lost two more light bulb manufactures, LED  manufacturers. The light bulb was invented by an Ohioan, Thomas Edison,  in a New Jersey lab. We used to lead the world. Now, 99 percent of LED  light bulbs are made in China. Does that not teach us something?   How about semiconductors? We invented semiconductors. We only make  about 10 percent of them in the country right now.   As First Vice President of Ex-Im, Ms. Pryor will help lead the  Nation's official export credit agency as it supports workers and  manufacturers throughout our country.   This is the most pro-worker President of the United States in my  lifetime. He puts workers at the center of  [[Page S1847]]  our economic agenda, our manufacturing agenda. We know what that means  for building middle-class lives. More to the issue, the Senate  previously confirmed Ms. Pryor to be a Board member of Ex-Im in July  2019, 77 to 19. More recently, she was advanced out of the Banking and  Housing Committee, which I chair, by a voice vote--12 Republicans, 12  Democrats--a voice vote. There was no objection, no dissension. The  Chamber of Commerce--not always an ally of the Biden administration-- the Chamber of Commerce supports Ms. Pryor. She worked with former  president Kimberly Reed, a Republican appointee; and current member  Spencer Bachus, a former Republican Congressman, to reopen Ex-Im to  full operations.   My interest in her is a national interest. My interest is also that  she is a native Ohioan. She hails from Richmond Heights, a Cleveland  suburb, with 25 years of international business, finance, and public  policy experience.   Don't be misled by attacks on Ex-Im's creation of a new financing  facility for U.S. exporters. They already have a quorum. She is not  essential for that quorum. She is essential because she is so darn good  in her job. Ex-Im President Reta Jo Lewis is doing exactly what  Congress--a majority of Congress, not unanimous, but a majority of  Congress--told the Bank to do when we reauthorized this charter in  2019: Help American exporters compete with China.   Our economy--this is almost hard to believe--I mean, it is hard to  believe--for the first time in 20 years, our economy is growing faster  than China's economy. That is because we are finally stepping up with a  real manufacturing policy. We are not asking Congress to waive any  rules. The Bank is required to show that its financing does not crowd  out financing from the private sector. It is essential that our  manufacturers have every tool at their disposal so they can compete  globally. That is why we need Judith Pryor at Ex-Im. I urge my  colleagues to join me in supporting Ms. Pryor's nomination.   I yield the floor.   