 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, this morning, the Banking Committee  [[Page S505]]  is examining three of President Biden's nominees to the Federal Reserve  Board of Governors.   The Fed is one of the most consequential institutions in America. Its  decisions have massive ramifications for our citizens and for the world  economy.   At the same time, since its independence is paramount, the Fed's  structure insulates the Governors from short-term influence and  political pressure. When an institution this important is this  independent, the guardrails that confine its power are extremely  important.   Now, Congress has given the Fed a statutory mandate that is really  very clear and very limited. The Fed's dual mandate is maximizing  employment and stabilizing prices. That is it. That is what the Fed  exists to do.   The Fed is meant to serve as our central bank. It is not meant to act  as an unelected superlegislature that dabbles in broader economic  policymaking should it strike its fancy.   Its current leader, Chairman Powell, understands this keenly. But,  unfortunately, President Biden's nominee for the powerful No. 2 slot  wants to destroy this crucial distinction.   Less than 2 years ago, Sarah Bloom Raskin launched a PR campaign  saying the unelected Fed Governors should pursue liberal environmental  goals that elected Democrats cannot get through Congress through the  banking system.   That bears repeating. President Biden's nominee for Fed Vice Chair  wants unelected bureaucrats to financially bully the private sector  into policy changes which lack enough support to become law the honest  way.   So let's get more specific. Ms. Raskin has argued repeatedly in print  that the Fed should ideologically pick winners and losers in the energy  sector.   In 2020, she said unelected bureaucrats should have excluded  companies that employ Americans and produce American energy from widely  available rescue loans because oil and gas are not green enough for  liberals' liking.   Now, this is the same old Democratic war on fossil fuels and middle  America being smuggled into a dangerous new forum.   Washington Democrats want to raise Americans' gas prices. They want  to make electricity even less affordable. They want it to cost more to  keep your family warm in the dead of winter. And now they want to do  all this in a radical new fashion where voters could never hold them  accountable.   The stated justification for this power grab is that climate change  may impact the future of our economy; so therefore, it is the Fed's  business--what nonsense with no limiting principle. Every major policy  could affect our economy. Opening this Pandora's box would transform  the Fed from an apolitical central bank into a hyperpolitical  superlegislature. It would turn the venerable institution that is  supposed to safeguard the American dollar into enforcers for a radical  agenda that can't make it through Congress.    So you had better believe liberal activists are already acknowledging  this would not stop with climate issues. They have got a whole list of  ideological goals they would like the Fed to literally force on our  country.   A year and a half ago, Democrats introduced legislation that would  assign the Fed the mission of racial redistribution. They want to  hardwire a kind of financial affirmative action plan into our banking  system.   Look, the American people don't want these wild ideas. So their  elected Representatives actually don't support them. Now the far left  wants to transplant these radical campaigns out of Congress and into  our central bank, where American voters don't get a say. This is just  another example of today's Democratic Party's refusing to work within  the basic rules and institutions and, instead, trying to steamroll the  guardrails to get their way.   Ms. Raskin's crusade would hurt working families, kill American jobs,  make our Nation less independent, and cripple the Fed's independence in  the process. She wouldn't even need her colleagues' votes to do this  damage. The Vice Chair for Supervision has significant unilateral  powers. She might be able to do this all by herself.   Here is the bottom line: Working families can't afford a nominee who  is dying to jack up their bills and gas prices. Kentuckians and middle  Americans can't afford a central banker who wants to bankrupt our  industries and kill our jobs.   The global economy can't afford for the Fed to become a partisan  battlefield, and the American people will not accept their central bank  acting like some woke--woke--superlegislature where citizens get no  say.   