 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise to make a unanimous consent request  in regards to legislation that has already been passed by the  committees of authorization.   This is a bill that deals with fighting corruption globally. I need  not remind  [[Page S6764]]  my colleagues that ``corruption threatens the United States' national  security, economic equity, global antipoverty and development efforts,  and democracy itself.''   That was a quote in regards to President Biden's published memorandum  of establishing the fight against corruption as a core United States  national security interest.   We have heard this over and over again. I was in the White House a  few years back, and the National Security Council was convened because  of the spread of corruption globally. It presents a national security  threat to the United States of America, and we find that many countries  are moving in the wrong direction in anticorruption measures, and there  are identifiable issues--independent judiciary, dealing with  antibribery status, dealing with public disclosure-type requirements.  There are things that are pretty well-identified internationally as  necessary in fighting corruption.   Yesterday, I was in a hearing in the Senate Foreign Relations  Committee with one of our closest allies, Georgia; and their judiciary  is no longer independent, presenting real problems for our national  security interests.   So I have worked in a bipartisan manner with colleagues on the  Republican and Democratic sides to develop a system whereby we would be  able to determine which countries in the world need our attention in  our bilateral relations and in the tools we have available to help them  deal with creating an anticorruption system in their own governments.   And we worked together to figure out how we can do this in a manner  that would implement the types of results we need from our State  Department.   So the legislation that we crafted would have the State Department  rank countries in the world as to whether they are in tier 1, 2, or 3.   Tier 3 would be the countries of our concern. These are the countries  that are not taking steps to deal with systemic corruption that they  have in their system that does not comply with international standards.   Tier 2 are countries that have not met those international standards,  but they are taking the right courses.   And tier 1 are those countries that have met these international  standards.   Now, this is not unique. We have done similar types of work in our  State Department identifying problems with trafficking, trafficking in  humans. We have similar types of work in our State Department to  identify religious tolerance and freedom. We have similar efforts to  deal with basic human rights. So this is a system that we have worked  in the past.   But it goes even further than that. The legislation gives the  capacity in the State Department, in the missions in those countries  that are in tier 3, to have a point person to help deal with the  country to make the corrections that are necessary, to assist them.   This is an effort to try to get countries on the right path to fight  corruption. Because, you see, many countries are trying to become  democratic states; but if they don't have the tools in place to protect  them against corruption, they are going to find that they are not going  to succeed in their efforts. So this is really an important step  forward in order to build more democratic states around the world. It  gives the right capacity to the State Department in its missions. I am  pleased with the support I have gotten from many diplomats around the  world, from many people in both branches of government. This bill is  bipartisan. It has been--we have had markups in our committees and  passed it in our committees, and I am hopeful that we can get a  unanimous consent today to move it through the Senate so that hopefully  we can catch up with the work that is being done in the House. We can  reconcile any differences that may exist, but we will at least have  this bill ready to move to fight corruption.   So I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of Calendar No. 88, S.14. I further ask that the  committee-reported substitute be withdrawn, the Cardin substitute be  considered and agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a  third time and passed, and the title amendment at the desk be  considered and agreed to, and that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I am disappointed that there is an  objection, but I appreciate my friend from Pennsylvania's willingness  to sit down and continue to try to work this out.   We have met with several Members who have had some similar concerns,  and I thought we had resolved most of those issues. I am fully prepared  to continue to work with the Senator from Pennsylvania, and, hopefully,  we can find a common spot.   I would just point out that we have strategic partnerships with so  many countries around the world that our State Department is very clear  that we are not going to abandon our core principles in that  relationship. We might need their help on a security issue, but if  their human rights do not meet international standards, that will be  raised.   We know that, in many bilateral meetings that we hold with Senators  or that the administration holds with heads of state on important  subjects, they mention human rights because it is an important value  that we have in our relationship. We do the same in the trafficking of  persons. We do the same for religious freedom. We do the same in so  many other areas. Corruption is a growing problem globally, and we need  to elevate the importance of that in our bilaterals and the importance  of that in supporting internationally recognized standards.  [[Page S6765]]    But I understand the gentleman's concern. I will take him up on his  offer. I will try not to bother him on Thanksgiving itself; but,  perhaps, we can work together and find a way that we can move this  forward.   With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.   