 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the MORE Act,  and urge my colleagues--on both sides of the aisle--to support this  important and comprehensive cannabis reform legislation. It tackles  inequities and historic criminalization associated with cannabis.   The MORE Act will begin the long-overdue effort to undo the damage to  families and communities across our nation that has been caused by  misguided and ineffective federal drug polices related to cannabis. It  will finally establish a safe and well-regulated interstate marketplace  for cannabis.   It is vitally important that at the federal level we finally  recognize and invite this economic engine of job creation into the  mainstream of our economy and workforce development. The vast majority  of Americans support this long overdue change, and voters in many  states including my home state of California have already taken action  to legalize cannabis at the state level. It is time that we end this  senseless and impactful disconnect between state and federal law.   I also want to bring my colleagues' attention to one outstanding  issue as this legislation moves forward. California's farmers are among  the most productive and innovative in the world. Not surprisingly, that  is the case with our cannabis farmers too, including those in my  congressional district. Unfortunately, cannabis farmers are in the same  legal limbo as everyone else in the industry because there are grey  areas in the law that need to be resolved: they can't enroll in crop  insurance programs, they can't receive an official ``organic''  designation, and they can't access USDA programs and support. Yet  cannabis cultivation is not significantly different from farming  strawberries, wine grapes, cut flowers, vegetables, and other crops  grown in my district and state. I am hopeful that as we work with the  Senate on comprehensive cannabis reform, we can provide clear statutory  direction to bring USDA into this conversation as well and eliminate  this remaining area of ambiguity for the farmers in my state.   Once again, I urge a yes vote on this bill.   