 Mr. Speaker, I think it is important as we have this  debate, frankly, on a bill that was dropped last night with provisions  that have gone through this Chamber before which, frankly, have gone  nowhere in the Senate, it is important to understand for the context of  this discussion that I actually represent a preclearance county. I have  lived in one for 20 years. It is Collier County, Florida.   You see, Collier County was subject to preclearance in 1965 under the  Voting Rights Act. But since I have lived there the last 20 years,  there has been no evidence whatsoever that Collier County should even  continue to be subject to preclearance. So much so that the Supreme  Court agreed and actually decided that it was no longer needed to do  preclearance in the United States because the evidence did not suggest  it. But what this bill seeks to do is unleash preclearance across the  entire United States with no evidence for it being needed, the evidence  that did exist in 1965.   Mr. Speaker, I represent such a county today, and something tells me  that in 1965, I wouldn't have represented that county then at that  time. I do today. The evidence is clear. There is no reason to unleash  preclearance on the United States, no need at all. The other provisions  of the 1965 Voting Rights Act still exists today and will continue to  exist. But the preclearance provision is no longer needed.   So what is this really about? This is really about making sure that  politicians have direct control over how elections are going to be  administered in the several States which, by the way, is a violation of  the United States Constitution. Voting laws are supposed to be enacted  by State legislatures, not here in Congress. That is the way the  Constitution is written.   So I think this is a bad bill. We should not be doing this, let alone  funding, doing public financing of Federal elections. Why would we ever  want to do anything like that? We have more than enough money in our  elections. We seem to spend billions of dollars every cycle doing this  stuff. We want more? We want to take it from the taxpayer? It is  outrageous. Vote ``no'' on this measure.   