 Mr. President, I am glad that we, hopefully soon, will  finally pass the National Defense Authorization Act and send this  legislation to the President for his signature. Obviously, this has  national, even global, implications, but I would like to spend just a  moment to talk about what it means to my home State of Texas.   This year's NDAA supports a range of projects that will lead our  military into the future, from nuclear modernization to next-generation  weapons development.   It sends critical military assistance to Ukraine and makes a big  investment in our national defense stockpile.   It focuses, appropriately, on long-term strategic competition with  China, and it ensures our troops will have the tools, the training, and  the resources they need to succeed in any conflict, and, of course, the  ultimate goal is to make the United States military so strong that no  country dares engage in a military conflict with us, and thus provides  needed deterrents in order to maintain the peace.   The Defense Authorization Act shapes our military missions around the  world, but it also is important for reasons that hit much closer to  home.   The Defense Department is the largest employer in the United States,  with 2.9 million employees, including both servicemembers and  civilians. They are stationed in more than 160 different countries  around the world, and on all seven continents. And, on any given day,  they can be found providing lifesaving medical care, maintaining  aircraft, protecting communities in war zones, or carrying out various  missions.   Texas is the proud home to 14 military installations which directly  employ more than 235,000 people. When you add in construction,  information technology, manufacturing, and the many other workers these  facilities require, Texas military installations employ more than  620,000 people. The  [[Page S7214]]  Texas comptroller has estimated that military installations contributed  about $114 billion to Texas' economy last year alone.   But, significantly, America's military is engrained in the very  fabric of our State, and Texans have a profound respect for our  servicemembers.   My father was a part of the Greatest Generation and served in World  War II, as did my father-in-law.   My dad was a B-17 pilot, who, unfortunately, was shot down over  Germany on a bombing mission on his 26th mission. Fortunately, although  he was a POW the last 4 months of the war, he was liberated by General  Patton and his army.   My father-in-law, who died recently at the age of 96, served at  Normandy, where he landed on Utah Beach during part of that dramatic  invasion of France, occupied by, of course, the German military.   But I lived for a while in San Antonio--many years, actually--and  had the privilege of experiencing the incredible support for our  military in that city. After all, San Antonio is known as ``Military  City USA'' because of the strong and consistent military presence. And  while it is unique, based on the sheer concentration of military bases  in San Antonio, the strong support for our servicemembers can be seen  across the State as well.    Whether you are in El Paso or Killeen or Abilene or any of the areas  surrounding military installations, it is humbling to see so many men  and women who have taken an oath to defend our country, along with  their families, who serve as well.   As Members of the Senate, we have a responsibility to support our  troops and make sure they have what they need to do the job we have  asked them to do, and the Defense authorization act is one of the most  important ways we do just that.   This bill provides the largest pay raise for our troops in two  decades. Servicemembers and their families are facing the same  inflation headwinds as everybody else in the United States, but  starting next month, they will receive a greatly needed and well- deserved 4.6-percent pay raise.   This year's National Defense Authorization Act also takes big steps  to support military families, and when you have an all-volunteer  military like ours, supporting military families is an important  component of our support for the military.   This Defense Authorization Act will also authorize additional funding  to Texas school districts that serve military personnel.   It will authorize the extension of reimbursement authority for spouse  relicensing to ensure that nurses, teachers, and other spouses whose  jobs may require a State-specific license are not saddled with an  additional expense.   This bill will also support programs in Texas independent school  districts that help military-dependent children with severe  disabilities.   And I am glad it includes bipartisan legislation that I introduced to  improve the tools that military commanders will have at their disposal  to prevent sexual assault and domestic violence within the Department  of Defense.   In addition to supporting our servicemembers, this legislation will  authorize $315 million for military construction projects in Texas  alone. This includes $90 million for a dormitory for basic training  recruits at Joint Base San Antonio; $55 million for the new power train  facility at the Corpus Christi Army Depot; $31 million for power  generation and microgrid operations at Fort Hood in Killeen; $15  million for a new fire station at Fort Bliss in El Paso; and the list  goes on and on.   Now, these may sound like not all that exciting investments, but they  are absolutely critical to the support for our military and our  military families and to readiness, which is the ultimate goal--that  our military is ready for any threat that comes our way.   In addition to providing needed investment at our military bases, the  Defense authorization bill provides $4 billion in support to improve  the production rate, modernization, and readiness of the F-35 fleet,  which is built in Fort Worth.   The F-35 Joint Strike Fighter, the fifth generation fighter, is the  most sophisticated airplane in our fleet, and it is important that we  have an adequate number of them to maintain the readiness of that  fleet.   This bill also authorizes $23 million in another critical defense  asset that will be made in Fort Worth, which is the Future Long-Range  Assault Aircraft. It authorizes $686 million in funding for F-16  Fighting Falcons which will be made in Texas, as well as $4.7 billion  for B-21 Raiders, many of which will be based in Texas at Dyess Air  Force Base in Abilene. These investments will support even more Texas  jobs and strengthen our military in the process.   I am glad this year's Defense authorization bill includes  legislation--strangely enough, we stick other unrelated bills into the  Defense authorization bill. In this case, the Water Resources  Development Act has been inserted also in the Defense authorization  bill. But, specifically, this bill, as part of the WRDA bill, will  develop the Texas Coastal Spine Project which will provide basic  protections of infrastructure against future hurricanes along the Texas  gulf coast.   In the Houston area alone, we have some of the largest concentration  of refining capacity in the world, and the rest of the country depends  on the fact that that jet fuel, diesel, and gasoline will be available.  If another hurricane were to wipe out Houston like Hurricane Harvey  tried to do, obviously, that is something that will have an impact not  just locally, not just in my State, but across the Nation as a whole.  So this Coastal Spine Project is very important. The Texas gulf coast  is home to millions of people and industries that fuel our economy and  national security.   Well, the war in Ukraine has highlighted another important aspect of  energy, and that is energy security. The industries in and around the  Texas gulf coast are critical to our security and for those of our  allies. I believe that after years of hard work, the Texas Coastal  Spine Project has begun the long, long road to final construction, and  I am glad this project will be fully authorized in the Water Resources  Development Act. The next step is to secure the funding to begin that  lengthy construction process, and I am eager to work with our  colleagues on both sides of the aisle to make that happen.   Given the threats our country is facing around the world, whether it  is Russia, Iran, China, North Korea, the War on Terror, the National  Defense Authorization Act could not be more urgent or more important.  This legislation will make sure that our military is resourced,  trained, and ready for action when called upon. It provides our men and  women with the resources, training, and equipment they need to defend  our country, our way of life, and our freedom. It restores our combat  advantage by investing in modern aircraft, weapons, and facilities. It  strengthens and builds our alliances around the world. And, above all,  it sends the message to the world that our country is, and will remain,  the global military leader.   There are a lot of friends and allies the United States has around  the world and they are very important, but none of them is in a  position to lead like the United States of America, and all of them  depend on American leadership. And that is part of the message this  bill will send about our intention to maintain that leadership role.  That is why, for 61 years now, Congress has made passing the NDAA a  priority, and I am eager to get this one done and do it for the 62nd  time.   I want to especially thank Senators Reed and Inhofe, the chairman and  ranking members of the Senate Armed Services Committee, for their  tireless work on this legislation, as well as all of the members of the  Armed Services Committee that voted this bill out of the committee on a  strong bipartisan vote last July.   It is a long story for why we had to wait from July until today to  vote on the bill, but the good news is we are where we are today and  have a strong bill that will prepare our military for the threats of  today and tomorrow. I look forward to supporting this legislation as  soon as we have a chance to vote on it--hopefully, soon this afternoon.   I yield the floor.   