 Madam Speaker, this week we look back over a year of  failures; from the economy and crime to foreign policy and national  security. There is not one area where a year of total Democrat control  shouldn't receive an F.   It is hard to believe it was only a year ago this Thursday that  President Biden swore to uphold the Constitution just outside the  building from where we stand today.   Despite assuring the American people that he sought to unify the  country, Biden's first hours in office were marked by divisive and  controversial executive orders.   Biden's incompetent economic policies destroyed our chance at a  strong economic recovery and harmed hardworking families and small  businesses.   A year later, Americans are paying about 50 percent more each time  they fill up their tank. That is after President Biden canceled the  Keystone XL pipeline, halted new oil and gas leasing on Federal land,  and proposed burdensome taxes and regulations on small energy  producers. These policies all matter. They impact real people.   That is why tonight I wanted to share some insight and experiences  from folks in Kansas after a year of President Biden holding office.   Nick, a new father in Derby, has certainly noticed the increase in  fuel. He just had a baby last year and started a new job. Paying more  at the pump means that he has less for his newborn's needs, and as  every new parent knows, diapers aren't cheap.   But that is not the only thing Kansans are paying more for.   The Biden administration has directly caused rising prices by  flooding the economy with their Big Government spending. The prices of  many other everyday goods like beef, bacon, eggs, chicken, and coffee.   That is a lot for any American, but it is especially noticeable for  Nancy, a grandmother on a fixed income. She shared that each time she  goes to the grocery store she notices her grocery bill keeps going up.   That is not to mention bare shelves and out-of-stock items that many  Kansans have experienced when they go shopping.   Beyond the economy, we have witnessed the failure to keep our country  safe from illicit drugs flowing into our country at the southern  border.   Executive orders have halted the production of a barrier at our  southern border, and open border policies have allowed drugs and  trafficking to become commonplace. Every State is now a border State,  as fentanyl makes its way to communities in Kansas and across the  country.   CBP reports that more pounds of fentanyl were seized at the southern  border than in the previous 2 years combined.   In a recent survey, a majority of Kansans from my district told me  the issues of most importance to them are the economy, rising prices,  immigration, and our Federal deficit.   It is time for Congress and the President to start addressing these  core concerns. Americans cannot afford another year of radical  socialist policies with this administration.   I thank my good friend from Indiana for hosting this Special Order.    