 Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of the  Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act of 2022.   As Michigan's former chief workforce officer, I know firsthand how  vital job training is to help communities transform economic challenges  into opportunities for all.   About 15 years ago, during the crisis in the auto industry, and then  during the Great Recession, we created what, at the time, was the  largest job training program of any State, called No Worker Left  Behind. We put 162,000 un- and underemployed Michiganians back to  school to study for in-demand jobs, certificates, degrees, whatever  their local workforce board said was needed.   Lord knows, as Mr. Courtney said, at this moment, when employers are  crying out for trained workers to fill positions, we need to pass this  bill.   Let me touch on four highlights of the legislation.   First, it corrects years of underfunding by authorizing $74 billion  over the next 6 years.   Second, it gives greater voice to workers by increasing  representation of labor organizations on State and local workforce  boards.   Third, it makes permanent and allocates $2.25 billion over 6 years  for the Labor Department's Reentry Employment Opportunities program so  that returning citizens can both obtain and sustain employment. We are  seeing employers go into prisons in innovative ways and help people  have opportunities for hope in their life, which is the surest way to  cut recidivism.   Fourth, it authorizes public libraries to serve as affiliated one- stop sites, a priority I pushed to include in the legislation. Madam  Speaker, I am always about those public libraries.   Effective workforce training is a crucial tool to spur job creation,  fight long-term unemployment, and reduce inequality. By increasing  funding and giving workers of all backgrounds a stronger voice, this  proposal strengthens our workforce development system.   Madam Speaker, I congratulate Chairman Scott on his leadership in  shepherding this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to vote for the  Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act of 2022.   