 Mr. Chair, I rise as the designee of the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Porter), and I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, today I rise in support of the mental health of our  students at institutions of higher education.   Studies show that 73 percent of college students suffer a mental  health crisis during their time in college.   I came to Congress to improve the future outlook of our country.  Well, Mr. Chair, our children are that future.   How will our children succeed if they do not have the proper support  to flourish?   The underlying bill will benefit the mental health of our youth and  college-aged students, and my amendment seeks to provide additional  guidance to colleges that are trying to help.   My amendment would require the Department of Education to provide  recommendations on how to improve the mental health and substance use  disorder resources on college campuses and guidance on how to adhere to  the current Federal laws around access to mental health disability  services.   We owe our children the best possible opportunity to succeed, and  that means paying attention to their mental health in the same way we  pay attention to their grades, by keeping them mentality fit.   I thank Representative Porter for her continued advocacy for  students' mental health, and Representative Bonamici for cosponsoring  the amendment.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Chair, I sit on three college boards, and all the commentary of  the colleges' presidents is the same. We have a major issue dealing  with mental health in our colleges, and they would love to have  guidance from experts at the Department of Education.   Will this be perfect? No.   Is anything perfect? No.   We all know perfection is the enemy of the good.   I suggest we move forward and pass this amendment and I urge my  colleagues to support the amendment.   Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time.   