 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, every Senator, when she or he goes  home, speaks to families feeling the crushing burden of inflation, in  large part driven by fuel prices--it is certainly true when I go home  to Louisiana--and they hope for a better job; one, they would like a  better job, but, two, they need the extra money in order to keep up  with the inflation.   There is a connection with their personal economic concerns, Putin's  war in Ukraine, and China doing their best to take American jobs by  ignoring environmental standards, using slave labor, giving subsidies  to the businesses, making it almost impossible for American businesses  to work here and compete with products made in China.   As one example of just how successful China has been, in the early  2000s, China was about 19th and 20th in manufacturing and carbon  emissions.   Since then, since the early 2000s, China has become No. 1 worldwide,  both in the amount of manufacturing but also in the amount of their  carbon emissions.   Indeed, the increase in carbon emissions for China is more than the  combined decrease of the United States, the EU, and the United Kingdom  in that same period of time.   We have been doing our best to improve our environmental standards  for the benefit of the whole world, and China has exploited that, using  their lack of enforcement of standards to attract our jobs to their  country, and yet our global greenhouse gas emissions are worse off.   Now, as I mentioned, the inflation, the hope for a better job, which  is not realized, Putin's war, using energy as a national security tool,  and China's concerted strategy are all interwoven. There is a nexus,  and that nexus is between energy and the climate, the economy of a  family and of a nation, and national security.   So if we are going to improve the financial situation for that family  in Louisiana, a working family in Nevada, or any of our States and do  something about our national security concerns, then we must do  something about energy, and that is related to emissions.   The most effective way of doing this is looking at how China  addresses their emissions and how the United States does.   Now, when I speak of emissions, I speak of the fact that we now use  natural gas instead of coal, and natural gas burns much more cleanly  than coal, and so, therefore, we have cleaner air in the United States  than we did even 20 years ago.   But China uses coal for about 60 percent of their energy feedstock.  And so to understand China as a competitor, let's look at their  economic, geopolitical, and national security strategies against us,  and we are going to look at it through the prism of carbon emissions  because if we think about national security without thinking about  energy and the associated emissions, if we don't think about them all  at the same time, we are wasting our time, just wasting our time. So,  again, examining as a nexus.   There is a petrochemical plant in Louisiana that has invested heavily  in lowering their emissions. We pay a little extra for the products  they produce, but we accept that extra cost so that we have this  cleaner environment.   Just as an example, the plastic that is on the back of my phone, that  plastic is made from natural gas usually, and the process of making  that has rigorous environmental standards to make sure that we protect  those who live around the plant. China does not do that. They do not  enforce those standards, nor, as I mentioned earlier, do they use  natural gas. They are much more likely to use coal, and they  preferentially build their powerplants on the Pacific coast of China.  So the emissions go into the atmosphere, and they blow across the  Pacific, and they land in the United States. Much of the problems of  the west coast of the United States with SOX and  NOX are from plants that originate their emissions in China.    And did I say it lowers their cost of production by not enforcing  those? By lowering the cost of production, you attract American jobs  away from the United States of America over there. And did I say it  strengthens their economy? And by strengthening their economy, they  have more money to invest in their military and more money to pursue  their geopolitical strategy, which is to undermine the influence of the  United States of America.   By not applying our emission standards to China, giving them a free  pass, we are allowing them to implement their strategy.   Now, by the way, I am not against international trade. We can look at  the treaties we have with Canada and with Mexico or with Central  American countries, and we can see that there are certain labor and  environmental standards that are embedded in those. And it is an even  playing field, of sorts. So if we have a clean air standard here in the  United States, there is something like that in Mexico and something  like that in Canada. If we have labor standards here, we have something  like that in Honduras and something like that in Guatemala. So we are  still competing, but the playing field is more even.   Now, there are other benefits of trading in the Western Hemisphere.   About 40 percent of the goods that Mexico produces are reimported  from the United States. There is an exchange that goes back so that the  revenue that is produced in trade disproportionately comes from Mexico  [[Page S2227]]  back to the United States. So while that number is 40 percent with  Mexico, it is only 4 percent with China. And it is not like we are  sending all this money to China. We had about a $355 billion trade  deficit with them last year. And I am not talking about the deficit; I  am just saying that only 4 percent of that revenue comes back to the  United States in order to reinvest in the American economy.   So I am all for trade, but I want to have something which is more  mutually beneficial and one in which there is a level playing field and  one in which the disregard for environmental standards is not used as a  strategy to strip jobs away from Americans in order to improve an  economy of a competitor that uses that money to improve their military  standing and uses that money to undermine our influence and, by the  way, to attempt to expand their geopolitical viewpoint.   Now, I will say once more, I love capitalism. It has the ability to  elevate people out of poverty. Three generations ago, my family left  Ireland and came to the United States because they didn't have enough  to eat, and because this is the greatest capitalist country in the  world, my family did quite well because of the system of government we  have here. I am not arguing against that.   But what we cannot tolerate is the arbitrage of rules that are put in  place by developed countries to protect not just our own citizens but  the global environment from the ill effects of certain types of  activities, say, in this case, burning energy.   If we are going to equalize the playing field, if you will, to  lawfully and peacefully defeat a strategy which has explicit goals to  take jobs from the United States of America and to eclipse us as a  world power, we need to think strategically as to how to defeat this  strategy.   I yield the floor.   