 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  California (Mr. Obernolte), my friend, and Chairman Grijalva for  helping us on this.   I rise in support of this bill, H.R. 6427, the Red River National  Wildlife Refuge Boundary Modification Act. I urge my colleagues to  support it, as well.   As has been explained here, it is a straightforward bill that  addresses a very simple problem. For years, the Red River Wildlife  Refuge in northwest Louisiana, my home turf, has been a boon for  hunters and outdoorsmen and other recreationists. Just last year, it  hosted over 209,000 visits. That is greater than the population of  Shreveport, Louisiana, which is the largest city in my district.   Thousands of these visitors went to the refuge for the express  purpose of hunting and fishing. The refuge truly has contributed to  Louisiana's status as a sportsman's paradise. This is a sentiment that  we in Louisiana hold so dear, we print it on every license plate.   The refuge's stated goal is to provide for the restoration and  conservation of fish and wildlife habitat, including migratory birds,  as has been explained here, that all come within the Red River Valley  ecosystem. However, the refuge's current structure is insufficient to  meet the goals set by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, especially  for migratory waterfowl.   As we stand here today, the refuge can only support about one-third  of the birds it is intended to support. So my bill would help address  this deficiency by modifying the refuge boundary to include a 3,300- acre tract of privately owned land for the purpose of eventually  incorporating the tract into the refuge. This boundary modification  would not alter the authorized acreage of the refuge, and it would  still keep the refuge well within its current authorized use and size.    The Fish and Wildlife Service anticipates this tract would  dramatically increase the number of migratory waterfowl the refuge is  able to support. The bill will also benefit the local economy through  partnerships with agricultural producers, greater access by the public  to hunters and other recreationists, and greater waterfowl distribution  throughout the region, as populations radiate from the refuge.   We spent a tremendous amount of time speaking with all the  stakeholders on this issue and collecting their feedback. State and  local support for this legislation includes all of the State senators  and representatives who represent the area, the Louisiana Department of  Wildlife and Fisheries, the Louisiana Department of Agriculture and  Forestry, the Louisiana Forestry Association, several members of the  local Caddo Parish Commission and nearby landowners.   This bill is pro-conservation, pro-hunting, pro-agriculture, and pro- outdoor recreation, so we believe it truly is a win-win-win.   I thank the chairman, the ranking member, the gentleman from  California, and all the Natural Resources Committee for working with me  on this bill. I urge my colleagues to support it.   