 Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Michigan (Mrs. Dingell).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Green).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Lee).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Massachusetts (Mrs. Trahan).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. Thompson).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Michigan (Mrs. Lawrence).    Madam Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and  I would inquire through the Chair if my colleague has any remaining  speakers on his side.    I reserve the balance of my time, Madam Speaker.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to  close.   By the way, to my friend across the aisle, I concur. I am eager for a  return to regular order, and I hope we work towards that.   I want to thank Chairwoman Velazquez, the extraordinary staff of the  Small Business Committee, my staff, and so many in the Capitol complex  who have brought us to this day; Representatives Blumenauer and  Quigley; my good friend, Brian Fitzpatrick, from across the aisle, and  so many others. In fact, 300 Democrats and Republicans are on bills  right now to replenish the RRF, and I want to thank them all for  getting us here today.   I am a small business owner myself. I have been listening to this  debate with open ears and open eyes, a long business career, now I own  a couple coffee shops. I used to have three, but we had to close one  during the pandemic.   I know how hard it is, how hard it has been, and how hard it will be.  But we didn't take PPP. We didn't take an IDA loan. We didn't take any  of the government support programs. That is why I am here to advocate  for the 177,000--177,000--small restaurants and cafes and millions of  owners, operators, and employees all around the country in my district  and yours who were approved for RRF funds and have been waiting for  almost a full year for us to make good on a very simple promise.   I want to thank the thousands of other small entrepreneurs and  enterprises in the fitness, live events, hospitality, and other hard- hit sectors who have been waiting so patiently--but desperately--for  support.   A singular principle has guided me in this 8-month journey to get to  today to see this bill become law, and it is the universal and core  American principle of fairness.   We promised American entrepreneurs during the worst of COVID that we  would be there for them. We promised that those who required financial  support to survive that we would distribute it on a level playing  field. We promised that there would be no program just for the wealthy  or the well-connected, and we promised them that their government, the  United States of America, would not pick winners and losers. It is a  theme I hear constantly from my friends across the aisle, and I agree  with it.   But lo and behold, what did we do?   We did just that. We picked winners and losers by woefully  underfunding the RRF and all but ignoring other small businesses  dependent on public gathering that were ravaged by the pandemic. Most  of the 100,000 restaurants and cafes that received support weathered  the storm because of that support. They kept their lights on and their  people paid, and they are now returning to viability. I think we can  all agree on that. But 177,000 restaurants and cafes, often next door  to or across the street from those who received RRF support, got  nothing. One restaurant on one side of the street got full support, and  the other one applied, was approved, and got nothing. This is patently  and grossly unfair.   Actually, let me correct myself. I shouldn't say they got nothing.   Do you know what they got?   They got nonforgivable bank loans. They took on credit card debt.  They mortgaged their homes. Many lost  [[Page H4412]]  hope and closed their doors. And, yes, a number took their own lives.  They lost hope and took their own lives. I have sat around tables with  tears hearing those stories about how their debts mounted and their  dreams slipped away.   So to my friends across the aisle who plan to vote against this  measure, particularly those whose own businesses were recipients of  COVID aid that was passed in this Chamber, I ask a very simple  question: How would you feel if you and your business were among the  177,000 that got nothing?   How would you feel?   And was it not wasteful spending or inflationary spending when you  took the money?   My goodness. Today, we have got one last opportunity. I do believe it  is the last opportunity to make good on a very simple promise that we  made at the outset of this pandemic. Best of all, we are going to  convert the moneys recovered from the prosecution of fraud into  fairness. That is right, from fraud to fairness. The money that was  fraudulently obtained is rightfully supposed to go to those whom we  hope to benefit if we pass this bill today.   Now, we may not always agree on policy. But, my goodness, I would  like to think that Democrats and Republicans in the United States  Congress can agree on the basic principle of fairness.   That is why I will not urge; rather, I will ask, that my colleagues  vote ``yes'' on H.R. 3807, to vote ``yes'' for American small  businesses, and to vote ``yes'' for fairness.   I yield back the balance of my time, Madam Speaker.   