 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, in my 40 years as a coach and  mentor, I have witnessed the immeasurable value that sports plays in  the lives of young adults.   The lessons learned on the field contribute to an athlete's success  off the field. For example, there is the value of discipline and hard  work, how to deal with success and failure, how to be a leader, and the  importance of putting the interests of the team ahead of the  individual's. But many of these lessons are only realized when there is  a fair and level playing field, and that is why title IX protections  have been so transformational for women's and girls' sports.   I began my career as a high school coach, coaching boys' basketball  and football, as well as girls' basketball. This was just a few years  after Congress expanded title IX, ushering in a new era of  opportunities for women and girls in sports.   Title IX provided women and girls the long-denied platform that had  always been afforded to men and boys. It ensured female athletes had  the same access to funding, facilities, and athletic scholarships.  Before title IX, female athletics received less than 2 percent of the  college athletic budgets, and athletic scholarships for women were  virtually nonexistent. Since it was enacted, I have witnessed firsthand  how the expanded provisions in title IX have changed the game for  female athletes at every level.   Today, 43 percent of high school girls participate in competitive  sports. Since the 1970s, when I first started coaching, female  participation at the college level has risen by more than 600 percent.  Additionally, America's female athletes are routinely the best- performing on the world stage in both team and individual sports.   In the 2016 Olympics, we saw the largest number of U.S. female  Olympians in history. It is clear we have made important strides. Yet,  recently, the adoption of policies for transgender athletes has  negatively impacted the rights, privacy, safety, and achievements of  women and girls in sports. That is why we need to continue to fight to  uphold and preserve title IX protections in women's and girls' sports.   This is a cause I have championed in my role on the Senate Health,  Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee. When then-nominee for Under  Secretary of the U.S. Department of Education, James Kvaal, testified  before the committee, I pressed on the administration's commitment to  upholding title IX and protecting the rights of women. As expected, he  failed to articulate how title IX would be protected under the Biden  administration.   In March of last year, when Senate Democrats were pushing through  their so-called COVID relief package, I led the charge here on this  floor to prohibit education institutions from receiving Federal  stimulus money if they failed to uphold title IX. Not surprisingly, it  was rejected.   But this is not just a debate we are having here in Congress; we are  seeing it all across the country. To appease the demands of the left,  sports organizations--from grade school to professional leagues--are  focusing on the concept of being inclusive at the expense of being  fair, but by including biological males in women's athletics, fairness  is not possible. I can't believe we are even talking about this.    Just last week, I heard from female Olympic gold medalists who  reiterated this, and study after study continues to confirm what we  already know: Male and female bodies have inherent biological  differences that no amount of testosterone suppression can level. Male  bodies have larger hearts, bigger bone structure, leaner muscles, and  expanded lung capacity.   One study concludes: ``On average, males have 40-50 percent greater  upper limb strength, 20-40 percent greater lower limb strength, and an  average of 12 pounds more skeletal muscle mass than age-matched females  at any given body weight.''   The latest study published by clinical researchers in Europe finds  that ``current evidence shows the biological advantage is only  minimally reduced when testosterone is suppressed as per current  sporting guidelines for transgender athletes.''   You can't make a level playing field. It is unquestionably the truth  that biological males have a physiological advantage over females, and  sports associations across the world are starting, finally, to pay  attention.   In 2019, USA Powerlifting prohibited transgender women from competing  in female powerlifting. In 2020, World Rugby became the first  international sports governing body to ban transgender women in global  competitions. Just last September, the UK Sports Councils--the national  funding bodies for sports across the United Kingdom--issued a report  concluding that allowing transgender athletes to compete in women's  sports does not allow for a balanced and even playing field--forbidden.  These organizations are doing the research and making recommendations  in the best interests of their athletes while also maintaining fairness  in sports.   But then there is the NCAA, better known as the National Collegiate  Athletic Association. After a transgender collegiate swimmer began  shattering--and I am talking about shattering--records in swimming just  in the last few weeks, the public outcry was so loud that the NCAA  said: Well, we will review this policy.   The NCAA met, and the board voted in support of a sport-by-sport  policy that they say ``preserve opportunity for transgender student- athletes while balancing fairness, inclusion and safety for all who  compete.''   In effect, this means they will defer the policy to individual  national governing bodies and kick the can down the road. These  governing bodies, in turn, generally adhere to the standards of the  International Olympic Committee, which permits transgender athletes to  compete in women's sports.   The Independent Women's Law Center and Independent Women's Forum both  have condemned the NCAA for adopting this approach. The NCAA had the  perfect opportunity to stand up for women and girls in sports, and they  blew it.    The NCAA's lack of true action is disappointing and invites more  questions than it provides answers. By punting the responsibility, the  NCAA leaves the door open for continued erosion of title IX protections  at the expense of women's athletics and continues to chip away at the  great unifier that Americans know and love. We need to do better for  women athletes all across this country.   So let me be clear. The question here is not should we be inclusive  and supportive of all athletes; it is how. There is no pregame speech  you can give a woman or a girl who feels like they aren't competing on  a fair playing field. No pep talk can touch title IX's 37 words that  changed everything for women's sports over 50 years ago. It rightfully  afforded women and girls the same athletic opportunities that their  male counterparts have always had, and we should continue to fight for  all the young girls and the future of this country.   I yield the floor.   