 Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning in support of this amendment offered  by myself and Chairman Grijalva.   The amendment would amend H.R. 7900 to add the text of two bills,  H.R. 577, the Colorado Outdoor Recreation and Economy Act, otherwise  known as the CORE Act, and H.R. 1052, the Grand Canyon Protection Act.   Both of these bills have already passed the House multiple times with  bipartisan support. In fact, each of the bills has passed this Chamber  four times, including last year in the NDAA and the year before that.   They would protect public lands, natural resources, Tribal cultural  sites, and help preserve our access to clean water, clean air, and a  livable environment.   My bill, the CORE Act, in particular, would conserve over 400,000  acres of public lands and consists of four titles that Coloradans have  been asking Congress to pass for literally over a decade.   One provision in particular that I would note is the Camp Hale and  10th Mountain Division legacy. This includes establishing the first- ever national historic landscape at Camp Hale in my district in Eagle  County, Colorado, in honor of the storied legacy of the Army's 10th  Mountain Division in Colorado and around the world.   The mountains of Colorado are where American soldiers received the  training that allowed them to defeat the Germans in the northern  Italian Alps and lead our Nation to victory during World War II.   Today, Camp Hale is home to a network of 34 backcountry huts  connected by 350 miles of trails. Hut visitors share the special spirit  of the 10th Mountain Division in their pursuit of excellence, self- reliance, and love of the outdoors.   We believe this national historic designation will certainly ensure  that future generations can learn about the incredible contributions to  our country by the patriots in the 10th Mountain Division.   We believe that this bill would do much to preserve our public lands  in Colorado and beyond.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud to support this bill, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have  remaining?    Mr. Speaker, a couple quick points.   One, I certainly have a lot of respect for my colleague, and he and I  work together on a number of different issues. I think we can have a  debate about uranium mining. I would hope that he would rethink or  reevaluate his comment regarding the dead of night because he knows,  just as well as I do, that these amendments come as no surprise to  anyone in this Chamber. They have passed repeatedly in the NDAA. They  were debated and obviously considered as part of the Rules Committee--I  serve on the Rules Committee--it is not our choice that this debate, in  particular, is happening at 1:30 in the morning--certainly not mine. I  would hope my distinguished colleague on the other side would  reconsider that comment.   With respect to uranium mining, let me just simply say that I am glad  to hear that my colleague believes that there should be no mining in  the Grand Canyon. If that is the case, I would certainly encourage him  to vote for this bill because it is precisely what Chairman Grijalva is  attempting to do by virtue of proposing this bill.   As the ranking member of the full Natural Resources Committee knows,  the withdrawal in this particular bill covers less than 1 percent of  known U.S. uranium reserves. I certainly believe we can meet our  uranium needs more cheaply and easily elsewhere in the United States  without mining the Grand Canyon--it is obviously a national monument  that we all treasure as Americans.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time the respective  sides have remaining?    Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I would just simply say this with respect to  wildfires: My district has been the epicenter for wildfires in Colorado  over the course of the last 3 years. Two of the largest wildfires in  the history of Colorado happened in the Second Congressional District,  and the most destructive fire in the history of our State happened just  6 months ago in my community.   I have worked tirelessly with my colleagues. I am the co-chair of the  bipartisan Wildfire Caucus with Representative   John Curtis out of  Utah. We have worked closely together on this issue.   We passed a bipartisan infrastructure law out of this Chamber as well  as the Senate, and the President signed it. It allocated literally  billions of dollars to forest management, to doing that critical  mitigation work, which is already happening in Colorado, in the Arapaho  and Roosevelt National Forests, thanks to that bill. It is unfortunate  that only 13 of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle chose to  join us in that effort.   With respect to support for the underlying legislation, we can  disagree about the contours of this particular bill. What we can't  disagree about, in my view, are the facts: Gunnison County, Pitkin  County, San Juan County, Ouray County, San Miguel County, Eagle County,  the city of Aspen, the town of Avon, Basalt, Carbondale, Gunnison,  Mountain Village, Ridgway, Telluride, Glenwood Springs--city after  city, town after town, county after county, across the great State of  Colorado, support the CORE Act, and it is because the vast majority of  the people in my wonderful State support it, too.   Mr. Speaker, that is exactly why I ask my colleagues to support it  tonight, and I yield back the balance of my time.   