 Madam President, I always strive to treat each and every  nominee--regardless of party affiliation--with dignity and respect. I  evaluate their credentials and make a decision on whether to support  them based on their qualifications, their temperaments, and whether  they will serve the interests of all of the American people.   That is actually why, in my role on the Judiciary Committee, I have  voted for almost half of President Biden's nominees. In my judgment,  some were qualified and deserved confirmation, and in my judgment, some  weren't. Again, I evaluate each nominee on an independent and fair  basis. With this in mind, I hope my colleagues will take seriously what  I have to say today.   I rise to speak in opposition to, perhaps, one of the most radical  nominees the President has put forward to date.  [[Page S693]]  I am talking about the nomination of Gigi Sohn to be an FCC  Commissioner.   Ms. Sohn is exactly the type of radical activist we should avoid  confirming to lead any Agency, especially an Agency as critical as the  FCC. Her radical activist track record and her out-of-the-mainstream  views on everything from free speech to intellectual property indicate  to me she will weaponize the FCC against the American people.   Ms. Sohn has made no secret of the fact that she loathes Republicans,  conservatives, and any media organization that doesn't share her world  view. One need look no further than her deeming FOX News as ``state- sponsored propaganda.'' She has supported State governments and used  their power to destroy conservative news outlets. When California's  liberal legislature tried to pressure broadcasters into dropping  conservative news organizations, she supported--yes, she supported-- their effort.   It doesn't stop there. If confirmed, she will have the power to  censor conservative media and retaliate against any view that is  different from her own.   Worse than her disdain--probably even hatred--for conservative news  media, she has also made it clear that she simply detests Republicans  as people. She has claimed Senate Republicans are a threat to ``our  Republic'' and claimed their ``ideology has overtaken their duty to  serve their constituents.'' She even claimed that Republicans can only  win elections by ``suppressing the vote'' and destroying democracy.   As someone who won reelection in a State with a nearly 80-percent  turnout in the last election, I can tell her that that isn't the case.   As if her disdain for conservative media and Republicans isn't  enough, she has also demonstrated she is a radical, anti-copyright  activist who will use every lever of power at her disposal to harm  America's content creators.   For years, she dismissed the economic harms that our outdated  copyright laws have caused content creators. She belittled their  demonstrated pain and suffering, and she opposed efforts to fix the  failed copyright system. During her time at the FCC as a senior adviser  to FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler, Sohn championed the FCC's attempt to  unlock pay-TV set-top boxes.   This disastrous policy would have destroyed the intellectual property  rights of copyright owners to the benefit of big tech companies like  Google, and these big tech companies have conveniently funded Sohn over  the years.   She has never apologized for this disastrous policy. In a 2016 op-ed,  Sohn downplayed any concerns with this proposal by proposing only a  hypothetical solution to address them.   Finally, anyone who doubts her radical views on intellectual property  need look no further than to the fact that she literally served on the  board of directors of a company named Locast, whose sole purpose was to  engage in illegal copyright infringement.   Let that sink in.   Gigi Sohn, a longtime anti-copyright activist who worked on policies  at the FCC to destroy copyright owners' rights, then subsequently  served on the board of a company that made money by infringing on  copyright and likely made money from the illegal activity in the  process and, not only that, I have real concerns that she appears to be  hiding relevant information to the lawsuit. She failed to disclose the  fact that the amount of money exchanged by Locast was much lower than  the reported $32 million settlement. As an explanation, she stated that  she answered the questions within the confines of the settlement  agreement.   Playing ``hiding the ball'' while seeking a position of public trust  is not acceptable. I believe her nomination would undermine public  confidence in the FCC and our government.   If this were any other nominee, especially a Republican nominee, any  one of these issues would be enough for my colleagues on this side of  the aisle to stand up and ask the President of our party to withdraw  the nominee. I hope my Democratic colleagues will review Ms. Sohn's  record, just like I have, in a fair and impartial manner, and reach the  only reasonable conclusion; that she cannot and must not be confirmed.   I again call on President Biden to withdraw the nomination of Gigi  Sohn. If he won't, I hope I can count on 51 Senators to stand with me  and make it clear that we won't allow such a radical activist to be  confirmed to the FCC.   