 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, it is no secret that Vladimir Putin  longs to restore and rebuild part of the old Soviet Union. Putin wants  Russia to be a superpower, and he knows what he is lacking.   Russia is a one-trick pony with a lot of energy. It offers little  except that. Its population is a tenth of the size of China's. Putin  knows he needs to strengthen his military, economy, and position in the  world, and he has been ruthless in that pursuit.   We should not, then, be surprised that he is escalating his actions.  It is a quest he has been on for many, many years. In 2008, Russia  invaded the country of Georgia; in 2014, Russia invaded Ukraine to take  the region of Crimea; and last year, Russia began to gather troops  along the Ukrainian border.   Putin rejects Western ideals; he toys with sovereign nations; and he  plays by an entirely different set of rules--his own. And when  President Biden signals that our words are hollow or that we will  disregard our allies, our adversaries, like Putin, take notice.   In September of last year, the world watched as our military was  ordered to retreat from Afghanistan; we abandoned our allies; and we  left civilians at the mercy of the Taliban. In October, Russia further  built up its invasion force along the Ukrainian border. Last month,  North Korea, once again, tested missiles. Iran is, perhaps, a few weeks  away from building its own nuclear bomb; and today, as I speak, China  struts at the Olympics while it tortures its citizens.   The Chinese Communist Party seeks to dominate its neighbors and  devour our ally, Taiwan. Communist China's navy has more ships than the  U.S. Navy's, and their weapons grow more sophisticated than ours every  day. Here is just an example: The Chinese successfully tested a  hypersonic missile in December while we are still at the drawing board.   Dictators and bullies zero in on weakness like a homing beacon. In  the absence of our inaction, our adversaries will move with a level of  decisiveness President Biden could only dream of.  [[Page S656]]    Putin does not want a war with the United States and our allies in  the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, or NATO. This would be foolish.  Putin's goal is to deter Ukraine from joining NATO. He wants their pro- democracy government to collapse, for Ukrainians to abandon their  resolve, and wants to take over the country that largely despises  him. He wants a buffer between him and the West, and he wants the  United States to step aside and let him do this.    To be clear, we do not--we do not--want American bloodshed in  Ukraine, but neither do the Ukrainians.   Last year, I traveled to Ukraine with several other Members of  Congress and met with President Zelenskyy of Ukraine. The Ukrainian  President told me, ``Ukrainians do not want Americans' boots on the  ground.'' Ukrainians are willing and ready to fight their own fight.  All they ask is for support; not blankets and helmets, but weapons-- weapons that can help them fight off the aggression.   While Ukrainians have been sounding an alarm, our President has been  asleep at the wheel. When Russia was amassing troops along the  Ukrainian border, President Biden was giving a blistering speech about  voting rights, saying anyone who disagrees with him wants to destroy  our country. Instead of studying war plans on Afghanistan or addressing  the growing threats from Russia and China, our servicemembers were  forced to spend hours upon hours on ``woke'' training, not on readiness  and becoming a first-class soldier.   But the missed opportunities don't stop at this administration. The  Senate already missed a chance to hit Putin where it hurts.   A few weeks ago, Senate Republicans voted in support of sanctions on  Russia's pipeline through Europe, the Nord Stream 2. Senate Democrats  refused to support these sanctions. Who are they more afraid of,  President Biden or Putin?   President Biden has spent a year deploying a diplomacy-first  strategy--the same page out of the same playbook from when he was our  Vice President. The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over  and over, expecting different results.   Flawed decisions leads to failed outcomes. And weak leadership leads  to bullies pushing the boundaries, like Vladimir Putin. It is time for  President Biden to step up. Aggression must be met with resolve.   We need to bring the full might of sanctions and squeeze Russia's  economy so tight it chokes Putin's wealth. This includes sanctions on  Nord Stream 2 and actions like delisting Russian companies in our  capital markets, hopefully, to devalue their currency, the ruble.   We need to show Putin that it is shortsighted to take Ukraine and  think it is a victory. This may be another effort in a decades-long  pursuit, but it will be met with fury and a fury of sanctions.   Looking forward, the question becomes this: When our adversaries like  Russia and China test our resolve again, will they be met with meekness  or might? Standing on this floor, lobbing advice to our President to be  stronger, to get tough, is not enough and is not going to work. That is  too simplistic of a view. This moment requires more than that.   The answer is not to simply project strength; it is to be strong. We  have to be a strong nation that impresses and scares the bullies--not a  weak country but a country that is strong. We need to get back to what  makes this country so great in the first place, and that is the  following:   First, practice peace through strength. That means we make the  necessary investments to modernize our military. The highest possible  percentage of money we spend at the Department of Defense should go to  building a killing machine. We are a superpower; we are not trying to  be one. But our adversaries are outpacing us.   Second, return our economic strength. We have to get our physical  house in order, and it starts in Congress. Inflation has engulfed our  economy. Families face bare grocery shelves and gas that is more, in  some places, than $5 a gallon. Our national debt just crested at $30  trillion, amounting to almost $100,000 per citizen in our country  alone, just their debt themselves. We need to return to a free market  enterprise with less government intervention.    And, third, regain our political strength by anchoring in our  American strength of character. That is what this country is about.   In the past year, the administration has shown our borders and our  laws are not important. Over 2 million immigrants entered our country  illegally day by day, and that figure increases as we speak.   Additionally, COVID's winter surge caught the administration flat- footed, leaving the most vulnerable among us short of tests and of  therapeutics.   Our country is divided on issues ranging from education to public  health. The administration has attacked the policies and beliefs that  made our country so great. But we have to return to champion that  spirit of American resolve and determination in all facets of life. The  strength of our Nation depends on it. The future of our Nation depends  on it.   After this dark year marked by uncertainty, Americans are ready to  return to the path of American independence. Americans across the  country want to reignite the American dream and rekindle American  ingenuity. We should all--this is something all of us--from Members of  Congress to our President--should want.   Putin thinks that because our President has projected weakness,  America is weak. How wrong he is.   To Russia and China, I say, betting against the United States and  rolling the dice against Ukraine or Taiwan is a losing game.   We need to show the world that the United States is still the  brightest beacon of freedom, hope, and democracy. Again, I do not want  American blood to be shed in Ukraine, but we should support a democracy  against any tyrant.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   