 Madam Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Foxx for yielding  me time.   I am an original cosponsor of this bill, H.R. 6929. This legislation  restores the pensions of the Delphi Salaried Retirees.   I am very proud to speak on behalf of this bipartisan bill. During  the Obama administration's 2009 taxpayer-funded General Motors  bankruptcy bailout, President Obama's Auto Task Force directed the  Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation to terminate the fully funded  pensions of more than 20,000 Delphi Automotive salaried retirees.   Even worse is that the pensions of the salaried retirees were  terminated while the Obama Auto Task Force used the taxpayer-funded  bankruptcy to top up the pensions of the Delphi union employees. The  Obama administration choose winners and losers, with taxpayers'  dollars.    A 2013 report published by the Special Inspector General for TARP  said: ``Treasury did not view the non-UAW Delphi hourly employees or  the Delphi salaried employees as having leverage because they could not  hold up GM's bankruptcy.''   These pensions did not fail. These pensioners were robbed of their  pensions by the people who were supposed to protect them.   For over 13 years now, I have worked with my colleagues to try to  restore these pensions. President Trump issued a Presidential  directive, a memorandum directing the PBGC to provide options for  restoring through the agency calling ``the plight of Delphi's salaried  and non-unionized workforce a great concern to my administration.''   President Biden also supports this legislation. Now, Congress must  restore these pensions. There is no precedent for this bill. No one  else has had the White House pick winners and losers and take away  their pensions.   It is our responsibility, as Members of Congress, to address this  injustice. We finally have the chance to rectify this wrong. Stand up  for the 20,000 hardworking Americans who want what is rightfully  theirs. I ask my colleagues to support this legislation.   