 Madam President, to the speaker who has just finished  speaking, before he leaves the floor, he and I share the same initials,  TC, and in this case, we share the same views on an important issue. It  is great to have the TCs--the Tango Charlies--speaking from the same  hymn book.   On a lighter note, some of the conversation here today is pretty  serious. This is a serious matter, but I want to make it, maybe, a  little bit lighter.   I am reminded today of the words of Harry Truman, our former  President, who used to say that the only thing new in the world is the  history we forgot or never learned. The only thing new in the world is  the history we forgot or never learned.   I want to take, if you will--as Presiding Officer knows, every  Tuesday, we have our caucus lunch, and the Republicans have theirs.  Unfortunately, we don't dine together enough. But, at our caucus lunch,  we have a history moment or a history minute--maybe a minute or 2. It  is always one of the highlights, frankly, of the time we spend  together. And I want to just look back a little bit in time as we take  up, today, an issue that is right before us.   As it turns out, the first Swedes and Finns came to America about 384  years ago. They themselves were from a place called Kalmar, Sweden. At  the time, as we have heard from others who have spoken, Sweden and  Finland were the same country. There was no Finland. All the Finns  lived in Sweden, and they continued to live in Sweden for a good long  time. I think the Swedish lived--1809. In 1809, the Swedish rule over  Finland officially came to an end, and Finland separated from Sweden.   But when the two ships, the Kalmar Nyckel and the Fogel Grip, set  sail from what was then Sweden, across the Atlantic Ocean toward the  Western Hemisphere, they got close to land and ended up sailing north  into what later would become the Delaware Bay. They sailed further  north into what would become the more narrow channel of the Delaware  River. They continued to sail. They didn't go as far up as what is now  Philadelphia, but they came across an uncharted river that went to the  west. It was kind of a left turn off the Delaware River to the west.  They sailed for about a mile, maybe a mile and a half.   They decided that they would put down their anchors, and there was a  bunch of rocks--big rocks--along the side of that river. They put down  their anchors and declared that spot to be the colony of New Sweden. It  is what is now Wilmington, DE--the colony of New Sweden. They raised  their flag and said: This is where we are going to make our stand.   That was, I think, maybe the first European colony, at least in my  State, that was created. Later, it was taken over, I think, by the  Dutch and then by, maybe, the British. But, initially, it was the  Swedes and the Finns who colonized that spot.   Delaware has one of the newest national parks in America, and it is a  different kind of national park. It tells the story of Delawareans who  were involved in the earlier history of the settlement of our country  in leading up to the ratification of the Constitution on December 7,  1787, which took place in Dover, DE, our State capital, and Delaware  became the First State. For 1 whole week, we were the entire United  States of America. Then we opened it up and let in Maryland and  Pennsylvania and 47 or so more, including Wisconsin. I think, for the  most part, it has turned out pretty well. We have had some bumps in the  road as the Presiding Officer knows.   The colony of New Sweden was in place for probably about 20 or 25  years. Then the Dutch took over, and then the British sort of took over  the region in 1664. When the Dutch created the colony of New Sweden in  what is now Wilmington, DE, they also built a church. They built what  is now known as Old Swedes Church. We have got a lot of churches in  this country and a lot of different faiths. The Old Swedes Church is  believed to be, maybe, the longest continuously serving church in  America.   How is that for history?   It is part of our national park that we created. We had somebody  working on it for years, and we created it a decade or two ago. Old  Swedes Church is still there; it is still doing the Lord's work.   This is a beautiful, beautiful picture. This is the Kalmar Nyckel at  full sail. This is one of two ships that brought the Swedes and Finns  to America--all 384 years ago. This is the Swedish flag over here, and  this is the Delaware flag over here. The Kalmar Nyckel literally has a  permanent place to be maintained and anchored along the Christina  River.   I went to the Biden Station this morning to catch the train to come  down here, as I do most mornings. If I had just not gotten on the train  and  [[Page S3892]]  had headed down the river for about a mile, I would have come to this  ship right on the Christina River. It has set sail many places around  the world. It is really the ship that represents our State, which used  to be the colony of New Sweden.    We all get to meet people from different places around the world, and  I have been privileged to meet a lot of Swedish Americans. It turns out  that there are more Swedish Americans than there are Swedes in Sweden.  Let me say that again. There are now more Swedish Americans than there  are Swedes in Sweden. There are a bunch of them, and they contribute to  our country and certainly to our State in many, many different ways. I  work a lot on economic development and always have as Governor and even  now, and some of the finest businesspeople I have ever met are Swedes,  of Swedish extraction.   I have a funny story, if I could. Every 25 years, the King and Queen  of Sweden come to revisit the colony of New Sweden, and we have a big  celebration for a couple days right along the banks of this river, the  Christina River. By the way, all those years ago, when the first Swedes  and Finns came ashore, they named the Christina River after their child  Queen, who at the time was--you won't believe it--12 years old, 12  years old. Imagine peaking at the age of 12 and becoming a Queen or a  King. Of course, the Christina, that river, is named after her.   I like to point out to women who are named Christina--I tell them  that their heritage, their name, actually goes back to all of those  years when the first Swedes and Finns came here and helped to settle  our country.   Anyway, once every 25 years, the King and Queen of Sweden come to  visit us. In 2013, King Carl XVI and Queen Silvia of Sweden came to  Delaware for several days. We had a huge celebration on the banks of  the Christina River, and I had the privilege of sitting next to the  Queen during dinner. It was a big banquet with hundreds of people in  black tie. It was a beautiful evening with great music and wonderful  speeches. And she and I just had a delightful time talking over dinner.   We talked about the arts. I like films, and I believe the Presiding  Officer is a big film buff. One of my early favorite directors is  Ingmar Bergman, a Swede, who made great films for many, many years. We  talked about his films and the films that actually touched our lives  and helped shape our lives. We talked about music. We talked about  music.   I said to the Queen of Sweden: Your Highness, I don't know where I  got this, but for some reason, I make the connection between you and  the singing group ABBA.   Now, Ingmar Bergman is one of the greatest film directors of all  time. ABBA, a Swedish singing group, is, I think, maybe the top-selling  singing group in the history of the world. They actually still record  from time to time.   But, anyway, I said to Queen Silvia: Is there any connection between  ABBA and you and your husband? Is there?   She said: Well, there is.   I said: Well, what is it?   And she said: The night before we were married in Sweden, there was a  huge celebration and a concert, an outdoor concert, with tens of  thousands of people.   She said: The headline group for the concert was ABBA.   I said: No kidding? Did they sing?   And she said: That was the night they debuted the song ``Dancing  Queen.''   It is, maybe, one of the best pop songs I have ever heard. I won't  say that we sat there and hummed a few bars, but maybe we did.   We have a lot in common with the Swedes and the Finns. We share a lot  of likes and, really, very much appreciation, if you will, of the arts  and of film, including music. We are a country that prides itself on  our free enterprise system, but we know how to do it with a heart. So  do the Swedes.   Look up the term ``no-brainer.'' You won't find it in the dictionary,  but if you look up the term ``no-brainer,'' it would say: this vote  today and the issue that is before us.   Why in God's name wouldn't we want the Swedes and Finns to join us  together?   Lisa Blunt Rochester is our Congresswoman. We have only one. She is  our Congresswoman. In Delaware, she has a saying that she talks about:  Sticks tied together can't be broken. Sticks tied together can't be  broken.   With one stick--phew--you are going to break it; but if you pile a  bunch of them together, you can't break them. The same is true here.  The same is true here. The admission of Finland and the admission of  Sweden into NATO makes that band of sticks even stronger and that much  harder to break.   I am just delighted that we have an issue where there has been a fair  amount of dissension in these Halls, and I am delighted that we have  something, I think, we can all pretty much--almost all--agree on. It is  a good thing, and it will be good for our country. It is going to be  good for Sweden, and it is going to be good for Finland. I think it is  going to be good for our planet. Those of us who are privileged to live  in what used to be the colony of New Sweden couldn't be happier, and we  are delighted to celebrate.   To anybody who is listening who says: Well, you know, I have never  been to a national park in Delaware, well, we want you to know that we  have one and that it is a great one that runs from one end of the State  to the other. If you start up north, get off the train and walk about a  mile, you will be at what used to be the home place, the starting  place, of the colony of New Sweden.   With that, I think I have done enough damage here today. I yield to  the fellow from Alaska. I don't know if he has spent a lot of time on  ships or boats. I spent a few years as a Navy guy, but the marines  spend a lot of time at sea. They take rides in our boats. We are on the  same team. I usually say we wear different uniforms, but we are on the  same team.   And, on this, we are on the same page, and it is great to be here.   I yield the floor.   