 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the general from  Pennsylvania, for yielding.   This is so serious. While Homeland Security was having a hearing with  Secretary Mayorkas, we were having a hearing in our Crime, Terrorism  and Homeland Security Subcommittee, and we were hearing from victims of  human and sex trafficking and hearing about victims of human and sex  trafficking.   Mr. Speaker, how callous does a person have to be to not be moved by  young adults saying: My childhood was one of being constantly raped,  constantly beaten, and constantly forced to do terrible things, that  was my childhood because I had been sold into trafficking, human and  sex trafficking.   Now, one said that she had used the same visa that others had used  before--the very same visa. We are not checking visas very carefully.  Homeland security, that is their job.   But another came across our southern border, and, of course, our  Chairman Nadler really grilled in and focused on and had him say that  the number one problem he had was homophobia of people in the U.S. But  as I pointed out: You are being raped constantly over and over, it  doesn't sound like homophobia is your big problem.   It is not having a Department of Homeland Security that is keeping  the homeland secure.    This can't continue. For heaven's sake, we are losing this country,  and as we are losing it, it is absolutely immoral to turn a blind eye  to these children that are being sex trafficked because we won't secure  our border, and we won't have an administration that will keep the  oaths they made to defend, protect, serve this country, and serve the  Constitution.   It is a sort of fiduciary duty they have to this country, to the  people in this country; and by the relationship with our neighbors, to  other countries around us like Mexico for heaven's sake. It is  outrageous what is going on, and people's lives are being destroyed. As  the country is being destroyed, lives are being destroyed.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for claiming this time tonight. It  is a huge problem. If we don't get this fixed, we have no moral right  to exist; and if America doesn't exist, then there is no freedom in the  world.   