 Thank you, Mr. President. You are being very kind today.   Today, I rise to pay tribute to a longtime, vital member of my staff,  Shannon Hines. There aren't many in the Senate who don't know Shannon  or know of Shannon. Her sterling reputation precedes her, as it should.   Shannon has been one of the most valuable members of my staff  throughout my career. Those who know her are aware of her resounding  work ethic, having spent countless late nights right here in the Senate  and long weekends at the office. Not only has she been a trusted asset  to me, but she has proved to be essential in our work here in the  Senate to fund the government and our Nation's defense during my time  in leadership on the Appropriations Committee.   Having grown up in North Carolina, Shannon is a proud graduate of  Wake Forest University. She began her career on Capitol Hill as a staff  assistant to freshman Representative Fred Heineman of North Carolina  and then worked as a legislative assistant to Representative Lamar  Smith of Texas.   I first met Shannon in 1999 when she applied for a job in the Senate  with my staff. She joined my staff after experience in the House as a  legislative assistant.   Shannon has served in many important roles on my senior staff,  including my legislative director, which is a very important post, as  the Presiding Officer knows; as chief of staff, which is an even more  important post; senior policy adviser for the Senate Banking Committee  when I was chairman of the Banking Committee; staff director of the  Senate Rules Committee when I was chairman of the Rules Committee; and  staff director of the Senate Appropriations Committee and its Defense  Subcommittee.   Notably, she is, as you would know, the first female staff director  for the full Senate Appropriations Committee--first female staff  director of the Senate Appropriations Committee--something she was  humbly unaware of until it was mentioned by a former colleague.   When I first took over as chairman of the Senate Appropriations  Committee a number of years back, Shannon was able to lead the  committee in moving the most appropriations bills, with the help of  everybody in the Senate, in 22 years in a bipartisan way. By the end of  the fiscal year, 75 percent of the government was funded on time and  through an open, bipartisan way. The Presiding Officer will remember;  he was part of that.   Shannon's 27 years of service on Capitol Hill deserve the utmost  recognition and praise, not just by me but I think a lot of us. She has  earned my respect and the respect of countless others. I admire her for  her valued commitment to her work and unending determination to get the  job done.   Although I am sad to see her go, I remain grateful for her diligence,  hard work, and guidance over the years. I wish Shannon all the best as  she prepares for a new phase in her remarkable career in the private  sector.   I can say without question that I would not have been able to  accomplish what we have been able to do on the Appropriations Committee  without her.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   