 Mr. President, it was 2 years ago this month that I  stood on the floor of the U.S. House of Representatives and was the  first person to speak about a novel coronavirus, soon to be called  COVID-19. Two years ago, I had been reading about this virus for  several weeks, and something in my gut as a physician told me this was  not going to be a common cold. I chatted with the CDC, and I implored  them to start doing research on the origins of the virus, asking ``Was  it from nature or from a laboratory?'' and that we needed to work on  vaccines, therapeutics, and testing.   As we all know, the development of an American vaccine, thanks to  Operation Warp Speed, was successful. As for the testing, we know the  CDC fumbled it, but the private sector saved us. And therapeutics? Not  so much. Therapeutics have never been a priority for this  administration.   As we return to our Nation's Capital, I would venture to say that  very few Americans didn't have somebody in their families catch  Omicron, and my family was no different. We shared the same experience  as millions of other Americans did. Despite being vaccinated, one of my  loved ones with underlying healthcare conditions caught the Omicron  virus. As I saw my loved one start having asthma, wheezing, and become  short of breath, I did what every spouse would do and said: Well, we  need to go get tested. We need to talk to a doctor.   So we drove to several testing sites, and we had the option of  standing in line for 3 or 4 hours with sick people. If we didn't have  the Omicron, we certainly would have by the time we left. We called  around and finally were able to get an appointment the next day for  testing.   I am not sure if you have ever seen a person with asthma, but you can  see the distress in their face as they wheeze, as they become short of  breath. This is something with which I am all too familiar. I have  taken care of thousands of women, pregnant women, with asthma. I have  been in the emergency room with them, having to admit them to the ICU,  and I knew that was the road that we were headed to.   I called around, hoping to find some monoclonal antibodies--a place  where we could go and we could get monoclonal antibodies. Then there is  this new miracle of biotherapeutics out there. I thought, well, maybe  we could get those, but none were to be had.   In watching my wife continue to suffer, I decided, you know, I think  we need to do some type of telemedicine. So we called a doctor and set  up a telemedicine visit--someone who had taken care of thousands of  patients with the coronavirus. We did the appointment, and he  prescribed Ivermectin for her. After the first tablet, it was a  miracle. Within an hour, her labored breathing had settled down. By the  next day, her second dose, she was almost completely better right  before my eyes.   Again, I remind everybody it has been 2 years since this pandemic  started, and we still have limited access to therapeutics. Again, as we  all know, the Biden administration's approach to this is to put all of  their eggs in one basket. They believed in a one-size-fits-all  approach. Vaccine mandates, masks, and testing was their prescription  to getting us through this pandemic. All of those have had a place, and  all of them have had some successes, but when a million people in 1 day  are testing positive, it is not surprising we can't keep up with the  testing, and that is why we need therapeutics.   In fact, the Federal Government has allocated over $80 billion for  testing--$80 billion for testing--and only $15 billion for  therapeutics. This is simply unacceptable. We are 2 years into this  pandemic, and we have only spent $15 billion on therapeutics. The Biden  administration should have already established an Operation-Warp-Speed  approach to the development, manufacturing, and distribution of  therapeutics.   It just always seems like this administration has been a day late and  a dollar short. For example, in mid-2021, we saw the Delta wave coming.  We all knew it was coming, and we had real-world evidence in the summer  of 2021 to suggest that a booster shot would be helpful for seniors and  at-risk individuals. It was in June of 2020 that I asked the CDC and  the FDA to consider letting physicians meet with their patients and  prescribe a booster ahead of  [[Page S45]]  the Delta wave--again, in the summer of 2020.   Unfortunately, the FDA waited until September 22 to approve the  booster. Between June and September, more than 11,000 seniors died from  breakthrough infections, while more than 230,000 people tested  positive. No doubt, a booster and/or therapeutics could have made a big  difference in these seniors' lives.   It is easy to talk about the mistakes we have made with this virus. I  want to spend a moment talking about solutions, though.   We need to unleash our community health centers and our county health  departments in this COVID-19 fight. They have been the backbone of  vaccination and treatment for communicable diseases for decades.   Once the Biden administration agrees to prioritize therapeutics, we  need community health centers and county health departments to take  over the telemedicine visits with trained nurses and implement  treatment protocols across the United States.   In Kansas alone, we have over 200 community health centers and  clinics funded with Federal dollars, along with over 100 local health  departments that are accustomed to dealing with infectious diseases on  a daily basis. These folks can implement these protocols based upon  triaging at-risk individuals and starting early treatment. This will  prevent many trips to the ER, as well as hospitalizations. Early  treatment is what works.   Finally, and this goes without saying, I trust these nurses to make  necessary referrals to the emergency room. They can do this. How do I  know it? I have worked with these nurses for 30 years. I helped  sponsor--was the medical director for three county health departments  for almost 30 years. They do an incredible job. They are well equipped  to handle this effort, but they need the Biden administration to move  on therapeutics and move fast.   The medicines you could get for less than $100 can oftentimes prevent  hospitalizations and ICU visits. We need to give doctors the options of  using therapeutics, along with steroids, anti-inflammatories, and other  standard protocols that have been developed by these physicians who  have treated literally thousands of COVID-19 patients.   Certainly, if we have better access to monoclonal antibodies or if  these new miracle antiviral agents were available, we could use them as  well. But, please, let's empower physicians and these health  departments and community health centers, these experienced nurses, to  do their job.   Time is precious. We cannot afford additional delays. We can't afford  more confusion, more mixed messaging, and more mixed management. The  Biden administration must let patients and physicians decide what is  best in their unique healthcare situation, not somebody who is sitting  on a throne in Washington, DC, who seldom sees patients in the real  world.   Thank you.   I yield the floor.   