 I am here today to talk about vaccine mandates. Of course,  I led the effort on the vaccine mandate that was preposterous when our  administration said ``Either take a vaccine or lose your job,''  impacting down to 100 employees.   Thank goodness the Supreme Court weighed in, citing that  Congressional Review Act as one of the reasons it did it, taking that  cue from here in Congress. But there still are mandates remaining, and  it has to do with the Biden administration's pandemic policies that  have just gone too far, and millions of workers are dealing with the  consequences.   You cannot make these arbitrary decisions, especially when it was  clear we were coming to some type of resolution, some type of different  dynamic with the COVID saga, and then drop these kinds of mandates upon  any entity at the worst possible time.   In this case, we are talking about the CMS vaccine mandate on  healthcare workers--10 million of them affected. The very same  frontline workers who have been heroes and served their fellow  Americans during the pandemic were given a choice: your careers or a  vaccine.   With all of the logic that went into the Supreme Court's ruling on  employers with employees down to 100, it should apply to healthcare  entities as well.   It is no surprise that you see healthcare workers leaving at the  highest rate--leaving their profession--in over 20 years. It is worse  in rural areas, like the State of Indiana, and that compounds other  problems that rural places are contending with.   It also fails to acknowledge evidence-based science that clearly  tells us stuff now that we didn't know before, like natural infection  has a much better defense against COVID and it has more durability.   Common sense doesn't make any difference, and now we have got this.  He has robbed these healthcare workers of the freedom to make their own  choices and added to the challenges patients have had to access the  healthcare system. Today, the Senate can overturn this mandate--another  example of government in overdrive, getting into individual decisions  it was never intended to.   I urge my colleagues to correct this later today, and let's base this  on science, not political science, which seems to drive so many of the  decisions here.   I yield the floor.   