 Mr. President, as the Presiding Officer knows, the  United States of America has long been at the vanguard of global  scientific and technological innovation, and that leadership has helped  power our economy and strengthen our leadership position in the world.   That competitive edge is now at risk. It is at risk because we have  failed to renew our national commitment to one of the key tools that  has brought us that success in the past: making robust Federal  investments in scientific research and development.   The bill before the Senate, called the CHIPS and Science Act of 2022,  aims to stop this downward drift and propel us forward again in the  area of discovery, in areas of innovation and manufacturing. It honors  a long, long tradition of American excellence in research and  invention.   If you look back over our history, America has always been on the  leading edge of science, of technology, of engineering, and  mathematics. That spirit has been with us since our founding, but it  truly flourished in the decades following the Second World War, with  new inventions springing from American minds every year and moving us  forward at an accelerated pace.   American astronauts took humanity to the Moon for the first time.  American computer scientists invented the internet and changed the  world. In fact, it was during this explosion of discovery that an  American engineer created the first integrated circuit in 1958, and  that invention would pave the way for the microchips we use today and  which are a big part of the legislation before us.   In the 20th century, the United States was the innovation capital of  the world. In 1960, America generated 69 percent of all research and  development on the entire planet. This golden age flowed from the  ingenuity of American visionaries, and it was fueled by our system of  free enterprise and private investment.   But we cannot ignore another key ingredient in the success of that  period, and that is the very large investment in cutting-edge research  and development made by the Federal Government on behalf of the  American people. Federal funds accounted for two-thirds of all American  research and development investment in 1968--two-thirds from the  Federal Government. In fact, all three of the American-made inventions  and innovations I just mentioned--from building the rocket and the  systems to land a man on the Moon and return him safely to Earth to  inventing the internet, to creating that first microchip--those were  fueled, in large part, by Federal Government investment, taxpayer  investment, to strengthen the entire country.   For example, if you look at the history of the microchip, you will  see that between 1987 and 1997--that decade--the R&D arm of the  Department of Defense, what we call DARPA, disbursed around $870  million in Federal funding to 14 ship manufacturers across the country,  which, in turn, made the American ship industry more competitive than  ever.   That was then. Today, we see a changing story. We are still a leader  in innovation, but we are at risk of falling behind and falling behind  quickly. And, in doing so, we are ceding ground to our global  competitors and adversaries. This is a time where standing still means  going backward and going backward fast.   The U.S. share of global research and development has dropped by  half, by a full 50 percent, in the last six decades, and the most  recent figures available reveal that the Federal investment in R&D as a  share of our gross domestic product has dropped by one-third over the  last 40 years.   While we have been slipping, other countries are dramatically  boosting their investments in these critical areas, fueling huge  resources toward innovation. China's most recent 5-year plan calls for  ramping up investments in research and development by more than 7  percent every year. China has made no secret of its desire to corner  the market in AI, in quantum computing, in clean energy tech, and much  more. And the Chinese Communist Party is putting resources where their  plan is, mobilizing the investments needed to try to achieve that goal.   This is not only an issue of falling behind in the areas of  innovation and discovery because, even if Americans are inventing new  technologies, the benefit to the American worker of leading in the  invention of new technologies is much diminished if the manufacturing  of essential products that use those technologies simply goes offshore.   We spend a lot of time inventing new technologies here, but over the  last many decades we have seen the offshoring of those technologies and  the manufacturing of products with  [[Page S3686]]  those technologies to other parts of the world, at the expense of the  American worker. We have seen that dramatic offshoring of jobs for  decades, including in many areas that are critical to the success of  our entire economy and to the needs of our national security.    An American may have invented the microchip, but today we produce  only 12 percent of the world's microchips. And that is at a time when  these chips are absolutely essential to almost every aspect of modern  life, from running our washing machines to powering our military. At  the same time, competitors like China are pairing their rising R&D  investments with major funding for manufacturing, putting the money in  for invention and putting the money in to make sure those inventions  stay and are manufactured in China. China has put $150 billion toward  manufacturing microchips over the last 8 years. And today, 19 of the  world's 20 fastest growing microchip firms are in China.   So you can see how this creates an enormous challenge for America's  competitiveness, for our economic strength, and for our national  security. The technology we need today for our cars, our homes, our  businesses, and our military is, in large part, produced overseas.   We have already fallen way behind in the manufacturing of  strategically important technologies, and now we are also at risk of  losing our edge in developing the critical technologies of the future.   This has got to change. In the face of these challenges, we have to  ask ourselves two fundamental questions: One, how can we ensure that we  continue to invent the key technologies of the future; and, second, how  can we make and manufacture key products using those technologies right  here in America?   That is why it is time for us to take a page out of our own history  and reignite a golden age in American research, development, and  manufacturing through robust Federal investments. And the bill before  the Senate begins to take us down that road.   First and foremost, it includes $53 billion to supercharge microchip  manufacturing in America. That will bolster our economic security and  our national security.   For American families, more American-made microchips means we will be  able to ease some of the strain on our supply chains that are leading  to increased wait times for everything from cars to smartphones, to  dishwashers. And in the long term, boosting our domestic production of  chips will help spur homegrown manufacturing jobs and lower the prices  of a wide range of goods and services.   More American-made chips also means we will be less reliant on  foreign manufacturers to meet our military needs. Today, 90 percent of  the high-end microchips--the most sophisticated microchips--are made in  Taiwan. These are advanced chips on the market that power everything  from consumer electronics to sophisticated military software and  hardware. These microchips are in our jets. They are in our radar  systems and much more.   So with this additional funding, America will have increased capacity  to produce these high-end microchips right here at home so we are not  relying on foreign countries to power the things our communities and  our country rely on every day.   But while supporting the manufacturing of chips here at home is  important, it is not enough to keep us competitive on other key fronts.  As I said earlier, we need America to get back on the leading edge of  research and development in a whole range of areas on technology's  frontier.   Now is the time for us to boost innovation and to sharpen our edges  across every technological front, from quantum competing to artificial  intelligence, to so much more. And that is why this legislation calls  for significant new investments in major scientific institutions. It  would authorize an increase of $36 billion for the National Science  Foundation, an increase of $5 billion for the National Institute of  Standards and Technology in my home State of Maryland, and an increase  of $12.9 billion for the Department of Energy's Office of Science.  These increases represent roughly a doubling--a doubling--of the  Federal resources dedicated to these important Agencies. It also  includes an increase of $11 billion for the Department of Commerce over  5 years to develop regional technology hubs around the country so that  every part of the United States and communities in every corner of the  country can benefit from these investments.   These are major increases. These are authorized increases--these  parts with respect to future technologies as opposed to the chips  portion of the bill. So, No. 1, we need to make sure these funds are  actually appropriated; and, second, we need to ensure that these funds  are deployed in the most strategic and effective way. That is why our  bill includes a bipartisan provision that I authored with Senator Blunt  of Missouri to ensure that the United States has the tools it needs to  monitor and address new frontiers in science, technology, engineering,  and mathematics.   This portion of the bill includes two elements: First, it directs the  National Academy of Sciences to identify the critical emerging  technologies before us; and, second, it directs the National Academies  to assess how well the United States is meeting those science and  technology challenges through our global leadership and through the  investments we are making here at home. I think we all recognize that  we can't determine the path that we should chart as a country without  getting a good look at the terrain and the horizon and even try to peer  over the horizon. And charting that course is only helpful if we  monitor our progress along the way to see if we are meeting our goals.   That is about developing a national early warning system for  technologies in which our country's best minds are focused on the  technologies of the future so that we don't get caught flat-footed in  the face of emerging opportunities.   We have seen in the case of 5G technology what can happen when we are  not tracking the possibilities, and we get blindsided. The reality is  China beat us in the transition from 4G to 5G networks, and it wasn't  because we lacked the talent or the skill or the resources or the drive  to win the 5G race. We failed to build a comprehensive system for 5G  deployment fast enough because we did not have a national strategy. We  had blind spots. The market didn't fill them. It requires a national  plan of action. That provision in the legislation will address that  shortcoming.    And as we revitalize innovation here at home, we have got to get all  of our talent on the field. We need to deploy all of our brainpower in  order to fuel this renaissance in American technological leadership.  This bill will provide major investments in our 21st century workforce  to create jobs and inspire the next generation of our innovators.   I am pleased that a bipartisan provision is included in here that was  authored by our colleague Senator Warnock, which will direct additional  Federal funds toward emerging research institutions of higher  education, including our Nation's historically Black colleges and  universities and our minority-serving institutions.   On top of that provision, I am pleased that this bill includes a  bipartisan measure that I wrote with Senator Tillis of North Carolina.  Our provision would help advance the research classification of HBCUs  around the country that already have strong research programs and make  them competitive among the highest caliber of research universities for  more Federal funding--to take them from R2s to R1s. This will open the  doors of opportunity for more students, faculty, and staff across the  country. In my State of Maryland, we have two HBCUs that would directly  benefit from this provision: Morgan State University and the University  of Maryland Eastern Shore. This is an investment in our future.   These are just some of the elements in this bill that will help  foster a sustained American leadership in emerging technologies into  the future. But even when this bill is passed--and I urge all my  colleagues to vote for it--our work is not over. The Senate and the  House have spent the last 2 years working on a package to sharpen  America's competitive edge on the world stage. The bill before us does  not include many of the other important measures that also enjoy  bipartisan  [[Page S3687]]  support and are still part of the conference committee. So we need to  get to the remainder of those provisions and get them over the finish  line.   For example, one of the pieces of that larger bill that is not  included in the measure before us would help protect American  intellectual property and protect our technology secrets against theft  by foreign companies or other countries. We know that in today's high- speed, fast-paced economy, where information zips around the world at  the speed of light, it is easier than ever to steal someone else's  technology for your own purposes. At a summit in London earlier this  month, FBI Director Chris Wray warned companies from across Europe that  Beijing is developing more advanced strategies to ``ransack'' Western  companies, pillaging intellectual property, and stealing inventions  from Americans and others around the world in the high-tech sector. We  have to do everything we can to protect ourselves against that malign  conduct.   For example, if you are an American company and a foreign company in  China steals your intellectual property, the only recourse you  currently have at your disposal is to file a lawsuit--file a lawsuit  and go to court. It is like taking a peashooter to a knife fight,  especially when you are dealing with a foreign government, like the  Government of China. That is why I introduced a bipartisan bill with  Senator Sasse to arm the U.S. Government with the authority to impose  tough sanctions on companies that systematically plunder U.S.  technology secrets and intellectual property.   That measure, as I said, is part of a larger package, and we need to  get that done by the end of the year. For now, I urge my colleagues on  both sides of the aisle to support the bill that is before us this  week. It is a key step forward to ensure that America remains the  world's leading developer of key technologies and will help bring that  important high-tech microchip manufacturing back here to the United  States.   We have the brainpower. We have the institutions. We have a system  that can fuel tech entrepreneurs. We need to match those very important  assets with a willpower for national success and progress.   History tells us that a key ingredient in America's innovation  success story has been Federal investment in R&D--much of the R&D that  companies will not invest in because it is sometimes too risky. It is  an investment that we make on behalf of the American people to ensure  our national success and our global leadership. We are today witnessing  the efforts of our competitors and, in many cases, our adversaries to  overtake us in these key areas. And we should not and we must not  surrender our leadership in those places that shape our economy and  shape our world.   We must harness the full power of American innovation, as we have  done in the past, to meet the challenges of our time. And this bill is  an important part of that effort. And I urge my colleagues to support  it.   I yield the floor.   