 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the  time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call on this august body to vote in  favor of H.R. 1286, the Southern Campaign of the Revolution National  Heritage Corridor Act.   The American victory at Kings Mountain in South Carolina was once  described by a British commander as ``the first link in a chain of  evils that . . . ended in the total loss of America.''   When we hear the story of the American Revolution, we don't often  learn of the war's Southern Campaign or applaud the dramatic impact  that campaign had on the Revolution. Significant American victories in  the Carolinas between 1775 and 1783, such as at Kings Mountain and the  Guilford Courthouse, paved the way for America's final victory in the  War for Independence.   Today, there are historical landmarks and battlefields that mark this  rich history throughout the Carolinas. This legislation seeks to  connect these sites to tell this under-recognized story and acknowledge  the enduring significance of the Southern Campaign on our Nation's  history by establishing this heritage corridor.   As a former teacher and lifelong student of history, it is a personal  mission of mine to increase public awareness of and appreciation for  our Nation's tremendous natural, historical, scenic, and cultural  resources. It is my hope that the creation of this Southern Campaign of  the American Revolution national heritage corridor will attract  visitors to learn more about both Carolinas' contributions to this  country and further fulfill South Carolina's lesser-known motto:  Prepared in Mind and Resources.   I thank former Congressman John Spratt, who spearheaded this effort  and secured a feasibility study for this heritage corridor back in  2006. I also salute and commemorate Jayne Scarborough, the late  executive director of the Olde English District Tourism Commission, who  was a tireless advocate for this project. I am proud to continue their  great work and to be joined by the entire South Carolina delegation as  we finally bring this legislation to the House floor for a vote.   I commend the South Carolina Battlefield Preservation Trust for their  help in informing this process and the University of South Carolina for  its commitment to managing this heritage corridor.   Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask my colleagues to vote in favor of  this bill.   