 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Montana for  yielding to me.   It is important for us to be here tonight. It is important for us to  address the attack on the Second Amendment.   The reason I say that is that some people don't care about that  Second Amendment. Some people would pack the Court to do away with that  Second Amendment. That is an important right. It is so important that,  in the Heller decision, Justice Scalia said: ``The very text of the  Second Amendment implicitly recognizes the preexistence of the right  and declares only that it `shall not be infringed.' ''   What does it mean when you say that right is preexisting? It means  that it is not given by the government, and thus it cannot be taken  away by the government. Instead, it is inherent in every individual,  every person.   In fact, the reason I use the word ``individual'' is because Justice  Scalia made very clear, after a very lengthy discussion regarding  militia versus individuals, that this is an individual right. It isn't  some kind of collective. It isn't some kind of government-organized  right. It is a God-given right, and  [[Page H5539]]  thus it is prohibited for government to infringe upon that right.   Justice Scalia went on to say exactly what I just said. He said:  ``This is not a right granted by the Constitution. Neither is it in any  manner dependent upon that instrument for its existence. The Second  Amendment declares that it shall not be infringed.''   Anyone who has taken an oath of office to honor and defend the  Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic, how can they  then vote for legislation that would surrender that right to the  government?    My friends across the aisle have failed to remember how important it  is. I am going to make three quick points.   Number one: Why is an AR-15 important? It is a gun that is light and  easy to handle for people who are being attacked. It is a perfect  defensive weapon. It is important that we remember that.   Second thing: Good guys with guns actually do save lives. Democrats  ignored the recent incident in West Virginia where a woman used her 9- millimeter pistol to stop a shooter who was shooting toward a crowd of  people, with an AR-15, by the way. They ignored the actions of Stephen  Willeford, who stopped a shooting in Sutherland Springs, Texas.   If you are relying solely on the police to come--I love my friends of  the blue. We rely on them. We depend upon them. But when someone is  attacking you, you don't always have time to wait for those first  responders to get there.   My last point is this: If you are 18, 19, or 20 years old, you still  have that God-given right to defend yourself and to the Second  Amendment.   The proposals of this body ignore the fact that the Ninth Circuit  recently recognized and realized that they have those rights, and they  struck down a California law that imposed a restriction on 18-, 19-,  and 20-year-olds.   Ladies and gentlemen, those who are listening, don't give up your  right. If you are a Member of Congress, don't take away this important  God-given right.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Rosendale for letting me speak.   