 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    I ask unanimous consent to speak as if in morning  business.    Madam President, last Thursday, I decided to join with  Senator Shaheen and set up a meeting with about 13 European Ambassadors  to the United States. It was for the Democratic Senators. Afterward, we  thought this should have been bipartisan, and the next one will be.   But the Ambassadors' meeting was nothing short of historic because  these 14 Ambassadors, representing the obvious leaders in Europe, all  spoke to the issue of Ukraine and what it has meant to them and what it  has done to their nations.   Some of their statements were profound. The Ambassador from Germany  talked about how her country had, in a matter of 2 weeks, dramatically  changed its position on many issues: On the future of the Nord Stream 2  pipeline, they have come to realize that dependence on Russia is risky  business in the 21st century; whether or not Germany will step up and  support the Ukrainian people. They decided they would, and they also  decided that they would make a substantial investment in military  spending as part of NATO.   Some of those things seem like very common decisions to Americans,  but for them, it was many times a reversal of a party position. They  have come to realize, as we have around the world, that the Ukrainian  situation calls for emergency measures.   I first want to commend President Joe Biden. Though I may not agree  with all his policies and approaches, I have to say that at the moment  in history we find ourselves, thank goodness Joe Biden is our  President. I cannot imagine his predecessor in a similar circumstance.   Joe Biden set out to first unify NATO. It sounds like an easy task.  It is an alliance which we inspired back in the 1940s, after World War  II, and have been an active leader in for decades. But our relationship  with the nations of NATO and Europe and our relationship to the world  as a NATO alliance  [[Page S1136]]  had suffered greatly in the last few years. Joe Biden set out to change  that, and he is the man to do it.   Throughout his career in the Senate and as Vice President to  President Obama, he played a major role in foreign policy. He was no  stranger to many of the people he sat down with in the NATO alliance.  He brought them together and impressed upon them that, if Putin should  decide to invade Ukraine, the NATO alliance had to be stronger than  ever. He convinced them, and we should recognize that. Both parties  should recognize that. His leadership brought NATO into the 21st  century and brought it to the stage where it can confront this Putin  threat in a responsible manner.   This is being felt across the world, but it is being felt  particularly in the nations that are on the border of Ukraine or  Belarus.   At this meeting of the Ambassadors, I called on the Ambassador from  Poland. I will have to admit and concede that I have a bias there  because I represent the second largest Polish city in the world,  Chicago, IL, second only to Warsaw. There are many fine Polish people  there, and there have been for many generations, who are following this  closely, realizing that they are right on the edge, right next to  Ukraine.   The Ambassador made some comments that I thought were worth repeating  on the floor. At that time, about 1\1/2\ million refugees--1\1/2\  million refugees--had flown or come across the border into Poland, and  they were being absorbed and accepted in that country--1\1/2\ million.  He said something that was noteworthy.    He said: If you watch the TV of the people coming to the train  stations and across the border, did you notice there are no refugee  camps in Poland for the Ukrainians? Those people who come across the  border are being brought into the homes of Polish families. They are  taking the spare bedroom or finding a way to get by in homes of people  who care for them--1\1/2\ million. Now, some go on to other countries,  but many are staying in Poland.   Then he said something which has historic significance. He said: We  are taking care of these people because in 1939, no one would take care  of us.   He is, of course, referring to the invasion of Poland by the Nazis  and the subjugation of the Polish population after a valiant effort to  stop the Nazi advance and then the hardship and suffering of the Polish  people under Nazi rule. They remember that. Few were personally alive  to remember, but families have repeated the stories over and over  again.   My hat is off to the Polish people for their kindness and caring and  their leadership when it comes to accepting refugees. But what a lesson  for us and for the rest of the world. Countries around Europe are each  accepting responsibility.   This was a big weekend in Chicago. It is St. Patrick's Day weekend.  We dyed the river green--lots of parties, lots of fun, events at  churches like Old St. Patrick's and others. It is a tradition which I  am really fond to be part of each year.   I noticed when I spoke to the Irish American Partnership on Friday  morning how many people were asking me about Ukraine. At a time when we  usually just have a lot of fun and remember good times involving Irish  parties and Irish families, there was a real concern about Ukraine--and  not just in Chicago among the Irish but equally important in Ireland  among the Irish, because several things have happened in the last few  days in Ireland.   They have been gathering thousands of pounds of medical supplies and  humanitarian aid and shipping them over to Ukraine through Poland and  other countries. They really care. Then they made a commitment.  Ireland--a nation of 5 million people--made a commitment to take  100,000 Ukrainian refugees.   I said to the group that I met with on Friday morning: A lesson for  us all. This isn't the first time we have seen refugees in the world;  it is the current refugee crisis, and it is ongoing in many other parts  of the world. And what a lesson for us all--regardless of our religious  affiliation, that if we do care for our fellow man, we should care for  these refugees. They are the strangers, as often referred to in  Christian teaching, whom we are asked to accept.   So I want to commend the Polish people, the Hungarians, the  Romanians, the Moldovans for accepting refugees as they have from  Ukraine. It is a tragedy that it is necessary, but thank goodness there  are caring people in those countries who do open their homes and their  lives to the refugees.   There was a conversation as well from other Ambassadors that day, but  the message that came through dramatically was that we are now unified.  The NATO alliance and other countries in Europe, like Sweden and  Finland and Switzerland, although they are not part of the NATO  alliance, really care and want to be part of the response to it. That  is the strength of the force against Vladimir Putin. But the real  strength is in Ukraine itself.   How can you watch the television and see the devastation that is  taking place and not feel for the people who are still remaining there,  the millions who each day wake up and wonder if that is the last day of  their life because of a Russian missile or a Russian bomb or because  Vladimir Putin has decided to engage in a scorched-earth policy?   When they bombed maternity hospitals, I thought they had reached the  lowest possible point, but over the weekend, Vladimir Putin intensified  his illegal, unprovoked war on Ukraine--shelling apartment buildings,  hospitals, schools, creating an obscene body of evidence that Vladimir  Putin should be charged and convicted of the worst possible war crimes.   That is why I had to hesitate for a moment and say, when I hear  apologists for Putin in America, I wonder who they are and what they  are made of. Tucker Carlson is one who even the Russians are  recommending that their friends in the media listen to, making excuses  on FOX for Vladimir Putin. There are no excuses--none acceptable--on  the subject. Mr. Carlson should be ashamed of himself.   It is impossible to know how many innocent civilians have already  died in Ukraine. Estimates run from hundreds to thousands. An estimated  2.8 million Ukrainians--almost all of them women, children, and the  elderly--have fled in the bitter cold to other nations, carrying one or  two suitcases and a backpack and a baby on their side. Millions more  Ukrainian citizens are displaced inside Ukraine--we can't even count  that number--and multitudes are trapped in places like Mariupol and  other cities under siege by Russia. Many of them are without food and  water and medicine and electricity.   These families are coming to shelters and saying: We have no food to  give our children. That is how desperate the circumstances are because  of Mr. Putin's invasion. His unprovoked war is a war of atrocities.   Yesterday, I attended a rally at the Ukrainian Center in Chicago. It  had been chilly the day before, but it warmed up into the 50s--which is  good news in Chicago in March--and we were outside. Quite a crowd  showed up. There were more blue and gold Ukrainian flags than I had  seen in any one place in America, but there were many other flags too.  There were Polish flags; and I am proud to say there were Lithuanian  flags--my mother's homeland--Estonian, Latvian, American flags, all  gathered to show unity with the Ukrainian people.   Since this war started, they have been working to provide aid  shipments and to reach family members in Ukraine. You can tell that it  is taking its toll on them as they talk about members of their families  that are still in Ukraine today.   But people came with a loud round of applause when I announced that  we had, on the floor of the Senate last week on Thursday, passed a bill  to provide $13.6 billion to Ukraine--humanitarian aid, military aid.  And President Biden, over the weekend, talked about another $200  million worth of direct military aid. That makes it over $1 billion  that America has sent, and there is more to follow.   We talked about the sanctions against Russia, sanctions which will be  felt by the common people of Russia. Unfortunately, some of them are  innocent victims in this as well, but it will put pressure on Putin to  finally stop this deadly invasion.   They said--and I believe--that this is not simply a war on Ukraine;  it is a war on democracy. It is a war on civilization.   On Wednesday, we are going to have a historic moment here in the  Capitol. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the  [[Page S1137]]  President of Ukraine, will address a joint session of Congress using  the remote technology. We are all in awe of his courage and leadership,  and we are anxious to hear his message, to think of what that man has  achieved by staying on the scene, regularly broadcasting videos to show  that he was still there. He inspires his people to get up and fight for  Ukraine.   Our message to him on that day is ``Slava Ukraini!''--that is,  ``Glory to Ukraine.'' And it is a phrase that was actually banished  during Soviet times because it was so nationalistic that the Soviets  didn't want the people of that country using it. They use it proudly  today because they are an independent, free, and democratic nation.   America stands with Ukraine in its fight for democracy and  civilization. I just hope that we will learn many lessons from this.  Don't many of the things which we were arguing about in America seem so  trivial in comparison to what we are talking about in Ukraine: truckers  coming to protest social distancing and masks and vaccine mandates? I  am sure those are important issues, but they pale in comparison to the  life-and-death struggle which is going on in Ukraine.   These people understand that they must be ready to stand and die for  their freedom. How many of us could rise to that level if challenged?  It is something I think about a lot.    I announce that the Senator from Connecticut (Mr.  Blumenthal), the Senator from Nevada (Ms. Cortez Masto), the Senator  from Illinois (Ms. Duckworth), the Senator from California (Mrs.  Feinstein), the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. Klobuchar), the Senator  from Georgia (Mr. Ossoff), the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. Schatz), and  the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. Shaheen) are necessarily absent.   