 Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment,  which is in part of the en bloc package of amendments No. 7 that is  designed to help protect our giant sequoias, which are native to my  home State of California, from catastrophic wildfires.   Giant sequoias only grow one place in the world, in California. They  live to 2,000, 3,000 years. Historically, they only die when they  tumble over after living through so many thousands of years.   But right now, as I stand here, there are currently 1,500  firefighters on the ground working to contain the Washburn fire in  Yosemite National Park. The fire is threatening more than 500 giant  sequoias, including the world's largest and oldest, the Grizzly Giant.   On record prior, the only time in history that we had giant sequoias  dying from fire was in 1297; but in the last 2 years, we have lost 20  percent of all the giant sequoias from fire. Think about that. In just  2 years, we have now lost 20 percent. As we speak and talk right now,  1,500 firefighters are trying to defend 500 giant sequoias, even the  oldest one on record.   I led a bipartisan congressional delegation to see the giant sequoias  impacted by fires in my district earlier this year. The devastation was  shocking. These losses are a clarion call for not only the National  Park Service and the U.S. Forest Service to act to remove hazardous  fuel buildup so we can reduce the risk of high-intensity fires in these  groves, but for Congress to make the critical management reforms and  provide the resources necessary to protect these iconic trees.   It is interesting when we were there together in a bipartisan group  to study it, there were people from other countries just to come see  these majestic beauties. When you talk to the Forest Service that led  us throughout, you would look at their badges. I don't know if anyone  has ever taken the time, but these trees are so iconic, they are on the  badge of our U.S. Forest Service.   But, again, in the last 2 years, 20 percent of them have been wiped  out by fire. If we do nothing, they can all be taken away.   In a Congress as divided as ours today, these giant sequoias have  actually united a bipartisan group of lawmakers who are committed to  protecting these natural wonders. I have been proud to introduce the  Save Our Sequoias Act with fellow California Congressman Scott Peters  as well as Natural Resources Ranking Member Bruce Westerman,  Congressman Panetta, Congressman McClintock, Congressman Costa,  Congressman Valadao, and Congressman Garamendi. They have all taken the  time to study what is before us right now.   The SOS Act will help save giant sequoias because it was declared an  emergency so we can immediately reduce the risk of catastrophic fires  in the giant sequoia groves by removing the hazardous fuel buildup,  remove the barriers that prevent the Forest Service and local experts  from taking action in advance to save these resources, provide funding  for the comprehensive reforestation study.    We are able to come together on this bill because we all have deep  understandings that our giant sequoias are in a crisis. That knowledge  also brought us together to offer this amendment today. This amendment  would prioritize $5 million in the National Park Service and $5 million  in the U.S. Forest Service to support efforts to reduce the risk of  catastrophic fires killing giant sequoias in the Sierra Nevada,  including environmentally responsible prescribed burns and mechanical  thinning, among other things. But this would only be for the groves.   It would also help prioritize funds for the development of a strategy  by the Secretaries of the Interior and Agriculture to better protect  the giant sequoia groves from catastrophic fires, a requirement  included in the fiscal year 2023 Interior Appropriations Committee  report.   We are racing against the clock. Fires are burning right now in the  Sierra National Forest, threatening these trees. Some of them are more  than 2,000 years old. We cannot be the generation that allows these  massive and ancient natural wonders to perish on our watch.   I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and vote for the en  bloc package No. 7. I thank the chairman, and I thank our ranking  member for yielding the time.   