 Mr. President, on behalf of some of the 400 Senators with  whom Senator Leahy, Chairman Leahy, has  [[Page S7803]]  served, I just wanted to rise as one of the most junior to have served  with him to express my gratitude for what he has done for so many of  his colleagues as a mentor, a role model, and a friend.   Annie and I are so grateful to you and Marcelle for the warm welcome  you gave us when we first arrived a dozen years ago, and I will never  forget our first encounter.   Some know that when I was elected in 2010, I was nicknamed ``the  accidental Senator'' because I had an opponent who had said something  awkward on television about being a witch, and I won by a decisive  margin, despite being initially viewed as a real, real long shot.   So, when I had been here just a few weeks, I was summoned to the  office of the chairman of the Judiciary Committee--the President pro  tem. As I sat there, he had a fire burning in the fireplace of this  majestic office.   He thundered at me for a few minutes: I am thinking of an obscure  county-elected official--someone no one thought could win, someone with  none of the qualifications or experience for a U.S. Senator, someone  99th in seniority. Who am I thinking about?   I shrank back in my chair and said: Why--why, Mr. Chairman, clearly,  you are thinking of me.   He goes: No. Me.   When I first got here as a 33-year-old former county prosecutor,  everyone said I was an accidental Senator. Today, you call me chairman  and President pro tem. Don't ever forget this moment and how it feels-- your awe of this place. In every election, promise me you will go find  someone who is a long shot--an unexpected winner--and invest some time  and effort in them.   Then, to make the meeting more memorable, he handed me a generous  check with which to hire staff counsel for my Judiciary subcommittee.   Patrick, I will never forget that first encounter. It would be enough  if that were the only time you had shown me generosity and kindness,  but there are dozens and dozens more, like the codel that Annie and I  joined you and Marcelle on when we went to Haiti, to Cuba, and to  Colombia. We got to go to a mountaintop and see the remarkable Kogi  people, who are pre-Colombian, and they witnessed to us about the  impact of climate change in a moment I will never forget.   You took me along with you to visit Alan Gross in a Cuban prison.   You showed me what this place can do and what an American who is  dedicated to leading with our values can accomplish.   As your successor in chairing the State and Foreign Operations  Subcommittee, I am passionate about continuing your work to ban  landmines and to fund the victims of war; to ensure that our commitment  to clean up the legacy we left behind in Vietnam is carried out; and to  ensure the Leahy Law--one of the many things you have done that bears  your name--is justifiably moved forward.   In those first 6 months, you gave me a chance to do a field hearing  in Delaware with you, as a new member of the Judiciary Committee. In  some of these last weeks together, you have shown us, yet again, what  it means to be committed to your State; to leave a legacy of decency,  kindness, persistence, thoughtfulness; and to insist on a Senate where  Senators keep their word.   You have had an incredible staff who has been wonderful to work with.  You have honored your family in your service, and you have inspired a  younger generation of Senators to continue in the way that you have  led.   While I know I will never cast 17,000 votes, it is only my hope that,  someday, many years from now, I can thunder at some very junior Senator  and share with him the story of this most seasoned and most admirable  President pro tem, my friend.   Thank you, Patrick.   Thank you, Marcelle.   You are wonderful colleagues and friends.   With that, I yield the floor.   