 Madam President, I rise today to lay out exactly why I  intend to vote for the aid package to provide our Ukrainian allies with  the weapons and support they need to fight Vladimir Putin's invasion.   First, it is important to understand why--thanks in large part to  President Joe Biden--we are in this dangerous situation to begin with.  What is maddening about Russia's invasion of Ukraine is that it was  utterly preventable. This did not have to happen, and it was caused by  two specific mistakes by Biden and his administration. The first  mistake was Biden's catastrophic surrender and withdrawal in  Afghanistan. The second mistake was Biden's weakness and appeasement on  display and his capitulation to Putin on the Nord Stream 2 Pipeline.   Putin didn't just wake up yesterday and decide he wanted to invade  Ukraine. In 2014, Putin previously invaded Ukraine, but he stopped  short of invading the entirety of the country. Why is that? The reason  is simple: Russia's principal source of revenue is oil and gas, which  is transported via pipelines that go directly through Ukraine. Putin  knew that when the Nord Stream 2 Pipeline was complete, he could invade  Ukraine and not have to worry about potentially destroying Ukrainian  energy infrastructure because he would have in place an alternative  pipeline to get his gas to market.   Last spring, President Biden formally waived the sanctions that  Congress had put in place on Nord Stream 2, sanctions that I authored,  bipartisan sanctions that passed this body twice and that President  Trump signed into law twice. Last summer, President Biden surrendered  to Putin, lifted the sanctions, allowed Putin to build the pipeline,  and announced a deal with Germany to allow the pipeline to be  completed. When he announced that deal, that capitulation, the  governments of both Ukraine and Poland put out a joint statement  saying: Mr. President, if you do this, Vladimir Putin will invade  Ukraine.   In August, Biden surrendered in Afghanistan. In September, Nord  Stream 2 was physically completed, and then Putin began building up his  forces on Ukraine's border. Even then, our Ukrainian allies pleaded  with us: Sanction Nord Stream 2 now so that Putin will know he can't  turn it on later. The President, the Prime Minister, Parliament, and  civil society of Ukraine all said so again and again and again.   I authored a new set of sanctions mandating immediate sanctions,  which the Ukrainian Government formally called on the Senate to take it  up and pass it. The Biden administration fought tooth and nail against  those sanctions in January. I remember standing right here and saying:  Mr. President, if you do this, we will see Russian tanks rolling toward  the streets of Kyiv.   Sadly, 44 Democrats voted with President Biden against sanctions on  Russia, against sanctions on Putin; and the appeasement from the White  House and 44 Democrats led, within days, to the invasion of Ukraine.   That being said now, the difficult question is what should we do now  that this war is unfolding and, specifically, whether it is in  America's vital national security interests for Ukraine to  [[Page S2571]]  fight and defeat Putin's invasion. My conclusion is that, yes, it is.   There is no doubt, $40 billion is a large number; and although much  of that spending is important--in fact, some of it is acutely needed in  the military conflict--I would have preferred a significantly smaller  and more focused bill. But our Ukrainian allies right now are winning  significant victories with the weapons and training that we provided  them already, and it is in our national interest for them to keep doing  so. They will not be able to fight Putin and have any chance of  prevailing if we cut off military assistance.   So why is this in America's national security interest? The answer  lies in some questions that my fellow Americans are rightly asking.  They are asking: What would Russia's invasion of Ukraine mean for our  problems here at home, including, for example, food and energy? They  are asking: Is the cost of this bill really necessary? They are also  asking: Isn't China our biggest long-term enemy?   These are all entirely legitimate questions. They are important to  ask. They are the same questions I asked myself before deciding how to  vote on this bill. Another question Americans are rightly asking is:  Why aren't we doing anything about our problems here at home?   I emphatically agree that President Biden and congressional Democrats  have failed on the issues here at home that Texans and Americans  rightly care about and we should fix. Right now, we have a raging  border crisis that President Biden won't do a damn thing about. We have  skyrocketing inflation. We have gas prices at record highs. We have a  baby formula shortage that has left parents all over the country  scrambling to try to feed their babies. These are real problems that  the Democrats caused and now refuse to even try to fix; and in multiple  instances, such as the gas prices, these are problems that Democrats  have deliberately made worse, inflicting pain on millions of Americans.   All of that can be true at home, and it doesn't mean the world has  suddenly become safe and that our enemies do not mean us harm. At the  same time that we need to secure our border and address the domestic  crises, we also need to stand up and confront the very real threat  posed by Russia and by China. We can't let the fact that Biden and the  Democrats have created massive domestic and economic failures cause us  to ignore threats to U.S. national security posed directly by Putin's  invasion of Ukraine.   On the question ``Why is what Russia does in Ukraine relevant for our  national security,'' I want to answer this by making four points.   No. 1, what Putin is trying to do is to reassemble the Soviet Union  and, beyond the Soviet Union, the Russian Empire from even earlier. If  Putin succeeds in doing so, it would be disastrous for global stability  and for American security.   The Cold War between America and the Soviet Union was incredibly  costly and incredibly dangerous. We don't want to see Russia become the  Soviet Union once again. When the Soviet Union was big and strong and  mighty with a much bigger military, the lives of Americans and the  lives of our allies were in much greater jeopardy.   It is overwhelmingly in America's interest to prevent Putin from  reassembling the Soviet Union, because we do not want our enemies to  become stronger and use that strength against us.   No. 2, Putin is trying to seize control of energy. If he is  successful, it will be felt by Americans filling up their cars with gas  or trying to heat their homes in the winter. We have already seen what  Putin has done with Nord Stream 2, and he is not going to stop there.  We don't want to see a world where Putin controls energy.   No. 3, the United States made a formal commitment to help Ukrainians  defend themselves. Why is that? Well, after Ukraine successfully  declared independence from the Soviet Union in 1991, the United States  signed an agreement called the Budapest Memorandum on Security  Assurances. Under the terms of the agreement, Ukraine gave up its  nuclear weapons in exchange for explicit assurances that the United  States would protect Ukraine's territorial sovereignty. Ukraine had the  third largest nuclear arsenal on the face of the planet, and they  voluntarily, willingly, gave it up. And we made a promise in exchange  for that.   And No. 4, if we don't provide Ukrainians with weapons and they don't  defeat Putin, Putin will be emboldened and may well eventually invade a  NATO country that the United States has a treaty obligation to defend.  That would be an incredibly serious escalation that nobody wants to  see.   Some have further asked, ``Why should America keep these  commitments?'' Why should we keep our commitment in the Budapest  Memorandum? Why should we keep our treaty commitments to the NATO  countries? And the answer is, because one of the ways we protect  American national security is, when we make an agreement with a  country, when we make a formal agreement, a treaty, we honor our  commitments.   We want countries to know that America stands by our friends and that  we stand by our word and that our treaties mean something.   If countries learned that under weak and feckless Presidents our  formal binding documents aren't worth the paper they are written on, it  undermines the ability of any President of the United States to  negotiate agreements with our friends and allies to keep Americans  safe.   Another question I have heard is, why so much money? Sure, it is  important to help Ukraine win, but why should we spend so much? Again,  I would have preferred for this to be a smaller bill. But, in fact,  enormous amounts of money are both justified and necessary. Of this $40  billion, there is $9 billion for replenishing our own stockpiles,  American stockpiles which have been badly depleted in recent months as  we sought to help our Ukrainian allies.   We are already beginning to see the risks and effects of depleted  stockpiles. Just a few weeks ago, Taiwan's Ministry of Defense  announced there would be dramatic delays in the delivery of some  weapons, including howitzers and Stingers. Making sure we have the  weapons we need to defend ourselves is incontrovertibly a good thing,  and $9 billion of this $40 billion, I do not know a Senator in this  body who could reasonably object to replenishing our own military  stores and weaponry to keep America safe with America's military.   There is also $10 billion in this bill for Ukrainian weapons and  training, and altogether, $24 billion in military funds in this bill.  Ukrainian weapons and training--the very things they have been using to  defend themselves and that if we don't replenish, will cause them to  collapse.   The Ukrainian military right now is using tens of thousands of  artillery rounds and ammunition every couple of days. Already last  month, there was a growing concern that Ukrainian forces engaged in  heavy ground combat against Russian units would quickly go through that  amount of ammunition.   They have largely burned through the stockpiles of Russian-style  ammunition they are familiar with and used in the opening weeks of the  war. And last month, U.S. officials assessed that 40,000 rounds of  artillery were only expected to last a few days. New efforts to  resupply our Ukrainian allies are critical.   There is also about $5 billion for food in this bill. Ukraine is  rightly known as the bread basket of Europe. It is the sixth top  exporter of wheat in the world, and there is a growing risk of global  famine because of the disruption Russia's invasion is causing in  Ukraine.   Devoting money now to stop countless people from starving to death in  famine is a wise and prudent investment for American national  interests.   Then there is $9 billion in economic support funds for the Ukrainian  government. Will a certain portion of that money be wasted? Absolutely.  Will there be corruption? Almost certainly. If it were up to me, I  would cut that amount from this bill. Might some of it end up funding a  yacht for an oligarch? Very possibly. But unfortunately, this is what  happens when Democrats have control of Congress and write the bill.   When you have a bill authored by a Democratic White House and a  Democratic Senate and a Democratic House, the result is you get waste  and corruption and pork and fat and bloat in a bill.  [[Page S2572]]    So the question facing each of us Republicans is whether you are  willing to cut off the missiles and cut off the bullets that we are  sending to Ukraine and allow Putin to win simply because there is a  portion of this bill that is waste and corruption that the Democrats  have insisted on.   The reality is that a Putin victory in Ukraine will be much, much  more expensive for American taxpayers in the long run than this bill.  And let me underscore that point. If Putin wins, the consequences for  America and American taxpayers will be hundreds of billions of dollars.   From a purely fiscally conservative view, ensuring that the  Ukrainians have enough military equipment to defend themselves and to  give Putin punishing defeats is overwhelmingly in our interest. And let  me underscore as well: It is the Ukrainians doing the fighting. I do  not want to see U.S. servicemen and women in harm's way. There is a  reason I have vocally opposed a no-fly zone in Ukraine, because that  would unreasonably increase the chances of an American pilot in an  American jet engaging in combat with a Russian pilot in a Russian jet,  and that escalation is not justified.   But ensuring the Ukrainians have the weapons to defend themselves is  very much in our own national security interest.   And now I want to talk about a question that many Americans have not  necessarily been asking but that is of staggering importance to our  national security. And that is, ``What does the war in Ukraine have to  do with China?'' The answer is, ``An enormous amount.''   Last summer, we watched the catastrophic withdrawal from Afghanistan  unfold. We watched the surrender to the Taliban from Joe Biden. We  watched the incompetence of this administration in abandoning Americans  and leaving them behind, abandoning Bagram airfield before we  evacuated.    When that happened, all across the globe, America's enemies looked to  Washington and took a measure of the man in the oval office, and,  tragically, they concluded that President Biden was weak and feckless  and ineffective. And a weak American President is dangerous.   When the catastrophic withdrawal from Afghanistan happened, I said  publicly that the chances of Putin invading Ukraine just rose tenfold.  I also said, at the same time, the chances of China invading Taiwan  just rose tenfold.   We have now seen the first of these two things happen, because Putin  understood the disastrous surrender and withdrawal in Afghanistan to  mean that President Biden was weak, and weakness is provocative.   If Putin wins in Ukraine, it will confirm to Xi in Communist China  that he can confidently invade Taiwan and that America will be too weak  and feckless to stand with our allies.   But if Ukraine defeats Putin with the help of American weapons and  military aid, Xi will see aggression as a recipe for failure and that  the United States has the strength of will to stand by its allies to  ensure that they have what they need to defend themselves.   China is--mark my words--the most dangerous geopolitical adversary of  the United States for the next 100 years. China has the military might  of the Soviet Union with a much, much stronger economy and an economic  engine.   China also carries out policies of murder and torture and genocide  and slavery and lies and deception. A Chinese invasion of Taiwan would  be catastrophic for American national security. Right now, today, over  90 percent of the world's most advanced semiconductor chips come from  Taiwan. If China were to conquer Taiwan, it would give the Chinese  Communist Party a stranglehold on the global supply of semiconductors.   After that, if Xi wanted to turn off the supply of semiconductors to  Americans, he could do so instantly. It is simply irresponsible to  allow that to happen, and it is impossible to overstate the catastrophe  that would impose on Americans.   Overnight, it would be impossible to acquire or repair pretty much  everything we rely on in modern life: Cars, planes, medical devices  like pacemakers, clean water, refrigerators, all rely on  semiconductors--of course, so do vehicles, boats, tanks, missiles that  we rely upon for our national defense.   And even if China didn't turn off the supply of those chips, they  would be able to control what went into them, including potentially  planting spyware and espionage directly and immediately threatening  American security.   And it goes without saying, the Chinese Communist Party would also  immediately control the price of semiconductors and what they go into,  which would drive up the cost of pretty much everything to Americans.   If you think $40 billion is a lot of money, just wait and see the  disaster if the Chinese communists lock up semiconductors on the world  stage and use them to extract monopoly profits from Americans while  simultaneously spying on us using those same semiconductors.   Just as we don't want to see a world in which Putin controls energy,  we should not want to see a world in which Xi controls semiconductors.   I began this speech by talking about the consequences of failing to  stop Nord Stream 2. I very much wish that these consequences had not  come to pass, but the terrible reality is that President Biden failed  in Afghanistan and failed again with Nord Stream 2, which played the  decisive role in shaping the current crisis.   The reason we should help the Ukrainians defeat Putin by giving them  weapons is the same reason we need to keep our thumb on China. And it  is not what some of my colleagues on the Republican side have said: It  is not to defend democracy across the globe; it is not to defend  international norms. That sort of empty nonsense is the sort of things  John Kerry says.   The reason we should support our Ukrainian allies who are fighting  and killing Russian soldiers is because it protects American national  security, it keeps America safer, and it prevents our enemies from  getting stronger, from threatening the safety and security of  Americans, and from driving up the costs, the economic damage to  Americans, by hundreds of billions or even trillions of dollars.   America needs to be strong--strong enough to stand up to Putin,  strong enough to stand up to communist China, strong enough to defend  the greatest Nation in the history of the world.   I yield the floor.    Will the Senator yield for a question?    Just a moment ago, the Senator from Ohio made reference to  the alleged existence of the so-called Putin wing of the Republican  Party.   I would like to ask the Senator from Ohio, Is it accurate that the  Senator from Ohio and 43 of his Democratic colleagues in January of  this year voted against sanctioning Nord Stream 2, sanctioning Russia,  sanctioning Putin, despite the fact that Ukraine begged the Senate to  pass those sanctions and Putin invaded Ukraine just days after 44  Democrats sided with Russia and Putin?   