 Mr. President, in my 8 years as Governor, I had  the opportunity to appoint more than 400 Floridians to the bench. I  interviewed thousands of applicants for these seats, and my standards  in each of those interviews were the same. I asked them if they  understood that they intended to be part of the judiciary and not part  of the legislature. And I asked them if they intended to interpret the  law and enforce the law but not make new laws. If they couldn't  convince me that they believed that was their duty as a member of the  judicial branch, then I wouldn't appoint them.   We need qualified jurists committed to fairly and accurately  interpreting our Constitution and our laws as they are written, not  activist judges who will rewrite the laws according to their own policy  preferences.   Now, I have had the chance to meet with Judge Jackson. We had a nice  conversation, and she seems like a nice person. But I have very serious  concerns about her record as a Federal judge, which includes numerous  instances of the type of judicial activism that we cannot and should  not tolerate from the Federal judiciary.   The fact is that Judge Jackson has written only two appellate  opinions in her current position. So we have no evidence of how she  will approach serious constitutional issues as an appellate judge. And  she has refused to disclose how she would interpret the Constitution as  a Supreme Court Justice, despite being repeatedly and directly asked by  Senators on the Judiciary Committee.   And while serving as a district court judge, she had a high rate of  being reversed on appeal for applying the wrong legal standards,  exceeding her authority, or simply ignoring clear law in her decisions.   And a peek into her history shows an alarming pattern of being weak  on sex offenders, including easier sentences in child pornography  cases. Judge Jackson imposed sentences that were 47 percent shorter  than the national average in cases of child pornography distribution,  and 57 percent shorter than the national average in cases of child  pornography possession. She has even apologized from the bench when  issuing such sentences--not to the victims of those heinous crimes. Of  course, they never got an apology. She apologized to the offenders for  the ``anguish'' the sentences for their horrific crimes would cause  them.   What about the anguish of their victims--innocent children?   These are individuals who harm children. They don't deserve easy  sentences or our sympathies.   And this sympathy for child predators has consequences. We recently  learned that a child rapist, someone to whom Judge Jackson gave a very  lenient sentence, sexually abused another victim after his light  sentence. Had Judge Jackson given him the sentence he deserved and the  one that the prosecution recommended, he would have been in prison, not  out in the streets.   These are crimes that Judge Jackson has the power to prevent, but she  has chosen every time to give these gross criminals easier sentences.  That is why I have joined Senator Hawley to introduce the Protect Act,  which protects children from sexual exploitation by enhancing the  penalties for possessing child pornography and preventing judges from  sentencing offenders below Federal guidelines. Our communities must be  protected from sick individuals who exploit and victimize children, and  also from liberal activist judges who abuse their sentencing guidelines  to let offenders off the hook. Federal sentencing guidelines for these  heinous crimes are critical, and we  [[Page S2015]]  must ensure guidelines are strictly enforced. I hope the Senate quickly  passes this good bill.   We can't have a soft-on-crime Justice on the Supreme Court, and we  can't have activist judges in the highest Court in the land.   I also don't think it is too much for the nominee to the highest  Court in the land to be able to say what a woman is or to take a stand  against partisan Court packing, which even liberal Justices like Ruth  Bader Ginsburg and Stephen Breyer have done. We have the right to be  concerned and demand answers on behalf of the American people. I think  our country deserves better.   That is why I can't support the nomination of Judge Jackson to the  Supreme Court. I am committed to giving the American people qualified  judges who understand their role in government and who apply the law as  it is written, not as they want it to be. It is a simple standard, and  it is one that Floridians expect. Unfortunately, based on my best  assessment of her record on the bench, that is unfortunately not the  case with Judge Jackson.   The Democratic Party needs to understand that the Supreme Court is  not just another institution to infiltrate with their leftist ideology.  I have no hope that they will, but, until they do, I will continue  fighting to uphold the Constitution and ensure that there remains a  separation of powers between branches of Government, and that judges  who are appointed to the bench understand that they are there to  interpret the law, not to make the law.   I yield the floor.   