 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the PFAS Act.   PFAS refers to a large group of high-strength, high-durability  chemicals used in industry and consumer products. They are critical to  the reliable and safe function of essential products like cell phones,  military aircraft, solar panels, wind turbines, and medical devices.  But because of their durability, they don't break down easily and last  a long time in the environment. In some cases, but not all, that  creates hazards to human health.   There are more than 5,000 strands of PFAS in use, and their  tremendous variation means we need to take a thoughtful and nuanced  approach to regulating them. We absolutely need to protect the health  and safety of firefighters, the military, and individuals exposed to  harmful PFAS. That means preventing exposure to unsafe PFAS and  addressing PFAS contamination now.   But not all PFAS are harmful, and some are indispensable for things  like fighting fires and protecting our servicemen and women from  chemical warfare. Others are used for lithium batteries and solar  energy equipment. So my concern about some of the legislation on PFAS  is that they would ban their use entirely, even when that might not be  necessary.   The fact is that we don't fully understand the properties of all  PFAS. Maybe a newly created strand has better fire suppression power  and dissolves in a solution, or another has absolutely no human health  effects and breaks down organically. We simply don't know yet, and we  can't shut the door on innovation.   The Science, Space, and Technology Committee is working hard to  improve and expand our knowledge about PFAS so that we can make  individual determinations about what is safe and what is not.   For example, this summer, the House passed our Federal PFAS Research  Evaluation Act which directs the National Academies to study the  toxicity, effects, and behavior of different strands of PFAS. It also  will study emerging PFAS strands in hopes of finding more harmless  strains with effective and useful properties.   This is groundbreaking research, and it can't be done overnight. So  while the experts are working on it, my fellow Science, Space, and  Technology Committee members and I urge the rest of this body to  respect the scientific process.   Do not pass legislation that outright eliminates all 5,000-plus  strands of PFAS without the scientific understanding to support that  decision.   Here is the good news: The bill we are considering today isn't  intended to put us on a path toward banning PFAS. While some of the  language could be construed by a creative mind to be broadly anti-PFAS,  I know that is not the intention of the sponsors of this bill from  Michigan, nor is it the intention of the Science, Space, and Technology  Committee.   To further support this, I yield to the gentlewoman from Michigan  (Mrs. Dingell) to engage in a colloquy on her intent related to this  bill.    Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, I thank the gentlewoman  for her remarks in agreement. We both share the understanding that  instead of banning PFAS, this bill focuses on education, understanding,  and knowledge of these chemicals. Specifically, it will ensure that we  are protecting our firefighters who rely on PFAS to extinguish fires.    There aren't many alternatives to PFAS when it comes to fighting  fires, but firefighters put their lives at risk every day, and this  bill will ensure they aren't facing long-term health risks simply  because of the equipment and the tools they use daily.   We can mitigate harmful effects by carefully studying what chemicals  first responders are exposed to and ensuring they are properly educated  about safety procedures and risks.   The curriculum authorized by this bill is just that. We are focusing  on education, understanding, and knowledge. I support its passage  today. When the time comes, I have every intention of working with the  gentlewoman from Michigan to make sure we are targeting the truly bad  PFAS--those with health and environmental effects. But for now, I  appreciate that my friends on the other side of the aisle are leaving  the door open for future development and letting science determine the  outcome, not politics.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Posey).    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, firefighters and emergency response personnel put  themselves in harm's way daily with no questions asked. They do this to  save lives and protect their communities. Therefore, it is only fitting  that Congress does what we can to protect their lives in return.   The bill we are considering today, the PFAS Act, arms our first  responders with knowledge and procedures to avoid long-term health  effects from harmful chemicals.   This bill is also an example of strong bipartisan collaboration, with  all the discussion and refinement that entails. My colleague from  Michigan understood my concerns about not getting ahead of the science  and banning all PFAS. I understood her desire to take immediate action  for her constituents. We worked together to both walk away happy with  the result.   My sincere thanks to Congresswoman Dingell, the Science, Space, and  Technology Committee staff, and everyone involved in these discussions.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   