 Madam President, we are about--at least many of us--ready  to return home to our States and to visit with our constituents in  person, and that is a common practice for me. I can indicate to my  colleagues in the Senate that the conversations--they are wide-ranging  at home, but certainly, if there is a theme, it is the consequences  that Americans and Kansans are feeling in regard to inflation. The  things at the grocery store, the price at the pump, rent--all those  things are rising, and people are struggling to pay the bills. Things  are being left out of what someone can afford in their budget because  everything costs more.   Kansas is an energy-producing State. We certainly are an agricultural  State. I would tell you, when I talk to farmers and ranchers, commodity  prices have gone up. One might think that is something that would be  very beneficial to farmers, but this inflation has raised the price of  everything they purchase to create the crops that feed us across  America and around the world.   One of the components and one of the reasons that inflation is rising  so rapidly is energy costs. Even for my farmers, fertilizer is made  from phosphates and natural gas. Diesel fuel is used in the vehicles  and tractors and trucks. Our ability to provide that food for the world  is being hampered because we are going to lose money when we grow crops  even though they may bring a higher price than they did just a few  months ago.   So many components of what we purchase in this country and one of the  reasons costs are all rising is because of the price of oil and gas. I  am confused by the policies that many in this body promote. At the same  time, they are asking for relief at the pump. Yet, time and time again,  what policies, what legislation, what conversations here, what actions  are taken--particularly by Democrats--are to reduce the supply of oil  and natural gas.   It makes no sense to me when the policy--in fact, how can it make  sense for people to propose to eliminate the tax on gas? I suppose  their interest in making gas more expensive is to reduce the use of oil  and natural gas fossil fuels, but on the other hand, if they lower the  tax on gas, it would lower the price, which is to encourage the ability  to purchase.   President Biden asked the Russians to increase their production in  order to alleviate the price at the pump in the United States. We have  been talking to Europe about how we are going to help them solve their  natural gas shortage should we have a crisis in Ukraine and natural gas  can no longer be imported from Russia, and we are working to provide  more natural gas.   We should be doing everything in our country to increase the supply.  The definition of ``inflation'' is, I think, pretty basic. It is ``too  few goods being chased by the same amount of dollars.''   Even this week in the Banking Committee, the conversation over the  last month has been about whether or not the Federal Reserve, which has  no ability, no legal ability, no purpose in setting the price of gas  and oil--and they would do so by trying to restrict loans by financial  institutions to oil and gas energy producers at the same time they are  supposed to be combating inflation.   So it seems to me on one hand and on the other hand, they don't make  any sense. They are not logical and in so many instances, hypocritical.   We want to have an energy policy that is to produce more. I am ``all  of the above'' on energy, but the policies of this country which we see  trying to eliminate oil and natural gas, fossil fuels, at a time in  which the cost at the pump, the cost in agriculture, the cost at the  grocery store is rising--we should be focused on trying to make certain  that Americans can afford to live in this country. We will not achieve  that by trying to eliminate or reduce the supply of natural gas and  oil.   I will be talking to my constituents about this issue, as I return  home this week.   I wish we could have a coherent conversation, discussion, on policy  development.   We need to produce more. The days in which we became energy  independent in the last administration were ones in which we felt a  sense of relief, a sense of safety and security, and I long for the  days in which we are able to recognize that our national security and  our economics are benefited by a strong oil and gas industry meeting  the needs of Americans, taking care of ourselves at home and providing  greater national security as we deal with crises around the world.   I yield the floor.   