 Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman. I won't need 5 minutes  because this is essentially commonsense legislation. I rise in strong  support of this measure.   Title 5, unions. What is wrong with unions? Our Border Patrol  officers are unionized. Our local police officers are unionized. Our  local sheriffs are unionized, and countless other public safety  officers are unionized.   TSA employees, 9/11. It has been more than 20 years, but people like  me, I still remember 9/11. I still remember those pictures of  firefighters and police officers, unionized, running into these burning  buildings in New York City. Those officers and firefighters knew they  were going to perish that day, but they ran in to save American lives.   We don't want another 9/11 to happen again. Heaven forbid. But this  is what the TSA officers are all about, preventing another 9/11.   Every time I get on a plane, every time my family gets on a plane,  you hope to God that those TSO officers, TSA officers do their jobs,  make sure that nothing terrible gets on a flight, make sure that there  is order, and you want that officer on that line, on that front line,  to do their job correctly.   You want an experienced officer, you want an experienced officer who  has been there for years. You don't want an officer who has been there  a few months waiting for another job because that job doesn't pay him  enough. You don't want that officer to look for another job because he  is not trained correctly. You want a trained, professional workforce.   That is really what this measure is about, preventing another 9/11.  How? Making sure that those frontline TSA workers, employees are  prepared, trained, and know what they are doing. Commonsense  legislation. I ask my colleagues to please support safety in the skies,  safety for our families.    Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this amendment,  which is unnecessary and failed on a bipartisan vote during the  Committee on Homeland Security's markup of this bill.   Law enforcement across Federal Government, as well as State and  local, have benefited from collective bargaining representation without  any harm to national security. This amendment seeks to have TSA treated  differently from other Department of Homeland Security components with  union representation, like U.S. Customs and Border Protection.   This amendment is inconsistent with the goal of the underlying bill,  which is to ensure that TSA workforce is treated like all other Federal  employees--equally.   Further, this amendment is unnecessary because under section 7106 of  title 5, the Administrator is already granted this power to, ``take  whatever actions may be necessary to carry out the agency mission  during emergencies.'' The same provision would preserve TSA's authority  to hire, remove, or to assign work employees to fulfill an agency's  mission.   So if the law is clear, why is this amendment being offered? The  answer is simple. Many here want to avoid talking about the real issue,  which is the need to improve compensation and benefits for frontline  TSA workers. I would propose that an untrained, inexperienced frontline  TSA worker is not good for our national security.   Collective bargaining adds to our national security. Unions like  those representing CBP employees would protect the rights of dedicated  TSA employees who have come to work without pay during the COVID-19  shutdowns.   If we as a society respect these workers, we will give them the right  to collectively bargain and treat them like we should; that is, a  trusted, professional workforce that protect us and our families on an  everyday basis.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   I thank my colleagues from Florida and Mississippi for this good  debate. Let me answer their question directly to the point. They talk  about priorities, national security. But this amendment only applies to  TSA employees. It doesn't apply to other Federal employees or other  members of Homeland Security.   If this amendment was really about national security, you ought to  have it apply to all Federal employees, not just TSA employees. That is  why this is a red herring.   Bottom line, again, I am going to repeat: Section 7106 of title 5  grants to administrators of these agencies the power to ``take whatever  actions may be necessary to carry out the agency mission during  emergencies.''   Bottom line, this is an antiunion amendment. It is unnecessary and  insulting to the dedicated professional employees of the Transportation  Security Administration. TSA employees should not be treated  differently from other Federal agency workers who have the right to  collectively bargain.   Those advocating for this antiunion amendment forget that for the  Border Patrol agents and the Bureau of Prisons employees who have  similar security and screening functions, they are also unionized.   TSA itself has told us many times that this bill does not create  security problems.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject this amendment, just as  my colleagues did when it was rejected in committee. I yield back the  balance of my time.   