 Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to S. 1098,  which expands the Secretary of Education's already illegitimate,  unconstitutional authority, so-called, to transfer student loan debt  from those who borrowed it to those who did not.   How egregious, once again, that we would try to force taxpayers who  did not go to college, who worked their way through college without  incurring debt, or who paid off their student loans to now have to  carry the debt for those making up to $250,000 a year, from a family  standpoint.   This is an effort to double the number of student loans where the  debt will be transferred to hardworking taxpayers. This bill allows new  authority  [[Page H7996]]  for the Secretary of Education to allow for new loans if it is in the  ``fiscal interests of the Federal Government.''   Now, that is an interesting concept. Since when does this majority  consider the fiscal impact of their decisions?   There is no limit to how many illegals they will allow to invade our  country through the southern border, and there is no limit, seemingly,  to how much money they will spend. The answer to every supposed problem  is to spend more money, irrespective of the fiscal impact.   Instead of considering the fiscal impact on the Federal Government,  by the way, which I suspect we will not do since the Federal Government  doesn't have any money, since the Federal Government is in debt for $31  trillion, which is $90,000 per citizen, how about if we consider the  fiscal impact on the taxpayers who are on the hook for that $31  trillion and will be on the hook for this new spending that is being  advocated for today?   The truth is this bill, this legislation, would add billions more to  the already terrible decisions we have made fiscally in this Congress.  The majority's response to the $31 trillion national debt that we have  already referenced most recently is to pass their inflation increase  bill. That added $800 billion more in spending, half of it for green  raw deal spending, a couple hundred billion dollars for IRS agents,  because I am sure you hear all across your district, like I do, that  the only thing we need is more IRS agents.   Then, our other response, in addition to the inflation increase act,  is to the student loan transfer fiasco, transferring debt from those  who borrowed it to those who did not. Today, we will add billions more  to that $600 billion conservative estimate on what the cost is of the  student loan transfer scheme.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to oppose this bill.   