 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from South Carolina for the  time, and, of course, I thank my friend, Mr. Phillips, for leading the  debate on this important issue.   Once again, we gather on the House floor in unity--Republicans and  Democrats--to counter Putin's behavior.   Last year, I cofounded the first Congressional Task Force for  American Hostages and Americans Wrongfully Detained Abroad with my  friend, Ted Deutch, from Florida.   I thank Representative Stevens for being one of the first members of  that task force, and that is why I rise in strong support of my friend  Haley Stevens' resolution which calls for the release of Paul Whelan  who is, in fact, unjustly imprisoned in Russia.   We have heard today in the debates some of the details of Paul's  arrest and nearly 2 years in pretrial detention with no evidence  publicly presented justifying wrongdoing.   All parts of our government, especially Members of Congress, who  directly represent the families of those held hostage or wrongfully  detained, must engage with friends and enemies alike, to ensure that  Americans in situations like Paul Whelan's are expeditiously brought  home. Further, Congress must continue to engage with the administration  in situations like these to disincentivize the wrongful detention or  hostage taking of Americans.  [[Page H4525]]    Last year, we passed a similar resolution on this floor in support of  Trevor Reed and Paul Whelan. It was, in fact, rewarding this morning to  hear that Trevor was released; but, he should have never been held, and  the exchange of prisoners should have never been necessary.   But today, Mr. Speaker, on a combined basis, Republicans and  Democrats, let us issue a message to Paul Whelan: We have not forgotten  you.   And let this message be clear that countries that engage in political  hostage taking must stop the disgraceful practice and be held  accountable.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support Representative  Stevens' resolution.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Louisiana for  yielding. And unlike my friend from Knox County, Tennessee, I have the  utmost respect for his ability to manage a Special Order with great  aplomb, style, and skill.   Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the time to talk tonight about something  that I have reflected on now for the 7 years that I have served in the  House. Over those 7 years, I have been to our southwest border 7 times,  and I am in preparation right now to go back next week.   So I rise tonight to bring attention to what is a growing crisis at  our southwest border and share the fear and the frustration that are  experienced there by those communities, their law enforcement officers,  their schools, their churches, and to reflect on the Biden  administration's just continued neglect there.   Mr. Speaker, this is shocking to us because the first order of good  governance by the executive is to protect the homeland, secure it,  protect the people. Public safety is such a critical element in each of  our communities so it makes no sense to any of us, whether we served  for a brief period of time or for decades here, that our executive  would leave our borders so open, so vulnerable.   Over the last 6 months, we have had over a million migrant encounters  at our southern border, with over 221,000 last month alone. That is a  high for the Biden administration; 221,000 encounters. As my friend who  just spoke suggested, that doesn't count the ones we don't catch, the  so-called getaways.   Mr. Speaker, this overwhelming number of migrants swarming our  southwest border, though, should come as no surprise based on the  actions of the administration. So shocked, yes, because the executive  has abandoned its primary mission. But surprise, no. And let me explain  why, Mr. Speaker.   In the earliest days of his Presidency, President Biden repealed the  Trump-era policies that discouraged illegal immigrants from flooding  our borders and kept our communities safe. And this was after a lot of  trial and error. I think Mr. Trump went through possibly three  Secretaries of Homeland Security and had a lot of frustration at this  very tough challenge.   But in President Biden's decision to do away with those Trump  policies that were ultimately working so effectively, he replaced them  with nothing. Now here again, I have to express shock--perhaps not  surprise, as this is a crisis-oriented administration--but certainly  shock because no successful manager ends a working policy and replaces  it with nothing.   If you buy a business and you want to change the HR policy, you don't  just say: Hey, starting tomorrow, there is no HR policy. I will let you  know what it is in a few months. It is nuts.   President Biden's efforts to suspend and terminate the border wall  construction are costing taxpayers between $1.8 and $2 billion because  we are still paying those contractors to build the wall that is not  being built due to contract penalties. Of course, the State of Texas  has stepped in, and perhaps they are going to take on some of that and  build it themselves using Texas' taxpayer dollars for a national/ international border.   Now, as my friend said a few minutes ago, the administration is  moving forward to end what is called title 42. Title 42 has proven to  be an effective effort at contributing to border security. And while  the Biden administration continues to use it less and less--in fact,  last month, Mr. Speaker, 50 percent of all the migrant encounters were  processed for expulsion under title 42. So it is a critical element of  both public health and public safety at the border.   President Biden proposes to have that policy end here in just a few  weeks, in the middle of May. Yet, he has proposed no policy to replace  it. Again, we can expect a surge at our border. In fact, the Customs  and Border Patrol, the executive branch agency responsible for guarding  our border, securing our border, expects that to surge to 18,000  migrant encounters per day.    Now, whoa, let's do the math because that sounds unbelievable, but  you are talking 18,000. That is a half a million people per month. We  are running right now annualized--I just reported it to you--at about 2  million encounters. And this is a half million per month; six million  people.  [[Page H4567]]    Really? We really think that is border security? We think that is an  appropriate policy for this great Nation?   It is insane. We will see the impact of this crisis throughout our  communities. And as many of my colleagues have said, every State is a  border State now as a result of this irresponsible approach.   Mr. Speaker, the truth is the Biden administration has made it clear  they have no plan, apparently, to secure our border. They certainly had  a year and a half to demonstrate that they have one, and it is the  American people that are suffering.   So in summary, what are the ramifications?   Millions coming into our country illegally without proper  documentation and without the right public health concerns.   Every State now is a border State. As reported a few minutes ago,  there were 42 people caught by CBP that are on the terrorist watch  list.   Now, let me say, I was at the Chula Vista Station years ago. And it  was common practice that people would come in, they would throw their  legal documents away--a passport, an ID of some kind--put them in the  trash, sew them in their clothing, not disclosed, and say they are from  whatever country they said they were from. And that basically creates a  new identity for them in our system.   Mr. Speaker, so if 42 people have been caught, how many have come in  that are on that terrorist watch list that have a mal-intent on our  country? Ramifications; record human trafficking. And the cartels--our  great friends in Mexico, virtually a cartel-driven border--making  $5,000, $6,000 on Venmo, or in a promise to pay for each person  trafficked, they are at millions, hundreds of millions--$400 million a  month, some estimate--of making cash off this effort.   Crime along the border is rampant, fentanyl and drugs on our streets.  We lost 100,000 people last year to an opioid overdose. The fastest  rising cause of death for young people across this country, 25 to 50  years old; 100,000 dead, double what we lost in the Vietnam war, and  fentanyl is pouring across that border.   In fact, we have interdicted--again, what we have caught--we have  interdicted enough fentanyl, this vitally poisonous drug, to kill 7.4  billion people, and this is spiraling costs to our counties and our  border States.   Mr. Speaker, there is no plan. There is no policy. There are national  security ramifications with an open border. It is irresponsible. It is  incompetent. And I call on Secretary Mayorkas to resign his job as a  failure. This administration has failed the American people and the  border.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Louisiana for his leadership.   