 Madam President, I rise today to discuss Russia's invasion  of Ukraine, and in a moment, I am going to ask unanimous consent to  pass some legislation which has been kicking around here for a while  and is way overdue.   What we have witnessed over the past 5 days is a flagrant act of  unprovoked aggression perpetrated by Russia against Ukraine.   The world we are living in today is different from the one we lived  in last week. For months, I, along with my Senate colleagues on both  sides of the aisle, have watched the conflict inch closer and closer.   The intelligence community provided accurate and clear information on  the situation, and for this, I commend them. I also commend them for  releasing the vast majority, if not all of the information they had in  an attempt to deter Putin. That didn't work. However, there is no  question, we should have taken action sooner rather than later, and it  is time to do so now in a much more aggressive fashion.   In preparation for this invasion, many of my Senate colleagues and I  drafted hard-hitting sanctions and called repeatedly for more lethal  assistance for months. We used all leverage at our disposal to pressure  the administration to take sufficient action, but despite our actions,  our efforts, it didn't happen. Certainly, some military assistance was  provided, but it is hard not to think that if we had expedited Javelin  and Stinger deliveries last year and let our allies move more equipment  sooner, the Ukrainians would be making the Russians pay a much higher  price.   Right now, Ukraine desperately needs the support of the international  community. It needs us to sanction Russia, to punish its government for  this unjustified attack. These Ukrainian heroes need more weapons,  armor, and supplies to fight back the Russian invaders and preserve the  lives of its population.   The Biden administration was well-intentioned in pursuit of a  diplomatic resolution for Russia's aggression, but the administration  was wrong to oppose our congressional efforts to impose even tougher  sanctions that were essential to make our deterrence credible.  President Biden made it clear that maximum economic sanctions would  only come after Putin invaded. The administration's promise that the  threat of sanctions would be enough to deter Putin was a mistake. Look  where we are now. Diplomacy has failed. The invasion has happened.   While sanctions have now been levied on Russia, there is still room  for more robust sanctions in order get Putin to pull back. I have  always said I am all in on all of the above when it comes to Ukraine  and Russia.   I am happy to support legislation proposed by my Democrat colleagues,  but the Senate must take the lead and mandate the massive economic  sanctions that President Biden and his officials committed to.   The NYET Act, which I introduced 2 weeks ago with numerous  cosponsors,  [[Page S857]]  contains the tough sanctions that will bring the hammer down on Putin  and his regime and provide the assistance that Ukrainians need now. It  is based on the bipartisan negotiations that took place over the last 2  months and includes many measures that have been endorsed by Members on  both sides of the aisle.   To be clear, I understand that my friends on the other side are going  to object to this; nonetheless, a good number of the things they  suggested are in this bill.   The NYET Act places sanctions on Russia's lucrative mining, mineral,  and oil and gas sectors--actions that the administration thus far has  refused to take. This needs to be done, and we haven't received an  explanation as to why they haven't done it. It punishes Russian and  Belarusian Government and military officials for their horrific actions  and will expose the full extent of Putin and his cronies on the left.   The bill sanctions 12 of the largest Russian banks and critically  also imposes secondary sanctions on them--something the administration  has yet to do. Secondary sanctions are critical to hurting the Russian  economy. They force the world's financial institutions to make a choice  between Russia and Western markets. They will choose the West. Indeed,  for their own good, they must choose the West. Russia will be isolated.   When it comes to sanctions, I want to thank Senator Toomey for  helping on that part of this bill, and he is going to talk about them  in just a minute for just a period of time.   NYET also increases the funding for military assistance to Ukraine,  as well as other Eastern European nations, to Radio Free Europe, to  Radio Liberty, the Global Engagement Center, and refills the  President's drawdown account.   It also establishes a new Ukrainian resistance fund to help Ukraine  continue to resist attempts to occupy or subjugate any new territory  Russia seizes, while sending a clear message to Putin that his military  will pay a price for advances into sovereign Ukrainian territory. Their  resistance has been nothing short of awe-inspiring; that is, the  Ukrainian people themselves. We need to help them, and this bill, the  NYET Act, will do exactly that.   I hope my colleagues across the aisle will put aside partisanship and  join us today by passing this bill, which will impose crippling  sanctions on Russia's most powerful people and which will support the  people of Ukraine. All of us are moved by the Ukrainian people and  their fight for freedom. I know my Democrat colleagues can and have  supported nearly all of these concepts at one time or another. I ask  them to join me today.   This is the most deliberative body in the world, we always say. Well,  we have overdeliberated, and it is time to act.   I yield the floor to Senator Toomey.    Madam President, in closing, let me say, Ukrainians are  dying. They are dying in a heroic fight; in a classic David versus  Goliath fight. We can do something. We should do something. We have  talked and talked; we have debated; and it is time to act.   I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Foreign Relations be  discharged from further consideration of S. 3652 and the Senate proceed  to its immediate consideration. I further ask that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, in rebuttal to my good friend's comments,  first of all, let me say that a number of the things I do take  exception with--for instance, his statement that if we pass this we are  going to somehow shatter the unanimity with which the world has come  together to impose this. Nothing could be further from the truth.   Certainly, the sanctions that we have put on have been in conjunction  with a lot of our allies and a lot of our partners. Simply putting on  secondary sanctions--again, in conjunction with our allies and our  partners--will not in any way shatter that at all.   My good friend says, ``Why are we here on the floor today?''   Senator, I would say, the reason we are on the floor today is, it is  not enough.   Now, you said I came down here to criticize the President. I did not  criticize the President in anything I said. I applaud the action he has  taken. I want him to take more.   We have a convoy that is 40 miles long that is headed for Kyiv. Now,  that convoy started out after all of these sanctions that the President  put in place had taken effect. The banks, as you know, shut down--at  least temporarily--in Russia. They closed their stock market. They have  done a number of things, but it is not enough. We need to toughen up.   As you know, I have talked and talked and talked with the  administration to try to get them to embrace secondary sanctions  because it is the secondary sanctions that are truly going  [[Page S860]]  to shut the thing down lock, stock, and barrel; and Putin is going to  have to answer to his people if we do get it shut down.   Look, this is not partisan. I am not here to try to drive a wedge in  the party. And as you know, your party had substantial input into the  NYET Act that we have here. The chairman of the committee, I think,  negotiated in good faith as we put this together. I have told him that  personally. I have said that publicly.   The fact is, we came very close to the bill, and the NYET bill is  very close to what we agreed to, but we couldn't come together on the  last few things; and that is, a permanent shutdown of Nord Stream 2-- not just the sanctions that are in place on a temporary basis, but a  permanent shutdown--and on secondary sanctions, which we believe will  be the final nail in the coffin for the economy in Russia.   So, again, I answer the question asked: Why are we here? We are here  because it is not enough. The convoys are continuing. There are tens of  thousands of more Russian soldiers that are entering Ukraine. They are  having a tough, tough time of it.   I agree with Senator Toomey. You know, you sit here, and you see what  is going on. The question you have to ask is: How long can the  Ukrainians hold out? We want them to hold out.   There are provisions in this act, as you know, that provide  additional help for the Ukrainians themselves. But most importantly,  what it will do is it will flat shut down the economy in Russia.   In addition to that, you and I discussed, I think, the fact that we  can never use sanctions in a manner where we or our allies get hurt  worse than the enemy does or, for that matter, to any great extent.  That is why there are waivers in here. And sanctions always have waiver  provisions in them so that it can take the edge off on anything that  causes us or our allies any difficulties. So in that regard, I think  that you are wrong on that.   Back to the basic bill: I said I am an all-of-the-above person. If  the Democrats want to bring their bill down, it will probably look very  much like this, but it won't have secondary sanctions in it, it won't  have a permanent closing of Nord Stream 1 and 2. I will stand up here  and say, We can do better, but I am still going to vote for your bill,  and I wish you would do that on mine. But I would respectfully request  that you back away from this complaint that this is a partisan  exercise. It is not a partisan exercise.    There isn't a person in this body that doesn't want to do all we can  possibly do to preserve the lives of the Ukrainians that are perishing  every day--women, children, civilians. We need to do all that we can,  and Putin is not going to be deterred until we do all that we can, and  that comes to permanently shutting down--excuse me, to completely  shutting down the economy in Russia. This bill does that.   Again, I apologize if you think there is anything political about  this. It is not. It is trying to do the right thing, as you and I have  talked about. We have an obligation to do this as Americans, as the  strongest country in the world. We can't stand by and watch this  slaughter that is happening, and when that convoy gets there, it is  going to be even worse.   This is something we can actually do to do more than what the  President has done.   And I will say it--I said it before and I will say it again. I  commend the President for what he has done. But we also, as the first  branch of government, have a responsibility. We believe this bill  exercises that responsibility.   