 Person Speaker, and I say ``Person Speaker''  because I am not a biologist. And out of respect to our Supreme Court  nominee, I don't feel qualified to say Madam Speaker.   But I do rise in opposition to this bill. The Affordable Insulin Now  Act is just more of government controlling your healthcare.   Today, Democrats are using insulin as the gateway to their dream of  fully socialized medicine where Joe Biden and his accomplices in  Congress have more control over your healthcare than you or your  doctor. After all, they got to decide whether or not you got a vaccine,  and they fired you if you didn't obey.   If Democrats succeed in setting the price of insulin at $35, the  negative effects will ripple across the entire healthcare market.   I invite my Democrat colleagues to read my sophomore economics  textbook to confirm what happens when you implement price controls.   It is estimated the average annual cost for the private sector of  compliance with this mandate is $2 billion. Not that Democrats care  about billions of dollars, the way they throw around trillions of  dollars. Don't tell them what comes after a trillion.   But we all remember the lies of ObamaCare. Please, say it with me. If  you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. Come on. This is  participatory. If you like your healthcare plan, you can keep your  healthcare plan. As a matter of fact, costs are going to go down. None  of that was true.   And, instead, American families found themselves with plans they  didn't like, but at least they cost more, so it was a lose-lose.   Premiums will rise again if this bill becomes law because setting  prices, again, has consequences, something our economically illiterate  Democrat friends apparently don't understand, or maybe they do.   American innovation has brought amazing, lifesaving treatments to the  healthcare market, but that research and development comes at a cost,  like any other good or product or service in this country.   Don't we all want the best drugs, the best medicine, and the best  healthcare? Instead of going with the Democrat default government- knows-best, one-size-fits-all mentality, we need to embrace free market  principles.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas.  We don't have a finer patriot and a more courageous warrior for freedom  in the Congress, and I appreciate his leadership on this and so many  issues. I appreciate him leading this discussion here on the floor  tonight.   Never in the history of the country has our own President done more  to intentionally harm the country than this President has done in his  first year in Congress. Never in the history of the country has a  President done more to harm the United States than this President has  done willfully and intentionally than what he has done with the border  in his first year.   We are averaging 7,000 illegals across the border a day right now.  The administration is admitting that. They are allowing 7,000 illegals  across the border a day. I had a constituent say to me on the phone  just 2 days ago: Nothing this administration is doing makes sense  unless they hate the country. Nothing that this administration is doing  makes sense unless they hate the country.   Whether you are talking about the crime crisis, the inflation crisis,  our diminished standing on the national stage, the spending crisis, the  energy crisis, what we are doing to American energy and making us  depend on foreign nations who hate us. I think at the top of that list  is what we are doing at the border.   When I ran for the first time 2 years ago I identified the greatest  threats to the country. I believe those threats are our education  system, indoctrination of our kids K to 12 and college campuses, our  runaway radical spending that is bankrupting our future, and then our  immigration and border situation. Nothing has changed my mind to that  effect in my first year here.   Mr. Speaker, I have been to the border four times and I am well-aware  that Virginia's Fifth District is not geographically physically located  at the border. We just had an MS-13 gang member convicted of murder in  my hometown of Lynchburg, Virginia, who illegally came across the  border. This President's policies are making every town a border town,  every State a border State.   Everything and everyone that comes across that border comes under the  control of the Mexican crime cartels. It has threatened the security of  our Nation. It is an economic security issue. It is a health security  issue. It certainly is a national security issue.    The projection that I am seeing with the ending of Title 42--the  egregious attempt to end Title 42--the projections I am seeing is it  will take it from 7,000 a day to 18,000 a day. That is 7,000 a day to  18,000 a day, perhaps even tripling what has already happened. We had 2  million crossings a year ago. Extrapolate that out for 4 years.   Are we going to allow this President to have 8 million come across at  the current pace? My most recent trip to the border that my friend from  Texas was mentioning was to Del Rio, Texas. He led a trip to Del Rio,  Texas. You might remember, that is where we had Bidentown just a few  weeks ago with 20,000 Haitian migrants assembled under the bridge there  in Bidentown in Del Rio, Texas.  [[Page H4068]]    While we don't have that still today because they distributed those  migrants--those illegals--into the interior of the country, which they  are doing all the time, by the way. Flying and bussing illegal aliens  in the dark of night wherever they want to go throughout the country  with no requirement of a court date to appear. It is a pinky promise  that we will get back with you in the future and give you a date to  appear.   While we don't have 20,000 in Bidentown under the bridge right now in  Del Rio, Texas, right through that corridor, Border Patrol and the  ranchers and the sheriffs that were there told us it is 1,000 a day  through there. So every 3 weeks you got a repeat of what we saw with  Bidentown just a few weeks ago in Del Rio, Texas.   Does this administration care? Every resource they have committed or  directed to that border has been to facilitate--to willfully, purposely  facilitate--more illegals crossing into our country and to hide it from  the American people.   There has been no effort by this administration in this President's  first year to stem it, to stop it, instead, they try to facilitate and  hide it from the American people. Now they want to make it worse, two  or three times worse with what they are doing with Title 42.    Absolutely.    That is right.    Yes, but they are turnarounds coming right  back.    Since 2019 when that was instated, right?    That is right.    Absolutely.    There are 160 different countries.    The got-aways.    These aren't the ones dressed head to toe in  camo with the carpet shoes on who are evading capture, are they?    How about that.    How many Democrat Members have we got from  Texas?    That would get us past 218, wouldn't it, 13  plus 8, 208?    Absolutely. You mentioned Secretary Mayorkas.  He has said the border is secure. The border is secure he has said,  when as you know we have lost operational control of our border.   The Mexican crime cartels are making hundreds of millions of dollars  a month off sex trafficking, drug trafficking, child trafficking, human  trafficking, you name it. Everyone and everything that comes across  that border comes under the control of the Mexican crime cartel.   There is no humane component to it. They are finding dead bodies at  the border of people who were trying--they starved or they got  dehydrated or they just couldn't make the journey or something happened  to them on the way. And you talk about Remain in Mexico policy, instead  of Remain in Mexico policy, the MPP, that was in place under the Trump  administration. We have got the United Nations using our own resources  that we pay the United Nations to help illegals cheat our asylum  system. So the United Nations is taking resources that the United  States is giving to them to use to train illegals on how to cheat our  asylum system and how to gain access into our country by claiming  asylum.   Then the Democratic Party 20 years ago passed a law that prohibits  the requirement of proof of citizenship to vote. Now, of course, they  don't want any ID in order to vote, and you have got the President  promising amnesty to anybody who is here illegally.   Do you think there is incentive to cheat our voting system and to  vote illegally when there is no requirement of proof of citizenship,  there is no ID to vote, and you have got the promise of amnesty?   We have essentially got illegals with a license to vote here in this  country right now, and here we want to continue to ramp it up, to take  it from 7,000 a day to an estimate of maybe 18,000 a day by eliminating  Title 42.    Yes.    The number one killer of Americans between the  age of 18 and 45 last year was drug overdoses. And yet we are allowing  the most dangerous drugs, fentanyl and other dangerous drugs, to stream  across the border.   The only way you get across the border, the Mexican border, into the  United States is to pay the Mexican crime cartels. Border Patrol and  the local sheriffs will tell you: If you try to cross apart from the  cartels, they will kill you. You come either beholden to them,  essentially an indentured servant, with pledge of your family back  [[Page H4070]]  home if you don't have the cash up front--they will kill your family if  you don't pay--or you work it off. You work it off by trafficking drugs  across or trafficking children or trafficking women across the border.  There is nothing compassionate about that.   