 Madam Speaker, H.R. 7309, the Workforce Innovation and  Opportunity Act of 2022, makes significant improvements to WIOA, the  law that is the backbone of our nation's workforce development system.  Since 2014, WIOA has provided training and career services to help  working people across the country get the skills they need and help  employers secure a qualified workforce.   H.R. 7309 also includes legislation I authored that extends three  crucial workforce development programs to the Marianas: the Wagner- Peyser grant, the Integrated English Literacy and Civic Education  grant, and the Job Corps program. Under my Employment Services and Jobs  Parity Act, the annual $300,000 Wagner-Peyser grant would provide skill  assessment, career guidance, and referrals to training to job seekers  in the Marianas. The legislation additionally allows the Commonwealth  government to apply for Employment Service formula grants, at the same  percentage share as Guam, to set up One-Stop Career Centers that can  help workers find jobs and employers find workers. Under my Integrated  English Literacy and Civic Education Nationwide Act, English language  learners would acquire the proficiency needed to obtain employment. And  under my Job Corps Nationwide Act, Job Corps centers can be established  in all insular areas. This means our young people would not have to  leave the Marianas to get necessary training and local business would  benefit from a skilled workforce connected to our community and  committed to remaining. All my bills support the overall goal of H.R.  7309: to help job seekers nationwide access quality employment,  education training, and support services.   By reauthorizing and strengthening WIOA's programs, H.R. 7309 will  help Americans get back to work. In addition to my provisions, the  legislation expands summer and year-round jobs programs for youth,  codifies partnerships between employers and community colleges, and  provides funding for innovative approaches to workforce development.   At a time when the COVID-19 pandemic has diminished the resources  necessary to train new workers, the improvements to WIOA under H.R.  7309 will continue to develop the workforce pipeline and expand access  to services for the people who need them the most.   I urge my colleagues to support the Workforce Innovation and  Opportunity Act of 2022.   