 Mr. President, last week, President Putin of Russia  ordered 100,000 to 200,000 Russians across Ukraine's border. Air raid  sirens rang out. Bombs rained down. Russia declared war on Ukraine--the  first war in Europe since 1945.   Putin's terror is hard to watch. We have all seen it on television in  realtime, but it is important we not look away. Amid it all, we are  seeing examples of heroism and hearing stories of strength.   Early in the fight, Russian warships called for Ukrainians to lay  down their weapons on the small Snake Island. Ukrainian fighters  answered with a bold response that has reverberated as a sort of  drumbeat of defiance across the country. Since then, we have seen  Ukrainians embody determination in the face of desperation--all in the  name of freedom and love for their country. A Ukrainian marine  sacrificed himself to blow up a bridge near Kyiv so that Russian tanks  could not cross.   All the while, President Zelenskyy of Ukraine has stayed. He has not  abandoned his country, even though he knows Putin's goal is to topple  the Ukrainian Government--all this while knowing that President Putin  of Russia has sent over assassins to eliminate him. He planted his feet  and squared his shoulders for the fight and is rallying his fellow  countrymen to do the same.   Ukrainian citizens are following suit, showing true bravery in the  face of madness. As the Ukrainian Government began to hand out weapons,  thousands and thousands lined up to receive them, men and women.  Volunteers, ordinary citizens, are adding to the resistance. They are  men and women, young and old, coming from all backgrounds and walks of  life--all to defend freedom and democracy in their country.   It is clear Mr. Putin underestimated the Ukrainians' will to fight.  While Ukrainians are handing Russia a tough fight, we know there will  be hard days ahead. Mr. Putin's rationale for invading was the  ``demilitarization and de-Nazification of Ukraine,'' arguing that, if  Ukraine joined NATO, the West would have an excuse to invade Russia.  That is paranoia. That is delusion. That doesn't sound like a strong  leader. It sounds like a weak leader. Putin was betting that NATO would  fold and that countries would turn against one another. If anything,  Mr. Putin's bullying has strengthened NATO.   Last week, Germany halted the Nord Stream 2 Pipeline, and now, in a  somewhat surprising about-face, Germany is agreeing to send weapons to  Ukraine. This not only frees up other countries to follow suit, but it  also reverses their historic policy of never sending weapons to a  conflict zone.   Over the weekend, the United States joined with the European  Commission and Canada, France, the United Kingdom, Italy, and Germany  to ban select Russian banks from SWIFT. By limiting access to this  international payment system, we move closer to the goal of further  isolating Russia. Additionally, the group leveled sanctions on Russia's  central bank--paralyzing assets and freezing transactions. At least 26  NATO countries have either independently issued sanctions or have  joined the EU sanctions.   Since the invasion, the United States has not only imposed economic  and financial sanctions, but we also authorized $350 million in new  military aid to Ukraine, including anti-tank and air defense  capabilities, and the State Department has sent millions in  humanitarian aid. We are now seeing an inflection point for other  countries--a time for choosing. Countries like Sweden, Finland, and  Kosovo are all voicing a desire to join NATO. They are choosing to  align with the West.   So, in a moment of apparent frustration over the past few days, Putin  ordered his Russian nuclear deterrent forces to be put on high alert in  response to what he calls ``aggressive statements'' from NATO leaders  and the West's financial sanctions.   But I ask this question: Why? Why were all of these sanctions not  presented 6 months ago to possibly deter this aggression and save tens  of thousands of lives?   We were late.   As it currently stands, this is not a fight for American troops, but  if a NATO country is threatened, we will and do need to act. Facts  could change; therefore, policies have to change, which is why we need  to continue to impose harsh financial sanctions and project strength  during this very ugly situation.   Another step we must take is to regain energy independence. We import  nearly 600,000 barrels of oil a day from Russia. The Keystone Pipeline  would have provided us 800,000 barrels per day.   Ahead of the invasion, President Biden admitted ``defending freedom  will have costs for us at home here as well.'' The irony is that  Americans aren't just now feeling the economic strain as we begin to  ``defend freedom'' through sanctions on Russia. Gas prices began to  soar long before Mr. Putin waged war in Ukraine. It started with the  President's first day in office when he blocked the Keystone Pipeline  and undercut our Nation's energy independence. Russia ramped up  aggression against Ukraine at the same time as the administration was  canceling 80 million acres of oil and gas leases. Green policies here  at home have pushed us to seek energy abroad, and our country is paying  a huge and hefty price.   President Biden has again admitted that we might need to dip into our  oil reserves, but why not dig into the oil reserves--dig our own oil?   This is no time to be a purist and think others can bail us out. The  United States of America is an energy-rich nation, but we must have  smart policies in place to use them.   This is an economic and a national security issue. You cannot have a  strong economy without low energy costs, and ridding ourselves of our  reliance on Russian energy is a matter of national security. What  happens in Ukraine matters, but so, too, do our actions here at home.    So as our country prepares to hear from President Biden tonight on  the state of our Union, I urge the President to project a strong path  forward, to  [[Page S870]]  double down on investments in our military, and to put forth policies  to ensure we regain our energy independence.   If the state of our Union here at home is strong, it will only serve  to strengthen our standing abroad.   I yield the floor.   