 Madam President, as our Nation continues to  battle against COVID-19, we know that the best way forward for  defeating this virus is making sure Americans have adequate prevention  and treatment options against this terrible illness.   While I understand that we are still learning about COVID-19 every  day, I share the frustrations of public health leaders and the American  people at the Federal Government's lack of proactive leadership in  fighting this virus. Even with a vaccine developed under the previous  administration, President Biden has not been able to slow COVID-19's  spread.   The Federal Government's most important role during a public health  crisis is to provide accurate information to the American people.  Unfortunately, over the past year, there has been mixed messaging,  cruel and unfair finger-pointing, baseless censorship, and a striking  lack of effort put into comprehensive public health education efforts.   You should be able to get a test, period, but many Americans have  been frustrated at the lack of at-home tests as the virus has continued  to spread under President Biden. However, as we seek to ensure the  health and well-being of American families, we must do so while using  taxpayer dollars responsibly.   It is imperative that the Federal Government do everything in its  power to complete our public health mission in a manner that  prioritizes support for domestic manufacturing. That is why, as soon as  I learned about the administration's intent to purchase 500 million at- home COVID-19 rapid tests for the public earlier this year, I wrote to  the HHS Secretary and urged him to prioritize the purchase of American- made COVID tests and prohibit the purchase of tests made in communist  China.   We know that at least two FDA-authorized at-home COVID-19 antigen  tests are manufactured in communist China and imported into the United  States. The last thing the American tax dollars should go towards is  funding a country that is guilty of starting the pandemic, covering up  and lying about the origins of COVID-19, committing genocide again  millions of Uighurs, destroying democracy in Hong Kong, persecuting  Tibetans, harassing and threatening Taiwan, stealing American  technology and research, and engaging in illegal and unfair trade  practices.   Giving communist China taxpayer money would be a complete abuse of  the public trust. Sadly, although unsurprisingly, that is exactly what  the Biden administration has done in its decision to funnel $1.28  billion to Andon Health, a Chinese company. That is right--instead of  supporting American manufacturing and exclusively ordering American- made tests, the Biden administration is handing nearly $1.3 billion of  taxpayer funds to a company in communist China. This isn't a secret; it  was widely reported by Reuters last month.   I am sure we all remember Biden's promise to ``Buy American.'' It is  a commitment I and many of my colleagues in the Senate applauded. But,  like so many promises made by this President, it has been broken.   That is why I introduced the No Taxpayer Dollars for Communist China  COVID Tests Act--a bill to right the wrongs of the Biden administration  and prohibit buying or importing COVID-19 tests made in communist China  with U.S. tax dollars. I would like to thank Senator Roger Marshall for  cosponsoring this bill.   We need this legislation because President Biden has announced that  the government will be purchasing 500 million more at-home tests, and  just last week, the Department of Defense announced it was buying more  than 100 million tests from Andon Health to achieve Biden's goal. That  is more money for communist China's economy and less investment in our  own economy.   The Federal Government has a responsibility to support American  manufacturers, especially as our economy recovers from COVID-19. We  cannot turn a blind eye to the fact that it was the Chinese Communist  Party that lied about this deadly virus, tried to hide it, and has  continuously covered up the origins of COVID-19. We know that every  dollar spent on COVID-19 tests manufactured in communist China goes  directly to supporting General Secretary Xi and his genocidal regime.    People in this town think taxpayer money is free money to use as they  want. They forget that for every dollar collected, there is a hard- working American who earned that money by the sweat of their brow. We  have a duty and obligation to ensure that we spend that money wisely.   Thankfully, we won't lose anything or experience shortages by not  giving these contracts to Chinese companies. It means HHS will have to  work harder to get good, responsible contracts. But the Biden  administration's willingness to fund the communist Chinese economy  instead of the American economy is an absolute disgrace. It is another  example of Joe Biden's willingness to appease dictators and forsake  democracy, freedom, and human rights.   So, with many of these tests already repurchased and the Biden  administration planning to spend billions more taxpayers dollars, it is  important that Congress act on this immediately, which is why I will be  asking to pass this good and commonsense bill today.   As if in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of S. 3565, which is at the  desk; further, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read  a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.    First off, if my colleague actually wanted to  help American families, he would do whatever he could to get American  families jobs.   I can't understand why my colleague would object to this bill. When  did the Democrats decide that they no longer care about the oversight  authority of Congress?   My colleague never said that HHS couldn't find American manufacturers  for these tests. He didn't go back and check to see if they did. It  seems like every one of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle is  just another member of the Biden administration focused on covering up  for Joe Biden and his appeasement of General Secretary Xi.   I am actually trying to support American jobs and American families  so they can support themselves.   I want to support American manufacturers and the American supply  chain. The Biden administration is actively choosing to support the  communist Chinese regime and their economy instead. This is what he was  elected to do, and this is the last thing American families want to see  their tax dollars go for.   As stewards of taxpayer dollars, it is our duty to make sure we are  doing everything we can to support the American economy, not the  communist Chinese economy, especially following the pandemic and during  this time of record-high inflation.   So I think objecting to this bill is a choice just to appease  communist China, and it is dearly disappointing that we couldn't pass  this good, commonsense bill today.    Reserving the right to object, look, I get it.  I understand why my colleague is anxious. He has got to distract from  the bill I came here to pass today. Democrats have shown again and  again that they will do anything to cover up for Joe Biden and his weak  appeasement of communist China. From the start of the COVID-19  pandemic, my focus has been on providing targeted help to families who  truly need it. That is where my focus remains.  [[Page S484]]    My colleague is well aware that this program that he is talking about  is actively being debated, and there are concerns on both sides of the  aisle. Just one of the many issues being discussed in the program is  the program's lack of work requirements and insufficient means testing.  It would be irresponsible to cut those discussions short and pass a  measure that does not have the unanimous support of the Senate tonight.  Therefore, I object.   