 Mr. President, I may be one of the Senate's newest  Members, but that does not mean I don't understand the importance of  the filibuster to this body or to this Nation as a whole.   Like Senators before me, I have observed the practice from the other  side of the Capitol as a Member of the House and have heard the calls  from a frustrated majority to eliminate it for the sake of jamming  through an agenda and cashing in the political gain that would come  from doing so.   But anyone who has an appreciation for our founding knows the purpose  of the filibuster is indeed to frustrate the majority, to serve as an  additional check in our government, and drive consensus and  cooperation. Its purpose is to protect the rights of the minority and  prevent the tyranny of the majority--in short, to save us from  ourselves.   The Senators supporting the majority leader's effort to eliminate the  60-vote threshold seemed to once understand this too. Just a few years  ago, 25 of them cosigned a letter opposing ``any effort to curtail the  existing rights and prerogatives of Senators to engage in full, robust,  and extended debate.''   Sadly, we are now witnessing the most blatant hypocritical policy  switch we have ever seen, as many current Democrat Senators and the  President have abandoned these principles.   This flip-flop appears to be all in the name of greed and power. They  want to break the filibuster so they can break other institutions, such  as the Supreme Court and State-run elections, to rig our political  system in their favor because they can't win on their own radical  socialist policies.   Without the filibuster, we will see tax laws, immigration rules, and  more major policy go up and down like a roller coaster, negatively  impacting our economy, creating uncertainty, and making it impossible  for long-term business planning.   The filibuster is meant to force both parties to work together to  come up with long-lasting policies which will help all Americans.   Take, for example, voting legislation. I want to make it easier to  vote and harder to cheat--easier to vote, harder to cheat. With Nancy  Pelosi's power grab act and other radical election proposals, the  Democrats want to let the Federal Government take over our elections,  which is unconstitutional, make it easier to commit fraud, pave the way  for mass ballot harvesting, let felons vote, take integrity out of the  elections process by prohibiting voter ID--something I am proud to say  Kansas requires, voter identification, and it is working--and, finally,  route taxpayer dollars toward funding political candidates they may not  agree with.   I hope that Members of this body can come together, in a bipartisan  way, to tackle the important issue of election integrity without  destroying the 60-vote threshold in the Senate.   We have shown, in recent weeks, we can work together in a bipartisan  fashion. The Senate voted 88 to 11 to pass the annual Defense  authorization bill in December. The HELP Committee is currently working  through a bipartisan bill to help tackle future pandemics. We can still  tackle major issues in the Senate without abandoning our principles.   The right to extended debate for Members of this body has been  preserved for two centuries, longer than the constitutional method of  electing Senators via their home State legislature, which was ended  when the 17th Amendment was ratified.   It is a dark day that Senators are being forced to come to the Senate  floor to defend the 60-vote threshold. It would be one of the body's  darkest days if 51 Senators changed the rules and removed our rights to  robust debate and the right of our home States to have equal  representation in this most distinguished legislative body. And it will  come back to haunt them.   The answer to these partisan times is not to double down on  partisanship and blow up the filibuster. I pray cooler and wiser heads  will prevail, and we will maintain this important function of the  Senate. Otherwise, our Nation is destined to become a winner-takes-all  system, where the rights of the minority will never again be  considered, and our Nation will suffer for it.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  following interns from my office be granted floor privileges for the  remainder of the Congress: Francis Prosser, Jared Sackett, Emily Irsik,  and Tel Wittmer.   