 Madam President, reserving the right to object, I want to  be clear about what this unanimous consent request is about and what it  attempts to do. It is an attempt not to vote, to not have the vote on  Lisa Cook, the nominee. I have to say it is a reminder of how short  memories are around here.   The irony of this situation we find ourselves in is that the vacancy  on the Federal Reserve Board is only a vacancy because, when  Republicans had COVID absences, our Democratic colleagues would not  extend the courtesy of rescheduling the vote to confirm Judy Shelton.  Instead, the vote failed, and she was not confirmed. Then, lo and  behold, we have this vacancy that has been proposed to be filled by  Lisa Cook.   I should also point out how persistently we tried in good faith and  on multiple occasions to process Fed noms throughout this entire year.  We could have confirmed Chairman Powell in January. We could have  processed four out of five of the Fed noms in the Banking Committee  very quickly, including Ms. Cook, but our Democratic colleagues refused  to allow us to process those four out of five because we did not want  to process Sarah Raskin.   Now, Ms. Raskin ended up having to withdraw because there was  bipartisan opposition to the radical views that she had espoused that  the regulatory apparatus of the Fed ought to be used to allocate  capital throughout our economy. Fortunately, there was bipartisan  opposition to this idea.   Now it appears--and I guess it is the logic of my colleagues--that we  can proceed as long as we are confirming everyone but Chairman Powell  first. I don't understand why that has to be, but they filed cloture  before the Easter break, on Professor Cook, and now they find  themselves in this awkward position.   Here is what it boils down to. It is very simple. I want to vote on  all of the noms. Republicans are ready to vote on all of the noms. Our  Democratic colleagues have complained about not having votes. We want  to vote. We want to vote on Lisa Cook. We want to vote on Chairman  Powell. We want to vote on Mr. Jefferson.   We are ready to vote, not to cancel a vote, so I object.    Mr. President, the chairman of the Banking Committee  spoke before this vote and made the point that he wants to have a vote  on all three Fed noms. I want to have a vote on all of the three Fed  noms who have been under consideration and in the exchanges today.  Republicans want to vote on all three.   We just voted on one of the three our Democratic colleagues had filed  cloture on. The cloture ripened--it came due--and we had the vote. So  the obvious thing to do here is to set up votes on the other two. The  other two are Chairman Powell, who is currently the Chairman and has  been nominated by President Biden to another term as Chairman, and  Philip Jefferson, who has also been nominated by President Biden. I  think he would be the second African-American man in, maybe, the  history of the Fed. I am not positive of that, but I think so.   It makes a lot of sense to go with both of them because there is  overwhelming support for them. In fact, in the committee, Chairman  Powell, I think, was reported out successfully. I think there was only  one vote in opposition to Chairman Powell. He was overwhelmingly  supported in the committee, and I think, very likely, overwhelmingly  would be supported on the floor. Mr. Jefferson was unanimously reported  out of the committee. In other words, every single Republican and  Democrat on the Banking Committee supported Philip Jefferson, and I am  pretty sure still does, as I do.   My point is, I think we ought to go ahead and set up the votes. We  don't have to have the votes right this minute, but we should set them  up, and we should do it soon. So I have a unanimous consent request  which is identical to the unanimous consent request that was just  proposed by our chairman but for the reference to Lisa Cook. Since we  just had that vote, obviously, it doesn't make sense to include her in  the unanimous consent request.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at a time to be  determined by the majority leader, following consultation with the  Republican leader, prior to April 29, 2022, the Senate proceed to  executive session to consider the following nominations: Calendar No.  807, Jerome H. Powell, and Calendar No. 809, Philip Nathan Jefferson;  that there be 60 minutes for debate, equally divided in the usual form,  on each nomination; that upon the use or yielding back of time, the  Senate proceed to vote, without intervening action or debate, on the  nominations in the order listed; that the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or  debate; that no further motions be in order; that any related  statements be printed in the Record; that the President be immediately  notified of the Senate's action; and that the Senate then resume  legislative session.     Mr. President, I have to say it is sad and shameful to  hear the chairman suggest, which he has done repeatedly now, including  on the Senate floor, that there is some kind of racial bias against  Black women that is a motivation for Republicans.   I would like to point out, for the record, the fact that on the  Senate Banking Committee, every single Republican Senator has voted in  favor of confirming five different Black women to different posts in  just this Congress, President Biden's nominees who are Black women, and  they include Cecilia Rouse, Nuria Fernandez, Adrianne Todman, Alexia  Latortue, and Alanna McCargo. And yet we hear this preposterous notion  that somehow the race of the candidate is what is going on here.   The fact is, we have a difference of opinion about what qualifies a  person to serve on the Fed. And it is not some tiny, obscure minority  that is concerned about Lisa Cook's qualifications to be fighting  inflation when she refused to articulate any plan for dealing with  inflation; it was the majority of the Senate who just voted. We just  had the vote.   I should also point out that what is the difference here? The  difference is, we want to vote, and you just heard the chairman block a  vote on President Biden's nominee to Chair the Fed, Jerome Powell, and  Professor Philip Jefferson. The chairman doesn't want votes on either  of them, apparently, and certainly not on both of them; he just  objected.   I would remind everyone that for months now, we have been trying to  process the Fed nominees, and our Democratic colleagues refused. What  we said was, there are five nominees. Only one of them we are going to  object to processing. The reason was because of her radical views about  using the supervisory powers of the Fed to allocate capital throughout  the economy. That was a pretty radical idea. And guess what? The  majority of the Senate agreed with us, and so she withdrew her  candidacy.   We had offered for months now to process the other four. Earlier  today, we were willing to do all three, but I think the record should  show our Democratic colleagues refuse to allow us to have a vote today  or tomorrow or this week--that is what we asked for; we used the exact  same language the chairman had used earlier--on the Chairman of the  Federal Reserve and Professor Philip Jefferson.   I yield the floor.   