 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of this rule,  which includes the resolution I introduced to provide House staff legal  protection to organize and bargain collectively.   First, a big thank you to Speaker Pelosi, Majority Leader Hoyer, Whip  Clyburn, and committee chairs Lofgren and Scott for working with me to  get this legislation across the finish line and a big thank you to the  majority of Democrats for cosponsoring this resolution.   It feels surreal, and also completely right, to be here at this  critical moment. I have spent much of my career helping workers form  unions and bargain collectively. The power of workers to unite and  demand fair wages, better benefits, and safer working conditions was  central to the creation of the American middle class, and it is  essential right now for working families simply trying to get by.   That is why I was humbled when congressional staffers approached me  earlier this year and asked me to introduce a resolution that would  grant them a fundamental human right, the right to organize and bargain  collectively without fear of retaliation.   For months now, our workers have been organizing in the shadows,  because they lack the legal protections to come forward. It should not  and does not have to be this way for workers seeking to exercise their  First Amendment right to freedom of association, especially here in the  Halls of Congress.   I fervently believe that all workers deserve the chance to have a  union and to be protected in pursuing one. This resolution approves  regulations originally proposed in 1996, 26 years ago. Those  regulations provide guidance for how legislative branch employees can  exercise their statutory right to form or join labor organizations, as  Congress expressly intended.    I can say without a doubt that here in the people's House, we could  not serve our districts without the hard work and dedication of  congressional staff. They manage our schedules, advise on policy,  engage with constituents, and do so much more essential work with  humility, with grit, and often with little to no recognition.   These same workers have endured trauma while providing public  service, working through a global pandemic that has killed a million  people in this country, and experiencing an assault on our very  workplace on January 6, 2021.   The very least we can do is honor and respect their effort to  organize in Congress, giving them the long-overdue right to find their  collective voice. This resolution will protect bargaining over working  conditions, wages, just-cause provisions, and more. We have heard  loudly and clearly over the past few months: Congressional staffers  want a union. Let's not make them wait a second longer.   I urge my colleagues to vote ``yes'' on the rule.   