 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, today, I have the distinct honor of  recognizing John ``Big John'' Quintrell of Helena, MT, for bravely  serving our Nation during the Vietnam war and for his dedication to  supporting the heroes who fought alongside him.   John served honorably in Vietnam from 1968 to 1969 with the  Wolfhounds. I understand there are some Wolfhounds watching tonight.  The Wolfhounds are the 2nd Battalion, 27th Infantry Regiment, 25th  Infantry Division. And he received honors, including the Bronze Star  with Valor and the Purple Heart.   Upon returning home, John was met with hostility and was shamed for  his sacrifice in Vietnam by his fellow Americans. For the next 35  years, John, like so many of our veterans, kept that pain to himself.   In 2004, John opened a box--a box filled with items that brought back  memories of Vietnam--and he was inspired to host a reunion for his  fellow Vietnam veterans.   For the very first time in over 35 years, these men were reunited.  John's reunion gave these often-forgotten heroes a sense of peace, a  sense of acceptance, friendship, and healing. And following that  successful reunion, John and the other Wolfhounds were on a mission to  find others who served beside them.   And since 2004, John has connected with over 125 Wolfhounds, and many  have attended 1 of the 9 reunions John planned. After hearing John's  story, his children and grandchildren worked to keep these reunions  going and the legacy alive.   John's support for his fellow Wolfhounds extends far beyond the  reunions he planned. In 2018, John decided to document the stories of  the Wolfhounds and their time in Vietnam. To date, John has conducted  over 90--90--video interviews, and because of John's work, future  generations will have the opportunity to hear their relatives'  firsthand account of service in Vietnam.   John decided to share his own story by publishing a book entitled  ``My 365 Days With the Wolfhounds in Vietnam,'' and he did that in  2021.   John's honest account of his experience in the Vietnam war has given  countless veterans and their family members a sense of understanding,  as well as healing. After years of suppressing memories of his time in  Vietnam, John now shares his story. He shares his story with others and  encourages them to share their own experience and find their own path  to healing.   A big thanks to John's passion, and because of his dedication in  supporting his fellow veterans, many soldiers are once again proud of  their sacrifice to our great Nation. You see, John epitomizes the heart  of a Montana veteran, whose selfless service has reached far beyond the  battlefield. So I want to thank John. I want to thank John for his  service to our great country and for the kindness he has shown to the  heroes who served alongside him.   John, keep up the great work because you make Montana proud, and you  make America proud.   