 I commend the Senator from Indiana and join him and my  other colleagues in decrying the legislation that we will be asked to  move to the floor tomorrow. But before I speak on the substance of the  bill, it needs to be reiterated why this bill is even before us.   The only reason we are debating this bill today is because of the  extreme and unprecedented breach of protocol that took place at the  Supreme Court. The leaked draft in the Dobbs case was a full-blown  assault on the U.S. Supreme Court and on the independence of our  judiciary. It was an attempt to incite mob pressure against the  Justices, which has, in part, succeeded by inciting pressure against  the Justices in an attempt to bully them into changing their final  votes.   And I do trust, based on the information that we have about the nine  Justices, that that attempt will not be successful.   We saw over the weekend disturbing videos of protesters outside the  homes of Supreme Court Justices. There is growing concern for the  safety of our Supreme Court Justices and the safety of their families.   This is shameful. A Supreme Court Justice should never have to fear  for his or her safety or the safety of their families for doing their  jobs. We, as elected Members of the Congress, are subject to public  opinion. The Supreme Court is not supposed to be subject to public  opinion and should never have to fear for their safety.   The leak and the mob reaction should be condemned by both parties in  the strongest possible terms, and yet there have been very few voices  on the other side of the aisle addressing this matter. Certainly, the  majority leader of the Senate has not said a word about the outrage of  the leak or the mob protests, nor has the President of the United  States.   What happened to respect and care for our institutions?   Instead of protecting the Court, our Democratic friends seem to be,  whether inadvertently or not, legitimizing this attack on the Court by  moving to consider extreme legislation which is out of touch with the  mainstream of Americans.   So now let me speak briefly about the legislation. It has been said  that  [[Page S2401]]  this is a mere codification of the Court's holding in Roe v. Wade. That  is, in fact, not the case. Instead, the bill that we will be asked to  move to the floor tomorrow is an attempt to expand abortion  dramatically across this country, to expand abortion in a way that only  a small handful of the most repressive governments on the face of the  Earth permit.   The bill would eliminate even the most modest protections for unborn  children across all 50 States. It would force all 50 States to allow  gruesome late-term abortions that even the political left all over  Europe have long ago outlawed.   As my friend from Indiana said earlier, some 47 European countries  generally ban abortion after the first 15 weeks. Banning abortion after  14 weeks are our allies of France and Spain; banning abortion after 13  weeks, Finland; banning abortion after 12 weeks, Germany, Belgium,  Italy, Switzerland--certainly not governments that are thought of as  prisoners of the extreme right. The nation of Portugal generally bans  abortion after 10 weeks.   Of course, as we know, the Mississippi law that brought this case to  the Supreme Court, the Dobbs case, has a slightly more permissive  provision than even these friends that I just mentioned from Western  Europe. It would be a 15-week ban.   But this bill that we are asked to vote on tomorrow, which certainly  will fail, would push America further outside of the global mainstream  than we already are--and we already are way outside this mainstream.   Because of scientific advances, we know that an unborn child's  heartbeat begins at 6 weeks. We know a child can feel pain as early as  20 weeks. Many of us, including my wife and I, have put the sonograms  of our grandchildren, have displayed them on our refrigerators in our  homes. What we know about the development of children--their faces,  their eyelashes--has brought about a change in the minds of many  Americans.   In 1996, 56 percent of Americans called themselves pro-choice. Only  33 percent said they were pro-life. But because of science and because  of those sonograms and because of what we know about their ability to  feel pain--their movements, their eyes blinking, their eyelashes--today  the two sides are just about evenly split, pro-choice and pro-life. But  even those who identify themselves as pro-choice are deeply opposed to  late-term abortions. And make no mistake about it, if somehow the  Schumer bill tomorrow were to pass, late-term abortions would be legal  in all 50 States.   Eighty-one percent of Americans think that late-term abortions should  be illegal. Our friends on the Democratic side should think about that.  This bill goes against 81 percent of American public opinion in that  regard. Sixty-five percent say abortions should be illegal in the  second trimester--not the third trimester, in the second trimester--65  percent of Americans.   I hope our Democratic friends across the aisle think about that  before they vote for this extreme piece of legislation brought by the  Democratic leader, which would put us in league with the People's  Republic of China with all of their respect for life, with North Korea  with its deplorable record of respecting human life. With those two  countries and five others on the extreme left, it would put us in  league with them. That is not where the American people want us to be.   If a State has a 24-hour waiting period, for example, the Schumer  bill tomorrow would outlaw that. Taxpayer funding of abortion, the Hyde  amendment, which prohibits this and has done so for decades and  decades, would be abolished. The parental rights of teenage girls to  have a say and to be able to counsel their daughters on the pivotal  decision about having an abortion would be eliminated by this.   Religious exemptions. A practicing Catholic, who deep in their soul  understands this to be infanticide, would be required, if they are a  physician, to perform an abortion with no religious exemption.   Is that what my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are hoping  for? It is what they would get if the Schumer bill were to pass.   This is not a serious attempt at consensus building. This bill simply  reflects, regrettably, the iron grip that Planned Parenthood has on one  of our major political parties in this country.   We will reject this effort tomorrow. I commend my colleagues who  intend to stand with the American people and vote no on this attempt to  rank us with the worst regimes on the face of the globe and impose  late-term abortions on the entire country.   I yield the floor.   