 Madam Speaker, last night's speech should have  been the shortest State of the Union Address in history. It is easy for  everyone to see the state of the Union is much worse after one year  under the Biden Presidency.   This President, in order to keep energy independence, which is a  national security issue and an economic security issue, all he had to  do was nothing. If he would have just stayed in his basement and we  paid him to stay home, the country would be so much better off today  with the prices we are paying at the pump, with the security of our  Nation.   There is nothing that impacts middle-income, lower-income, fixed- income Americans than what we are paying at the pump. And now we are at  risk of it going from $4 a gallon to $7 a gallon because of this  President, and he has the travesty to not release American energy in  the face of Russian aggression in Ukraine.   This President needs to allow all the drilling to take place in the  United States, for us to unleash our resources and bankrupt the Putin  regime so he cannot finance the invasion into Ukraine. But, no, what is  happening? We are buying some 75,000 gallons of Russian oil a day at  the cost of $100 a barrel, enriching Putin's regime to the cost of $75  million per day.   But it is worse than that. What did this President have to do to keep  a secure border? All he had to do was nothing. If he had stayed home  after January 20, 2021, Americans would still be largely safe at the  border because illegal immigration had been eradicated under  the previous administration.    But what did he do? He forced the cessation of the border wall, and  he does not permit the border agents, the Border Patrol to do their  job. Meanwhile, 2.2 million illegal aliens came across our border last  year, and have been distributed into the interior of our country, flown  at taxpayer expense all over the country in the dark of night from 160  countries.   We don't know what they are doing while they are here, and this  President has not just allowed it to happen; he has facilitated it to  happen. As a matter of fact, last night he had the gall to say, hey, we  want to secure the border, when his policies have done just the  opposite and continue to do just the opposite.   Article IV, Section 4 of the Constitution says it is the  responsibility of the President to protect the States from invasion,  and he is doing just the very opposite willfully, purposefully,  intentionally. That is why so many of us have signed onto impeachment  articles against this President, just because of what he has done on  the border. Let's pretend he had done everything else well--use your  imagination--in his first year in the White House. Just because of what  he is doing to the American people at the border, and he has the gall  in the speech last night to lie to the American people and say that he  wants to secure the border. It should have been the shortest speech  ever because to get up there and lie to the American people about the  policies that he is implementing that are harming this country, it is a  travesty. Thank you, Chairman Johnson.   