 Mr. President, one of the aims of American foreign aid is to  assist countries in times of need. This spirit exemplifies a trait  Americans and Utahns rightfully value, that of giving to those in need.   Yet, for many years, our foreign aid dollars in support of abortion  have been used to impose violent cultural imperialism. Instead of  helping to preserve, strengthen, and sustain the lives of women and  children abroad, our taxpayer dollars have been used to harm women's  lives and to end the lives of their unborn children, especially baby  girls. In some of these countries, girls are disproportionately aborted  precisely because they are female. U.S. aid is used not to affirm the  equal dignity of women but to violently deny it.   In some of these countries, abortion is forced on women who don't  even want abortions, women in countries like Vietnam and Peru, for  instance, who were forced to endure the coercive abortion and  sterilization campaigns of the 1990s, just to name a couple of  examples.   What kind of aid does violence to women and girls? What kind of help  is it to impose U.S. abortion extremism on countries that culturally  and democratically reject it or contribute to international  organizations that allow regimes to use abortion as a tool of  oppression? What kind of progress is it to encourage sex-selective  abortion and the denigration of human dignity for both the baby and the  mother?   U.S. advocacy abroad for the taking of innocent, unborn life is not  pro-woman, it is not pro-child, and it is not pro-healthcare. It is  pro-sexism. It is pro-violence. And we must end it.   According to recent polling, the American people overwhelmingly  agree. Nearly 60 percent of Americans oppose using tax dollars to pay  for abortions, and more than 75 percent of Americans oppose using tax  dollars to support abortions in other countries.   Thankfully, President Ronald Reagan took steps to reverse this  support, starting in 1984, instituting the Mexico City policy to  prohibit foreign aid from going to organizations that provide or  promote abortions or that advocate to change abortion laws in a foreign  country. Since then, the policy has, unfortunately, been rescinded and  reinstated again and again, repeating this cycle between changing  administrations.   Another policy that used to have lasting support is the Hyde  amendment. This legal provision prohibited the use of Federal funds to  pay for abortion with a set of exceptions. Recently, Democrats have  abandoned this bipartisan position and have placed the Hyde amendment  under threat. It, too, could become a back-and-forth, ping pong policy,  depending on who holds majorities within the two Houses of Congress.   The lives of babies and the dignity of women and girls are not  political footballs. Women and unborn children everywhere have  immeasurable dignity and eternal worth regardless of where they are  from, and they are entitled to the right to life and protection from  harm regardless of who happens to be in office from one moment to the  next.   The Protecting Life in Foreign Assistance Act affirms this truth.  This bill would permanently stop the use of our foreign aid money from  funding or promoting abortions overseas.   In our laws and through our lives, we must uphold the dignity of each  and every human person regardless of race, regardless of sex, and  regardless of appearance, abilities, or age. The measure before us  today does just that, and I urge my colleagues to support it. The lives  of millions of women and children, born and unborn, depend on it.   So, Mr. President, as if in legislative session, I ask unanimous  consent that the Committee on Foreign Relations be discharged from  further consideration of S. 137 and that the Senate proceed to its  immediate consideration. I further ask that the bill be considered read  a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President.    Mr. President, I have tremendous respect for my friend and  colleague, the distinguished Senator from Connecticut. He and I both  acknowledge that the policy we are arguing--the nature of the policy is  one in which we have seen something of a tug-of-war, a ping pong match  over the years.   The Republican legislation will put in place or restore the so-called  Mexico City policy, prohibiting U.S. foreign aid from going to  organizations that perform or advocate for abortion overseas. It is  backed by an estimated 75 percent of Americans who don't believe that  we should be using U.S. taxpayer dollars especially to further the  cause of conducting or advocating for abortions overseas.   He and I both agree that President Biden has rescinded that. I think  where we disagree can be highlighted and traced back to the fact that  we call it by different names. He refers to this as  [[Page S369]]  the gag rule, a gag rule. Now, normally when we think of a gag rule, we  think of something that tells someone who is otherwise free to speak  that they may not speak. It is, in fact, what happens when we don't  allow people to live. It is what happens to all these baby girls who  are never allowed to be born precisely because they are female. And  make no mistake, when we fund abortions overseas, that is what is  happening. It happens a lot in countries that receive our aid in the  absence of the Mexico City policy. Some of that goes to these  organizations that perform abortions.   In many of these countries, sex-selective abortions are not only  tolerated culturally, they are commonplace. They are excessive. As a  result, these baby girls never get to be born. They never get to become  women. They never get to speak in the first place. That is a form of  gagging. That is not OK.   Regardless of how you feel about abortion, regardless of whether you  think that is a baby, a human life, or whether you think it is  something else--I am not sure what else it could be. When someone  becomes pregnant, we know that is the potential of what will one day be  a human being. Absent a death--whether a natural death or a death  brought about by someone's actions or by the operation of a disease or  medical condition or surgical intervention in the case of abortion--it  is a person. We shouldn't lose sight of that.   I have difficulty accepting the premise that the only solution to  this is continuing to fund organizations that perform or advocate for  abortions overseas. I reject the premise that anything we do in this  area to withhold those funds will necessarily result in more abortions.   As far as the suggestion that organizations could receive these funds  and still perform abortions and that not translate into U.S. dollars  being used to perform abortions, I reject that premise as well for the  same reason that I reject the premise that Planned Parenthood isn't  using taxpayer dollars to perform abortions. It is. It is spent  differently. It is a matter of accounting, but it sustains and supports  an organization that itself advocates for and performs many  abortions. These are, in fact, human lives, and the American people  are, in fact, very uncomfortable with the idea that we are funding  abortions with their taxpayer dollars, and we are doing it overseas. We  shouldn't do that. This shouldn't be controversial. I look forward to  the day when it is not.    