 I do not want to keep the distinguished Senator from  Maine on the floor any longer than we have to, so I am going to move  rapidly to the unanimous consent motion.  [[Page S2691]]    But I do want to tell the Senator that I am actually rather  sympathetic to her concerns. In Rhode Island, we have had issues  regarding the black sea bass, which NOAA scientists have known for more  than a decade were moving up into our waters, yet the fisheries  regulation and the allotments have not moved accordingly. We have  problems with evanescent species like butterfish and loligo squid that  replicate more rapidly than the regulatory regime can keep up, so the  information is really nonsense. And we have an urgent need to enhance  electronic monitoring on our boats so that human monitors don't have to  be taken out on the boat.   Yes, we have frustrations with NOAA about its pace in a lot of these  areas, but I simply think that an understaffed NOAA is not a solution  to those problems.   If I may, I ask unanimous consent that notwithstanding rule XXII, the  Senate consider the following nomination: Calendar No. 768, Jainey  Kumar Bavishi, to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and  Atmosphere; that the Senate vote on the nomination without intervening  action or debate; that the motion to reconsider be considered made and  laid upon the table; that any statements related to the nomination be  printed in the Record.    Madam President, let me just say I hope we can find a  way to move forward. Ms. Bavishi is needed to fill a very important  position. Those of us in coastal States know the problem with Oceans  and Atmosphere is profound. Perhaps my favorite new figure is called  the zettajoule, the joule being the unit of heat energy by which we  measure energy. The zettajoule is a joule with 21 zeros. It is a very,  very big number. It is twice the complete full energy production and  use by human species on the planet. All of our energy, our cars, our  trucks, our homes, our factories--everything is half a zettajoule. For  the price of that, we add 14 zettajoules of heat into the ocean every  single year--every single year. It is the equivalent of three or four  Hiroshima-sized atomic bombs being set off in the ocean every second  and the ocean having to absorb that heat energy.   As the Senator from Maine knows, the Gulf of Maine is one of the  fastest heating bodies of water on the planet, and she sees it as her  fisheries and her lobster fisheries, in particular, move northward.   I am eager to find a way to make sure that Bavishi can get in place.  She is a leading climate expert who worked in the New York Mayor's  Office of Climate Resiliency and, before that, in the CEQ at the White  House.   I respect the concerns that the Senator from Maine has indicated. As  I said, I have my own. I just have a different view as to whether  stopping the Assistant Secretary for Oceans and Administration position  from being filled is conducive to getting those concerns met.   I yield the floor.   