 Mr. Speaker, I rise to urge my colleagues to  support H. Res. 892, calling on the Government of the Republic of  Rwanda to release Paul Rusesabagina on humanitarian grounds.   Paul is a hero of the Rwandan genocide and a permanent resident of  San Antonio, Texas, my hometown where his family also lives today.   Last year, a Rwandan court sentenced Paul to 25 years in prison on  politically motivated charges. Paul is 68 years old, and for him that  is a life sentence.   Congresswoman Young Kim and I have been closely following his case  for several years, and we were proud to introduce H. Res. 892 in  February of this year.  [[Page H5716]]    Paul's story begins in Rwanda, the country of his birth. Nearly three  decades ago, he was serving as assistant general manager of a luxury  hotel in Kigali, Rwanda, when the Rwandan genocide began.   The genocide, which led to the deaths of an estimated 800,000 people  over a 3-month period, targeted mostly members of the ethnic Tutsi  minority. Paul is a member of the Hutu majority, but he was determined  not to see his Tutsi countrymen die on his watch.   As genocidal killing squads roamed through Rwanda, Paul sheltered  more than 1,200 people in his hotel, saving their lives.   In the aftermath of the genocide, Paul and his family received asylum  in Belgium and later moved to San Antonio with the help of the late  Texas Senator Bob Krueger, an international leader in the fight against  genocide. In 2005, President George W. Bush presented Paul with the  Presidential Medal of Freedom, our Nation's highest civilian honor.   Since the 1994 genocide, the Government of Rwanda has made tremendous  strides in economic development and stability. However, the country's  government is still plagued by corruption, abuse of power, and human  rights issues that amount to violations of international law--including  enforced disappearances.   At home and abroad Paul Rusesabagina has used his voice and elevated  platform to call attention to the need for change in Rwanda. In  response, the Rwandan Government launched an extraordinary campaign of  persecution against him.   In August 2020, Paul was extrajudicially transferred from Texas to  Rwanda by way of the United Arab Emirates and arrested on trumped-up  charges.   The Rwandan Government did not acknowledge his detention for 3 days,  during which he was reportedly subject to torture. In September 2021,  Paul was found guilty and sentenced in a trial that the European Union  described as ``marred by numerous violations of his fair trial  rights.''   He is a cancer survivor who lives with serious cardiovascular issues,  and Rwandan authorities have not provided him with the care he needs in  prison.   I have my children here on the floor with me, and my heart breaks for  Paul's family who can only speak to him once a week for 5 minutes. It  is long past time for Rwanda to release Paul and allow him to come home  to San Antonio.   My colleagues and I on both sides of the aisle have raised our  concerns previously. In December 2020, we sent a bipartisan, bicameral  letter to Rwandan President Paul Kagame urging him to release Paul on  humanitarian grounds. We spoke out about the way Paul was taken against  his will to Rwanda, which for all intents and purposes was a kidnapping  by the Kagame regime.   In June 2021, my colleagues and I wrote to Secretary of State Antony  Blinken urging him to use all diplomatic means at his disposal to  ensure Paul's safe return to the United States.   We are not the only ones who are concerned.   Last year, the American Bar Association Center for Human Rights  issued a report that found Paul's right to confidential communication,  his right to the presumption of innocence, and his right to prepare his  defense have all been violated.   In October 2021, the European Parliament adopted a resolution  denouncing Paul's illegal arrest. The resolution strongly condemns the  conviction, which it said was ``exemplary of the human rights  violations in Rwanda.''   Paul is a permanent resident of the United States, and we must work  just as hard as our European allies to bring him home.   In May, the State Department announced its determination that Paul  was ``wrongfully detained,'' noting that ``The determination took into  account the totality of the circumstances, notably the lack of fair  trial guarantees during his trial.''   I appreciate the support of the State Department, which has been  working with Paul's family and the Congress on this issue. I am  especially pleased that Paul's case is now under the purview of the  Special Presidential Envoy for Hostage Affairs, Ambassador Roger  Carstens.   Rwanda's President Kagame wants to be seen as a global leader and a  reliable partner to the United States, including on issues including  climate change. But Paul's unlawful detention is a blight on Rwanda's  international reputation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues, both Republican and Democrat, to  support this resolution.   