 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise today to urge my colleagues-- Democrats, Independents, Republicans--to seize this opportunity that we  have to pass bipartisan legislation to look out for the veterans of  wars in Iraq and Afghanistan who are suffering the terrible  consequences of exposure to burn pits, toxic fumes, and toxic waste.   When we send Americans to war, caring for them when they return is  not a favor, it is not a good deed, it is not a choice; it is a sacred  obligation of the U.S. Government.   I would observe that many of the same Senators who voted to send our  forces into harm's way in Iraq and Afghanistan are still serving in  this body today.   We have a sacred obligation to pass this legislation to ensure that  those who served in those conflicts and anywhere around the world in  service to the United States, suffering from the effects of exposure to  toxins, get the care they need through the VA.   This is about folks like COL David McCracken of Tyrone, GA, an Army  Reservist deployed in defense of our country after 9/11. Colonel  McCracken made it home from those deployments. He served his country.  He did his duty with valor and bravery. But at the age of 45, when  otherwise healthy, Colonel McCracken was diagnosed with brain cancer--a  rare occurrence at his age--and 11 months later, he was dead, taken  from a wife and three children.   This is about folks like Army SGT Jeff Danovich, who fought in Mosul  in 2004, where he lived just 100 yards from a burn pit. Like Colonel  McCracken, Sergeant Danovich did his duty. He served in combat. He came  home to his family, but just 2 years ago, Sergeant Danovich was  diagnosed with leukemia. And when he filed for disability with the VA  because of his exposure to burn pits, his claim was denied.    Let me just state again that when this government sends its forces  into harm's way, caring for them when they return is not a good deed.  We don't get extra credit for doing this. It is not a favor; it is our  job. And let me remind my colleagues once again that many of you in  this body voted to send these men and women into combat.   So Senator Tester and Senator Moran have presented us with a  bipartisan bill to do what is right and look after the veterans who did  their jobs for us when we sent them to do those jobs. Let's do our jobs  for them and pass this legislation.   I yield the floor.   (Ms. BALDWIN assumed the Chair.)   