 Mr. President, we learn more each day about the  devastating toll that ongoing flooding has inflicted on Eastern  Kentucky. As rescue and recovery efforts continue, Kentuckians are  grieving lost family members and friends and neighbors.   One of the victims of last weekend's flash floods was Gabe Hensley, a  30-year-old coal miner and father. Gabe was working a shift when the  floods hit. On his way home to rescue his wife and son, he stopped to  help a man who had wrecked a four-wheeler. He cleared trees and turned  people away from danger. Then, tragically, the floodwaters swept Gabe  away.   As Gabe's cousin told the Herald-Leader yesterday, ``Eastern Kentucky  lost a hero.''   We are all grieving for the men, women, and children this flood has  taken from us. The Hensley family has asked that people honor Gabe by  helping other flood victims. Flooding, high winds, and power outages  are still ongoing, and forecasters predict more heavy rainfall in the  region throughout next week. The threat of even more disaster in  Eastern Kentucky is acute.    I spoke with the Governor, State legislative leaders, and officials  on the ground in Eastern Kentucky yesterday. They echoed the need for  food, cleaning supplies, and water.   In such dire times, the ray of hope is the fact that generous  Kentuckians from across the Commonwealth are hearing these calls for  help and answering loud and clear. Already, the Eastern Kentucky relief  fund has received about $2.3 million in charitable donations. Across my  home State, from the Winchester VWF to neighborhood restaurants in  Northern Kentucky, locals are organizing donation drives. The  University of Kentucky and the University of Louisville's men's  basketball teams are both fundraising for flood relief, and police  departments from around the region donated cruisers to help with search  and rescue.   All this generosity will play a crucial role as we begin to rebuild.  As the officials I spoke to emphasized, it will be a long road ahead  for the families affected by these awful floods. But I know I speak for  every Kentuckian when I say: We will be with them every single step of  the way.   