 Madam President, nearly 6 years ago, our State,  Nation, the city of Orlando, and Hispanic and LGBTQ communities were  attacked. Forty-nine innocent and beautiful lives were lost. It was an  evil and hateful act, an act of terrorism designed to divide us as a  nation and strike fear in our hearts and minds. But, instead, we came  together, we supported each other, and we persevered. We have proved to  the world what we in Florida already knew: Floridians are resilient.   The days I spent in Orlando following the shooting will always be  with me. I talked to parents who lost their children. I went to  funerals and wakes. I sat in hospital rooms. It was one of the hardest  things I have ever had to do. It was heartbreaking. But in this  horribly dark time, the selfless courage of so many--from community  members to law enforcement, to healthcare workers--provided a sense of  hope. This incredible strength, love, and bravery lifted up Orlando and  the State of Florida and helped us begin to rebuild.   This week, on the sixth anniversary of this devastating tragedy, the  State of Florida comes together to honor the lives lost too soon, and  we vow to always stand up and fight against evil and hatred in this  world.   I was proud that last year Congress passed and the President signed  into law legislation I introduced with Senator Rubio and Senator  Padilla to designate the location of the Pulse nightclub in Orlando as  the National Pulse Memorial, which will honor the memory of those we  lost.   Today, I am requesting all my colleagues to join Senator Rubio and me  to pass a resolution honoring the memory of the 49 lives lost during  the heinous attack at the Pulse nightclub. Let's come together now to  say that our Nation will always stand against hate and evil in this  world.    As if in legislative session, I ask unanimous  consent the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 663,  submitted earlier today.    I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be  agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and that the motions to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate.    I suggest the absence of a quorum.   