 Mr. President, I join my colleague from our home State of  Delaware in ensuring that Jim Gardner's four decades of leadership in  our community, in our local news, and in laying down a marker for what  it means to be a real journalist, a trusted and loyal and important  part of community leadership--that his service will be remembered and  recognized in the Congressional Record.   Jim Gardner, as my colleague laid out in great detail, born and  raised in New York City, turned on to journalism as a student at  Columbia University by reporting on the historic Columbia riots in 1968  and then began his remarkable run with WPVI-TV Philadelphia on June 1,  1976.   I have had the honor of being in the newsroom and talking with Jim as  he has prepared for a broadcast, of getting a sense of just how good  and balanced and thoughtful a journalistic leader he is.   For all of us, it is a real loss that, four decades later, Jim has  anchored his last regularly scheduled 11 p.m. broadcast. He is still  anchoring the 6 p.m. news.   I will tell you, Jim, my wife Annie and I love watching you. You have  given us a sense of continuity, of community, and of character in our  local news, unmatched in so many other communities around our country.  You are a genuine treasure, a jewel of the Delaware Valley, and we will  miss you deeply. You have interviewed Popes and Presidents, local  elected officials and international leaders. You have contributed to  our understanding of our place in the world and brought us closer  together.   I just wanted to say to you personally, congratulations on your  retirement. I know that you will get to spend more time with Josh,  Jenn, Emily, and Jesse, and your grandson Henry.   Thank you to Amy.   As my colleague and friend Tom Carper said, it is our spouses who  often experience the highs and the lows of our public service, and I  know your family has supported you through this remarkable work.   It would be impossible to list all the stories that you reported on  or contributed to, but know, Jim, that you have left a lasting legacy  in the hearts of the millions of people who have watched you over  decades and felt that they were brought a little bit closer to their  world.   Thank you, and we look forward to recognizing you in the Record of  the United States Senate.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   