 Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I rise today to  honor a proud American, a great Hoosier, an outstanding man, and a very  dear friend, Anthony ``Tony'' Moravec.   Tony left us far too soon, and it is an honor to have his family in  the House gallery to join us here today.   Born October 3, 1950, Tony Moravec was the embodiment of the American  Dream. He worked hard, treated everyone with respect, and had a joyous  appreciation of life.   Tony was chairman of Blairex Laboratories and the co-founder of  Applied Laboratories. These two companies employed countless Hoosiers  and brought vital economic development to Columbus, Indiana.   Tony's commitment to our community did not end there. In fact, he  went far beyond what many business leaders accomplish.   In 1990, he and his company received the Entrepreneur of the Year  award from the State of Indiana.   In 2009, he received the Company of the Year Award from the Columbus  Chamber of Commerce for the restoration of Zaharakos, an ice cream  store.   In 2011, Tony received the Indiana University Provost's Medal, and  was honored with the President's Circle Laurel Pin and the Partners in  Philanthropy Cornerstone Award.   In 2016, he received an award for the restoration of the Columbus  Pump House.   Tony established scholarships at the Heritage Fund, Indiana  University, and Ivy Tech Community College, always seeking to educate  the next generation of Hoosiers.   Tony donated his collection of the works of Old Master drawings,  including a series of scenes from the New Testament, to the IU Eskenazi  Museum. It became the third largest repository of such drawings in the  world, earning an Andrew W. Mellon Foundation endowment.   Tony once remarked that he was part of our hometown, Columbus, by  choice, not by chance; something proven in all his actions.   Our relationship, our friendship, like so many others in our  community, went far beyond business or politics. Tony meant so much to  my wife, Denise, and I.   It is exceptionally hard to underscore what an immense loss Tony's  passing is to my family and our entire community.   So today, I want to impart some wisdom from Tony's parents and  grandparents that he recently shared with our community at the Moravec  Hall dedication.   ``Bite off more than you can chew and chew like hell. Be bold in  everything you do. It has a magic about it.   ``Use it up. Wear it out. Make it do or do without. Do your job like  you own the business. Maybe, someday you will.   ``Get an education. They can take your house, they can take your car,  but they can't take your education.''   And finally, ``Leave the place a better place than you found it,''  which Tony did. In fact, he left everywhere a better place than he  found it.   May Tony Moravec forever rest in peace. God bless this wonderful man,  and may God bless his family.   