 Mr. Speaker, it has been more than 2 years  since COVID-19 shut down the world and forced businesses to close for  months. Since the beginning of the pandemic, Congress has spent--we  have already talked about it--$6.6 trillion to help  [[Page H4407]]  American businesses get back on track to financial recovery after  enduring months of forced government closures.   At that time, aid was critical for businesses to survive the  pandemic, but we must now let the free market work and stop frivolously  spending billions more in the name of COVID-19.   This attempt by Democrats to spend billions of taxpayer dollars is  irresponsible and will only add fuel to the growing inflation crisis  that we have. Americans are currently experiencing tough times right  now trying to find out how to beat, frankly, the Federal Government.   Inflation and energy prices are the primary concerns for small  businesses. And I am a small business owner for 51 years; I still  employ hundreds of people. So those are the concerns they have. And  more Federal spending is only going to strain businesses further.   It is simple: to lower costs for hardworking families and  businessowners, we need to cut spending. We need to cut it, not spend  more money that we don't have. When you spend money you print and you  spend money you don't have, it is called inflation.   We should be focusing on getting control of the crisis at the  southern border, lowering gas prices, managing supply chain  disruptions--I am in the car business, so I can talk about that--that  are leaving shelves empty and incentivizing people to get back to work,  not not work.   In order to get back to the thriving economy we had prepandemic under  the Trump administration, Democrats must end this emergency COVID  spending charade. Hey, it is over. We are done with it. Let's move on.   And I always get a kick out of people that say they want to protect  Main Street. Well, it is funny because a lot of those people wanting to  protect Main Street are bureaucrats that never signed the front of a  check. They never met a payroll. They have been up here all their  lives. But they want to help Main Street. And the fact of the matter is  we need to cut taxes. We need to cut regulations.   So if it is so important to help Main Street, why do Democrats and  liberals want to raise taxes all the time? That doesn't help Main  Street. I want to help Main Street, but I want to raise taxes. That is  the wrong way to go about it.   So the bottom line is this: We have a better bill. I urge all of my  colleagues to oppose H.R. 3807 and reject Democrats' false claims that  this bill is fully paid for. It is fully paid for on the backs of Main  Street America. In God we trust.   