 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, occasionally, Members are given the  opportunity for a point of personal privilege. This is mine today.  Today, I rise to speak in tribute to Christopher Austen Joyner, my most  trusted adviser for the last 24 years.   This week, Chris will retire from a 22-year career working in public  service, most of them supporting me in some capacity.   Twenty-two years is a long time. In Hill terminology, that translates  to three terms in the House, followed by almost three terms in the U.S.  Senate. And in Chris's case, it includes participation in almost every  one of my campaigns since 1998. To say that I will miss our partnership  is an understatement.   Joyner's love of country, his dedication to serve, his ability to  bring out the best in staff and in me have been a true gift for the  last two decades.   Chris, I hope you will enjoy a well-earned retirement; that you can  head out to the coast; that you can have a few laughs with your wife,  Amanda, your kids, Liz and Andrew; that you can enjoy some more  baseball games, whether that is coaching Andrew's Little League team or  sitting at Nats Park; and that you can properly reflect on your poor  decision to get a pandemic puppy. From now on, I hope that there will  only be one Monday per week, and, in addition to lunch, you  occasionally get dinner. I expect to see you here, though, for the  occasional breakfast burrito.   Like so many young staffers, Chris started his Hill career as an  intern at the Senate Foreign Relations Committee in 1996. In the spring  of 1998, Alicia Clark, my then-chief of staff, brought Chris to my  House office as a legislative assistant. Chris worked in my House  office from 1998 to 2005, involved in almost every issue that came  through our doors: foreign policy, defense, oversight, trade, tax, ag.  In my House office, I could always count on Chris to be committed,  prepared, and willing to work within the conference and across the  aisle to get things done for the American people.   One of Chris's proudest accomplishments during those years was his  work with a bipartisan group of House staffers to draft legislation  that ultimately became the tobacco quota buyout. Of course, I think his  most noticeable accomplishment there in those years was to meet and  marry the love of his life, Amanda, who has been patient over the years  with long nights, nonexistent weekends, and staffdels that produced  laundry smelling like jet fuel and explosives.   Chris rose through the office ranks to become policy director, and he  joined my Senate office in 2005. In the spring of 2006, after 8 years  on Team Burr, Chris went looking for new challenges and briefly worked  as a Washington rep for the American Petroleum Institute.   Thankfully, he wasn't gone too long, and, in 2008, Chris agreed to  come back to my Senate office as chief of staff. As my chief, Chris  hired and mentored my staff both here and in North Carolina and  provided me invaluable counsel on a host of issues facing the American  people. Whatever the problem, Chris always brought the best options to  the table, occasionally with some good bourbon, and provided the best  advice, even if I didn't always agree.   When I took over as chairman of the Senate Select Committee on  Intelligence in January 2015, I knew that  [[Page S427]]  Chris would bring his keen intellect, good judgment, and steady  leadership to the staff director role. Although Chris had never worked  in the intelligence community, I knew that he had the right balance of  respect for the intelligence community's mission and commitment to the  Senate's important oversight role.   Chris dove into this role head first, learning everything he could  about the intelligence community, becoming a champion of its missions  and of its workforce. He traveled the world in pursuit of ground truth,  joining me on trips to war zones, crisis hotspots, and training  locations to show the intelligence community our support; traveling via  trains, planes, armored cars, helicopters, and, occasionally, souped-up  golf carts. Chris knew the value of an in-person thank-you to our  people in harm's way and the importance of a surprise stop to ensure  that the reality on the ground was described back in Washington in the  same way.   Chris's bipartisanship and his supportive leadership style served him  well during his time on the Intel Committee. Thankfully, he also kept  his sense of humor and his penchant for movie quotes and exactly the  right GIF.   As staff director during the SSCI's Russia investigation, Chris led a  bipartisan team of staffers on an almost 4-year-long effort to uncover  foreign interference in the 2016 election. Although we had some heated  moments and a lot of drama, Chris never wavered from the mission that  Senator Warner and I had given the staff: to follow the facts wherever  they led.   Chris's leadership style is not flashy, and his quiet support for the  SSCI staff and his devotion to the IC mission kept the committee  focused on its essential oversight mission throughout a high-profile  investigation in the beginning of the pandemic.   Clearly, Chris could not get enough of this important mission, and  for the last 2 years, Chris has served as the senior adviser on the  committee, continuing the committee's efforts to focus the intelligence  community on critical work exposing malign foreign influence. His work  is clearly rated AAA.   Chris, I am proud of you. I am so thankful to you, and I hope you  know how much your service has meant to all of us and especially to me.  You have been a voice of common sense in a divisive time, a steady hand  through good times and bad times, and a champion of the legislative  branch. Our Nation is safer, our intelligence community is sharper, and  this institution is stronger because of you. Thank you for dedicating  your life and service to your Nation and thank you for your dedication  to me. It has truly been an honor and a privilege to have you by my  side on this journey. We wish you well.   