 Madam President, there is a lot going on in the world  right now: Ukraine; what is happening in China; what is happening with  the Iran nuclear conversation right now with Russia and the United  States and China; record inflation here in the United States. There is  so much going on that I am concerned that we are not also focused on an  area at our southwest border.   It is interesting; I have had folks who have caught me and have said:  Things must be going better at our southwest border because I don't  hear about it as much.   Actually, there is just so much other news that it is drowning it  out.   So what is actually happening at our southwest border right now, and  where are we? Let me give you a little bit of context and then to be  able to talk through some of the issues that are happening.   Today, on our southwest border, about 6,300 people have already  illegally crossed. Now, a day that they can manage is about 3,500  people. So we are still hearing record numbers of people illegally  crossing the border.   To set this in context, during the 4 years of the Trump Presidency,  there were 2.4 million people who were encountered illegally crossing  the border during the 4 years of the Trump Presidency. During the first  14 months of the Biden Presidency, we have already exceeded that  number. We have had more illegal encounters in the first 14 months than  there were in the previous 4 years.   In this process of all these individuals crossing the border, it has  been interesting. There was something that was put in place in January  of 2020 called title 42 authority. Now, let me explain this briefly.  Because of the pandemic that was happening, in March of 2020, the Trump  administration put in place that, for single adult individuals who were  crossing the border, they would be turned around at the border based on  the pandemic that was happening. The Biden administration agreed with  that policy, and when they came in, they kept title 42 in place. In  fact, last year, 1.1 million people were turned around at the border  under title 42 authority.   Title 42 authority was always intended to be temporary. It is not a  permanent immigration policy; it is during the pandemic, although it is  ironic that the administration is looking to lift title 42 authority on  the border at the same time--this month--members of the National Guard  are being forced to resign if they don't have their vaccine. So if you  don't take your vaccine and you are in the National Guard, you are  being forced out, or if you are in the military and you haven't taken  it, you are being forced to resign the military, but people illegally  crossing our border can come into the United States.   At the same month that there is conversation about dropping the title  42 authority, we are still wearing a mask on our planes, in buses, and  in trains based on a requirement of the administration on a threat to  COVID. At the same time that is occurring, the administration is  looking to lift the title 42 issues at our southern border.   They have had a year to be able to plan for this. I have been in  conversation with Ali Mayorkas and with DHS. We have had multiple  conversations with the leaders. I have been on the border multiple  times to be able to talk to the leadership there, to say we have all  known that at some point, title 42 authority is going away, so when  that occurs, what is the plan to deal with illegal immigration or what  they call irregular migration? What is the plan at that point?   Well, we are finally getting bits and pieces of the plan. The plan  is, apparently, from the notes that we are getting and the  conversations we have had at the staff level and that I can piece  together from multiple conversations with multiple leaders, after a  year of considering what to be able to do about illegal immigration and  increasing numbers at the border, apparently, within the next couple of  weeks, they are going to stop title 42 to be able to more rapidly move  people into the interior of the country faster so the border looks less  chaotic. The plan is to move people into the country faster so there is  not a camera shot on people backed up at the border. That is the plan.   I wish I was kidding on that, but in a briefing with my staff last  week, DHS  [[Page S1733]]  Office of Intelligence and Analysis told our team that as soon as they  release title 42, they anticipate tens of thousands of migrants  crossing the border within hours; that they are literally camped up on  the south side of the border and that they will flood the border. DHS  Office of Intelligence anticipates hundreds of thousands of migrants  crossing within 2 weeks and as many as a million crossing within 6  weeks of when they lift title 42 authority.   May I remind us, last summer, when we saw all the chaos on our  southern border, that was 900,000 for an entire year. They are  anticipating as many as a million in 6 weeks illegally crossing our  border, and their plan is not to turn them around; their plan is to bus  them to towns and cities all over the United States so they would move  away from the border quickly. That does not feel like a plan to me;  that feels like a recipe for chaos and frustration from American  citizens across the country.   The plan continues to be able to give individuals a piece of paper  that they would have a court hearing 6 years in the future--6 years. I  wish I was kidding about this. They will come across the border, be  given a piece of paper, told they have a hearing 6 years in the future,  and if they would like to apply for a work status, they can get that  after they are here 6 months.   Last year, we had the highest number of illegal crossings in the  history of our country--last year. The administration is now planning  for that number to skyrocket this year. Their solution is to give work  permits, move people faster to the interior of the country, and repeat.  That is not a plan; that is a formula for disaster. That is individuals  and families moving into the country who don't have legal status by the  millions.   May I remind this body that last year, we had individuals from every  single country on the planet who were encountered on our border last  year illegally crossing--every single country. Yes, that includes Iran,  North Korea, Russia. You name it, every country on the planet illegally  crossed our border. The plan this year is not to turn them around; the  plan this year is to expedite them into the interior of the country,  hand them a form, and say: Show up at court 6 years from now. Oh, by  the way, while you are waiting, you can have a work permit.   That is going to just drive even more illegal immigration into our  country. That is going to drive people from all over the world to be  able to come here and to cross our border illegally. That is an  invitation to chaos. And I cannot even believe, even with this  administration, that after a year of planning, this is the plan for  what they are going to do for illegal immigration on our southern  border.    Last summer, we found out through a series of rumors that ICE was  planning to put up what they were calling a surge overflow temporary  processing facility in Western Oklahoma, at a private prison there. I  contacted DHS, confirmed that they were actually planning this, and  told them the obvious issues with that. There was no bus station in  that area. There was no airport in that area. They were literally  looking to move thousands of people from the border into Western  Oklahoma, into a small town, and just release them at that point, and  they can figure out what to do and where to go from there.   The administration, after 48 hours of our back and forth, of me  pushing, pulled back their plan and said they weren't going to do it.  But I have noted their response back to me at the end of that. They  said that they had decided not to pursue this facility at this time.   What was threatened in my State a year ago is very likely coming to  many States that are represented in this room in the weeks ahead, where  individuals are moved all over the country, into small towns and large  towns, to be able to move people away from the border--what even DHS  estimates may be a million people in 6 weeks to every part of the  country so the border doesn't look chaotic. Can I ask you, is your town  set up to receive people coming from all over the world to come into  your town--a million in a 6-week time period?   Interior processing is a terrible idea. It is a terrible idea. And  after a year, DHS can do better than this. So what do we need to do  about this? My Democratic colleagues have a unique relationship with  this President. You have the opportunity to be able to call the office,  to sit down with the leadership team, and to say: This looks like a  particularly bad idea. The American people do not like chaos, and they  do not like illegal immigration. The American people love legal  immigration. We cheer at nationality events. We show up in droves and  watch people pledge allegiance to the flag for the first time as an  American citizen. But the American people do not like illegal  immigration, especially one that is unlimited, chaotic, and from every  country in the world.   So I made contact with the administration. I am laying this marker  down. We are going to do everything that we possibly can as a team to  be able to make it clear that this administration plans to bring chaos  to the United States in the next several months, and we are going to do  everything we can to be able to stop that. This is not some random  threat.   The President of the United States has a unique responsibility to  enforce the law. That is what Presidents do. And the people in my State  are not asking for something odd or peculiar; they are asking simply  for the President of the United States to enforce the law of the United  States.   May I remind this body of a statistic you may or may not remember.  Last year, ICE deported 57,000 people total in a year. We had 2.3  million people illegally encountered at the southern border, and ICE  deported 57,000 total in a year. It was a record-low number of  deportations and a record-high number of illegal crossings. And now  they are planning to lift title 42. All 100 of us should be addressing  this administration and telling them this is a bad idea, and I pray  they hear us out.   To the President of the United States: Just enforce the law.   I yield the floor.   