 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the  gentlewoman and thank the gentleman for their words of support for this  piece of legislation.   I ask all my colleagues to support my bill.   It would do exactly as the previous two speakers said. It would make  things a lot easier. It would advance environmental quality.   What exactly are we dealing with here?   We have a 266-acre parcel. It used to be the site of the Gilt Edge  Mine. It is now an EPA Superfund site. Mr. Speaker, you can see a  picture of the site here. This is not pristine wilderness; but, of  course, we want to get it back to an environmental asset.   This is now, as the gentlewoman said, a checkerboard of competing  governmental ownerships and roles. You have got the Forest Service  which owns much of this land; you have got the State of South Dakota  which owns some of the rest of it; you have got the EPA which for 20  years has been doing remediation work on the water; and then you have  got the State of South  [[Page H8162]]  Dakota which has other environmental cleanup and management  responsibilities on this site.   So what this bill would do is take the portions of this site that are  owned by the Forest Service, and it would allow the State of South  Dakota to purchase this land. That is going to get the Forest Service  out of the middle of this. They don't need to play a role here.   The work of the State will be easier if they have one less Federal  partner to work with and to navigate.   Now, sometimes my colleagues get concerned if we are going to take a  Federal asset and give it to a State.   Will this be a loss of important Federal access opportunities for the  public?   Well, that is why I brought this picture up here, Mr. Speaker. People  are not going hiking here. This is not wildlife habitat. You will not  have bison from the Black Hills of South Dakota nestle in this leach  pond here.   We have real environmental work to do here, and it is important that  we do it in the most effective way. This bill would advance that cause.   I just want to make it clear, so many people who are involved are  supportive of this. Senators Thune and Rounds have been supportive.  Governor Noem has been supportive. Lawrence County, the city of Lead,  and the city of Deadwood are all supportive.   I ask all of my colleagues to join their voices of support so we can  do what needs to be done on this Superfund site. We didn't treat this  land properly, and the mining company did not treat this land properly.  We have a continuing opportunity to do right. My bill would do that.  Vote ``yes.''   