 Mr. President, I rise tonight to support Ketanji Brown  Jackson's nomination to serve as an Associate Justice on the U.S.  Supreme Court.   Judge Jackson comes to this floor with impeccable credentials. She  graduated from Harvard magna cum laude. She graduated with honors from  Harvard Law School, where she edited the Harvard Law Review.   After graduation, Judge Jackson worked at top firms in private  practice and secured three prestigious clerkships, including one for  Justice Breyer on the Supreme Court of the United States. Later, she  served as a public defender, representing people who couldn't afford a  lawyer.   I can't think of better evidence of her commitment to equal justice  under the law, where everyone, regardless of their means, has the right  to fair representation.   Judge Jackson is clearly qualified for this position. There is nobody  who doubts that. My colleagues know it because the Senate has confirmed  her three times with bipartisan support: first, to serve as Vice Chair  of the U.S. Sentencing Commission; second, for the U.S. District Court  for the District of Columbia; and, last, for the U.S. Court of Appeals  for the DC Circuit.   Taken together, Judge Jackson comes to this floor with the best legal  training America can offer: a decade of experience on the Federal bench  and a consistent record of bipartisan support here on this floor.   I had the opportunity to meet with Judge Jackson 2 weeks ago, after  she had been rolled around in the barrel--that is one way of saying  it--during the confirmation hearings that people all over the country  watched. And in our conversation, after she had been through all of  that turmoil, she told me about how her parents had attended segregated  schools in Miami before working as public school teachers here in  Washington, DC. Her dad went on to be a lawyer, a lawyer for the Miami  school district, something I appreciate, having been a superintendent  of schools.    Unlike her parents, Judge Jackson grew up in America after the civil  rights laws of the 1960s and remembered how hard her parents worked  every single day to give her opportunities they never even dreamed of  for themselves. And she seized those opportunities. She earned top  grade. She was elected student body president.   And when she told her guidance counselor she wanted to apply to  Harvard, the counselor warned she shouldn't set her ``sights so high.''  Fortunately for America, she set her sights high. She set her sights  where they should have been set. She followed the high example of her  parents, working hard and impressing everyone along the way, friends  and colleagues and mentors, who are virtually beating down the doors of  this Capitol to tell us what a thoughtful, fairminded, and principled  Justice she would be.   That hasn't stopped some colleagues from distorting her record,  trying to say to the American people that she is soft on crime. That  would come as news, I think, to the Fraternal Order of Police, who has  endorsed her candidacy for the Court. It would come as news to the  International Association of Chiefs of Police. Both have endorsed her  nomination. They see what is obvious to anyone who fairly reviews her  record, which is that Judge Jackson has spent her entire career devoted  to the rule of law.   Her brother and two uncles served as police officers. So law  enforcement isn't some academic abstraction for her. It is literally  her family.   The Presiding Officer knows something about that, I think, in his  family history as well.   In our meeting, I asked Judge Jackson what makes a good judge. We had  a long talk about that. One of the things she said was communication,  because judges have to explain their reasoning in every decision, which  is a lot more than I can say for the U.S. Senate.   She also said that it is the unique role of the judge to identify and  to extract their bias before every case. And if you look at her more  than 570 written decisions, it is clear how seriously she takes that  responsibility.   I was just on the phone with some people from Colorado before I came  over here. And I said to them--I told them I was coming out here to  give this speech. And I said to them--these are old, old friends of  mine--that I can't remember a time when I sat down with somebody and  had a 30-minute conversation where I came away more impressed than I  was by Judge Jackson.   I found her to be both brilliant and completely down-to-earth, which  is, I think, a particularly important combination for a judge at any  level--at any level--to have both the intellect to grapple with the  nuances of the law and the experience to appreciate how it affects real  people.   It wasn't that long ago that Judge Jackson would have received over  90 votes on this floor, just like her mentor, Justice Breyer, did; just  like qualified judges when I was in law school myself. The Senate  confirmed Justice Breyer 96 to 3, just like we confirmed Justice Scalia  98 to 0, and Justice Sandra Day O'Connor got 91 to nothing. Somebody  was out that day. I guarantee you they would have voted for her if they  had been here.   Each time that happened, the Senate reinforced the independence of  the judiciary, set aside our partisan politics, and stood up, I think,  for integrity and for the rule of law.   I am sad. I am sad tonight that Judge Jackson won't get 99 votes  tomorrow, even though she deserves it. And that is not a reflection on  her. As I said, if this were an earlier day in the Senate, she would  get 99 votes. She would have gotten 99 votes if she had come in a  different era. It is a reflection of how we, as Senators--and I among  them--have shredded our constitutional responsibility to advise and  consent.   It is my hope that by the time--I was going to say, when my children  are adults; they almost are adults; they  [[Page S2034]]  are adults--but by the time they are running the country, with  everybody else in their generation, that we will have figured out a way  to return the Senate to a place where we take our responsibility--our  constitutional responsibility--to advise and consent seriously, and we  find a way to make it, once again, a bipartisan effort in this place,  and find a way to stitch ourselves back together again. I am prepared  to work with anybody on the floor to try to do that. But in the  meantime, this really, in my view, is a moment to celebrate. It is a  moment to celebrate.    In the last few weeks, my office has literally been flooded with  messages from Coloradans telling me what an extraordinary Justice Judge  Jackson would make. And they don't have to persuade me. Judge Jackson  is an inspiration to me and to so many Americans, to millions and  millions of Americans.   In the past few weeks, I couldn't help but imagine what it would mean  to the students I used to work for in the Denver Public Schools to see  Judge Jackson on the Court, the same Court that once ruled in Dred  Scott v. Sandford that her ancestors were little more than property, a  Court that codified in Plessy v. Ferguson the segregated schools that  her parents were forced to attend and the segregated hotels and buses  and movie theaters they endured every single day, day after day.   And it is a reminder that change is possible in America. Our country  isn't perfect--far from it. Our history has always been a battle  between the highest ideals expressed in our Constitution and our worst  impulses as human beings.   And if you look at our history, if you really look at our history,  the path from cases like Dred Scott and Plessy to Brown and Obergefell  was cleared, as it always is, by Americans who refused to give up on  our highest ideals; who insisted, as Dr. King once said, that we make  real the promise of our democracy.   This week is a victory for our highest ideals and for the promise of  American democracy. It is a moment to celebrate a nation that, as Judge  Jackson said, in one generation went from forcing her parents to live  under Jim Crow to elevating her to the highest Court in the land.   After carefully reviewing her record, I believe that Judge Jackson  will join the ranks of Earl Warren, Thurgood Marshall, and Ruth Bader  Ginsburg, Justices who have helped bridge the gap between the words  written in our Constitution and their reality in America today, and I  hope she will join the Court's great dissenters, Justices like Justice  Harlan, who opposed decisions that outlawed the minimum wage, or  Justices Roberts and Murphy, who refused to condone the internment of  Japanese Americans in Colorado and across the country. All of those  Justices stood not for an ideology but for the American values etched  in our Constitution: freedom, equality, democracy, and the rule of law.   I am confident that Judge Jackson will stand for those values fairly,  impartially, and without prejudice; and tomorrow I will  enthusiastically vote for her confirmation. I would suggest that  everybody in this Chamber would have a good reason to vote for her  confirmation, and I hope they will consider it.   I yield the floor.   