 Mr. President, I rise in opposition to S.J. Res. 37, which  we are now considering and which we will vote on at 5:30.   This is a resolution that would use the CRA process to undo the CDC  guidance requiring use of masks on transportation: planes, buses,  trains, and some transportation hubs.   I think this is an issue that should be discussed, and, possibly, to  use a medical metaphor, a scalpel should be used to make it just right.  Unfortunately, the CRA process is a meat cleaver, and this is not the  kind of thing we should be using a meat cleaver against.   If S.J. Res. 37 passes, it could lead us to be extremely vulnerable  if there were a resurge in coronavirus cases, as we are seeing in other  nations like Germany.   Let me explain. The CDC imposed a mandate to wear masks on  transportation in February of 2021--again, planes, buses, trains, and  train and bus stations, as well as airports.   We all know that the CDC has recently examined the caseload of COVID- 19 in the country and dropped their mask recommendations for most of  the Nation. About 98 percent of the American population now live in  communities where there is no mask recommendation, thank goodness--not  even indoors. That is great.   But in some parts of the country, some parts of my Commonwealth,  infection rates are still so high that the mask recommendation for  wearing indoors is still one that the CDC strongly recommends.   The CDC mandate, with respect to masks on transportation, was set to  expire on March 18, Friday. On Friday, March 18, it was set to expire.  After the CDC dropped the recommendation about wearing masks indoors,  the CDC decided to extend the mask requirement on transportation for 1  month, from March 18 to April 18.   Why did they do that when they were dropping the mask recommendation  indoors for much of the country? Well, the reason was pretty obvious,  and they explained it.   Here is the problem with transportation: You might board a bus,  plane, or train in an area with low infection but pass through areas of  high infection and end up in an area of high infection. So  transportation is a little bit different than what should the rules be  in an indoor venue in my hometown of Richmond or in communities in  Connecticut, where the Presiding Officer lives.   So what the CDC said is, we are going to take an additional month,  and we are going to analyze the science around closed spaces-- transportation venues--and we are going to look at this issue of  traveling from one community to another, and then we will come up with  a best recommendation and best guidance with respect to mask mandates  in transportation. That sounds very reasonable to me, very reasonable  to extend the mask requirement by 1 month.   I would argue to my colleague Senator Paul--this is his resolution-- we should be weighing in with the CDC and giving them best guidance-- and, obviously, they are considering what science is recommending; they  are in dialogue with the transportation industry that has strong  feelings about that--and then seeing what guidance the CDC comes up  with in April before the April 18 deadline, to which they have  extended.   That would be reasonable, but what this resolution does is not  reasonable. It not only wipes out the mask requirement; it wipes it out  forever. It states that the CDC no longer will have the authority to  impose a mask requirement in transportation unless or until this body  passes new legislation allowing them to do so.   That legislation in the Senate would require 60 votes. I would  venture to argue that there is no way, in the politicization of COVID,  that a piece of legislation giving the CDC the power to do mask  mandates in transportation would get 60 votes in this Chamber.   So if S.J. Res. 37 passes, we will have taken away from our premier  health authorization the ability to impose a mask mandate if it is  necessary.    Now, I pray that it is not necessary. I am happy to see the reduction  in COVID caseloads in Virginia and across much of the Nation. But there  are parts of Virginia where the caseloads are still high and where  masks are still recommended. And there are parts of every one of our  States or Commonwealths where the infection rates are still high, and  masks are still recommended.   So it is fine to wish that COVID is going away. I mean, Lord, do we  all wish that it is going away, but we know that in some parts of the  country it isn't. And we also know, if we are looking at the data  internationally, that China is experiencing a significant upsurge;  Germany is experiencing a significant upsurge.   So what if--what if--we face a new COVID variant that starts to wreak  havoc on us, just as Delta did when we thought we were in a decline,  just like Omicron did when we thought we were in a decline? What if  there is a new variant that comes and starts to wreak havoc more  broadly across the country? Wouldn't we want the CDC to have the power  immediately, upon an upsurge of COVID nationally, to impose a mask  requirement on transportation? If S.J. Res. 37 passes, they will not  have the ability to do that.  [[Page S1172]]    And what might be the consequences of that? The consequences could be  very severe in terms of people's health. We know that. We have  experienced now close to a million deaths to COVID. But it also could  have severe economic consequences.   Our transportation infrastructure--public transit and buses and  trains and planes--is a critical backbone of the American economy,  which is now starting to grow and add jobs, thank goodness. But if  COVID hits again, and CDC does not have power to impose a mask mandate,  many people who use transportation to get to work or to travel to  places where they can do their work will no longer feel confident in  their ability to do so. Many employees who work in the transportation  sector will worry about being exposed to rising COVID case levels and  may choose not to work.   So the consequences of another COVID surge in this country are not  only health consequences, but they are critical potential consequences  to our economy at a time, after 2 years, when, finally, we are seeing  some significant GDP growth and job growth and wage and salary growth.   So I would urge my colleagues, don't use a meat cleaver, when this  mask mandate is set to expire on April 18. It is barely more than a  month away. Don't use the meat cleaver to bar the CDC from taking  necessary public health action should there be a resurgence in COVID.  Instead, let's work with the CDC and see what guidance they come up  with for this April 18 deadline. That would be much better for our  public health and much better for our economy.   So for those reasons, I would urge my colleagues strongly to stand  with smart economic policy and wise public health policy and not  eliminate the ability of the Nation's premier public health Agency from  imposing a transportation mask requirement should public health demand  it.   With that, I yield the floor.   