 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the  inflation expansion act which is threatening the same industries that  it purports to help.   Washington Democrats who claim to champion electric vehicles are  pushing a bill--you are pushing this bill that will threaten an over $5  billion investment Hyundai is making in the First Congressional  District of Georgia.   Now, Mr. Speaker, this is serious. This is a $5 billion investment  that they are threatening. This will be the automaker's first dedicated  electric vehicle manufacturing plant in the United States and will  create over 8,000 jobs upon completion.   This bill's new EV tax credit discriminates against and excludes  South Korea, a key strategic trading partner and longtime ally of the  United States and may actually violate the KORUS Free Trade Agreement.   This burdensome regulation could prevent billions of dollars in  investment, thousands of jobs, and affordable electric vehicles from  coming to market in the United States.   The answer is clear: We need innovation not regulation. The private  sector is leading the charge. You are messing around with a $5 billion  investment and 8,000 jobs, Mr. Speaker. I hope that you will let my  colleagues know, Mr. Speaker.    Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong  opposition to the inflation expansion act, which includes deeply  troubling proposals that will kneecap medical innovation and harm  patients' access to cures.   Madam Speaker, for 40 years, I was behind the counter. I was the one  who had to tell the patient how much their prescription was going to  be. I was the one who witnessed the senior citizens trying to make a  decision between buying their medication or buying their groceries. I  was the one who had to tell the mother how much the antibiotic was  going to be and see her in tears trying to find the money to pay for  that antibiotic. I know all too well about prescription drug prices.   Today, I am behind the podium as my Democratic colleagues decide  whether to mortgage those same patients' health and well-being for a  political win. This is immoral, and it must be stopped.   The United States leads the world in medical innovation. I have  watched it, and I have seen it as terminal illnesses became treatable  with a simple pill. I have seen the relief on a patient's face when  they heard that a new treatment is available for their once incurable  disease. This bill eradicates hope.   Madam Speaker, we need to help lower drug prices and costs for  patients, but this legislation goes about it in all the wrong ways.  Pharmaceutical companies are the drivers of innovation that deliver  lifesaving cures to patients. However, this legislation will result in  dozens, possibly hundreds, of fewer cures over the next decade.   I tried to fix this self-imposed problem in the Rules Committee on  Wednesday, but it was rejected. I also introduced an amendment to block  the  [[Page H7689]]  Federal Government from funding radical green lobbying groups, but that  was rejected.   There is no excuse for the Federal Government to steal billions of  dollars from taxpayers, including $1.5 billion in funding for tree  equity, while inflation sits at a 40-year high.   Medical professionals are sworn to do no harm. It is time Congress  took the same oath and quit our assault on taxpayers and mostly on  patients.   Madam Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote.   