 Madam President, I come to the floor today to sadly  announce the retirement--or not retirement--my chief of staff's  decision to move on to another great opportunity, and I wanted to take  a few minutes to talk about Ted Lehman and not only the 5 years he has  been my chief of staff but the nearly 20 years he has been working in  the Senate.   Before I start, though, he attended the University of Pennsylvania,  where he got his undergrad, and then he went to Georgetown to get his  law degree. He clerked for Thomas Hogan, who was then the chief judge  of the DC District Court.   He came to the Senate about 20 years ago, in 2002. To give you some  perspective, I didn't enter the legislature in North Carolina until  2007, so he has years of experience on me. He has knowledge of the  Senate that I will never gain.   He started work with Senator Hatch. He worked for a couple of years  with Senator Sessions, and then he worked for Senator Grassley on the  Judiciary Committee. He was the chief counsel of nominations and senior  counsel for the Senate Judiciary Committee, and that is where I met  Ted.   I remember vividly, when my chief of staff at the time, Ray Starling,  told me that he was going to be moving back to North Carolina, I told  him: Great. Now find your replacement.   It was later that day that he came to me and said: What about Ted  Lehman?   I said: I think that is a fantastic idea.   Ted wasn't looking for a job, and I wondered whether or not he would  be interested in working for a freshman Senator from the State of North  Carolina. But he took that job, and he has done extraordinary work, not  only in terms of the day-to-day institutional grind that a chief has to  go through but his attention to staff--not only the DC staff but the  North Carolina staff. I think he is well-regarded among the staff, and  he is going to be sorely missed.   I also need to talk about Ted and his family. To say that it is in  the Lehman blood is an understatement. His brother Dirksen served on  the HELP Committee with Senator Jeffords. His brother Patrick is the  legislative director to Senator Sasse. He knows a lot about this  institution, and he knows a lot about its processes. The first, really,  opportunity I got to see that in action was when he was responsible for  moving Justice Gorsuch through the nominations process.   Ted has a great family--his wife Amy, his son Jackson, his oldest  son, his oldest daughter, Emma Claire, Sallye, and a young son now.  Now, Ted is not from North Carolina, and we have speculated as to why  he named his son what he did. He may say it is related to some sort of  family tradition, but I think it is no coincidence that he named his  son ``Raleigh'' after our State's capitol.   Ted is an avid hunter, fisher, outdoorsman, baseball dad, soccer  dad--all those sorts of things--and he gets the right balance. He  understands that family is as important as work, and he figures out how  to strike that balance. But there is very seldom a morning where he is  not one of the first people in, and there are so many nights where I am  the last person he sees before he goes home.   I appreciate his service. I am going to miss him.   Thank you, Ted.   I yield the floor.   