 Madam Speaker, this morning we are here to talk about  the rule for the CHIPS Act to provide $76 billion for semiconductor  manufacturing and authorizing $200 billion over 10 years for research  and innovation programs.   Now, according to a long-term budget outlook released by the  Congressional Budget Office just yesterday, our national debt sits at  $24 trillion and will rise to $138 trillion over the next three  decades. That is equivalent to $370,000 for every man, woman, and child  in the United States. Our mandatory spending over the same period would  grow from just over $4 trillion per year to over $18 trillion per year.  The CHIPS Act includes billions in new mandatory spending and billions  more that is authorized for appropriation.   We are experiencing the highest inflation in 40 years with multiple  interest rate hikes. It has been widely reported that the Federal  Reserve hiked interest rates again and with the statement that they  have no choice but to try to slow the economy in order to tame this  inflationary pressure.   And then here is the ironic part of all that, the CHIPS bill also is  the key that unlocks the door for getting the long-stalled Build Back  Better Act going over in the United States Senate.   And what does that do?   It provides billions of additional dollars of stimulus spending in  the economy. But the Federal Reserve said they have no choice but to  slow the economy.   So which is it? Is it a stimulant or a depressant?   As a medical professional, I will tell you, if you combine those two  activities, you are going to end up with something that is just goofy.  But then on top of that, there are tax increases at a time of  recession.   Even the Obama administration in 2009 and 2010 said, we can't undo  the Bush tax cuts, we have got to continue the Bush tax cuts that they  had long hoped to undo because they could not raise taxes during a  recession. And yet now we have the other body poised, basically, with  their Green New Deal to tax America back into the stone age.   I agree that semiconductors are a critical component of likely  everything we use, but we cannot put our fiscal future in further  jeopardy, especially when this funding will benefit one specific  industry. I am also concerned that the time required to ramp up the  semiconductor production will be late in trying to alleviate current  supply chain constraints. As my friend from Pennsylvania just pointed  out, when this industry self-corrects, the likelihood is there will be  too many.   Rather than provide funding to large corporations, many of whom are  already undertaking significant development efforts, let's incentivize  competitiveness in all industries and continue to promote research and  development and not raise taxes during a recession.   