 Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3962, the SECURE Notarization Act,  is a bipartisan bill that would authorize the nationwide use of remote,  online notarizations, which is simply an electronic notarization where  the party and notary are in different locations.   Society has widely adopted remote meetings, events, and even social  activities. Requirements for a signer to be physically present before a  notary are often impractical and sometimes impossible, such as with  military deployments or travel restrictions.   Remote online notarization increases the use of notarization and  allows individuals to conduct crucial business, particularly if both  parties are unable to be physically present with a notary.   This bill would provide businesses and individuals with the ability  to execute documents using two-way audiovisual communication, while  protecting consumers with multifactor authentication and tamper-evident  technology.   The bill would not replace State laws governing the authorization and  regulation of notaries public, nor would this bill alter State control  over the practice of law or commonly notarized legal papers, like  estate documents.   It would simply provide for the recognition of remote notarization  performed in interstate commerce, Federal courts, and would ensure the  recognition of remote notarizations performed under another State's  law.   This is similar to the Full Faith and Credit Clause and  implementation statutes that ensure the recognition of official  activities or judicial proceedings in another State.   Again, this has been said, but this bill has 123 cosponsors. It  proceeded through regular order. It passed the Energy and Commerce  Committee with a 56-0 vote. It also has the support of 20 organizations  like the American Land Title Association, which utilizes notaries  public on a daily basis.   Mr. Speaker, I, too, thank the gentlewoman from Pennsylvania (Ms.  Dean), my friend, for working so closely with our office and having a  lot of fun as we moved the notary bill forward. If you think having fun  on a notary bill is easy, Mr. Speaker, you have got to work at it, but  we have had a lot of fun, and I appreciate it.   