 Mr. President, we have started a new year, 2022, filled  with opportunities and possibilities. Yet, even as we contemplate new  beginnings, many things remain the same, especially when it comes to  the crimes and atrocities being carried out by the Chinese Communist  Party.   The genocide against the Uighur Muslims is still ongoing--a million  individuals enslaved. The attacks on democracy and the silencing of  free speech in Hong Kong continue. In fact, it was just announced that  one of Hong Kong's last remaining pro-democracy news outlets, Citizen  News, is shutting its doors because it cannot continue operations under  the current climate of repression under China's national security law.  In spite of all that, just 31 days from today, leaders and athletes  from across the world will gather in Beijing to celebrate the opening  ceremonies of the 2022 Winter Olympic Games.   The Olympic Games are meant to inspire and to bring people together  to build a better world, using sports to foster what the Olympic  movement describes as a peaceful society, concerned with the  preservation of human dignity, but China is not using these games to  advance human dignity; it is using the games to polish its  international image and hide its crimes and abuses. A peaceful society,  concerned with the preservation of human dignity, would not idly stand  by and allow its government to silence those who speak out for the  rights of their fellow workers. Yet we see that happening time and time  again in China.   This picture is of Fang Ran. He is a 26-year-old Ph.D. student in  Hong Kong University's Sociology Department, where he studies Chinese  labor relations and the Chinese labor movement. It is reported that  Fang, while conducting fieldwork on his thesis about labor empowerment  in China, in his hometown on the mainland last August, was taken into  custody by the Chinese authorities under the phrase ``residential  surveillance at a designated location.''   What is ``residential surveillance at a designated location''?   It is a coercive measure that allows authorities to hold individuals  for up to 6 months, with no access to lawyers and no access to family  at all.   Apparently, his research, as well as frequent social media posts  about workers' rights, sexual harassment, and the displacement of  migrant workers, put him on Beijing's radar.   According to one article, this young man roamed the factory towns of  southern China, immersing himself in workers' lives and supporting them  while they tried to strike or seek compensation for work injuries.   Even the fact that he is a loyal member of the Communist Party did  not save him from officials' ire. One of his friends said that, in the  months leading up to his disappearance, Fang had repeatedly been asked  to drink tea. ``Drink tea'' is a code word for being summoned for  questioning and harassment by Chinese security services. It has now  been 4 months since the last time he was invited to ``drink tea,'' and  he has not been seen again. He has been detained because of his  advocacy for workers in China--workers, in fact, like 31-year-old Chen  Guojiang, a gig delivery worker. Gig delivery workers were essential  during the pandemic to deliver food, groceries, and other needed items.    While delivering scores of takeout orders a day, Chen would film  short videos that showed the dangerous working conditions of the  delivery workers, and he used those videos to advocate not just for  better pay but for action against powerful Chinese e-commerce companies  that benefit from fostering dangerous work conditions. Whether he  intended it or not, this man, driving along on his electric scooter,  wearing his bright, windproof jacket, became a rarity in China--a labor  leader and organizer.   Then, suddenly, last February--almost a year ago--he disappeared.  Over the course of the COVID pandemic, a movement for labor rights had  begun to grow and gained mainstream traction, and delivery workers like  Chen, who were lifelines for untold millions, could be seen outside  every apartment building and every office building. There were symbols  of this growing movement.   So, in the eyes of the Chinese Government, individuals like Chen had  to be stopped--stopped from advocating, in even the smallest way, for  any sort of collective effort to improve the condition of Chinese  workers. So, almost a year ago, he was detained and given the catchall  charge of ``picking quarrels and provoking trouble.'' So many  dissidents in China have been detained over the last few years for  picking quarrels and provoking trouble because Chen believed, as he  said in one of his videos, that ``delivery workers are humans, too, not  robots, though the system wants to make us like cogs in a machine.''  His case is being handled with great secrecy by authorities.   About a month into his detention, friends and supporters began  collecting donations to cover his legal fees. They raised about  $20,000, but then the Chinese officials contacted every person who  donated, warning them not to help Chen. When the officials visited his  parents to deliver a notice of his detention, they demanded his father  sign the notice even though it was impossible for his father to read  what was on the notice because of several lines being smudged out. So  the father had no idea what he was actually acknowledging on that  paperwork. Chen, for advocating for improvements in worker conditions,  is facing up to 5 years in a Chinese prison.   His status and his future are unclear, but I call on the Chinese  Government: Release those you have detained, like this young man who  was working to make conditions better for workers in China.   Well, here we are, just 31 days from the start of the Winter Olympics  in China--Olympics that the International Olympic Committee says are  about a peaceful society concerned with the preservation of human  dignity.   I say to the Chinese Government: Wouldn't it be the right thing to do  for human dignity to release individuals who have simply spoken up like  these two young men did for their fellow workers?   I say to the International Olympic Committee: Wouldn't it be the  right thing for you to call on the Chinese Government to release  individuals like these two young men who have simply spoken up to  improve the condition of their fellow workers? Wouldn't that be  consistent with human dignity?   I will tell you what is not consistent with human dignity, and that  is Chinese genocide against the Uighur community, enslaving near a  million people. What is not consistent with human dignity is striking  down the free press in Hong Kong. The slogan of the Washington Post is,  ``Democracy Dies in Darkness,'' and that is the goal of the Chinese  Government--to drive a stake through the democratic rights of Hong Kong  citizens.   As we approach these games, let us not allow the Chinese Government  and the Communist Party to hide their repression behind the glitz and  glamour of Olympic Gold. Let's, instead, dedicate ourselves to calling  out, time and time again, the oppression the Chinese Government is  engaged in and demand justice that delivers human dignity.   