 Mr. Chair, I thank the distinguished chairwoman of our  committee for yielding time.   I hardly think President Donald Trump drained the swamp. He filled it  with alligators.   I rise today in support of H.R. 2988, the Whistleblower Protection  Improvement Act. I am committed to protecting, supporting, and  empowering our 2.1 million civil servants to use their acumen and  expertise to do what is right for the country.   As chairman of the Subcommittee on Government Operations, I am  intimately familiar with how whistleblowers and the inspector general  community protect our government's most valuable asset, the Federal  workforce.   The Whistleblower Protection Improvement Act would bolster  whistleblower protections, ensure due process and equitable relief, and  expand protections for more Federal employees. The bill clarifies that  no one may interfere with a Federal employee's right to provide  information to Congress, including the President of the United States.   During the Trump Presidency, we saw repeated and consistent efforts  to silence and retaliate against brave whistleblowers. In May, the  Department of Defense IG found that Trump loyalists retaliated against  Colonel Yevgeny Vindman, who bravely reported that President Trump had  an unlawful phone call with Ukrainian President Zelenskyy.   Even in the wake of a damning impeachment trial, and in full view of  the public, Mr. Trump felt emboldened to attack Active Duty  servicemembers who had the courage and common sense to expose that  extortion.   Federal employees must feel safe and supported when rooting out  waste, fraud, abuse, and corruption. We must celebrate expertise and  adherence to principles of law, transparency, and deliberation that  serve as the foundation of our democratic system. We must protect  public servants and defend the Federal merit system against partisan  interference.   I thank the chair of the Oversight Committee, Mrs. Maloney, for  sponsoring this bill and for always lifting up the subcommittee's work  on whistleblowers and inspectors general.    Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of H.R. 8326, the  Ensuring a Fair and Accurate Census Act.   When Democrats took majority in the House in 2018, I was asked what  our top oversight projects were going to be. When I said, among them,  the Census, it elicited surprise and even some laughs.   The Census is a huge dataset that underpins whether we fairly  represent Americans and how we spend the entire Federal budget.   The Trump administration and its partisan Census Bureau undermined  this critical task in March of 2018 when it planned to add a  citizenship question  [[Page H7836]]  to the Census that would have violated the Constitution and reduced  response rates, and they knew it.   I joined my colleague and friend, the late Chairman Elijah Cummings,  in leading the fight against this question. I then partnered with  Chairwoman Maloney to block the Trump administration from cutting off  the Census deadline early and excluding undocumented immigrants from  the Census count.   Our committee's dogged oversight work prevented these illegal and  immoral attempts to subvert our very democracy as enshrined in the  Constitution. However, we need permanent reforms to ensure that no  matter the President or political environment, the Census remains  apolitical. That is why we must support this act.   This bill requires the Secretary of Commerce to certify that any new  questions on the decennial Census must meet best practices standards,  and it caps the Census Bureau at three political appointees,  eliminating a President's ability to flood the Bureau with his acolytes  and loyalists.   Congress must bolster the Census Bureau now, so we are prepared for a  fair and accurate 2030 Census.   Mr. Chair, I thank Chairwoman Maloney for her leadership and for  sponsoring this bill.   