 Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition.    Mr. Speaker, for the record, it is really cold. I don't  know what y'all are planning in here, if y'all are planning on cutting  hogs or not, but it is that cold. I just want you to know, for the  record, some of the folks have complained, and I am one of them.   Mr. Speaker, Brazil and the U.S. have enjoyed a long and successful  security relationship. Both partners work together to address regional  security challenges, like terrorist activity along the tri-border area,  countering narcotics trafficking, including narcotics destined for the  United States, and the Venezuelan regime's destabilizing activities.   In fact, Brazil's military was one of the only Latin American forces  to join Allied operations during World War II; a conflict in which my  father took part in which my uncle lost his life.   This shortsighted amendment fails to recognize our partnership in  addressing our national interests and regional stability.   It unnecessarily denigrates the reputation of one of three major non- NATO allies in Latin America.   It also threatens to curtail our long history of security,  cooperation, including implementation of the DOD's Women, Peace, and  Security Initiative.   The U.S. military has long worked with their Brazilian counterparts  to address regional defense matters, premised on respect for democracy  and human rights.   We must look for ways of broadening the extensive bilateral agenda to  reach mutually beneficial outcomes.   Of course, I serve on the Foreign Affairs Committee, and I wonder why  on Earth we would not have considered that in that committee, Mr.  Speaker, at this late hour, where it is very cold; very cold.   Mr. Speaker, in order to further bring the other party to its knees  on this all-important issue, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this incredibly  ridiculous amendment. There is a reason this is the last amendment. I  feel like the opposing party is probably a little embarrassed that it  is even being brought up, the fact that we are doing it so late.   It would repeal a provision that Democrats approved last year that  simply requires the State Department to notify Congress before it  spends thousands of dollars on art for United States embassies. Most of  this art will never be seen except by the employees of the embassies.   Now, these same Democrats want to repeal this provision because they  know there is absolutely no way they can justify spending millions of  taxpayer dollars on art when inflation is at 9.1 percent, gas is nearly  $5 a gallon, and our country is on the brink of a recession.   This isn't a new thing, though, Mr. Speaker. A few years ago, I found  out the State Department spent 84,375 taxpayer dollars on a piece of  artwork designed by Bob Dylan. That might have been a bargain if it was  Hunter Biden's artwork, but it was Bob Dylan's.   During a government shutdown, while thousands of Federal employees  were struggling to make ends meet, I thought that was sickening. I  introduced a bill to prevent any tax dollars from being spent on art in  United States embassies, but it still hasn't been passed.   Over the past year, the State Department notified us it wanted to  spend over $400,000 on a sculpture of clouds in Montenegro, over  $250,000 on a mural in Mexico City, $350,000 on a mosaic in Rio, and  lots more. They should be spending zero, Mr. Speaker. Zero.   By the way, these purchasing decisions are made by an office that  employs 15 people, and many of their salaries are over $100,000 a year,  and that is a lot more than the average East Tennessean's salary, the  people that I represent.   So the bill that my friend is presenting is sunsetting, is providing  oversight in the spending of money, and you are denying Congress the  oversight that we should have. We should have the purse strings, Mr.  Speaker.   I am sick of hearing things like a million dollars here or there is  not that much. Mr. Speaker, that is so elitist, and anyone who says  that needs to check their privilege. A million dollars is a lot more  than many of my hardworking constituents will see in a lifetime.   Our government cannot justify spending that much on art, and the  Democrats know it. That is why we are trying to pass this amendment to  get the State Department off the hook from reporting it.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   