 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, in recent years, our Democratic  colleagues have taken their Washington-knows-best approach to governing  to new and, frankly, frightening levels.   Our colleagues have tried to give the IRS unprecedented authority and  manpower to snoop into the finances of virtually every American, not  just what you make but how you spend your money.   They have attempted to control what type of childcare families can  access, saying that if it is faith-based, that it is not going to  qualify for the extravagant subsidies they have proposed, and are  driving up the costs for average, hard-working Texas families.   When it comes to our Democratic colleagues and their Washington- knows-best attitude, they have tried to force every person in this  country into a one-size-fits-all healthcare system that, yes,  government controls. They have argued that the President of the United  States has the power to force all Americans, including those in the  private sector, to get a vaccine regardless of whether they have  naturally occurring antibodies as a result of having gotten COVID-19.   Now, they are mounting a Federal takeover of America's State-run  elections. That is what we will be talking about a lot this week.   As I said, this is consistent with this attitude that Washington  knows best, not parents, not teachers, not business owners, not the  workers, not even Governors, mayors, sheriffs, city councils, or local  election officials. No. Washington knows best, is their attitude.   To state the obvious, that is not how the United States of America  was designed under our Constitution. During the time of the founding,  there was a lot of discussion of whether to have a national government  or whether to have a Federal Government with the States as sovereign  entities, subject only to national laws when the Federal Government  preempted them with things like the Voting Rights Act, section 5. In  fact, our very form of government was designed with checks and balances  and dispersed authority primarily to protect the individual freedom of  ``we the people.''   Our Founders had the wisdom to devise a system of government  comprised of three separate branches--coequal--to ensure that no single  person or single institution became too powerful because, again, they  viewed it as, the more powerful that single entity or single  institution became, the less accountable they would be to the people  and the less freedom we would have to conduct our own lives as we see  fit.   But, as we know, it is not just distributed laterally among the  various branches; it is distributed vertically as well. The  Constitution makes clear that the States retain all authority not  delegated to the Federal Government. That is the Tenth Amendment to the  U.S. Constitution.   Of course, the power given to the States is sometimes set forth  explicitly. For example, the Constitution gives the States the  authority to set the time, place, and manner of elections. That is in  the Constitution itself. Others are reserved under the Tenth Amendment.    Now, make no mistake, the Federal Government has very, very important  responsibilities. When it comes to our national defense, when it comes  to regulating interstate commerce, international diplomacy, setting  taxes,  [[Page S111]]  managing our national debt and deficits, the Federal Government should  and must take the lead. But this is simply not a monarchy. It is not an  authoritarian form of government that we see in other parts of the  world. Our government is not top-down; it is bottom-up when it comes to  the distribution of powers. The Federal Government was not designed to  authorize anyone, including the President of the United States, the  authority to hand down sweeping mandates for the people of this  country.   Thomas Jefferson famously said, ``The government closest to the  people serves the people best,'' and that is how he described the  benefits of this bottom-up form of government rather than top-down,  Washington-knows-best form of government that our Democratic colleagues  seem to embrace almost across the board. For everything from healthcare  to elections, our colleagues across the aisle have attempted to make  prescriptive decisions against every State, city, and community across  the country. By ``prescriptive decisions,'' I mean to tie the hands or  to say ``jump'' and expect the States and local governments to ask  ``how high?''   But we are already beginning to see cracks in this strategy. When it  has become clear that Washington doesn't really know best, the  Democrats have another idea: Blame somebody else. Just look at the  Federal Government's response to the pandemic of COVID-19. President  Biden ran on a promise of a strong pandemic response by the Federal  Government. He promised to make free testing widely available. He  pledged to stop the misinformation that has led to widespread confusion  about the virus, and he has vowed that public health decisions would be  made by public health professionals and would not be based on political  considerations.   Looking back, it is clear the American people were sold snake oil. As  folks across the country can attest, free testing may exist, but you  can't find an appointment to get one of those tests. Rapid tests are in  short supply, and even then, the cost is too high for many families.   The information coming from the Centers for Disease Control is  providing the American people with more questions than answers. In the  words of one New York Times columnist, ``The highest-ranking public  health officials are making statements that seem more aimed at covering  up or making excuses for ongoing failures rather than leveling with the  public.''   The administration has sided with political allies instead of the  science. Last February, the CDC released a report that said schools are  not breeding grounds for COVID-19, and as long as precautions are  taken, schools can reopen safely. That was last February. But the  science was at odds with the demands of teachers unions, so the  administration refused to encourage State and local leaders to reopen  their schools.   So how is the President reacting in light of these broken promises  and a failed pandemic response?   In a debate in October 2020, then-Candidate Biden talked about the  previous administration's pandemic response and the fact that more than  220,000 Americans had died. That was in October of 2020. He said anyone  who is responsible for that many deaths should not remain President of  the United States.   Well, today, we have lost more than 830,000 of our fellow Americans  to this virus. That is nearly three times as many deaths as there were  under the previous President's watch, but President Biden isn't  stepping down. In fact, now he claims the Federal Government isn't even  responsible. Just a couple of weeks ago, President Biden pushed  responsibility on to the States, saying there is no Federal solution;  this gets solved at the State level. This is enough to give you  whiplash--the radically changing, diametrically opposed positions of  this administration and the President of the United States.    As it turns out, our colleagues only want Big Government when Big  Government is consistent with their political objectives. If the  promise of a strong Federal response to a deadly pandemic can help them  win an election, well, they are all for it, but when they fail to plan  and execute a strong response, they are quick to pass the  responsibility and the blame on to someone else.   Well, our Federal form of government isn't a system that can be gamed  to benefit politicians when it is convenient and skirt responsibility  when things go awry, but, unfortunately, that looks like where we are  today, and the Democrats clearly view the calculus as leaning in their  favor when it comes to their election takeover bills that we will be  voting on this week.   Our colleagues have made repeated attempts to overhaul our Nation's  elections and give the Federal Government unprecedented power to manage  America's elections.   There was a Pew poll taken on November 20, 2020, asking people  whether they found, in the election, it was easy or hard to vote, and  94 percent of the respondents said they found it either extremely easy  or easy to vote--94 percent in the last election of November 2020.   In Texas, we had 11.3 million people vote--66 percent of registered  voters--which was a consistent percentage across the country. There  were historic turnouts in the election. Yet our Democratic colleagues  want to fix a system that is not broken because it allows everyone, of  every political stripe, of every race, of every ethnicity, and of every  background, an equal opportunity to cast a ballot.   In Texas, you can vote for up to 2 weeks before election day itself,  in person--2 weeks. The Justice Department has sued Texas, saying that  it somehow discriminates against people getting access to the ballot.  That is a lawsuit that the Justice Department will lose because the  facts simply do not demonstrate it.   Again, 94 percent of the people in this Pew poll of November 20,  2020, after the last election, said they found it either extremely easy  or easy to cast their ballot. So our Democratic colleagues are simply  flying into a headwind when it comes to their argument that, somehow,  it is not easy to cast your ballot.   But there are some places where it is easier to vote than in others.  For example, it is easier to vote in Georgia and in Texas under current  law than it has been in the President's State of Delaware, which, until  this year, did not allow any early voting in person. You don't hear the  majority leader and you don't hear Democratic colleagues talking about  States like Delaware, which offered, until this year, zero opportunity  for early voting in person; whereas Texas and Georgia, even after the  election reforms they passed, still offer 2 weeks of early in-person  voting.   So our Democratic colleagues' explanation has changed over time. They  argue that Washington knows best and that all of the State-run  elections should be subsumed into a Federal system of elections. At one  point, they said it was a matter of election security. Then they said:  Well, no; it is really about voter confidence. Then they said, which  is, I think, their current position, that only a national system can  remove obstacles that prevent people from voting.   Well, when I said this was a solution in search of a problem, I was  referring to that November 20, 2020, poll wherein 94 percent of the  respondents said they found it easy to vote or very easy to vote.  Clearly, again, our Democratic colleagues are looking for a problem or  have offered a solution in search of a problem.   Among the proposals they have made, this is not about just making it  easier to vote and harder to cheat; they are saying that this is  somehow in response to the horrific attacks that occurred on the  Capitol on January 6 of last year. They just keep throwing the  spaghetti on the wall to see what sticks. For example, among the many  proposed changes that they have offered, they say they want to turn the  bipartisan Federal Election Commission into a Democratic-controlled,  partisan commission, and then they want to seize the authority given  under the Constitution for the States to draw their own congressional  lines, instead handing all power to an unelected and unaccountable  redistricting commission.    They have also tried to mandate ballot harvesting on the States--a  practice that allows paid campaign staff and political operatives to  collect mail-in ballots, to perhaps go by the local nursing home and  collect ballots from folks in the nursing home and to  [[Page S112]]  turn them in. This has been shown to be a recipe for mischief and  election fraud. Yet they want to institutionalize it, and they want to  say that the States cannot prohibit it.   These proposals would do more to protect our Democratic colleagues'  jobs than to safeguard American voting rights.   What really concerns me and, I imagine, the American people as they  learn more and more about what is in these bills is how much damage the  Democratic Party is willing to do in order to secure a partisan  victory. Not only are our colleagues trying to seize the authority  given under the Constitution to the States to manage their own  elections, they are willing to take a wrecking ball to the U.S. Senate  itself and particularly the Senate rules. Somehow, protecting the  foundation of our democracy has turned into ignoring the Constitution  and blowing up this institution.   I need to clarify that not all 50 Senate Democrats are on board with  this plan. Thank goodness, two of our colleagues have been clear in  their outright opposition to eliminating or weakening the filibuster-- the requirement that legislation, before it passes, must have  bipartisan support rather than purely partisan bills like our  Democratic colleagues want to pass without any support on the  Republican side.   While there are two of our Senate colleagues from West Virginia and  Arizona who have been public about their opposition to blowing up the  Senate and to breaking Senate rules in order to accomplish a partisan  objective, I imagine there are others unnamed who share the same  concerns privately.   I hope our friends on the other side of the aisle will remain  steadfast in their commitment to our Constitution and the norms and  rules of this institution. If our colleagues are willing to go this far  in the pursuit of raw political power, I would hate to think about how  they would use it if they were to succeed.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   