 Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend for  yielding, and I thank both Ranking Member McCaul and Chairman Meeks for  their extraordinary leadership on this important bill that is before us  today.   I want to thank Mr. Meeks for his eloquent remarks a moment ago  summarizing the absolute atrocities that are being committed by  Vladimir Putin, his military, and Lukashenko who is the enabler, the  President of Belarus. The gentleman has described in vivid detail just  how horrific this is. And as my good friend from Texas said a moment  ago, my father fought in World War II as well in the South Pacific, but  the crimes that were committed by imperial Japan and by the Nazis are  now being replicated on a grand scale by Vladimir Putin. It has to  stop, and it has to stop yesterday. So I rise in strong support of this  legislation.   Madam Speaker, on March 8 I chaired a hearing at the Tom Lantos Human  Rights Commission entitled ``Accountability for Russia's War Crimes and  Aggression Against Ukraine.'' The day before I also introduced a  resolution calling for accountability for Vladimir Putin for his crimes  against the Ukrainian people and his aggression against Ukraine.   The witnesses could not have been more clear that delay is denial and  that we need to act now.   I was very much involved with the court in the former Yugoslavia and  very involved with the court for Sierra Leone. David Crane led that  effort. I was very involved with the Rwandan court and tried to get a  court for Syria but failed. I pushed hard for it with a resolution on  this floor, and the House did pass it.   But the key here is timeliness. Don't wait.   The ICC, while it may do some good here, and they do have an  investigation that they have instituted, the ICC has been notoriously  slow. They have had less than 10 convictions over 20 years. Now, if  that venue works, great. But my concern--and I think the concern shared  by many, particularly in the NGO community--is that there needs to be  another venue stood up quickly that could make the difference.   At the March hearing, David Crane, the founding Chief Prosecutor of  the U.N. Special Court for Sierra Leone, talked about an international  tribunal created by the United Nations General Assembly. We are all  thinking, Hey, when it gets to the Security Council, the Security  Council will have two vetoes at least. It will be Russia, and it will  be China. Not so in the General Assembly. They can stand up a court and  they can do it tomorrow that would indict Vladimir Putin on the next  day.   There is certainly enough evidence--keep building the evidence, of  course--but there is enough evidence to do it right now, and that,  hopefully, will tell everybody around him that the time will come when  you will be in the dock as well.   I remember meeting with Slobodan Milosevic in Serbia and going to  Bosnia and Croatia many times during that horrific war in the Balkans.  Time and time again he thought he was untouchable, total impunity  because of that. He killed so many because there was no accountability.  Well, he went to The Hague as part of the ad hoc tribunal, and he died  while the proceedings were underway. But he would have been held to  account.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this. We have already  had one vote in the General Assembly, 141 out of 198 voted and a number  of people abstained. You only need a simple majority.   I did ask our number two at the State Department, at   Gregory Meeks'  hearing earlier today, to take back to the administration the idea of  looking at all the venues. But let's get a court constituted  immediately. If the ICC wants to step in at some point, fine. But  indict Putin. Indict him, and you will see some people running like  rats on the ship who were a part of his regime knowing that they, too,  will be held accountable and sent to prison for the rest of their  lives.   