 Mr. President, at 5:30 p.m. on September 11, 2001, members  of Indiana Task Force One left Indianapolis to head to New York City.  Task Force One is our State's search and rescue squad, made up of our  bravest and most selfless first responders who deploy around the  country in times of emergency.   In the caravan to Ground Zero that day was Mark Rapp. Mark was a  founding member of Task Force One. He was a hero's hero, a rescuer's  rescuer. On March 4, 2022, Chief Mark Rapp died after a courageous  battle with lung cancer.   Mark, who was known by the nickname ``Bum''--that is right, ``Bum  Rapp''--served the city of Indianapolis as a firefighter for 37 years.  He retired as a battalion chief of training in 2017.   In 1993, Mark received the Medal of Bravery for the risky rescue of a  small child from a dangerous apartment fire. He is also a recipient of  the American Red Cross Heroism Award, the Operations Firefighter of the  Year Award, and the Peer Leadership Award for his work as a role model  for the force.   For 10 years, he led the Indianapolis Fire Department's Clothe-A- Child Program, wherein young people in need shop for clothing alongside  a firefighter; and Mark was a deeply involved father. He built a log  cabin in the Outdoor Lab at Indian Creek Elementary School. For over 20  years, he worked on the ``chain gang'' at Lawrence North High School  football games. His sons, Mark, Jr., and Greg, eventually worked  alongside him as firefighters.   As a member of Task Force One, Mark was deployed to assist in the  aftermath of several natural disasters, including Hurricanes Gustav and  Ike in 2008. He was also a certified rescue diver.   In September 2001, Mark spent 10 days at Ground Zero, leading Indiana  Task Force One through the night shift during nonstop search and rescue  efforts. It is believed that the lung cancer that ultimately claimed  Mark's life could be traced to the toxins he inhaled in 2001. Nearly  half of the 65 Task Force One members who were deployed to the World  Trade Center in 2001 have reported illnesses related to their work.  Mark was the fifth to have died from those illnesses.   On behalf of the people of Indianapolis, the Hoosiers, and the  American people, we thank Mark Rapp, Sr., for his courage, bravery, and  leadership; and our prayers are with Nancy, his wife, his three  children, and all of those who love him.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   