 Mr. President, on Monday, these Chambers will be empty,  but our hearts will be full because we will be joining the American  people in commemorating a historic moment in our Nation's story-- Juneteenth, the formal end of slavery in the United States.   One year ago today, we stood together, across party lines, to pass  this legislation to memorialize this important day as a Federal  holiday. Though we celebrate this anniversary today, on  [[Page S2952]]  Monday, communities across our Nation have been marking Juneteenth for  more than 150 years.   The celebration of Juneteenth dates back to June 19, 1865, when Union  soldiers led by Major General Gordon Granger traveled to Galveston, TX,  with the announcement that the Civil War had ended and that the  enslaved were now free.   This was 2\1/2\ years after the date of President Lincoln's  Emancipation Proclamation. Either the news of Lincoln's order had not  reached many, including those in Texas, or local officials refused to  enforce the Emancipation Proclamation.   Decades later, I introduced, along with my partners in service,  Senators Cory Booker and Tina Smith and Representative Sheila Jackson  Lee, the Juneteenth National Independence Day Act to honor the day that  these Americans took their first steps into freedom and finally made  Juneteenth a Federal holiday.   On June 17, 2021, I was honored to stand with Vice President Kamala  Harris, Senator Smith, Representative Jackson Lee, Senator Cornyn,  Senator Warnock, and Ms. Opal Lee, while President Biden signed the  National Juneteenth Independence Day Act into law.   And why do I mention Ms. Opal Lee? Well, because she is the  grandmother of the Juneteenth movement, who fought for years to make  Juneteenth a Federal holiday, from Fort Worth, TX, an activist, an  educator, who walked 2\1/2\ miles every day, fighting for the United  States to finally have Juneteenth a Federal holiday. And at the age of  94, she saw that become a reality in the White House.   And in doing so, Juneteenth finally took its rightful place amongst  other Federal holidays so that all Americans in all States can  celebrate Juneteenth just like they celebrate Memorial Day. The same  way they celebrate Martin Luther King Day, they now celebrate  Juneteenth.   Juneteenth is a holiday that requires us to remember, reflect, and  recommit to the principles that undergird our Nation, liberty and  justice for all, but that we have never fully embodied.   We continue to strive to live up to these principles today. Systemic  discrimination and mistreatment of Black and Brown Americans still  permeates our society--from our criminal justice system to our schools,  to our healthcare systems, that is why it is so important that we can  learn from our past and honor the heroes in our history who have bent  the moral arc of our Nation toward justice.   We face a long road toward justice and equality in the United States,  and for us to move forward, that path must be lit with the recognition  of our Nation's history.   Juneteenth is our Nation's history. Disparities and injustices  reflect the unfulfilled promise of a nation built upon the notion that  all people are created equal.   And it has roots in our Nation's original sin--slavery--a crime  against humanity that we have for far too long failed to fully  acknowledge or to address.   In commemorating Juneteenth as a Federal holiday, we will not fulfill  our obligation to right all these wrongs or fix what remains broken,  but it is the truth of our history. We must read these missing chapters  to understand our national story of freedom and independence.   And right now, in red States across the country, extremists don't  want us to learn from our own history. They are burning books and  threatening schoolteachers in an attempt to stop our young people from  understanding our Nation's past and how it sheds light on our present.   These extremists are afraid that learning about our Nation's history,  including many dark chapters as well as the many triumphs, is a threat.  And instead of empowering our children to learn from their example,  they wish to silence the stories of the brave women and men who have  fought for racial equality, and those who continue to fight today  follow in that tradition.   Critics say that this discourse will divide us, but that couldn't be  less true. More than 150 years since the freeing of the last slaves in  America, our Nation stands at a crossroads on our path to racial  justice and equality.   We must recognize our wrongs, acknowledge the pain, acknowledge the  suffering of generations of slaves and their descendants, and  understand the structures of inequity that continue to oppress  communities of color and, importantly, learn how the freedom fighters  of yesterday and today embody the truest values of our Nation.   We have them to thank for our march toward a more perfect Union, but  there is more work to be done. As Ms. Opal Lee said when talking about  Juneteenth as a unifier, ``I truly believe that we can do so much more  together rather than apart.''   Together, thanks to the work of this Chamber and so many Americans  across our Nation who have fought to tell the full story of our past,  Americans will commemorate Juneteenth on Monday.   In doing so, we will join with one another in honoring our past and  recommitting to the work which lies ahead.   I yield the floor.   