 Madam President, at a time when Vladimir Putin is  killing Ukrainians, my Democratic colleagues want to kill more unborn  American children for any reason up until the moment the baby takes its  first breath--up until the moment the baby takes its first breath.  Indeed, this bill should be called the ``Abortion on Demand Until Birth  Act.''   This is the most egregious, horrific attack on the lives of unborn  children and the health of moms in American history. In fact, if my  Democratic colleagues had their way, this baby whom I delivered years  ago could have been murdered--aborted--the moment prior to this  cesarean section.   Listen, just for a moment, to what this bill would do.   No. 1, it goes far and beyond Roe v. Wade by invalidating State laws  that protect the unborn child and the health and the well-being of  moms. It would likely lead to taxpayer-funded abortions at home and  abroad.   It would tie up faith-based hospitals in courts for their not  offering abortion services.   This bill fully blows open the door to sex-based abortions.   It eliminates the requirement for informed consent or parental  consent.   It eliminates conscience protections. I can tell you, as a physician  myself, I wouldn't be surprised if half of the medical students in the  Nation and half of the nursing students in the Nation would quit  medical school or nursing school if they were going to be forced into  participating in abortions.   This bill has a total disregard for women's health. Instead of the  standards of a surgery center, this bill would allow for these services  to be offered in a garage or in a backroom apartment.   The bill provides the right to provide abortions by any healthcare  provider. No longer would it take a physician to do abortions. It would  allow nurse midwives, nurse practitioners, and physician assistants to  do abortions.    I had to take care of women who had gone through miscarriages at  every gestational age. This is not a job for a nurse midwife, a  physician assistant, a nurse practitioner. Before we would let  residents take care of this type of a miscarriage, they would have gone  through 4 years of medical school, and they would have been, most  likely, in their second or third year of training before we would have  entrusted them with this type of procedure. Again, for a woman who has  had a miscarriage, the risks of infection, of hemorrhage, and creating  infertility are too great.   This bill would allow States to go unrestricted as to any type of  telehealth abortions--abortion by phone. In my opinion, it is  malpractice to prescribe such a medicine without examining the patient,  seeing how big the uterus is, seeing what the size of the baby is. This  procedure is wrought with complications. I am the person who had to  take care of those complications. Wichita, KS, was home to one of the  biggest abortion clinics in the country, and just 2 hours down the road  was Great Bend. Time after time, patients would show up in our  emergency room with complications from the procedure or this pill.   I never--I never, ever--imagined, when I would come to the Senate,  that I would be fighting harder on the Senate floor to save the lives  of moms and babies than I did in the emergency room and the delivery  room.   Before I close, I want to say a heartfelt thanks to all of the pro- life advocates across the country who have worked so hard, especially  those folks who are part of Kansans for Life and all the pro-life  advocates in Kansas who have worked so hard to pass previous  legislation to protect the lives of moms and unborn babies that this  bill would wipe out with one swoop. I am so proud of the Kansans for  Life and their advocacy of the Value Them Both amendment--again,  protecting the life of the mom and the baby.   Our work is not done yet. We can't let up. We have more work to do. I  can promise you I have only just begun to fight to protect the lives of  unborn babies and to protect the health and well-being of mothers.   I urge my colleagues tonight to vote no on this most extreme anti- life legislation.   I yield the floor.   