 Mr. President, in reserving the right to object, if the  Senator from Florida's bill were to pass, it would make routine  domestic spending bills nearly impossible to be passed in the U.S.  Senate, freezing spending at current levels.   I worry that the Senator from Florida believes the false impression  that inflation does not impact the millions of Americans who benefit  from nondefense discretionary programs. These are people who have to go  to work every single day and try to figure out if they are going to  have enough money to put groceries on their table. This bill would make  things worse for the American people, not better.   As an example, this year, the cost of the veterans medical care  system is expected to grow by $21 billion. We have all heard the  patriotic speeches of how we stand behind our veterans when they answer  the call, but I wonder how many VA hospitals and clinics in Florida  would have to be closed if this proposal were to be approved. I know  there are a lot all over the country that would have to be closed.   Natural gas costs have grown by 35 percent this year. Do any of us  who may be from a State where the weather can get warm want to tell our  constituents who rely on the LIHEAP program to cool their homes ``No,  you don't need air conditioning because the money is not going to be  there''?   If Florida is struck by another hurricane this summer and the Senator  from Florida's constituents look to FEMA for fuel, food, and water,  will the Senator tell his constituents ``Sorry. Inflation was too high.  You are on your own. We can't respond to that emergency''?   In 2017, Members on the other side of the aisle lined up to vote for  a $1.9 trillion tax cut for the wealthy--a tax cut that I believe has  contributed to the inflation we now see in the country. There is  nothing in this request to roll back those tax cuts. So I object.    I object.    Mr. President, in reserving the right to object--and I  will--I think back over the years to some of the debates.   I remember, during the Reagan administration, when we heard so many  speeches from President Reagan and his supporters on how they had to  balance the budget. He did this at a time when he doubled and tripled  the national debt, all the time telling everybody how they were  balancing the budget.   Then I heard the objections to President Clinton's budget, saying  that it didn't do the wonderful things that the Reagan budget did even  though, of course, it gave the United States the first surplus it had  had in decades.   Every so often, reality catches up with rhetoric, and because of  that, I object.    Mr. President, one of the ways you try to save money is,  again, not with rhetoric but with reality.   I would urge everybody to join with us on both sides of the aisle who  are working to get our appropriations bills together so we can reflect  the actual needs and go forward with that. Again, rhetoric is easy;  reality is a tad more difficult.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   