 Mr. President, I am honored to be here with Senator  Heinrich to recognize a friend, a mentor, and a true American hero. I  rise today to honor and pay my respects to a great American hero and  friend we recently lost.   Hiroshi ``Hershey'' Miyamura was born on October 6, 1925, to Yaichi  and Tori Miyamura in Gallup, NM. In growing up in a household of seven  children, Hershey's parents left their homeland of Japan to settle in  New Mexico in the hopes of creating a better life for their children.  While he never thought of himself as a serious student, Mom and Dad  hoped he would be. As a child, Hershey's mind was otherwise occupied  with tales of Hopalong Cassidy riding on his steed--the larger-than- life-hero who saves the day.   He later remarked in life that he always liked ``the good guys'' on  and off the big screen. This is why it did not surprise anyone when  Hershey's determined perseverance to join the U.S. Army finally became  a reality. This dream became possible when the Federal Government  created a battalion of mostly Japanese Americans during the Second  World War.   In a time when prejudice toward Japanese Americans was at an alltime  high, Hershey remained firm in his conviction that he would serve under  the flag and country his parents worked so hard to make their home,  refusing to let tolerance extinguish his desire to serve our Nation at  the highest level.   Hershey joined the Army shortly before Japan's surrender in World War  II, training as a machine gunner--a job he excelled at. When the Korean  war began, he was recalled to service. As a corporal, he was entrusted  as a squad leader in the Second Battalion, Seventh Infantry Regiment,  Third Infantry Division.   Even in the fog of war, Hershey was focused and selfless. He never  lost sight of the friends he served alongside with. His fellow  Americans were at the heart of everything he did.   Fighting with the bayonet secured at the end of his rifle during a  nighttime ambush by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Hershey  ordered his squadron back to safer grounds, providing first-aid  treatment when he could. Staying behind to cover their withdrawal,  Corporal Miyamura fought off over 50 enemy troops before he was badly  wounded and captured.   For the next 28 months, he was a prisoner of war--all the while, his  wife Terry did not know if her husband was dead or alive. Hershey  suffered tremendously during this time. It is an agony that is almost  impossible to imagine, and the strength of Hershey and Terry represents  the very best that we all have, the very best in each of us.   On the day of his release from the prisoner-of-war camp, Hershey  would recall that day with pristine detail: the first sight of the  Star-Spangled Banner blowing in the breeze, knowing that he was almost  home.   Returning to Gallup, NM, Hershey was greeted by a beaming crowd of  family and friends, and military flyovers welcomed him home. For a  moment, he was lost, but he was never forgotten.   Hershey would go on to be awarded the Medal of Honor, our Nation's  highest military declaration for valor, by President Dwight Eisenhower,  a revered figure Hershey looked up to as a tested and admired World War  II general.   After the war, he worked hard in Gallup as an auto mechanic and small  business owner, doing what he could to send his three kids off to  college. He lived out the last days of his life just as he lived the  first days of his life, as a source of joy and light.   A soft-spoken and honest man, Hershey Miyamura witnessed the deepest  evil and yet still chose joy. He chose to be a source of light to all  who knew and loved him.   Hershey continued to tell and retell his story to future generations  with humility and that ever-present smile, beaming ear to ear.   I want to remark on the clarity and sharpness he had, seemingly  unfazed by the years that aged him. Talking with him and learning about  his legacy of service was like being taken back to the dirt roads of  South Korea alongside him. Hershey's experiences never left him.   As for all the western cowboys and the Hollywood ``good guys'' he  dreamed of as a child, I think it is fair to say Hershey far surpassed  them and turned himself into a larger than life, real American war  hero.   Hershey passed away 2 weeks ago. He was the second-to-last living  Korean war Medal of Honor recipient. His legacy and impenetrable faith  will live on through all of us who loved him and know him, who have the  honor of continuing to tell his story.   I would encourage everyone across America to learn this story and to  lift Hershey up.   Hershey is survived by his sons, Mike and Pat; his daughter Kelly;  his granddaughters, Megan, Marisa, and Madison; his grandson Ian; his  five great-grandchildren; his sisters, Michiko, Suzi, and Shige.   May God watch over and bless his family.   I yield the floor.   