 Madam President, I, along with my colleagues who have  spoken before me, am proud to be able to work on a very sensitive issue  in a very collaborative and bipartisan fashion.   We did it in a way that was always respectful of the fact that many  Americans come from different walks of life and many diverse beliefs  and viewpoints.   We know that nearly a million Americans are already committed to  same-sex marriages who simply want long-term certainty--not only the  million who are already committed to same-sex marriages but the  millions of people who attended the ceremonies, their friends, and  their family.   As we went through this bill, we listened to the very sincere  concerns of Americans with strongly held religious beliefs who simply  wanted to make sure that Congress protects their First Amendment  rights, especially the freedom of religion.   By casting politics aside and working hard behind the scenes over the  past several months, we managed to strike a balance with this  legislation. There will be permanent certainty for same-sex couples,  and they can rest easy knowing their families are secure. And there  will be robust protections for churches, religious organizations,  protections that are more robust and expansive than currently exist in  Federal law.   I want to talk a little bit about the compromise we reached and what  it will mean for our constituents who voiced their concerns over the  past few months. This bill protects religious liberty and conscience  protections available under the Constitution and Federal law, including  the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, commonly referred to as RFRA.  This bill cannot be used to diminish or repeal any such protection.   The bill also makes clear that no religious organization will be  required to provide any services for the celebration of a same-sex  marriage. Simply put, that means that no church or religious  organization will be required to perform, recognize, or celebrate same- sex marriages.   We also took steps to protect the tax-exempt status of religious  nonprofit organizations. We didn't leave anything ambiguous. We  included language that guarantees the bill cannot be used to deny or  alter any benefit, right, or status of any otherwise eligible person or  entity. This includes tax-exempt status, tax treatment, grants,  educational funding, loans, scholarships, licenses, and certifications.  Put together, the Respect for Marriage Act essentially preserves the  status quo we have had in our country for the last 7 years, since the  Supreme Court ruling.   Same-sex couples will continue to have the right to get married, now  without the fear of government intervention, and churches and religious  organizations will continue to operate and worship free from government  interference.   This is a good compromise. It is one that is based on mutual respect  for our fellow Americans, protecting the rights of Americans who may  have different lifestyles or different viewpoints. I am proud of the  work we did with this bill. I am looking forward to voting yes on it.  And I am grateful for the leadership of so many people who were  involved. Of course, Senator Collins, Senator Portman, Senator Baldwin,  and Senator Sinema. But I also want to thank  [[Page S6724]]  the Church of Latter-day Saints, the Seventh-day Adventists, the  Council for Christian Colleges and Universities that represents 150  different religious institutions of higher learning here in the United  States alone, and they have operations abroad, and the National  Association of Evangelicals, the Center for Public Justice and its  Institutional Religious Freedom Alliance.   I believe this is a good bill, and bipartisan bills in any  environment are difficult. And I think it is why it was so important we  came together, had the courage to work together, recognized the  viewpoints at either end of the spectrum, and came up with a carefully  crafted compromise that I believe is good for all Americans.   And I look forward to everybody voting in favor of it. We will have  some opposition, but at the end of the day, I think we will prevail.  And that is a message to so many people out there who want this done.   I yield the floor.   