 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend and colleague  for yielding. And I also want to thank my distinguished colleagues on  both sides for the conversation at the Rules Committee.   I want to speak for a few moments, Mr. Speaker, as somebody who has  spent 35 years in the restaurant business, owning and managing  restaurants in California, small businesses that were vital to the  communities where they were; and how important they are to restart Main  Street America in every district; the multipliers of having restaurants  open, and the difficulty and the cash flow of a small business like  this, and why this initiative is so important.   The Bureau of Labor Statistics estimates that in 2019, there were  12.1 million people employed in the restaurant and food service  industry. So many of those people immediately lost their jobs and their  incomes with no warning when the pandemic hit. In April of 2020 alone,  the restaurant industry lost 5\1/2\ million jobs.   Through the American Rescue Plan, we established the Restaurant  Revitalization Fund, which provided $28.6 billion in emergency  assistance to eligible restaurants, bars, and qualifying businesses  impacted by the pandemic.   Although this program helped more than 100,000 restaurants and food  and beverage businesses across the country, in every district, the  program received applications of nearly three times the amount of money  that it had to give out. We cannot overlook the obvious need.   The Relief for Restaurants and Other Hard Hit Small Businesses Act,  H.R. 3807, would inject $42 billion to allow the Small Business  Administration to process the applications of over 150,000 eligible  entities that previously applied for relief.   I met and talked to many of my former colleagues in the business who  have applied for these funds and they speak very positively about their  experience and how helpful it was to get them through the pandemic. It  helps these small businesses. Through the pandemic, at least 40 percent  of pandemic-related revenue loss was suffered by businesses with fewer  than 200 employees.   Again, as a former restaurant owner myself, I have seen how  restaurants can bring communities together. We owe it to these local  business entrepreneurs, these owners, and millions of workers who  depend on this help, to pass this important bill.   