 Madam President, I rise today to call attention to a  very serious issue and potential crisis that seems to be unfolding  right under our eyes and under the radar. Right now, many, many  communities across our country are facing a huge shortage of children's  painkillers, like Children's Tylenol, and antibiotics, like  amoxicillin.   We are in the middle of flu season and in an unusually bad year for  RSV, a virus that can be especially tough on young children. As parents  head to pharmacies to get medicines to help their sick kids and to make  them feel better, they are seeing very empty shelves across our  country.   My staff is hearing from folks daily about the problems that they are  seeing trying to find these medicines, both over-the-counter and  prescription.   David, a pharmacist from Andalusia, AL, told that ``currently [they]  cannot order multiple antibiotics commonly used for pediatric patients,  including amoxicillin.'' He is also unable to order pain medicine like  Tylenol and Advil. It is not available.   You can't even order it, much less get it. David was told by his  wholesaler that the supply of medication simply does not exist, as we  speak--and this is in the middle of a very serious flu and cold season  all throughout our country.   Another pharmacist, Dennis from Opelika, AL, faces the same problem  and described the potentially dire nature of the shortage. He told me:  ``This can rapidly''--and is rapidly--``turning into a serious  situation among the most vulnerable population,'' which is ``our  children.''   Worse is what some desperate but well-meaning parents are turning to  in order to provide their children some help. Moms and dads who can't  find kids' medicines are choosing to give their children smaller doses  of adult medicine instead. Doctors are warning constantly against this  in the strongest possible terms--a warning we should be sharing far and  wide: Children's medicine is specifically designed for the developing  of young bodies.   But parents with sick children don't have time to drive from town to  town to search for these medicines. This crisis is developing across  the country, and we should not wait for it to get worse before doing  something about it. We cannot allow this situation to turn into the  baby formula crisis.    While this medication shortage will, no doubt, require a short-term  solution, I want to take a minute to highlight an important long-term  solution to these supply chain problems.   We need to produce pharmaceuticals in the United States. Very little  of that happens today. The United States has every capability to be  able to produce essential goods right here at home. The pandemic showed  us the very serious consequences of depending on imports for things  that we need to  [[Page S7813]]  survive, especially from adversaries like China. Congress and the rest  of the Federal Government should do what we can do to boost domestic  production in medicine and medical supplies. It has to be done. We  can't wait.   Along with essential goods like fuel and critical minerals,  pharmaceuticals are vital to national security. We cannot allow our  adversaries to hold their supplies over our heads as a bargaining tool,  and that is exactly what they are doing as we speak.   I hope my time on the floor today has opened some eyes to the  children's medical shortage. The dangers of foreign independence are  getting worse every day.   To every parent in Alabama and across our country, we are listening,  and we want you to listen to the advice of your doctors. Always check  with medical professionals before giving your children any medicine,  and hopefully, in the near future, this body can help solve this  problem and move our suppliers from international to domestic.   I yield the floor.   