 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from South Carolina for  his leadership on the Foreign Affairs Committee, his leadership in the  Congress, and his advocacy for the free people of Ukraine.   Mr. Speaker, as the United States, our NATO allies, and other allies  respond to Vladimir Putin's unprovoked and brutal attack on the free,  sovereign, and independent nation of Ukraine, we must assess the many  ways in which Russia is seeking to evade sanctions. That includes the  extent to which Russia is turning to China to enable its aggression.   Mr. Speaker, the unholy alliance between the Chinese Communist Party  and the authoritarian oligarchs running the Kremlin is a serious threat  to the United States and our allies. It is enabling this illegal  aggression against Ukraine.   On February 4, Russia and the CCP released a joint statement  following a meeting with Vladimir Putin and Xi Jinping outlining a  strategic partnership with ``no limits.''   Following Russia's illegal invasion of Ukraine, China refused to  condemn Russia's gross violation of international law. China has  continued to be silent while Russia targets and kills innocent women,  children, and civilians in Ukraine.   Instead of condemning Putin's war crimes, the CCP is rewarding them.  On February 28, after the invasion, the CCP struck a massive deal with  the Russian energy company Gazprom. Gazprom will deliver 50 billion  cubic meters of natural gas per year to the CCP under the agreement.   Mr. Speaker, it is time for the United States to confront this new  axis of evil  [[Page H4527]]  head-on. My legislation, the Assessing Xi's Interference and Subversion  Act, or the AXIS Act, requires the U.S. State Department to submit an  ongoing report to Congress detailing the CCP's support for Russia  before and since the invasion of Ukraine. This includes troubling  reports about CCP efforts to assist Russia in evading the effects of  international sanctions.   The AXIS Act also requires the State Department to submit its first  report to Congress within 30 days of the bill being enacted and 90 days  thereafter. I plan on receiving a commitment from Secretary Blinken at  tomorrow's Foreign Affairs Committee hearing that he will comply with  this deadline.   I thank my Democratic and Republican colleagues on the House Foreign  Affairs Committee, including Chairman Meeks and Ranking Member McCaul,  for their support. I thank my friend from Minnesota for his support of  this legislation, and I thank my friend from South Carolina, as well,  for helping us unanimously pass this bill out of committee.   The threat that this new axis of evil poses to the United States is  not a Republican one or a Democratic one. It is an American one. This  full report on the Russia-CCP alliance will inform the American public  and enable lawmakers to begin positioning the United States to overcome  this geopolitical challenge.   As a member of the House China Task Force, and with my strong belief  that freedom must be defended from the aggression of authoritarians,  like this invasion that we have seen, we must confront it; we must  repel it; and we must call it out when we see it. That is why I urge  all of my colleagues in the House to vote ``yes.''   