 Madam Speaker, I rise to oppose the previous question so  that we can immediately consider H.R. 6858, the American Energy  Independence from Russia Act, which I am proud to cosponsor with my  colleagues, Representatives McMorris Rodgers and Westerman.   The national average price for a gallon of gasoline today is $5 and  climbing. Let that sink in. It is $5 and going up. Diesel fuel is  skyrocketing at an even scarier rate.   This is a self-imposed crisis on the American people. As a candidate,  Joe Biden pledged again and again to ban development on America's  Federal lands and waters. He followed through  [[Page H5504]]  on that promise, with the House Democrats following suit no matter the  pain they cause Americans at the pump, no matter the costs they impose  on businesses reliant on shipping, trucking, and more.   In contrast, we Republicans are here offering solutions. H.R. 6858  takes away Joe Biden's power to ruin our energy security and our  economy by prohibiting harmful drilling bans. The bill creates a  minimum number of annual lease sales, both onshore and offshore. It  reauthorizes the Keystone XL pipeline so we can resume moving energy  throughout our country.   Democrats here are calculating that, to reduce emissions, it is a  necessary evil to make gas expensive for Americans and punish the  middle class.   Madam Speaker, let me tell you why that is dead wrong. Under  President Trump, when we were net exporters of American energy, we  averaged emission reductions of 2.5 percent every year. Under President  Biden, his first year in office, we saw a 6 percent jump in domestic  emissions.   These policies Democrats push every day, again, are punishing the  American families, the American workers, and the American middle class.  It makes it harder for businesses to turn a profit. It is the leading  cause of why our economy officially became a bear market just  yesterday.    Biden's solution? Trips to Venezuela and Saudi Arabia, pleading with  communists and human rights violators to bail him out of a problem that  he caused. Let that sink in. He is going to Venezuela and Saudi Arabia,  pleading with communists and human rights violators to bail him out of  a problem that he caused.    Madam Speaker, it does not have to be this way. We can  bring gas prices down with Republican solutions.   As the ranking member of the Energy and Mineral Resources  Subcommittee, I call on my colleagues in this body today to do the  right thing and vote for H.R. 6858 to bring relief to the American  people.   Let's produce our energy right here in America. We have the  resources, technology, and the workforce, and we absolutely have the  need.   Madam Speaker, I urge defeat of the previous question.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today opposed to the underlying  bill.   Americans are living in paralyzing fear, watching all of their  household income get eaten up by the price of gas and household needs  and watching their retirement security disappear in our new bear  market.   The Biden and House Democrat approach has been to spend their way out  of every problem, and look where it has gotten us.   The Recovering America's Wildlife Act is well intended. Of course, we  conservationists support investments in our species. But there is still  no pay-for. This is $1.4 billion in perpetuity, with no pay-for or  offset.   During committee markup, Republicans on the Natural Resources  Committee simply asked to offset the spending that continues to punish  Americans. But Democrats declined to negotiate in good faith and are  choosing to aggravate inflation instead.   However, I offer legislation that will actually help fix the problem.  The Endangered Species Act Flexibility Act will give the Interior  Secretary options to help endangered species without crippling our  economy.   Too often, the ESA is abused. Science is ignored, and the law is used  as a weapon to stop much-needed development. Take, for example, the  northern long-eared bat. The bat's massive range runs from Maine to  Texas to Montana, with everything in between. You can see it on the map  right here.   Northern long-eared bats are, sadly, afflicted with white-nose  syndrome, a disease caused by a fungus that interrupts hibernation,  leading to their death. The science is clear: This disease has nothing  to do with human activity.   But because of declining population, the Fish and Wildlife Service is  deciding whether to uplist the species, which would severely restrict  logging, mining, and infrastructure building, like roads, bridges,  ports, and more.   Would you like to spend that infrastructure money on upgrading  projects anywhere on this map? Good luck if the northern long-eared bat  is listed as endangered.   My ESA Flexibility Act will give the Interior Department the latitude  to make species-specific habitat plans for endangered species, so we  don't punish Americans who need a transmission line to get reliable  power or need a bridge upgrade to drive to work.   I don't think a single Member of Congress here, across both aisles,  would disagree that the Endangered Species Act is an imperfect law in  desperate need of tweaks.    Therefore, I regret that my ESA Flexibility Act was not  accepted as an amendment, but I look forward to the eventual passage of  the ESA Flexibility Act into law.   