 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member Luetkemeyer for the  great work that he does for small businesses.   Mr. Speaker, when I speak to small businesses throughout my district,  they tell me that they are fraught by skyrocketing inflation, rising  energy costs, workforce shortages, burdensome regulations, just regular  hassles coming from the type of regulations that have been imposed and  the type of tax burdens and such.   The Biden administration continues, however, to push a policy agenda  that is absolutely detrimental to small business--there is no question  about it--creating additional headwinds such as inflation. Let's talk  about inflation.   The excessive and unnecessary spending enacted by Democrats in the  last 14 months, exceeding $2 trillion, well over $2 trillion just in  the rescue plan, almost $9 trillion over the course of the last couple  of years, has obviously contributed to the record levels of inflation;  up nearly 8 percent since last  [[Page H4408]]  year, just last year alone, the highest level since 1981.   We look back on that as the most historic inflation ever. Well, it is  happening now, and yet, we are talking about exacerbating it with  higher levels of spending.   Let's talk about energy prices. The Biden administration's blatant  and deliberate detrimental policies on domestic energy production has  caused prices at the pump to nearly double since last year, making it  clearly more difficult for small businesses to get their goods to  market; making it more difficult for customers to get to the small  businesses.   We must support our domestic energy production and make energy  affordable again. It is almost that simple.   Let's talk about the workforce shortages. Disincentives to work,  extended by the American Rescue Plan, have made it very difficult for  small businesses to recruit and retain workers. We should all know  that. Go visit any small business and they will tell you just that.   Sure, it is starting to come back, as it would once those incentives  not to work were minimized or eliminated. That is what we need to do,  create incentives to work, not discourage work.   Let's talk about tax increases. The persistent threat of increased  taxes from Democrats in Congress and the Biden administration send  shivers down the spine of small businesses, creates enormous  uncertainty, while it makes it difficult for them to plan and invest in  their businesses.   Let's talk about regulations. Since taking office 14 months ago, the  Biden administration has instituted hundreds of new regulations costing  over $200 billion in real terms, and burdening businesses with what has  been estimated as 130 million hours of additional paperwork.   Instead of saddling our small businesses with burdensome and costly  regulations, we should be trying to actually create an environment that  breeds growth and success and allows owners to invest in their business  and employees.   The solution to the difficulties that America's small businesses are  facing is not to pump $55 billion of new, unpaid spending into the  economy. This will exacerbate much of what I just went through.   Mr. Speaker, there is no reason just to criticize legislation without  a solution. We have a solution, the ENTREE Act, introduced by Ranking  Member Luetkemeyer, is fully paid for and delivers $60 billion in aid  to America's restaurants who were excluded by the previous Democrats'  unconstitutional and discriminatory RRF rollout which was proven  illegal.   Unlike the bill we are considering today, the ENTREE Act would  replenish the Restaurant Revitalization Fund by repurposing unused  American Rescue Plan dollars and would not further contribute to the  hyperinflation that all American small businesses--and our deficit-- that all businesses are burdened by today and, again, the highest since  nearly 50 years.   So, the real solution is a smart, responsible approach that provides  targeted relief without exacerbating the many crises small business  owners are facing today.   Every idea, Mr. Speaker, in this Congress cannot be solved by  spending billions of dollars more of taxpayer money, as stated earlier,  over $10 trillion in excess over the last 2 years. It has got to stop  somewhere, sometime.   We need to stop this out-of-control spending, reduce inflation, stop  the assault on domestic energy production, lower energy costs, and  create a business environment that is friendly to growth, not friendly  to a tax, spend, and over-regulatory Big Government.   The solution, again, is not difficult. But it must be definitely not  adding another $55 billion of spending. American job creators need to  be the most competitive in the world. We need to do what we can do to  create an environment for that.   The policies of the Biden administration and far too many Democrats  in this House have made life more difficult for small businesses. This  must change.   