 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, for months, the brave people of  Ukraine have been fighting valiantly in a war they did not ask for.  Their defense of their homeland from the Russian invasion has already  far surpassed the expectations of all the skeptics.   Ukraine is not asking anybody else to do their fighting for them.  They ask only for the resources they need to defend themselves against  this lawless aggression.   I strongly support the next package of lethal military assistance  which the House has passed with an overwhelming bipartisan majority. I  hope the Senate can reach an agreement to consider and pass this  legislation today. The Ukrainians need it. We need to do it today.   Helping Ukraine is not an instance of mere philanthropy. It bears  directly on America's national security and vital interests that  Russia's naked aggression not succeed and carries significant costs. If  Ukraine fails to repel Russian aggression, there is no question that  the threat to America and European security will actually grow.    Our Nation's history is packed--packed--with painful reminders that  America cannot wish away global problems that affect us and our allies  simply by burying our head in the sand.   I applaud the strong Republican vote for this crucial assistance over  in the House and urge my Senate colleagues on both sides to help us  pass this urgent funding bill today.    Madam President, as I said earlier today, the Ukraine  people are fighting valiantly in a war they didn't ask for. Their brave  self-defense has literally shocked the skeptics and inspired freedom- loving people all around the world.   Ukraine is not asking us to fight this war. They are only asking for  the resources they need to defend themselves against this deranged  invasion, and they need this help right now.   Sending lethal assistance to Ukraine is not just some kind of  philanthropy; this conflict has direct and major consequences for  America's national security and America's national interests.  [[Page S2481]]  Russia's aggression cannot--cannot--be allowed to continue cost-free.   I understand my friend and colleague from Kentucky would like changes  to the bill. Those changes are not acceptable to the Democratic  majority, as we have just heard. So I think there is a simple way to  solve this. We should vote on Senator Paul's amendment, and then we  should pass the supplemental, and we should do it today.   