 Mr. President, I rise today to acknowledge the months of  bipartisan hard work that have gone into two bills that we are filing  today: the Electoral Count Reform and Presidential Transition  Improvement Act--I repeat--the Electoral Count Reform and Presidential  Transition Improvement Act--and the Enhanced Election Security and  Protection Act.   I would like to commend my dear friend Senator Susan Collins for her  leadership throughout this process. She has been shepherding this  through and working diligently, as only she can do, and she does it so  well.   We started these discussions back in January, when partisanship  around here was at a fever pitch, a toxic environment that was  absolutely not conducive to things that needed to be done. But for  those who may not remember, we were in the middle of a heated debate  over voting rights with both sides--Democrats and Republicans--equally  dug in on their positions, and it was kind of hard to move people off  of that.   The insurrection January 6 and the situation that has been going on  since 1887 and should have been corrected and had not been--but no one  ever felt that we would have what we had. So now, we needed to take  care of it. And everyone stepped to the plate.   By January 19, my Democratic colleagues were so frustrated that they  forced a vote on repealing the filibuster to allow that bill to pass  with a simple majority, along party lines. It appeared to many, both  inside and outside of Washington, DC, that the Senate was fundamentally  broken. But Senator Collins and I have worked together for a long time,  and we never gave up. We were not convinced it was broken, and you just  have to work a little bit harder.   They call us the most deliberative body. Well, to deliberate means to  talk, to converse; and when that fails, then, basically, the  deliberative body is no longer the deliberative body. And we were not  going to let that happen to us.   We asked our colleagues and friends to come together to start trying  to see if we could work together and find a pathway and find common  ground. Well--guess what--they did. So I am here to thank those who sat  down: Senator Portman, Rob Portman; we had Senator Murphy; we had  Senator Romney, Senator Shaheen, Senator Murkowski, Senator Warren,  Senator Tillis, Senator Sinema, Senator Capito, Senator Cardin, Senator  Young, Senator Coons, Senator Sasse, and Senator Graham.   Now, that was truly a team effort when you think about it. And this  has gone on for quite some time.   What we learned through those discussions was that there was  bipartisan support for some important, commonsense reforms that would  help restore Americans' faith in our democracy and how we basically  apply our democracy, how do we select our representative form of  government. Specifically, most of our group felt that we could and that  we should:   Reform the Electoral Count Act to remove the ambiguity that we saw  weaponized after the last election. We were all in agreement.   Enhance the protections for local election officials who were facing  unprecedented threats and intimidations. These are people who  volunteer, most basically. And it is basically a family handing down  generation after generation, people who always believe that their civic  duty is to be able to perform during election times.   We wanted to establish best practices for the U.S. Postal Service to  improve the handling of mail-in ballots. Mail-in ballots have been so  convenient to older people, shut-ins. And in the situation where we had  this pandemic, my goodness, it was the only way that people could vote.   So reauthorize the Election Assistance Commission to help States  improve the administration and the security of Federal elections.   The most important thing that we can do is that when that vote is  cast and that vote is counted accurately, it has to be counted and  reported accurately. And that is what we have to do and make sure that  there is not even a shred of a thought where a person might think that  count is not valid--it is not a valid count. And we have done  everything we possibly can to make sure that we have cleared that up.   This is not everything that people on both sides of that wanted. Some  on our bipartisan committee wanted a lot more, and some didn't want to  basically interfere with the States' rights. So we were caught in  betwixt and between. We worked back and forth on different things we  could. We tried to put the guardrails on that gave guidance, and we  think that we came up with a piece of legislation.   And when you have every Member I just mentioned all sign on, with the  diversity of these memberships--we have almost 20; 20 Senators have  been involved, coming equally between Democrats and Republicans, and  able to come to an agreement--this is a bill that we should put  forward.   I was proud to be an original sponsor of both the Freedom to Vote Act  and the John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act, and I still believe  that we can and we must continue working to protect every American's  sacred right to vote. But we also have an obligation to the American  people to do the most good that we can right now--right now.   The confusing and antiquated language that we have on the books today  from the 1887 Electoral Count Act is a real and present danger to our  democracy. We can fix that, and that is exactly what we intend to do.   The increased threats and attacks we are seeing across the country on  poll workers and election volunteers--we can fix that, too. But even  more important than the policy provisions contained in these two bills  is the fact that we have Democrats and Republicans standing arm in arm  proposing commonsense election reforms that can begin to restore  Americans' faith in our democracy. That is our solemn commitment and  promise.   When Benjamin Franklin was asked whether the Constitutional  Convention had given us a republic or a monarchy, he famously replied  ``A republic, young man, if you can keep it.''   He qualified his answer because he understood a democracy is fragile  and can be lost if we are not careful. And while today's introduction  is an important step in this process, we do have much work yet to do.  [[Page S3545]]    I look forward to continuing our bipartisan effort to get this bill  to the President's desk as quickly as possible and signed into law. And  our journey begins.   And with that, I would like to yield to my dear friend from the great  State of Maine, Senator Susan Collins.    Mr. President, while my dear friend is here, I want to  tell her, you know, 6 months ago--we have worked on this for 6 months.  It started in January, and it was 14 Senators who came at that time. We  just started talking, and 14 Senators--with all of your support, Mr.  President, also--we had support from everybody saying something had to  be done. But as delicate as this was, knowing that some might think we  are picking on one side or the other or supporting or defending one  side or the other, there was only one thing we were concerned about:  How do we defend this country and the Constitution and this wonderful  Capitol that we have so this could never happen again?   January 6 is a black mark on the history of the United States of  America. And if you want to erase it, you better do what we did for 6  months, bringing people together to find a pathway forward so that type  of opportunity--for some looking for an opportunity--to degrade our  government and our country and our form of governing ourselves could  never, ever encourage them thinking they could do something here at  this Capitol and disrupt us.   When that day happened, the thing I was most proud of, we were all  down in a secured room--and Senator Collins remembers--and it went on;  we didn't know what the extent of this was going on. We knew one thing:  They didn't come for a friendly visit. But we were down there talking;  and, all of a sudden, someone said: Well, let's just conduct our  business down here. Remember that? And to a T, everybody in that room  says, No, no, no. They are not going to run us out of our body here.  And we all came back here later that night and finished our business.   What we did--and Senator Collins has led this admirably--is make sure  that we are finishing our business. We are just starting it now to  protect this democracy. This form of democracy that we have is a  representative form and the Republic that we are responsible for. And I  am just so proud to be part of it. And she is my dear friend. We worked  many, many years together, and we will continue to.   But I just want to thank the Senator for the hard work--our staffs  worked together. I am very proud of all our staffs that they worked  together for the betterment of our country.   So when people think that bipartisanship is not capable of happening  in Washington, I want to say: Watch, we have proved them wrong. We have  done so many things together, and we will continue to. Again, I say  thank you to all those who participated for just hanging in there. It  took us 6 months to get here, but we have just begun.    Mr. President, I rise today to acknowledge the months of  bipartisan hard work that have gone into two bills that we are filing  today: the Electoral Count Reform and Presidential Transition  Improvement Act--I repeat--the Electoral Count Reform and Presidential  Transition Improvement Act--and the Enhanced Election Security and  Protection Act.   I would like to commend my dear friend Senator Susan Collins for her  leadership throughout this process. She has been shepherding this  through and working diligently, as only she can do, and she does it so  well.   We started these discussions back in January, when partisanship  around here was at a fever pitch, a toxic environment that was  absolutely not conducive to things that needed to be done. But for  those who may not remember, we were in the middle of a heated debate  over voting rights with both sides--Democrats and Republicans--equally  dug in on their positions, and it was kind of hard to move people off  of that.   The insurrection January 6 and the situation that has been going on  since 1887 and should have been corrected and had not been--but no one  ever felt that we would have what we had. So now, we needed to take  care of it. And everyone stepped to the plate.   By January 19, my Democratic colleagues were so frustrated that they  forced a vote on repealing the filibuster to allow that bill to pass  with a simple majority, along party lines. It appeared to many, both  inside and outside of Washington, DC, that the Senate was fundamentally  broken. But Senator Collins and I have worked together for a long time,  and we never gave up. We were not convinced it was broken, and you just  have to work a little bit harder.   They call us the most deliberative body. Well, to deliberate means to  talk, to converse; and when that fails, then, basically, the  deliberative body is no longer the deliberative body. And we were not  going to let that happen to us.   We asked our colleagues and friends to come together to start trying  to see if we could work together and find a pathway and find common  ground. Well--guess what--they did. So I am here to thank those who sat  down: Senator Portman, Rob Portman; we had Senator Murphy; we had  Senator Romney, Senator Shaheen, Senator Murkowski, Senator Warren,  Senator Tillis, Senator Sinema, Senator Capito, Senator Cardin, Senator  Young, Senator Coons, Senator Sasse, and Senator Graham.   Now, that was truly a team effort when you think about it. And this  has gone on for quite some time.   What we learned through those discussions was that there was  bipartisan support for some important, commonsense reforms that would  help restore Americans' faith in our democracy and how we basically  apply our democracy, how do we select our representative form of  government. Specifically, most of our group felt that we could and that  we should:   Reform the Electoral Count Act to remove the ambiguity that we saw  weaponized after the last election. We were all in agreement.   Enhance the protections for local election officials who were facing  unprecedented threats and intimidations. These are people who  volunteer, most basically. And it is basically a family handing down  generation after generation, people who always believe that their civic  duty is to be able to perform during election times.   We wanted to establish best practices for the U.S. Postal Service to  improve the handling of mail-in ballots. Mail-in ballots have been so  convenient to older people, shut-ins. And in the situation where we had  this pandemic, my goodness, it was the only way that people could vote.   So reauthorize the Election Assistance Commission to help States  improve the administration and the security of Federal elections.   The most important thing that we can do is that when that vote is  cast and that vote is counted accurately, it has to be counted and  reported accurately. And that is what we have to do and make sure that  there is not even a shred of a thought where a person might think that  count is not valid--it is not a valid count. And we have done  everything we possibly can to make sure that we have cleared that up.   This is not everything that people on both sides of that wanted. Some  on our bipartisan committee wanted a lot more, and some didn't want to  basically interfere with the States' rights. So we were caught in  betwixt and between. We worked back and forth on different things we  could. We tried to put the guardrails on that gave guidance, and we  think that we came up with a piece of legislation.   And when you have every Member I just mentioned all sign on, with the  diversity of these memberships--we have almost 20; 20 Senators have  been involved, coming equally between Democrats and Republicans, and  able to come to an agreement--this is a bill that we should put  forward.   I was proud to be an original sponsor of both the Freedom to Vote Act  and the John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act, and I still believe  that we can and we must continue working to protect every American's  sacred right to vote. But we also have an obligation to the American  people to do the most good that we can right now--right now.   The confusing and antiquated language that we have on the books today  from the 1887 Electoral Count Act is a real and present danger to our  democracy. We can fix that, and that is exactly what we intend to do.   The increased threats and attacks we are seeing across the country on  poll workers and election volunteers--we can fix that, too. But even  more important than the policy provisions contained in these two bills  is the fact that we have Democrats and Republicans standing arm in arm  proposing commonsense election reforms that can begin to restore  Americans' faith in our democracy. That is our solemn commitment and  promise.   When Benjamin Franklin was asked whether the Constitutional  Convention had given us a republic or a monarchy, he famously replied  ``A republic, young man, if you can keep it.''   He qualified his answer because he understood a democracy is fragile  and can be lost if we are not careful. And while today's introduction  is an important step in this process, we do have much work yet to do.  [[Page S3545]]    I look forward to continuing our bipartisan effort to get this bill  to the President's desk as quickly as possible and signed into law. And  our journey begins.   And with that, I would like to yield to my dear friend from the great  State of Maine, Senator Susan Collins.    Mr. President, while my dear friend is here, I want to  tell her, you know, 6 months ago--we have worked on this for 6 months.  It started in January, and it was 14 Senators who came at that time. We  just started talking, and 14 Senators--with all of your support, Mr.  President, also--we had support from everybody saying something had to  be done. But as delicate as this was, knowing that some might think we  are picking on one side or the other or supporting or defending one  side or the other, there was only one thing we were concerned about:  How do we defend this country and the Constitution and this wonderful  Capitol that we have so this could never happen again?   January 6 is a black mark on the history of the United States of  America. And if you want to erase it, you better do what we did for 6  months, bringing people together to find a pathway forward so that type  of opportunity--for some looking for an opportunity--to degrade our  government and our country and our form of governing ourselves could  never, ever encourage them thinking they could do something here at  this Capitol and disrupt us.   When that day happened, the thing I was most proud of, we were all  down in a secured room--and Senator Collins remembers--and it went on;  we didn't know what the extent of this was going on. We knew one thing:  They didn't come for a friendly visit. But we were down there talking;  and, all of a sudden, someone said: Well, let's just conduct our  business down here. Remember that? And to a T, everybody in that room  says, No, no, no. They are not going to run us out of our body here.  And we all came back here later that night and finished our business.   What we did--and Senator Collins has led this admirably--is make sure  that we are finishing our business. We are just starting it now to  protect this democracy. This form of democracy that we have is a  representative form and the Republic that we are responsible for. And I  am just so proud to be part of it. And she is my dear friend. We worked  many, many years together, and we will continue to.   But I just want to thank the Senator for the hard work--our staffs  worked together. I am very proud of all our staffs that they worked  together for the betterment of our country.   So when people think that bipartisanship is not capable of happening  in Washington, I want to say: Watch, we have proved them wrong. We have  done so many things together, and we will continue to. Again, I say  thank you to all those who participated for just hanging in there. It  took us 6 months to get here, but we have just begun.   