 Madam President, it is with a mixture of sorrow and pride  that I rise today to pay tribute to my good friend the senior Senator  from North Carolina.   I was thinking about the fact that Senator Blunt, who is sitting in  front of you, we were here for his farewell speech the other day, and  our good friend Rob Portman, who is behind you, we will be here for  his--we are losing a lot of great Members this Congress, and the folks  who are going to follow them will not replace them. They have got big  shoes to fill.   I mean, we are celebrating Richard's 18 years in the Senate and 10  years in the House--28 years of doing this stuff. Senator Burr and I  first got to know each other actually through a mutual friend early on  in my Senate career in kind of a strange set of circumstances. I had  become really good friends with Saxby Chambliss, and Saxby and Richard  were running buddies. I would run along with them sometimes.   And John Thune, as you know, Richard is a pretty open-minded guy. But  I got to acknowledge, and I shouldn't probably do this in front of  everyone, but I am not sure he initially took to me that well. Now, my  staff has occasionally called me slightly intense, and Richard has more  than a few times asked whether I was getting my daily meds to stay on  that equilibrium. So much for that.   But in contrast, Richard Burr is a low-key kind of guy. As Senator  Thune has already mentioned, and every Senator has made mention or  noticed or made fun of his lack of socks. We have seen the migration of  his Thing from outside the Russell Building to maybe its permanent  resting place now in the garage at Hart. I park next to it almost every  day, and I hope that you will leave it there in perpetuity.   But despite where we started off, with us being a little bit of an  odd couple, we have formed an enormously strong partnership, and for me  it was, more importantly, a strong friendship.   For 5 years, Richard preceded me as chairman of the Intelligence  Committee. He had been on the Intelligence Committee since he came to  Congress. I have learned so, so much from him, not only on the  substance, which is terribly important, but there are a whole series of  issues and extraordinarily important work where I never really got up  to speed because I trusted his judgment.   But really what he did is he set the tone for how the committee ought  to operate--a committee that frankly doesn't get as much attention as  most because so much of what we do is behind closed doors. The reason  why the Senate Intelligence Committee has stayed bipartisan, the reason  why it is so productive, the reason why we get year after year an  intelligence authorization bill out virtually unanimously--never more  than one or two votes against--has a lot to do with Richard Burr.   My friend whom he served with in the House, the dean of the Virginia  delegation, Congressman  Bobby Scott, has often referred to, around  Virginia, that the Senate Intelligence Committee is an ``oasis of  dignity.'' I think that is a pretty darn good description. And that  dignity would not have come about without Richard Burr's leadership.   He has made mention of his staff. I want to echo that, particularly  those folks I have had the opportunity to work with on the Intelligence  Committee staff. This does not have to be the case. This is not always  the model, and I won't make more than a passing reference to HIPSCI in  that comparison. If you don't have--you have to have not only Members  agreeing, you have to have staff agreeing, and sometimes staff come  with their notion that we have got to start with conflict. That was  never the way that Richard chaired the committee. He knew my staff as  well as he knew his own. Nowhere was that more evident than when he  took on one of the greatest challenges and one where we kind of got  battle-hardened together on the Russia investigation. And one of the  things I know he had pride in and I had pride in, there were an awful  lot of folks who had to be interviewed. And without exception, folks  who interviewed didn't know whether the interviewees were Republicans  or Democrats. It was that kind of professionalism and the notion that  we were going to follow the truth, and I think that work product will  clearly stand the test of time.   The other thing that I think Richard taught me, and this was  something that he has been just relentless about, is to recognize the  courage and the patriotism of the men and women who work in the  intelligence community. They are never going to get the recognition.  Public officials get the recognition but not the men and women who  serve in our military. But no matter where you travel with Senator  Burr, there were generally two things that you could guarantee would  take place. One is that at some moment during the trip he would find a  way to get a couple hours at wherever the local bazaar was and go buy  stuff until Brooke finally said: No more rugs ever again.   But what was equally important that he taught me, and he taught all  of us on the committee who has come in after, is that when you are out  in the field, you make sure you go see the station and not just the  station chief but make sure you see all the members of the station and  personally meet them and thank them. And in every hearing that we have  had--and I have tried to continue this tradition--and we may not get  along and we may not agree with the briefers--but at the end of that  hearing, no matter how tough it may have been, he thanks the briefers,  he thanks the folks who are in the back row, oftentimes not getting to  the  [[Page S7168]]  front table, and he makes sure to say: Go back and tell the men and  women you work with back at headquarters, back at station, how much we  respect you and will have your back. He has shared with me a little bit  in these last few weeks the kind of outpouring of support that he has  had from intelligence community members both here and around the world,  and we are going to have him back in January with the leadership in the  intelligence community to celebrate that again.    The other thing that is a little unusual about Senator Burr--and I  will say this for a few of our friends in the press--is that most of us  actually like to talk to the press--or at least do it. This has never  been high on Senator Burr's list. I have never seen anybody manage with  complete politeness to give more nonanswers to the questions in the  hallway as the press pool follows after him on so many occasions, but  it is because it is all about the work.   Others have mentioned and he has mentioned that he was and has been  the leading voice on disease preparedness. If we had listened more to  him earlier on on things like COVID, I think part of this tragedy could  have been even further averted.   I mentioned already the Russia investigation. We both took incoming  on that. Both of our sides wanted us to do it differently. He said: We  are going after the truth. I can assure you, there is no one I would  rather be in a foxhole with than Richard Burr because when the incoming  kept coming in, he said: Let's buckle down, do the work. He empowered  the staff to do that in a way that was remarkable, and, again, that  product will stand the test of time.   I am sad to lose a colleague. I think his admonitions to us were  great. I think his recognition--again, this is so Richard Burr in that  he has got so many staff here, and he put the staff not in a passing  reference but as one of the major themes of his speech. We all would  not be here without the kind of men and women who have supported you  and who support each of us who have the honor of standing on this  floor.   I am going to be really sad to at least lose the daily back-and-forth  as a friend. He is a little bit quirky. He is not shy about giving  somebody grief.   I am not sure there will ever be another Senator with the same tastes  in footwear or sockwear or lack thereof. He clearly has been one of the  Senate's true characters in the best sense of the word.   I have had the occasion to get to know Brooke and his kids. I have  seen lots and lots of pictures of the grandkids, and I am glad some of  them live in Richmond. We will visit there and on the Outer Banks.   He has a great next chapter in front of him. I think he is going to  continue to contribute to this Nation in the business world. I look to  see where that path leads, and I look to making sure this friendship  that we have built will be maintained long into the future, into our  each increasing dotages in going forward.   With that, I yield the floor and salute my dear friend Richard Burr.    Madam President, my apologies to the distinguished senior  Senator from Maine.   Senator Burr knows the one thing he was also extraordinarily critical  of was whenever members of the Intel Committee were late to an Intel  meeting, and we have one at 2:30.   So, Senator Burr, I hope I have your ability, and Senator Collins  will give me a rundown on her comments today.   