 I am coming to the floor again this evening to talk  about the tragedy that is unfolding in Ukraine. This is the ninth week  in a row during sessions that I have come to the floor to talk about  the brutal and unprovoked Russian invasion of Ukraine--Ukraine, an ally  of ours, a democratic country, and a sovereign country.   It has now been more than 2 months since Russia's assault began, and  Ukrainians continue to fight with heart, toughness, and conviction. The  Russians have been defeated in Kyiv, the capital of Ukraine. And the  Russian Black Sea flagship, the Moskva, was sunk by Ukrainian Neptune  missiles. So there have been some successes. But while Ukraine and its  people have impressed the free world with their fierce defense of their  homeland, the senseless and indiscriminate killing of Ukrainian  civilians by Russia continues.   In this new stage of the war, Russia has begun an intensified  offensive in the Donbas region in the eastern part of Ukraine. A few  days ago, a Russian commander affirmed that their goal is to gain full  control of Donetsk and Luhansk oblasts--meaning control of all of the  Donbas in eastern Ukraine, rather than the roughly 50 percent they took  in 2014, and control of southern Ukraine, cutting Ukraine off from its  Black Sea ports, leaving one of the world's most important exporters  landlocked.   The commander also threatened the territorial integrity of the small  country of Moldova that borders southern Ukraine by saying this would  connect Russia to the breakaway province of Transnistria, where Russian  troops are already stationed.   It may not be coincidental that today we heard reports of bombs  hitting the Ministry of State building in Transnistria, when no one was  there, by the way. Some say this could be a false flag attack, giving  Russia an excuse to invade all of Moldova. All of the countries in the  region are nervous about their status. They are worried for a good  reason. They could be next. I can see why they are concerned.   We have all seen with our own eyes what is going on, on television or  online, the videos we have seen, but let's not forget, Russia continues  to commit war crimes and display an utter disregard for innocent human  lives. They continue to prevent evacuation of civilians from Mariupol.  They have executed noncombatants, and now there are reports of systemic  rape and torture by Russian soldiers. This is on top of previous  confirmed reports of the use of cluster munitions and thermobaric  weapons on civilians.   As of February 28, the International Criminal Court announced  allegations would be investigated. That is good. That must happen. But  if they wait and have the proceedings once the war is over, in my view,  that is too late. The perpetrators must be brought to justice. These  horrific Russian assaults on innocent Ukrainian families in Bucha,  Mariupol, and elsewhere, the bombing of civilian targets, the rapes,  the tortures, all of these are crimes against humanity, and Russia must  be held accountable for war crimes, not later but now.   If there is not accountability, more senseless killings in Ukraine  will occur, and these atrocities are likely to be repeated by others in  the future.   Many of my colleagues and I were on a video call today with the  Ukrainian Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal. He expressed his appreciation  for the lethal support we have provided here in the U.S. Senate and in  the House and through the administration.   But he stressed the need for more help, for more heavy weapons to  defend and push Russia back in the Donbas region. He also detailed how  the country's economy has been severely damaged and what they will need  just to stay afloat.   Regarding military assistance, I am pleased that this past week the  White House heeded calls from a bipartisan group of us to appoint a  Ukraine security assistance coordinator to cut through the redtape and  get the right military assistance to Ukraine more quickly.    It is important, with so many agencies and individuals involved, that  one person be solely focused on this critical mission and be held  accountable. That person the White House has appointed is a three-star  general, Terry Wolff, who has extensive experience as the former Deputy  Special Presidential Envoy for the Global Coalition to Counter ISIL and  has commanded every level from platoon to armored division.   From the very start of this conflict, I have said we need to do more,  and we need to do it more quickly. We cannot do that if our assistance  gets bogged down by the bureaucracy. Every delay in lethal aid costs  Ukrainians lives, so I am pleased we now have a coordinator, and I hope  that this will streamline the process.   I am encouraged that the administration also recently announced  further  [[Page S2122]]  assistance of $800 million in artillery pieces, ammunition, armored  vehicles, and a new loitering munition called the Phoenix Ghost. This  is a suicidal drone that is now in the hands of the Ukrainians. That is  promising.   I understand that the $3.4 billion in security assistance Congress  passed in March will soon be exhausted and that there will be a need  for additional supplemental funding for Ukraine. I encourage the  administration to go ahead and look at that package, send it to us, get  us to start thinking about it because when it comes here for a vote, I  think we need to act quickly on it, review what the administration has  sent, and be sure we do it on a stand-alone basis, rather than having  it get bogged down in unrelated legislative matters.   I am also pleased that some State National Guards are sending armored  vehicles to assist Ukraine in their efforts. The Ohio National Guard  will provide some M-113 Armored Personnel Carriers as part of a  drawdown of DOD inventories to support Ukraine. This sends a strong  message of support to our allies from the Buckeye State.   I also appreciate the number of police departments across Ohio,  including the Cleveland Police Department--where I was last week--for  providing over 200 protective vests to Ukrainians. Thank you.   Last week, I had the chance to visit an incredibly effective  nonprofit in Ohio called MedWish that collects donated medical supplies  from hospitals and provides these medical supplies to countries that  are in need--sometimes because of a natural disaster, in this case,  because of war.   Today, their major focus is on Ukraine, where they have delivered  over 7 tons of badly needed medical supplies, and this effort  continues. Again, I thank them for what they are doing. I thank all the  hospitals and all the private practices that have donated equipment to  be able to be sent to Ukraine to save lives.   As we all know, this war continues to produce a staggering number of  refugees. Last week, the White House announced the program Uniting for  Ukraine to streamline the process for bringing 100,000 refugees, with  strong ties to the United States, into our country. Uniting for Ukraine  will allow Americans and organizations here to sponsor Ukrainians who  have been forced to leave their country. The American sponsors will be  required to declare their financial support for the applicants, and the  Ukrainians applying for this program must meet vaccinations and other  public health requirements, as well as biographic and biometric  screening, vetting, and security checks.   That is all good. These individuals will then be allowed to work and  remain in the United States legally for up to 2 years. I have heard  personally from so many generous Ohioans who want to open up homes to  these refugees, who want to be helpful. More than 500 people have now  called or emailed my office, and a number of businesses have expressed  interest in offering jobs to these refugees. I urge the administration  to quickly staff up this program so that we can bring some of these  desperate refugees to the United States as planned.   Unfortunately, I am finding out that there is no online portal yet,  no way for people to be able to know how they can participate in this  process. So my hope is that we will launch this online portal with  applications soon so that folks who want to sponsor Ukrainians fleeing  the war are able to do so. I wish this had been done sooner, but this  is a step in the right direction.   Our partners in Europe are doing more than their fair share here.  More than 5 million Ukrainians have fled their homeland since the war  began, and they are crossing borders into their neighboring countries  in Europe.   As I saw when I was in Poland last month meeting with refugees,  Poland has taken in almost 3 million refugees alone. I think Poland is  to be commended with the way they have responded to this Ukrainian  crisis in so many respects, including taking these refugees.   We saw cars lined up at the refugee processing center, down at the  border, of everyday Poles who were there to pick up Ukrainian refugees  and to take them into their home.   Hungary and Slovakia have taken in hundreds of thousands, too.  Surely, the United States can get our act together with regard to the  100,000.   I am pleased that Secretaries Blinken and Austin met with President  Zelenskyy yesterday in Kyiv. This is the first time since the war began  2 months ago that we have had American diplomats in Kyiv. I think it is  important that we are there. The Europeans are there, other countries  are there; we need to be there too.   I am glad to hear that we are finally reestablishing our diplomatic  presence in Kyiv, and I am also pleased that the administration is  finally nominating an ambassador to Ukraine. We have had no ambassador  to Ukraine during this administration. They have indicated they are  going to nominate Bridget Brink, who is a career foreign service  officer and is the current U.S. Ambassador to Slovakia; so she has some  critical experience in the area.   While both of these moves were long overdue, I commend the  administration for finally acting--sending a strong signal to our  allies and adversaries alike that the United States is serious about  standing with Ukraine.   Let's get our diplomats back to the capital, back to Kyiv. Let's get  an ambassador in place as soon as possible.   On the sanctions front, I believe we should be seizing, not just  freezing, assets of Kremlin supporters and provide the funds from the  sale of these assets to meet the needs of Ukraine. To do this, I  introduced with Senator Bennet of Colorado the Repurposing Elite  Luxuries into Emergency Funds--RELIEF--for Ukraine Act to require the  Department of Justice to direct any funds resulting from the disposal  of seized Russian assets to support Ukrainian refugees and support  reconstruction. So like other countries have done, including France and  Germany, let's seize these assets, like yachts owned by the Kremlin  supporters or by President Putin himself, and then take those funds on  the sale of those assets and use them immediately to help with the  humanitarian effort.   I urge the Senate and the House to act this week on this legislation  so that we can give Ukrainians the help they need.   I continue to believe our top priority on sanctions should be cutting  off Russia's No. 1 source of income that fuels the war machine. Forty  to 50 percent of their budget is from one place--energy. Those receipts  from energy are fueling the Putin war machine. Energy is Russia's  largest export and accounts, again, for a significant part--or of  roughly half of their budget.   Over the past year, the average oil revenues going back to Russia  from their exports to the United States alone was $50 million a day.  Under pressure from Congress, the administration reversed course and  supported blocking Russian oil, natural gas, and coal imports into the  United States. I am glad we did that. It made no sense for us to help  fund the Russian war effort, especially when we have our own resources  here, in terms of energy, that we can access.   I welcomed the President's announcement in Brussels of the creation  of a joint U.S.-EU task force to help reduce Europe's dependency on  Russian energy and strengthen Europe's energy security. Europe has  become much more dependent on Russia for energy than the United States.  Germany now gets almost 40 percent of its natural gas from Russia.   This means that Europe, by the way, is now sending an estimated $870  million a day to Russia--$870 million a day in payments for its natural  gas, oil, and coal from Russia. Ending that European reliance on  Russian energy is the right policy, and it will save lives.   Fortunately, again, some progress has been made. The EU has agreed to  phase out imports of Russian coal over time. They say over the next  several months. They have said that they are willing to work with the  United States to have some of our liquefied natural gas, LNG, replace  some of the Russian gas. This is a good idea. We should allow more  production here in the United States so we have that LNG to be able to  export to Germany and to other European countries to replace some of  that Russian gas to make them less dependent on Russia and to stop  sending this revenue to fund the war machine.   Lithuania needs to be held up as the first European Union country to  completely cut itself off from Russian natural gas.  [[Page S2123]]    But the reality, again, is that Europe continues to fund the war  machine right now with this $870 million every day in energy receipts  going to Russia.   Part of the answer, again, lies with us. We must support our domestic  energy producers as a means of supporting our national and economic  security but also as a way to support our allies. This means America  having a robust, all-of-the-above approach to power our Nation, which  includes hydrogen, renewables, fossil fuels, carbon capture  technologies, nuclear power, hydropower. The importance of this cannot  be overstated. Energy is national security.   As a practical matter, to stop the revenues going from Europe to fund  the Russian war machine, the administration must change policies to get  more American LNG to Europe to substitute for Russian gas. This  requires more pipelines, more infrastructure, more export facilities,  of course.   Unfortunately, we aren't off to a very good start on that front. The  President's tax proposals released with his recent budget submission to  Congress eliminates important tax provisions used by our domestic  producers, like the deduction for intangible drilling costs, or IDCs,  which allows natural gas and oil producers to deduct costs that are  necessary for the drilling in preparation of wells.   Let's take an approach here where we are encouraging, again, all of  the above in order to ensure our national security and to help our  allies in Europe.   The ruble has just about fully recovered to its preinvasion value  because Russia is still bringing in these revenues from the sale of its  energy. Shares on Russia's stock market are trading again, and Russia's  VTB bank remains open for business in Europe, where it has gathered  billions of euros in deposits, mainly from German savers.   Our sanctions have left Russia's biggest economic lifeline largely  untouched--again, energy sales, specifically to Europe.   In fact, in addition to cutting off the natural gas and the revenue  that fuels the Russian war machine, we need to tighten up bank  sanctions as they relate to energy. Sanctions for energy transactions  don't go into effect against Russian banks, including the VTB bank,  until June 24. Those sanctions ought to go into place right now. They  should have gone into place weeks ago.   President Biden must lead the alliance to do what it takes to help  Ukraine win, and the administration needs to make clear that their  objective is for Ukraine to actually be victorious, to push the forces  of Russia out of the sovereign territory of Ukraine.   We must remember that the Ukrainians are not asking us to fight for  them, but they are asking for the tools to defend themselves so they  have a chance to win.   I have said before that both Ukraine and Georgia should be given what  is called a membership action plan as a next step toward NATO  membership. Based on the actions of the Russians and the fighting  spirit of the Ukrainians, I now feel more strongly than ever that  Ukraine should be part of NATO. They deserve it.   I am encouraged that both Finland and Sweden are considering NATO  membership. They should both be immediately welcomed into the NATO  family.   Vladimir Putin sought to weaken the NATO alliance. This is yet  another strategic failure on his part, as we are coming closer together  and will potentially add even more members.   I will close with this thought: Some might ask--even a few of my  colleagues have asked me--why a Senator from Ohio cares about what goes  on in Ukraine.   Well, the first answer is, we should all care. This is about the  fight for freedom in our time, in our generation. This is where it is  being engaged right now.   I also happen to have tens of thousands of Ukrainians who call Ohio  home. These Ukrainian-Americans are good friends of mine. They are  constituents. They keep me informed and have over the years. They have  helped me to get more engaged on this issue.   I have been to Ukraine six or seven times. When I was at the border  of Ukraine and Poland last month, some of my Ohio friends were there  too as volunteers, providing food and medical supplies to the refugees.   When Ukraine made a decision to turn to us, to turn to democracy and  freedom and free enterprise back in 2014, I was there with my colleague  Ben Cardin, a Democrat from Maryland. We were there as election  observers, but what we really observed was a country that had made a  decision to turn to us, to turn to the West, to be like us, to join us  in the fight for freedom.   Even if I had no constituents of Ukrainian descent, I would be  standing here because this is the fight for freedom. This is our test.  Are we going to be stand against tyranny and for freedom at a time when  these terrible atrocities are being committed?   I have been to the border of Ukraine and Poland and talked to these  refugees. Through their tears, they spoke of their apartments or homes  being destroyed and damaged. They talked of friends and family members  being injured or killed. They talked of the pain of being separated  from their husbands or fathers, not knowing their fate, since they had  stayed behind to fight.   They also begged us to put in place a no-fly zone to help them even  more.   The popular Ukrainian national rallying cry ``Slava Ukraini'' when  translated into English is ``Glory to Ukraine.'' And then the response  to that is ``Glory to the heroes.'' ``Heroyam Slava.''   In the midst of all this, there are so many heroes to glorify in  Ukraine--heroes like the people I saw in Ohio last week who work at  MedWish and are providing medical supplies urgently needed in Ukraine;  the staff that collect and send these much-needed supplies, going  mostly to the women and children of Ukraine who continue to seek safe  passage in their homeland.   Not only are there heroes here, but there are so many heroes at home  in Ukraine. Those are the firefighters. Those are the soldiers. Those  are the citizen soldiers.   With our help, the Ukrainians can win this war.   One of the members of Parliament from Ukraine, from the Rada, who  came to see us a few weeks ago here in Congress, perhaps said it best.  We met with the Ukrainian Caucus that I co-chair, and we had four  members of the Rada come, all women; and the Ambassador from Ukraine  was there as well.   She said she hears all the time that, ``We are all Ukrainians now,''  and I have heard that back home, and that is how I feel.   She said that if that is true, since we are all Ukrainians now, we  must be like Ukrainians. She said, ``We must be brave, creative, and  fast.'' And that is what they are.   They are very resourceful. They have figured out a way to take on one  of the biggest armies in the world and be successful, brave, creative,  and fast.   I urge my colleagues, the administration, and the world: Let us help  Ukraine win this war by being brave, creative, and fast. By doing that,  we will show the world America stands with Ukraine, which is in our  national security interest.   I yield the floor.   