 Madam Speaker, I rise today to underscore the crucial  importance of the religious liberty provisions in the Respect for  Marriage Act and to ensure the legislative intent behind these  provisions is crystal clear.   As you know, the United States Supreme Court's decision in Obergefell  v. Hodges from 2015 established a constitutional right to same-sex  marriage. When Obergefell was argued, then-Solicitor General Verrilli  was asked whether recognizing a constitutional right to same-sex  marriage would lead to churches, religious organizations and other not- for-profits potentially having their tax-exempt status reconsidered, in  light of the Supreme Court's decision in Bob Jones University v. U.S.  Solicitor General Verrilli responded that ``it's certainly going to be  an issue.'' In recognizing a constitutional right to same-sex marriage  in 2015, the United States Supreme Court did not reconsider the Bob  Jones University precedent, leaving this ``issue'' unresolved.   The Senate Amendment to the Respect for Marriage Act that we are  voting on today, answers this question, and a number of others,  providing strong protections for religious liberty, especially when  combined with the Religious Freedom Restoration Act.   It is my understanding that section 2 of the Respect for Marriage  Act, in light of the Supreme Court's Bob Jones v. United States  decision in 1983, would prevent the Internal Revenue Service from  successfully arguing that the United States now ``national policy''  favoring same-sex marriage use this national policy to deny tax-exempt  status to religious organizations.   Section 2 of the bill states that a variety of reasonable views on  the role of gender in marriage exist today, based on both decent and  honorable religious and philosophical beliefs. The bill states that all  views are due proper respect by the Federal Government.   Furthermore, Section 2 of this bill states that the Federal  Government recognizes religious liberty as an integral component of our  national policy regarding marriage. Section 2 of this bill was  explicitly included to ensure that the provisions of the Bob Jones case  relating to the tax-exempt status of organizations are not applicable  to this bill.   Bob Jones University v. U.S., decided in 1983 before Congress enacted  the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, upheld the IRS' decision to  rescind Bob Jones University's tax exemption on the basis of a ``firm  and unyielding'' national policy against racial discrimination. Section  2 affirms that diverse beliefs about the role of gender in marriage are  held by reasonable and sincere people based on decent and honorable  religious or philosophical premises. This finding preempts an analogy  between the Court's analysis in the Bob Jones University case about  race and beliefs about marriage, and is a statement of policy  respecting diverse views about the role of gender in marriage.   I'd like to discuss another provision which is central this bill-- section 4, which grants ``full faith and credit'' under Article IV,  Section 1 of the United States Constitution to marriages performed in  each of our states, strengthening federalism and making our  constitutional structure work.   Section 4 of the bill states that no person ``acting under color of  State law'' may deny full faith and credit to any ``public act, record,  or judicial proceeding of any other State pertaining to a marriage  between 2 individuals, on the basis of the sex, race, ethnicity, or  national origin of those individuals.'' The phrase ``acting under color  of State law'' is also used in our civil rights statutes to refer to  the actions of state and local government officers and employees with  respect to rights guaranteed by the United States Constitution and  Federal law.   It is my understanding that use of this phrase in section 4 of the  bill is intended to incorporate the United States Supreme Court's  interpretation of this term, including but not limited to the Rendell- Baker v. Kohn and NCAA v. Tarkanian cases.   I'd like to now turn to section 6 of the bill, which provides that no  church or religious non-profit will be forced to solemnize or conduct a  marriage ceremony under this bill.   It is my understanding that section 6(b) bars any civil claim or  cause of action relating to a nonprofit religious organization's  refusal under that section to solemnize or celebrate a marriage and  that such a refusal cannot create a civil claim or cause of action.   The text of section 7 also makes no reference to ``compelling  governmental interests.'' Section 7 provides that nothing in this bill  should be construed to deny or alter the benefit, status or right of an  otherwise eligible individual or legal entity in relation to tax-exempt  status, tax treatment, contracts, loans, scholarships, licenses and  other agreements not arising from a marriage.   It is my understanding that, in conjunction with section 2, which  eliminates a successful analogy to the Bob Jones case, section 7 would  prevent the Internal Revenue Service from using the Respect for  Marriage Act to  [[Page H8837]]  alter or remove the tax-exempt status of an entity for expressing  beliefs in opposition or support of same-sex marriage. This bill is  intended to enshrine a national policy of respect for all views  surrounding marriage, and to enact some of the strongest religious  liberty protections since the Religious Freedom Restoration Act in  1993. This legislation also ensures that religious liberty will have  more of a central role in future debates in our courts and in the halls  of Congress.    Mr. Speaker, I stand before this Chamber today in  strong support of this bipartisan defense bill that will help protect  this country and take care of the young men and women who sacrifice for  our freedom on a daily basis.   We got a lot of good things done in this year's process. We have an  $858 billion top line, an increase of $45 billion over President  Biden's defense budget request. We continue to support and improve the  lives of our servicemembers and military families by authorizing a  military basic pay raise of 4.6 percent. We also have $500 million for  additional housing allowances to counteract the skyrocketing cost of  rent.   I also support the repeal of DOD's COVID-19 vaccine mandate.   We have a number of provisions looking at improving mental health  services for servicemembers and their families.   The conference agreement also reinforces that parents of children  attending DOD schools have the right to review curriculum,  instructional materials, and disciplinary policies.   Also critically important is ensuring that our professional military  education is geared toward warfighting.   I thank the gentlewoman from California (Ms. Speier), our chair, for  her work with me on looking into the state of our professional military  education enterprise and for all the work that we have done together  over the last 2 years.   I will end by thanking the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr.  Langevin), as well, for his remarkable service. We worked together on  the Cyberspace Solarium Commission. As I like to say, Jim was sounding  the alarm about cyberspace before it was cool. He is a remarkable  intellectual leader in that regard.   