 Madam President, I rise again today in support of the  bipartisan State Antitrust Enforcement Venue Act. This is an  overwhelmingly bipartisan bill. In fact, 99 Senators support passing  this bill. Only one--oddly, the lead cosponsor of this bill--has  objected.   Now, the nature of the objection was that passing this bill would  somehow reduce the chances of passing that Senator's own wholly  unrelated bill, a different bill, a bill not touching the subject  matter of this bill. But the idea that it must be all or nothing is  silly, and it highlights one of the more vexing problems facing  Congress. The idea that unless Congress will pass all of what a  particular Senator wants, that no one else can pass anything is  something that is a cause of great dismay and frustration.   Making it easier for State attorneys general to enforce the antitrust  laws is good policy, but it is, of course, not a silver bullet. I agree  we still need meaningful reform at the Federal level. Passing this bill  would, in no way, shape, or form, set back that project. It would just  allow State attorneys general to bring antitrust suits now rather than  worrying that Big Tech companies will be able to slow them down by  requesting that courts combine them with private litigation.   This UC is precisely what happened in the Texas v. Google case. In  fact, unanimously passing this bill will only strengthen momentum in  Congress for meaningful, much-needed antitrust reform. It will be a  proof of concept of sorts, one that indicates that we can set aside our  egos and partisan differences in order to achieve a shared goal--in  this case, a goal that I believe is shared by all 100 Members of this  body.   Standing in the way of that achievement accomplishes nothing. In  fact, it only plays into the hands of Big Tech. Big Tech would love  nothing more than to see antitrust reform suffocate and die on the  Senate floor, yet another victim of this ``all or nothing'' mindset, of  this mindset that would suggest unless we pass all of what I want now,  you can't pass anything, even something that I support.   It is important that we pass this bill. All 100 Senators support it.  There is only one who has been objecting, and the basis of that  objection has nothing to do with the merits of the legislation; it has  only to do with the misguided and, ultimately, incorrect assumption  that this would somehow interfere with that Senator's wholly unrelated  bill.   To that end, Madam President, as if in legislative session, I ask  unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of Calendar No. 261, S. 1787; I further ask that the Lee  amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to; that the bill, as  amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the  motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, I appreciate the longstanding friendship I  have with my friend and distinguished colleague, the Senator from  Illinois. I know he has no objection to passing this bill in this  fashion. In fact, it was after a long negotiation process culminating  with an agreement between me and the Senator from Illinois that we made  modifications to this legislation--modifications I didn't want to make  but I made in order to get this passed.   It was represented to me in good faith by the Senator from Illinois  that it would pass the hotline; it could pass by unanimous consent, if  it happened. Had it all gone according to how we had every reason to  believe and how the Senator from Illinois had every reason to believe  at the time, this would have been passed by now.   What we didn't anticipate was that the lead cosponsor of this  legislation who had herself been a part of these negotiations, been a  part of the conversation about how we were going to get it passed, and  been a part of the conversations about the very modification that might  be necessary in order to get it passed by unanimous consent, would then  suddenly decide to object.   Again, this is based not on a substantive objection to the bill, of  which she is the lead cosponsor; it is based solely on her assessment  that this might somehow jeopardize her chances of passing another  antitrust bill, an antitrust bill that does not contain any provision  like this one, an antitrust bill that does not preclude consideration  of this one nor would this preclude consideration of that one. It is,  in short, folly, to say the least, to object to this under these  circumstances.   It is also bad faith, I believe, to object at the very last minute  after many, many months of negotiation on this issue as the lead  cosponsor of the legislation. It is unfortunate that she is unwilling  to agree to that.   It is unfortunate, also, she is not willing to be here to raise the  objection on her own but insisting on doing so through a third party-- through no fault of his own--who is here at her request, being a good  colleague, as he is, doing as she had requested.  [[Page S2692]]    This is unnecessary. This is petty. We are better than this. We need  to pass this bill. I will be back. I am not going to quit until this  thing is passed, because the fact is, all 100 Senators agree that this  is good legislation, including the objecting absent party.   We should never get to the point where egos get in the way. And egos,  alone, prevent us from passing legislation that all 100 Senators agree  would make things better. I can tell you, there is no one who would be  happier about this than Big Tech. So if the objecting Senator, who is  absent today, wishes to make sure that Big Tech is held accountable,  then she should allow this to pass forthwith without her objection. If,  on the other hand, she wants to make it easier for Big Tech, then this  objection would be the way to go.   