 Madam President, let me pick up on what both of my  colleagues have just said. Senator Schumer and Senator Crapo have both  said  [[Page S1723]]  how committed we are to getting this worked out today. And as Senator  Schumer said, under his leadership, the Finance Committee--the chair  and the ranking member--that is what we are going to be working on so  that this actually happens.   And I want to make sure everybody understands what that means. It  means that while the President is in these crucial discussions right  now in Europe, the Senate--in the most expedited way, which is to pass  the House legislation today--would revoke permanent normal trade  relations with Russia.   And here is why that is so important. Vladimir Putin's inhumane  conduct means that Russia has forfeited the right to the benefits of  the international trade order that was established after World War II.  And what the Senate can do by passing the House bill today would amount  to the harshest economic consequences in a generation. Let me be  specific about that.   When we pass that legislation that came over from the House here in  the Senate, it would immediately trigger a significant increase in  tariffs on Russian-made products. Adding to that, the proposal also  includes authority for the President to raise tariffs even higher in  the future. These tariffs would directly level a significant set of  restrictions on Putin's circle of oligarchs, who export everything from  chemicals to plywood. This is an absolutely essential step in ensuring  that Russia is a pariah state.   So to wrap up, apropos of the comments from the distinguished Senate  majority leader and our ranking member--and the President of the Senate  has worked with him as well--we had a good discussion over the last  half-hour that is going to focus on getting passage of the House bill  done today. And as Senator Schumer, Senator Crapo, and I have all  noted, those discussions have been ongoing, but we are going to step it  up so we can get this done today and send the House bill to the  President's desk by close of business today.   With that, Madam President, I yield the floor.   