 Madam President, about 6 years ago, I came to this  floor and presented an idea: How do we get on top of our debt and  deficit? Are we going to get on top of our debt and deficit?   Interestingly enough, for each of us and our own families, we can all  tell a story about a season in our life that we really hit hard times.  I have had several where the money was really tight and our family was  very attentive to what we were spending--very--those moments when we  would literally make sure that every time we went to the grocery store,  we only spent this much because we knew we had an electric bill coming  in; we knew we had our rent coming due.   My family has most definitely been there. My wife and I, when we were  first married, we had a rule that we couldn't ever spend more than $25  without the other person knowing it because our fear was when we were  first married that one of us would spend $30 and the other would spend  $35 that day and we would blow up our bank account because we were  living that close to the edge and just getting by while I was at school  and we were just getting started. A lot of families have been that way.   You can tell how serious a family is about dealing with their debt by  how seriously they take their expenses. There are some individuals that  have massive debt that still keep running up their credit card. They  keep buying more and more product. They still use their credit card and  go get additional electronics and get extra stuff on it and max out  this card and then I will max out another one, not with essentials,  just with fun--not paying attention to the fact that someday that comes  due.   When I started presenting the idea of the ``Federal Fumbles,'' my  whole concept was simple: Where is it the Federal Government is  dropping the ball; that we are not paying attention to the areas we  need to be able to pay attention to in our spending? It is a well-known  fact that we have trillions in debt. In fact, as a nation, we have now  crossed $30 trillion in total debt--$30 trillion. It is interesting  that the conversation doesn't seem to be serious. We don't seem to be  in a dialogue about how we are going to actually bring our debt down.  We are still spending on other things and still saying, not we are  limited in what we can do; we seem to be adding more to the mix. It is  not necessarily on essential things; it just seems to be on things.   The ``Federal Fumbles'' book that I released this week, put on our  website, just details several different items. One is, where are we in  our debt and how did we get here? But I also try to walk through some  of our trust funds on this because I think it is important.   Where are we on Medicare trust funds? By the way, we are 4 years away  from insolvency on Medicare--4 years. Where are we on Social Security?  We are 12 years away from insolvency in Social Security--12. Where are  we on the highway trust fund? We are well past insolvency on the  highway trust fund, and we have been accelerating our borrowing to try  to cover more and more. In fact, that was done even recently.   I laid out a set of ideas of how do you actually solve some of these  things and how are we going to address it. But I also laid out some of  my frustrations that said, at some point, this body is going to be  serious about dealing with debt and deficit, but apparently we are not  yet.  [[Page S2183]]    So I laid out some areas and just got a chance to be to be able to  talk through some of those in the book. And I encourage folks to be  able to look at it and, quite frankly, everyone is welcome to disagree  with me on it.   For instance, we spent $2 billion--billion with a ``b.'' We spent $2  billion this last year not building the border wall. The contracts had  already been let out. The steel was already purchased. The steel, in  fact, is lying on the ground in the desert still today. Everyone was  already hired, and there were literally individuals on the ground ready  to do installation because the contract was there because career  professionals at the Department of Homeland Security had made  recommendations on certain areas of our southern border that  desperately needed fencing. Those career professionals had worked with  private contractors and had put a contract in place to be able to put  fencing in those areas. And they were underway until the Biden  administration stepped in on day 1 and stopped it all, though the  contracts had already been let out. We spent $2 billion not building  border fencing--$2 billion.   Now, I ask the simple question: What would it hurt to go ahead and  finish those contracts out that career professionals had signed off on  and that career security individuals from the Department of Homeland  Security had said was desperately needed in those areas? What would it  have hurt to finish those contracts out? Instead, we sent messaging  that we are not going to build a fence and spend $2 billion not doing  that.   What did we do instead? Well, we started doing robot dogs along the  border instead. I wish I was kidding. These robot dogs would instead be  hired to be able to help our border folks and Border Patrol and CBP to  be able to help identify and carry things. So instead of border  fencing, it is robot dogs that are now being contracted to be able to  put in there.   What else did we actually deal with? Well, of the trillions of  dollars of debt that we have, recently, we put $2.6 million into China  to help pay for some of their health programs. Now, follow the irony of  this. We actually borrow a trillion dollars from China to pay our  bills. So we borrowed money from China to be able to then send money to  China to help pay their medical expenses.   Does anyone else think this is a bad idea; that if we were serious  about dealing with debt and deficit, we would start going line by line  through all of this and to be able to identify that maybe this is not a  good idea; that if we have $30 trillion in debt, maybe we need to find  some areas to cut back on. We could cut back on that or maybe we could  cut back on the grant that was given out to write about Russian  screenwriters. We actually paid someone to do research on Russian  screenwriters to be able to release this project out so people could  study Russian directors and screenwriters.   Again, I am fine if anybody wants to be able to do that, but my  concern is if we are going to do this, this should probably be a  private project that we release out, not have a Federal Government  project when we are dealing with $30 trillion in debt.   But what else did we do with our additional money while we have extra  spending and time on this? How about lobster pot removal? We spent half  a million dollars in a special earmark to do lobster pot removal.   Now, initially, this is actually listed in the bill as derelict  lobster pots. Derelict lobster pots. That sounds really ominous,  doesn't it? But my understanding is it is lobster traps that are just  out there that someone abandoned at some point.   I would tell you, for those of us in Oklahoma, if you told me there  is a lobster trap and there may be a lobster in it and you could keep  the trap and the lobster if you wanted to go get it, we would go get  it. But, instead, we are paying half a million dollars in Federal  dollars to go pick up derelict lobster pots.   Now, again, I would say to you, in Oklahoma, when we have a derelict  well in Oklahoma, an oil and gas well, our oil and gas companies all  pool money together and put a little bit in to be able to go clean that  site up. And, year by year, we are cleaning up abandoned well sites,  because our companies actually kicked the money in to go clean up their  own messes that are out there.   I don't understand how the State didn't do this or a city didn't do  this or the industry didn't take it on. Now, I do have some frustration  because there was some money set aside for parks as well. I am a big  fan of parks. My kids go to the park. We are glad to be able to go to  the park. I went to the park a lot. But there was a project for 2.3  million in Federal money to be able to renovate a pool, a swimming  pool, in Rhode Island.   Now, I am not opposed to swimming pools, and I am not opposed to  Rhode Island having swimming pools; I am just trying to figure out with  Federal dollars, why the Federal government is paying to fix a swimming  pool in Rhode Island. Shouldn't this be the State of Rhode Island--if  it is a State park, shouldn't it be the State or the community or the  city to be able to take this on? Cities in my State, if they have  problems with their pool, the city pays to be able to fix the pool or  the community pays to be able to do that, rather than the Federal  taxpayers pay to do that. We have the same issue, actually, with a ski  jump, that there was a State park, that it needed a renovation for a  ski jump, and so instead of the State actually paying for their State  park, people in my State are paying for our State park, and we are  paying to fix the ski jump in this State park as well.   Why are we paying for both? Why don't the people of Oklahoma pay for  our State parks and the people in other States pay for their State  parks? Again, I have nothing in opposition to ski jumping, other than  it seems like a particularly terrible thing for me to do, but if  somebody wants to be able to do it and they want to pay for that, that  is fine. Just, why should Oklahoma taxpayers do that?   As we were digging through the different pieces that were actually  done, I would tell you it was painful the moment when we ran across the  monkey opera. We spent Federal tax dollars on something called a  ``monkey opera.''   Now, I am not sure why we spent Federal tax dollars on a monkey  opera. I am not sure what a monkey opera sounds like. But I would tell  you, I think I have listened to a monkey opera on people's at-hold  music before when I have called certain companies, that I think the  hold music they have was actually monkey opera. But I have to ask the  hard question: Is this national defense? Is this educating our  children? Is this healthcare?   With $30 trillion in debt, at some point, we as a Nation have to stop  and say, ``OK, let's do what is essential and not what's not.''   Two weeks ago, a staff member called me and said she was in line at  the grocery store, and the woman in front of her with her kids pulled  out all the stuff in her basket and put it on the scanner area and said  to the lady that was going to be the cashier, ``Hey, tell me when it  gets to $150 because I can't spend anymore. That is all I have.''   And so the cashier kept ringing things up. She held things back that  she thought were the nonessentials at the end because she knew, this is  all I have, and though I would like to get more, I can't. It sent me  two messages. One is, every family knows how to do this. Why we can't  as a Federal government look at it and say, with $30 trillion, maybe  the monkey opera is not one of our essentials, I don't know.   But the second thing it reminded me of is, every family is dealing  with the real effects of inflation right now. It is very real for them.  They are saying to the cashier at the grocery store, ``Tell me when it  gets to this dollar amount, because that is all I have.''   When we continue to spend more and more and more as a Federal  government, it drives inflation higher and higher. I am very aware  there are a lot of folks in this room who are just trying to help. But  we are causing real problems with inflation, with overspending as a  nation. That has got to pull back, and we have got to get serious about  what we are spending on, because this kind of stuff drives the American  people crazy, when they are saying to the cashier, ``I could only do  $150. Please tell me when it gets there, because everything else I  can't do today.'' And we borrowed more money from China so we could do  this.   We put out the Federal fumble book every year for one reason: I want  to remind everybody in this body that debt  [[Page S2184]]  is still a problem. This is still an issue, wasteful spending, whether  it is in the billions or whether it is in the thousands, is wasteful  spending. And at the end of the day, we need to understand, the  American people are counting on us to make hard decisions, and there  are lots and lots of hard decisions. But currently as a body, we are  not even discussing $30 trillion in debt. So I bring it to us again: We  have $30 trillion in debt. Let's start working on this.   I yield the floor.   