 Mr. Speaker, it is great to be here. I got a kick out of  the gentleman from Tennessee showing his age. He is talking about pot  when it was 2 percent THC. He is thinking pot is still this drug where  people get goofy and they eat Cheetos and nacho cheese Doritos.    He is not talking about the 99 percent THC pot that is being sold in  some of these States where they have legalized recreational pot. I  think that is really fun and anachronistic; very good to go back and  think about how things were in the late 1960s, early 1970s.   Let's talk about a Mother Jones article that I have before me where  they are analyzing the use of pot, and they are talking about, hey,  look, this is what happens, you start seeing paranoia and psychosis  come in. They are referring to New Zealand studies, long-term  longitudinal studies about the dangers of pot.   That is interesting. We are not going to even talk about that because  we don't have time to talk about that because we are focusing here on  descheduling marijuana. What that does is that incentivizes marijuana  use and distribution.   But this bill is also reckless in its approach. It provides no limits  on or requirements to clearly identify the potency of marijuana or its  extracts or concentrates. In 1995, for instance, the THC concentration  was about 4 percent on average. Today, it goes between 20 and 99  percent.   It also doesn't deal with what the Surgeon General says needs to be  the case, that the minimum age limit should be age 25. This doesn't get  into any age limit. It doesn't cover that, yet that is what the Surgeon  General says.   In fact, the Surgeon General's advisory says the human brain  continues to develop from birth into the mid 20s, vulnerable to the  effects of addictive substances, I don't know, like marijuana. In fact,  it goes on to say frequent marijuana use during adolescence is  associated with changes in the areas of the brain involving attention,  memory, decision-making, and motivation.   Adolescent marijuana use is associated with declines in IQ, school  performance and attendance, and life satisfaction, increased rates of  suicide attempts.   You know what this bill does? It is a lot of fun, folks. What it does  is, it says you can distribute this, under Federal law anyway, you can  distribute this to an 11-year-old kid. The 11-year-old kid is going to  have marijuana, be able to use it. You can't do anything to them here  for that, that is for sure.   What it does do is it creates a tax crime. It creates a tax crime.  You get rid of your marijuana crime, it creates some tax crimes. We all  know how great the Tax Code is for ease of use and understanding.   Section 3 of the bill removes marijuana from the schedule of the  Controlled Substances Act. It would no longer be a Federal crime to  possess or sell marijuana, including to 11 year olds. Section 5,  however, puts it into the Tax Code.   I think there is another fun aspect here. It talks about 600,000  arrests annually yet, the reality is that is for State and local  crimes. In fact, there were 1,100 marijuana convictions in 2020 under  Federal law. You know what those convictions were? Those were for  transport and distribution. Now you are not going to be able to get to  anybody for that.   Let's talk about how well this has worked in the L.A. Times pieces  that talk about this. The L.A. Times does a massive expose. What do  they find out? They say Prop 64 was going to solve all these problems,  solve the problems. Instead what you have are thousands of illegal grow  dispensaries. Why? Because they have a Byzantine code like what these  guys are setting up here today. So you have a crisis in L.A. County,  San Bernardino County and also in Riverside County.   Those grow farms use forced labor, as Mr. Bentz so eloquently talked  about, the Oregon grow farms. These are being run in southern  California by the cartels, who originate in Mexico, Ukraine, Russia,  Bulgaria, and China. Yeah, that is what you are going to do, you are  going to Federalize this. Well done. This is a piece of garbage. I  oppose this legislation.   