 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership  and giving me the opportunity to speak here tonight.   Mr. Speaker, while it is not surprising that Congress' budget process  is a total and utter failure, the good news is that there are solutions  to cut down on excessive spending, balance our budget, and prevent the  world's largest economy from self-destructing.   The American people know this. When you go back home and talk to the  American people, they know what is going on here is wrong. They know  that the family checkbook only goes so far. Choices have to be made.  They know the American family's checkbook out here in Washington, D.C.,  should live under the same constraints.   The solution is not to propose a budget with the highest sustained  levels of spending since World War II, as President Biden has done, or  to spend taxpayers' dollars at a faster pace than at any point in  history, as Congress has done the past 2 years. The solution is to stop  spending like there is no tomorrow and be fiscally responsible.   With inflation at a 40-year high, gas prices shattering new records,  and home prices surging, as the gentleman from Oklahoma said, I believe  every effort must be made to rein in wasteful Washington spending and  ensure that taxpayer dollars are not being thrown down the drain.   Simply put, instead of spending money as fast as Joe Biden leaves for  a Delaware vacation, it is time for fiscal responsibility in  Washington. This includes implementing good-government reforms, like  balancing our budget for the first time in over 20 years, which this  budget by the RSC does.   I thank the chairman for including a piece of legislation that I  introduced called the Agriculture Civil Rights and Equality Act, ACRE.   You might remember last year, Democrats in the American Rescue Plan  provided billions in debt relief assistance to some farmers, while  excluding others, based entirely on the color of their skin. That is  detestable. That is un-American.   The ACRE Act will ensure that this never happens again by explicitly  barring the USDA from discriminating against or granting preferential  treatment to any person, in whole or in part, based on race. Taxpayers  shouldn't be forced to finance unfair, unconstitutional racial quota  systems.   One of the main reasons I ran for this office is the same reason that  I ran in 2010. In Wisconsin, we had a $3 billion deficit. We all  remember, after the 2008 election, the policies that were put in place  in the ensuing 2 years were disastrous for America. Sounds familiar,  doesn't it? The same thing is a rewind from back in that period of  time.   I told my constituents we can fix the budget problems we had in  Wisconsin. Some people said: Yeah, we hear that all the time. I said:  You give us a decade, and we will get it done. We did exactly that.   Over the three terms that I sat on the budget writing committee in  the State of Wisconsin, if you look at where their budget is now as a  result of the little bit of work that I contributed to, along with my  colleagues in the State legislature, we fixed those budget problems in  Wisconsin. Now there is the largest rainy day fund in the history of  Wisconsin. This past budget returned $2 billion to the taxpayers of the  State. That is fiscal responsibility.   We can do the same here in Washington, D.C., but it is going to  require the will to do it. We can do it over the next decade, as the  chairman said. We get to balance in 7 years here. This is what the  American people are looking for. They want us to be fiscally  responsible because it will lead to more opportunity and prosperity  here in America and ensure American liberty for the future.    Mr. Speaker, I urge both Democrats and Republicans to say ``yes'' to  the  [[Page H5722]]  RSC budget, because it is good for America.   