 Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend, Cathy  McMorris Rodgers, the ranking member, for her eloquent defense of the  unborn child and their mothers because there are two co-victims in  every abortion: mother and baby. I thank her for her leadership. It is  extraordinary.   Madam Speaker, according to the January 2022 Marist Poll, only 17  percent of Americans believe that ``abortion should be available to a  woman any time she wants one during her entire pregnancy.''   When Americans were asked in late June--June 28 to 29--in a Harvard/ Harris Poll, a nationwide poll supervised by Mark Penn--and many of us  know him; he is a very effective pollster--and the question was put:  ``Do you think your State should allow abortions up to 9 months'' only  10 percent said ``yes.''   H.R. 8296 would legally authorize and enable the violent death of  unborn baby girls and boys by dismemberment, beheading, forced  expulsion from the womb, deadly poisons, or other methods at any time  and for any reason until birth.   Don't believe it?   Read section 4 of the bill. It couldn't be clearer.   This bill is far outside the American mainstream and goes far beyond  Roe v. Wade.    As a matter of fact, when the Harvard/Harris Poll asked whether or  not we should be doing what we are doing today in Congress, they  found--and I was a little bit astonished by this--that less than one- third of voters--31 percent--say that abortion laws should be federally  set by a congressional vote.   Let me point out to my colleagues because mention was made of this  earlier in the debate. Let me be clear, abortion is not healthcare  unless one construes the precious life of an unborn child to be  analogous to a tumor to be excised or a disease to be vanquished.   This legislation constitutes an existential threat to unborn  children. Since Roe v. Wade, approximately 63\1/2\ million babies have  been killed by dismemberment, chemical poisoning, and beheading--a  number that equates with the entire population of everyone living in  the country of Italy.   If enacted, this bill would nullify almost every pro-life restriction  ever enacted by the States, including parental involvement laws in 37  States and pain-capable unborn child protection laws in 19 States.   I remember when a woman from Virginia formed a group called Mothers  Against Minors' Abortion. That mom found out about her daughter's  abortion when she was hemorrhaging in her bed. She came and testified  before Congress and said: Please, we need to know. We love our  daughters. Parental notification laws do work.   Sadly, these will be nullified by this bill.   For decades abortion advocates have gone through extraordinary  lengths to ignore, trivialize, or cover up the battered baby victim.  But today, thanks to ultrasound, unborn babies are more visible than  ever before. Today science informs us that birth is an event--albeit,  an important one--but only an event in the life of a child. Life is a  continuum.   Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues to oppose this bill. The youngest  patients and their mothers need protection.   