 Madam Speaker, I do want to reiterate  congratulations and thanks to Chairwoman Maloney and Ranking Member  Comer.   I am a little disappointed, though, because our colleague, Mr. Young,  the dean of the House, is sitting right in front of my favorite  microphone. But I will go here.   I do want to say, this is a great day. We see bipartisanship in  action, bringing this bill to the floor.   I have been a strong supporter of the Postal Service throughout my  time in Congress. The Postal Service is a lifeline to many rural  communities across our country and many right in Illinois' 13th  District that I am proud to represent.   For many families, the Postal Service delivers lifesaving  medications, benefits, and messages from loved ones. Its services are  critical. That is why I have been a leader in supporting it and its  employees, like the letter carriers and the postmasters, who truly are  essential.   Because of the Postal Service's importance to my constituents, I have  worked with colleagues on both sides of the aisle to lead on  initiatives to ensure it is not privatized, delivers mail on Saturdays,  and retains strict service standards.   The Postal Service keeps us connected in ways electronic  communication and other services cannot. Additionally, it finishes  delivering packages for private companies in more rural regions of our  country, like mine.   I am glad we are here today, voting on this vital piece of  legislation that will provide more funding and resources to our postal  employees.   This bill, importantly, makes the Postal Service financially viable  for generations to come and implements efficiencies that will protect  taxpayers and consumers alike. Postmaster General Louis DeJoy projects  this legislation will save the Postal Service $58 billion over the next  10 years and correct the agency's long-term financial problems by 2030.  Additionally, the Congressional Budget Office estimates this  legislation will save the Federal Government $1.5 billion over 10  years.   For these reasons, I support this vital piece of legislation, and I  urge my colleagues to vote ``yes.''   