 Mr. President, reserving the right to object, and let me  be clear that the nature of my objection is not about the fact that  this legislation authorizes about $280 billion, I think, for healthcare  for veterans that resulted from toxic exposure and it creates new  categories of eligibility and it contemplates this and authorizes this  $280 billion of additional spending over 10 years.   What everybody should be aware of is that absent of this legislation,  existing statute already obligates the Federal Government, through the  VA, to spend about $400 billion over the next 10 years on veterans'  healthcare that results from veterans being exposed to toxic  circumstances during their service. So there is $400 billion that  preexisted this bill and $280 billion of new spending.   Now, the $400 billion that we were already going to spend--and we  will spend--is put under the discretionary spending caps in that  category of discretionary spending because, as you know, discretionary  spending is limited. There is a cap every year on how much can be spent  in this discretionary spending category. There is one other category of  spending around here, and that is mandatory spending that is not  subject to caps. That is just unlimited whatever is required.   The legislation puts the $280 billion in new spending in the  mandatory spending category, and we can argue about whether that is a  good idea or not. I don't think it is a great idea, but that is not  what really is outrageous about what is going on here. What is really  outrageous is in this legislation, they take the $400 billion that was  going to be spent anyway that is already preexisting under existing  statute--they take that out of discretionary spending and move it over  to mandatory spending.   Why would they do a thing like that? Why would that be necessary to  move $400 billion that is already authorized to be spent under current  law and move it out of discretionary and into the mandatory spending?  The reason is because that way you create a big gaping hole in the  discretionary spending category, which can be filled with another $400  billion of totally unrelated spending. Who knows on what? That is why  it had to be moved out of discretionary and into mandatory spending.   My objection isn't about the substance of this bill. It is about this  budgetary gimmick that is designed to allow hundreds of billions of  dollars of additional spending on totally unrelated, who-knows-what  categories. We have inflation hitting a 40-year high. We have a  government that has been spending trillions of dollars, too much  money--printing the money to spend--and everybody sees it every day at  the pump, at the grocery store, everywhere. And what this gimmick does  is it makes it possible to spend yet another $400 billion.   This is terrible policy. I am going to suggest the modification to  the unanimous consent request from my friend--and he is my friend--from  Montana. And it is very simple. It says nothing about the $280 billion  in new spending that is permitted under this legislation. It simply  would keep the $400 billion that we were going to spend anyway, keep it  right in the category that it has always been in--keep it in the  discretionary spending category so that it doesn't create this hole  that gets filled with another $400 billion on who knows what. That is  what my amendment does.   My amendment wouldn't reduce spending on veterans' healthcare by a  penny. It wouldn't, in any way, impede the ability of veterans to get  the healthcare that they need as a result of toxic exposures. It has  nothing to do with that. It is only about preventing huge, excessive  spending in other categories--who knows what--that would be permitted  under this bill.   Mr. President, therefore, I ask unanimous consent that the Senator  modify his request to include my amendment to the Tester resolution;  that the amendment be considered and agreed to; that the resolution, as  amended, be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made  and laid upon the table without intervening action or debate.    I object.   