 Madam Speaker, I greatly appreciate the gentleman  according me the time. I thank the ranking member for being here, a  dear friend, as well.   Madam Speaker, and still I rise. I rise today as the Representative  of those persons who work in the VA hospital in Houston, Texas, known  as the Michael E. DeBakey hospital, one of the finest, in my opinion,  because it is in my Congressional district, the finest VA hospital in  the world.   I go there quite regularly. In fact, annually, we go into that  hospital and we deliver flags to every veteran that is in the hospital.  We will order a thousand flags this year to deliver to the hospital.   We give them a copy of the Constitution. We work with not only the  administration but also the nurses and the doctors at the hospital. We  are there for celebrations. We are actively involved with the VA.   This is one of the reasons why I believe I have some insight as to  H.R. 1948. I support it fully, and I do so because it is the thing that  every employee here has in our offices.   I shouldn't say every. If you are in management, I think you may be  excluded.   But I voted for that to give them the right to organize, and I am  talking about here in Congress. I also am a member of a labor union,  Local 1550. I am a dues checkoff member. So it would be completely  anathema to my philosophy for me to conclude that these nurses and  these physicians should be denied rights that I have, when I'm a part  of a labor union, or others do--and right here in Congress we have  people with these rights--it would just be out of character for me.   That is just not all of it. I understand the importance and the value  of the right to organize and to bring to the attention of people who  can make a difference some of the issues that are impacting patients  that the administration won't be aware of. And there are many people  who won't want to speak up simply because they fear retribution.   The right to organize is the right to speak up and understand that  you can do so without retribution.   I would also add that this right to organize does not accord the  workers the right to strike. They are not going to go on strike. They  are not going to shut down a VA hospital. They are not going to have  the ability to cause the management to have to take some extreme  measures. This is just to give people the opportunity to talk about the  things that are important to the patients.   We are really doing something for the patients today. We are giving  them more power by allowing the workers to organize.   Madam Speaker, I stand by what I have said, and I support H.R. 1948.   