 Mr. President, I disagree with the last speaker's  characterization of the issue he was bringing up, but I want to stay  focused on voting rights because this is an important moment for the  U.S. Senate.   This is our opportunity to debate the need for voting protection and  voting rights, but I do want to make one comment.   My colleagues on the other side of the aisle have said that they  welcome an opportunity to debate voting rights legislation and talk  about ways that we can get this bill to have bipartisan support.   The majority leader, several weeks ago, offered a motion to proceed  on voting rights. He filed cloture so that we could get on the bill and  have the type of debate that my colleagues now are telling us they want  to have, and not a single Republican voted to proceed on voting rights  legislation at that time. So I find it a little bit disheartening to  hear this newfound desire to start taking up voting rights when we have  been negotiating and talking and debating this issue now for this  entire Congress. We also have a historic opportunity to vote on voting  rights if we take advantage of that opportunity.   I represent the State of Maryland, and I know we have talked about 19  States that are moving in the wrong direction on protecting voting  rights. Maryland is not one of those States. In fact, the Maryland  Legislature has taken steps to make it easier for voters to be able to  register and cast their votes.   The Voting Rights Act was authored by my Congressman,   John  Sarbanes, and I am proud of the work that he has done because  Marylanders recognize that we administer elections locally but that we  need national standards, and that is why this legislation is under  consideration.   After the Civil War and Reconstruction, powerful officials sought to  nullify the political outcome of the Civil War. They passed laws and  instituted policies that enforced segregation. We all know those laws:  the Jim Crow laws, the Black Codes, the institutionalized segregation.  They were enabled by Jim Crow laws that were aimed at disenfranchising  minority voters with poll taxes and literacy tests and voter  intimidation--rationalized in protecting our national security and  voter integrity.  [[Page S319]]    Thanks to courageous leaders, we were able to reverse those laws--by  Presidents such as Harry Truman, in 1948, in integrating our military;  by our courts in the landmark decision in 1954 of Brown v. Board of  Education, and Marylanders are proud of Thurgood Marshall, a native son  of Maryland's, in the role that he played in arguing that case before  the Supreme Court; and by our Congress with its historic action in 1964  to pass the Civil Rights Act, in 1965 to pass the Voting Rights Act,  and in 1968 to pass the Fair Housing Act.   Today, we are now seeing a renewed effort for Jim Crow-type laws,  aimed at disenfranchising targeted voters. My colleagues have talked  about it, and I am not going to repeat it here today because I know  that time is running short. We know that these laws are aimed at making  it more difficult for minority communities to be able to cast their  votes. My colleague from New Jersey talked about students.   Marginal groups are targeted because those who are enacting these  laws think it will help them politically. Why now? The answer is pretty  simple: the 2020 election. It was an election in which more people  voted than ever before, and it was judged to be the most secure  election in American history. But because Donald Trump lost, for the  first time in the history of this Nation, we had the loser claim that  the election was stolen in order to rationalize his loss.   That Big Lie is what motivated legislatures to pass laws to make it  more difficult for vulnerable people to be able to vote, to effect  election results, presenting a clear danger to our democracy itself on  voter integrity and in the confidence of voters that our system is  actually working.   Now is the time for the Senate to show courage to debate, as we are  doing today, and to vote on two bills.   The Freedom to Vote Act sets minimum Federal standards with State- administered election laws. We have gone through all of the different  provisions, so I am not going to go through them again, but we need to  have these national standards because of the actions of these 19 States  and other reasons, such as the dark money that my colleague from Rhode  Island pointed out, voter intimidation issues, and restoring democracy.  There are so many issues that are in it that are important in order to  restore voter confidence.   We need to pass the John R. Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act to  restore the Voting Rights Act, because of the Supreme Court's decision,  and restore precertification.   As has been put out by my colleagues, this has been historically  supported by both Democrats and Republicans. Again, we need one  Republican to vote to proceed to this, for those who are saying they  are willing to debate this issue. Today, Senators will have the  opportunity to vote and to be on the right side of history.   The Senate filibuster prevented the passage of civil rights  legislation to reverse the Jim Crow laws until, finally, in 1964, the  filibuster ended, and the Senate voted.   By invoking cloture, we can vote now to protect the voting rights of  Americans. We can do it right now by passing cloture and being on the  right side of history. If cloture is denied, we will have the  opportunity to restore the Senate to its best traditions--to debate and  vote; to require those who want to use rule XIX--and rule XIX is our  filibuster rule--to actually be on the floor and debate. No more pocket  filibusters.   As for the Senate rules changes that we have all been talking about-- and I have been listening to my colleagues--let me just talk a little  bit about changing Senate practice--let alone a constitutional issue,  such as voting rights, should have priority over any of the procedural  issues that we have here on the floor of the Senate and let alone  restoring the Senate to a working body should have priority over the  interpretations of some of our rules. Let me talk about the rule  itself.   If you look at the 20th century, basically, legislation was  considered on the floor of the Senate through comity and debate and  compromise, and we were able to bring issues to the floor for a vote.  Rarely--very rarely--was a filibuster used. Why? Because you had to  come to the floor and talk. It was very time-consuming. It took a lot  of time off the Senate floor. It was inconvenient for the Member to  have to stand up here and talk. So we were able to come together. It  wasn't through a cloture vote that it ended; it ended because people  didn't want to go through the inconvenience of talking or we were able  to resolve it.   We are talking about restoring the Senate to its best traditions.  Many have talked about, we are going to change the filibuster rule. No,  we are not suggesting changing the filibuster rule. The filibuster rule  is coming to the floor to speak. It is the cloture that is the  60 votes. You don't need cloture if you run the clock on the  filibuster.    What we need to do is prevent dilatory actions, and that is why the  leader's point is going to be important. We are trying to restore the  Senate to a body that can work together by requiring that Members come  to the floor and speak and vote by how the Framers of the Senate rules  intended at the end of the day.   To my friend from West Virginia, this gives us the chance to start to  work together. I couldn't agree with him more. We do need to come  together in a bipartisan way and let our committees work. We need to  look into the Senate rules. But we first need to move on action, and  this is a fundamental bill that we need to move forward.   The leader is framing this in a very narrow way so he can get this  bill moving and use this as an example to work together, Democrats and  Republicans, so the Senate can restore its practices and so we all can  be proud Members of a body that debates and votes. That is what we can  do while respecting each Member's rights and respecting minority  rights.   I urge my colleagues to support cloture and, if cloture fails, to  support the leader's point and be on the right side of history.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from Arkansas.   