 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, Washington Democrats have spent nearly  2 years--2 years--borrowing, printing, and spending our economy into  turmoil. Families and businesses across Middle America are paying the  price. I met with many of them in my home State of Kentucky over the  past few weeks.   Since President Biden took office, prices in the Commonwealth have  spiked by 13 percent. At the same time, we still have 19,000 fewer  workers than before the pandemic.   During a meeting with the Kentucky Association of Manufacturers in  Louisville, I heard directly from employers who would, under different  circumstances, be powering our recovery. Instead, many are struggling  to find enough workers to meet consumer demand.   In Hopkinsville, I spoke to farmers who have watched the price of  energy skyrocket, raising the cost of everything from fuel to  fertilizer. As a result, all Americans are paying higher prices at the  grocery store.   While Eastern Kentucky struggles to recover from devastating floods,  supply  [[Page S4453]]  chain issues and the increased cost of building materials are  hamstringing the repair process and making it even harder to rebuild.   I am sure my Democratic colleagues heard similar stories during their  own August travel. Kentuckians aren't the only Americans feeling  pinched.   The official inflation numbers confirmed that yet again just after  the Senate adjourned last month--a fifth straight month of inflation  above 8 percent. Inflated gas prices, inflated utility bills, the worst  explosion in grocery costs since 1979--these are the painful effects of  Democrats' reckless spending.   Americans keep communicating over and over and over that runaway  costs are their top concern, and they didn't like what President Biden  and his party are doing about it.   Ah, but amazingly, just a few days before the latest inflation  report, Democrats had just pushed through hundreds of billions of  dollars more in liberal waste on a party-line basis. Democrats packed  their bill with an environmentalist wish list that won't even affect  climate. They sold it--listen to this--as an Inflation Reduction Act  even though experts found it would do absolutely nothing meaningful to  reduce inflation. They did find room for massive, job-killing tax hikes  that will hit manufacturing especially hard and kill jobs on the brink  of a possible recession.   It is not getting any easier to put food on the table, pay rent, or  even keep the lights on, but here we are again, starting another Senate  work period with not one word from the Democratic leader about plans to  bring bills to the floor to cut inflation, fight the crimewave, or  secure the border.   The American people have communicated loud and clear what their  priorities are, and Democrats keep communicating loud and clear they  simply do not care.   