 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, despite the gridlock that occasionally  grips this Chamber, the Senate has managed to advance some great  bipartisan bills since the beginning of this Congress.   All of the attention seems to focus on our disagreements, not where  we agree, and there is no question that there are big disagreements  here and for good reasons. But the media seems to miss the smaller but  no less important bills that earn bipartisan support every day.   Over the last couple of years, the Senate has unanimously-- unanimously--approved bills that I have introduced to support victims  of child abuse, provide tax relief to survivors of human trafficking,  strengthening our trade relationships with Canada and Mexico, and  building safer and healthier communities.   It is no secret that our country is in the midst of a mental health  crisis. We do not have a mental health delivery system in America. We  made some great strides recently with the Mental Health and Safe  Communities Act that made an unprecedented investment in community- based mental health care.   We all know that the mental health crisis does not discriminate. It  affects people of all ages, from all walks of life, and it is creating  serious challenges for law enforcement who are often the first to  respond when someone is experiencing a mental health crisis. Police  officers will tell you that they don't have the training or expertise,  ordinarily, to assist these individuals in the most effective way  possible because they are not mental health professionals. We can't  expect the police to solve every problem that they face on the streets  of our country, whether it has to do with mental health, drug  overdoses, homelessness, or the like. They have simply been asked to do  too much without the resources or support they need, and that needs to  change.   That is where the Justice and Mental Health Collaboration Program  comes in. For nearly two decades, this program has provided critical  grants to help law enforcement assist individuals experiencing a mental  health crisis. That includes mental health courts, crisis intervention  teams, and other programs that promote public safety and improve mental  health outcomes and reduce recidivism.   Communities across my State of Texas are working to bridge the gap  between criminal justice and mental health, and I was able to hear  about some of that work during the August recess.   In the city of Pharr, in the Rio Grande Valley, for example, I sat  down with local law enforcement officers and mental health  professionals, as well as local civic leaders, to talk about the city's  innovative mental health unit.   The Pharr Police Department launched this unit in 2020 to improve the  quality of outcomes for individuals in crisis and the community as a  whole. Mental health officers are trained to respond to these crises in  the most effective and compassionate way possible, and the city of  Pharr has experienced great results over the last couple of years. The  program has even been recognized as the ``Organization of the Year'' at  the Texas Crisis Intervention Team Association annual conference.   It is a shining success story, and the Pharr Police Department is  eager to do more. That is why the Justice and Mental Health  Collaboration Grant Program is important--because it provides  additional resources.   In the past, the mental health unit in the city of Pharr received a  $550,000 grant, which will be used to expand the reach and impact of  the program in the community, and I introduced a bill with Senator  Klobuchar, our colleague from Minnesota, to ensure that these grants  can deliver even bigger benefits.   Our bill would allow grants to be used for mental health courts and  veterans treatment programs--two incredible resources to provide  individuals who are struggling with the treatment they need.   Grant recipients could also use these funds to improve officer  training. As I said, most police officers aren't trained to deal with  people in a mental health crisis, and things like deescalation training  are really important for the safety of the person experiencing the  crisis as well as the law enforcement officer.   But these grants can also enhance services for substance use  disorders and suicide prevention programs, and they would be able to  invest in 24/7, 365-day crisis response capabilities.   All of these recommendations in this legislation came from the men  and women on the frontlines. They come face-to-face with America's  mental health crisis every day, and these are the changes that they  have suggested and asked for.   But, obviously, I am not alone in supporting the program. As I said,  this bill was introduced with Senator Klobuchar, and it has more than a  dozen bipartisan cosponsors, including the chairman and the ranking  member of the Senate Judiciary Committee. And the bill passed the U.S.  Senate last summer with unanimous support.   So that is just one example of the bipartisan work we have done here  that doesn't get a lot of attention but will go a long way to improve  our criminal justice system and how it deals with people who are  struggling.   Last year, the Senate approved legislation that I introduced with  Senator Whitehouse, the Senator from Rhode Island, to help incarcerated  individuals break the cycle of addiction. This legislation updates the  Residential Substance Abuse Treatment Program and expands it to  treatment in jails and prisons across the country. The program has  already provided incarcerated individuals with access to treatment for  substance use disorders. That treatment is coupled with programs to  prepare these men and women for reentry and to provide community-based  treatment once they are released, hopefully, to help them lead  productive, law-abiding lives.   Our legislation opens up even more opportunities for successful  rehabilitation and continued recovery, and it  [[Page S5123]]  gives providers more options when it comes to treating substance use  disorders. It requires program staff to be trained on the science of  addiction, evidence-based therapies, and strategies for continuity of  care. And it ensures programs are affiliated with providers who can  continue treatment after incarceration.   We have done a lot of good work, if I can say so myself, on a  bipartisan basis, to try to deal with things like addiction, things  like mental health crises because typically what happens in the absence  of these programs is law enforcement ends up getting a 9-1-1 call, and  they have nowhere to take the person other than to the local jail.   Not that long ago, I met with a group of major city police chiefs,  and I was asked by a friend of mine--one of the police chiefs--who  said: Would you like to meet the largest mental health provider in the  country? He is the police chief of the Los Angeles Police Department.   So in the absence of these kinds of programs, these innovative  programs, what you are seeing is people warehoused in jails or prisons,  only to repeat their offenses again because the core problems that they  are experiencing aren't being addressed. That is true in addiction.  That is true with mental health.   So these changes that I am talking about were not drafted in a  vacuum. We consulted with law enforcement, criminal justice  specialists, and behavioral health experts. And, once again, this bill  passed unanimously in the Senate.   Despite the fact that these two bills that I have talked about got  support of 100 Senators, both have hit a brick wall in the House. The  House has yet to schedule a vote on either one of those pieces of  legislation. It is not clear to me why the House won't take up and pass  these obviously nonpartisan, important pieces of legislation.   These are two bills to improve the way our criminal justice system  supports people who are struggling and gives them the best possible  shot at healthy and productive lives.   They were drafted here, as I said, on a bipartisan basis, based on  feedback and input of the people who know this topic best, and they  will improve public safety and individual outcomes.   So I hope the House will take up and pass these bills without further  delay. I hope there isn't a resistance to these bills because some of  this money goes to fund police departments.   As we have seen over the last couple of years, some of our Democratic  colleagues reflexively oppose any effort to send funding to police  departments. We all remember the ``defund the police'' movement.   When this became a major political liability, though, obviously,  those who had advocated for defunding the police tried to run for  cover.   Last week, the House passed a partisan police funding bill that is  loaded down with so many poison pills that it stands no chance of  becoming law here in the Senate. In short, they can now say they voted  for a police funding bill, even though they know it is guaranteed to go  nowhere.   Meanwhile, there are great bipartisan bills that do support the  police that are just one vote and a signature away from becoming law.  The difference is, these aren't messaging bills. These aren't designed  to provide people with political cover or mistaken positions that they  have taken in the past. The goal was never to make a point or force a  tough vote on our colleagues across the aisle.   Bipartisan, good policy--these bills give law enforcement the tools  they need in order to succeed at the very difficult job we know they  have, and both of them passed the Senate without a single dissenting  vote.   So given the fact that America is facing a mental health crisis and  an overdose epidemic, there could not be a more important time to take  up and pass these bills.   So I hope if anybody in the House is listening in the leadership,  they will consider the fact that by one vote they can get these bills  on the President's desk, and we can't let antipolice rhetoric stand in  the way of good policy or helping those who deserve and need our help.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   