 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, earlier this week, we celebrated Labor  Day, a day when Americans come together to honor the people who make  this country work.   Whether you punch a clock, whether you swipe a badge, whether you  earn a salary, whether you make tips, whether you are caring for  children or an  [[Page S4467]]  aging parent, all labor has dignity. When work has dignity, hard work  pays off for everyone, no matter who you are, where you live, what kind  of work you do. Yet we know that for so many Americans, their work  simply doesn't pay off like it should.   Look at what has happened in Minnesota, Ohio, and Rhode Island--and I  know Senator Grassley is coming out--and in Iowa. Look what has  happened over the last 30, 40 years. Executive salaries have soared.  CEO pay is up 1,300 percent since 1978--1,300 percent. Corporate  profits have risen. Stock prices are up. Workers are more productive  than ever before. But for decades--for decades--wages barely budged for  most Americans. Their purchasing power has largely been flat for some  five decades because Wall Street rewards corporations that raise prices  without raising paychecks. Wall Street rewards stock buybacks. Wall  Street rewards union busting. Wall Street really rewards shipping jobs  overseas. Wall Street rewards automating jobs. Wall Street rewards  outsourcing full-time, in-house work to contractors.   Wall Street analysts actually downgrade stock prices when American  companies invest in American workers, in American production. If a  company owns a new factory in Ohio, Wall Street might often downgrade  its stock. If that same company instead buys back its own stock,  sending 40 percent of the returns to foreign investors, Wall Street  rewards it.   We work to change that. For the first time in far too long, we have a  government on the side of workers. We have a dues-paying union member  as Labor Secretary.   Contrast this Labor Secretary--a laborers' union activist who carried  a union card before he came; I think he still does as Secretary of  Labor--contrast that with the Trump Secretary of Labor, who worked for  one of the major world leaders in union busting and who made millions  of dollars a year by busting unions.   We took on Big Oil--I am sorry. We have a National Labor Relations  Board actually looking out for workers and willing to go after union  busting. We passed the most pro-worker infrastructure bill ever, the  strongest ``buy American'' provisions ever in a piece of legislation.  We have taken historic steps to put workers first, to invest in  American workers, to make our economy work for every American, not just  CEOs and not just Wall Street.    That is what you came to the Senate from Minnesota for, and that is  what Senator Whitehouse came from Rhode Island for--to make these  fights.   We passed the CHIPS Act to bring our supply chains home, to bring  down prices for American families, and to create thousands--tens of  thousands of good-paying union jobs in Ohio and across the country.   This groundbreaking that President Biden and I and Congressman Ryan  and others are going to do this Friday in Licking County, OH, will  mean, at a minimum, 5,000 good-paid, union, building trades jobs-- carpenters, electricians, pipefitters, laborers, ultimately  millwrights, so many others--at least 5,000 over the next 2 or 3 years  that will last at least for 10 years.   Passing the CHIPS Act brings our supply chains home to bring down  prices for American families. We passed the Inflation Reduction Act,  taking on three of the most powerful special interests in Washington.  We took on the big drug companies, Big Pharma, to bring down drug  prices. We took on Big Oil to lower energy prices and create jobs,  union jobs, in the industries of the future. We took on Wall Street,  finally taxing stock buybacks that reward CEOs and executives at the  expense--always at the expense--of workers and jobs.   These are big wins for workers--together, the biggest steps we have  taken in decades to create an industrial policy that puts our most  valuable resource--American workers--first. It counters the business  model where corporations hopscotch the globe in search of lower wages  and lower wages and lower wages.   From the infrastructure bill, the CHIPS Act, the Inflation Reduction  Act, we have laid down a new marker. The technology of the future, from  semiconductors to batteries, to electric vehicles, will be developed in  America, made in America by American workers.   It hasn't been easy. Our work is far from finished, but I am  optimistic. I see more momentum behind the labor movement than at any  time in my career. All over the country, more and more workers are  seeing that unions are the best way to have a voice, from Starbucks to  Amazon. Seventy percent of Americans--I don't ever remember it being  that high--70 percent of Americans approve of unions; for sure, the  highest level of support in 50 years.   More people than ever want to join a union. They know that carrying a  union card means higher wages. It means better benefits. It means  better working conditions. It means more control--particularly for  young families or families taking care of an aging parent--more control  over your schedule.   We know what workers are up against when they organize. Corporations  unleash all their power to fight their own workers--too often,  illegally. It is why I will never stop fighting to pass the PRO Act to  finally level the playing field between workers and corporations in  union organizing.   This week, we honor the workers who built this country. We recommit  ourselves to the fights ahead because when work has dignity, every  American is paid the living wage they have earned. When workers have  dignity, all workers can afford childcare and healthcare and housing.  When workers have dignity, American workers have retirement security  and paid leave and power over their schedules and their lives--because  when you love this country, you fight every day for the people who make  it work. That is what the labor movement has done for a century; it is  what I will continue to do.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to legislative session and be in a period of morning business,  with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration and  the Senate proceed to S. Res. 737.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that when the  Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m. on  Thursday, September 8, and that following the prayer and pledge, the  morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved  to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later  in the day, and morning business be closed; that upon the conclusion of  morning business, the Senate proceed to executive session to resume  consideration of the Mathis nomination, postcloture; and that all  postcloture time on the nomination be considered expired at 11:30 a.m.;  further, that following the vote on the Mathis nomination, the Senate  resume consideration of the Mendoza nomination; that the cloture  motions filed during yesterday's session ripen at 1:45 p.m., and that  at 1:45 p.m. the Senate vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the  Mendoza nomination; finally, that if any nominations are confirmed  during Thursday's session, the motions to reconsider be considered made  and laid upon the table and the President be notified immediately of  the Senate's action.    Finally, Madam President, if there is no further business  to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand  adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of my  colleague, Senator Grassley.   