 Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   This bipartisan amendment is the Preventing a Patronage System Act,  H.R. 302, which was reported from the House Committee on Oversight and  Reform, and which also passed the House as Title 12 of the Protecting  Our Democracy Act.   The Preventing a Patronage System Act is prompted by attempts to  eliminate expertise and acumen from our civilian civil service.   Since the inception of the civil service system in 1883 with the  Pendleton Act, administrations have acted to create formal exceptions  to the competitive service only five times.   These excepted service categories are created for limited positions  that require unique hiring or operating rules, like for positions of a  short-term political nature or positions in remote areas, or where  there is a critical, technical hiring need so great that competitive  civil service rules cannot meet the need.   In these limited cases, individuals hired into positions classified  in excepted service are not vested with certain civil service appeal  rights because they have not undergone the required competitive hiring  process.   On October 21, 2020, the then President signed executive order 13957  to create a sixth and broad excepted service schedule, a new schedule,  Schedule F.   This order undermined the merit system principles of our Federal  workforce by requiring agency heads to reclassify broadly policy- determining,  [[Page H6469]]  policymaking, or policy-advocating positions to a newly created  Schedule F category, removing the appeal rights of affected Federal  employees.   One agency alone, the Office of Management and Budget, planned to  reclassify 400 positions to Schedule F. That is 80 percent of its  workforce.   On January 22, 2021, as one of the President's first executive  orders, Executive Order 14003 revoked the creation of Schedule F.   The danger remains, however, that a future President could attempt to  erode the foundation of our merit system principles, over 140 years  old, by resurrecting something similar to a Schedule F.   The Preventing a Patronage Act stems from a bipartisan provision that  would freeze Federal employee reclassifications to the five existing  excepted service schedules in use prior to fiscal year 2021.   This amendment preserves congressional roles and prerogatives in  determining which Federal employees are vested with civil service  protections and which are not. Future administrations would simply be  required to come to Congress for statutory authority before making  sweeping changes to the Federal workforce.   This amendment seeks to preserve core principles of our civil  service, the expertise and not political loyalty of our workforce.   The provision is endorsed by the American Federation of Government  Employees, the National Treasury Employees Union, the National Active  and Retired Federal Employees Association, the Senior Executives  Association, the National Federation of Federal Employees, and many  other unions and good government groups.   I am proud this bipartisan amendment is cosponsored by my Republican  friend from Pennsylvania, Brian Fitzpatrick.   Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, my friend from Georgia has it all wrong. He is right  about the will of the people, but the will of the people does not elect  a tyrant, a dictator, or a king. They elect a President to preside who  is subject to the careful checks and balances of the Constitution of  the United States.   For 140 years, this Congress, after passing the Pendleton Act, has  insisted that our civil service should not be partisan. In fact, we  passed the Hatch Act to regulate their political activities, unlike any  other American, to ensure that the American people get fair, unbiased,  and nonpartisan service from their public servants.   Schedule F that was proposed by the previous President upturned that  and if it had been implemented fully, it would have politicized the  civil service in an unprecedented way that would have returned us to  the spoils system of the 19th century. That is what we are doing here.   The second thing we are doing, which my friend may or may not care  about but many of us do, is to reassert the role of Congress,  irrespective of who is in the White House.   Any President must come to this body before he or she proposes to  create a new Cabinet office, dissolve an existing one, or change it  fundamentally. That is what this simple amendment does. It is a  bipartisan amendment. I urge its adoption.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support amendment  495, an amendment that cuts red tape and removes burdensome  requirements placed on art in embassies abroad; an amendment, by the  way, that was offered by my Republican friends at last year's NDAA.  That is why we are here tonight.   The Art in Embassies Program is a public-private partnership that  exhibits American art in our diplomatic outposts throughout the world.  The program engages over 20,000 participants globally, including  artists, museums, galleries, universities, and private collectors and  encompasses over 200 venues in 189 countries.   The program has promoted cultural diplomacy through art by way of  artist exchanges and programs exhibiting a diverse group of American  artists and international artists and artists from the host countries.   For example, in 2019, the African-American experience was the central  focus of the AIE exhibit in Kigali, an exhibit that featured works by a  number of African-American artists.   The Art in Embassies Program has a long track record of advancing  U.S. public diplomacy through temporary and permanent art exhibits,  publications, and cultural exchanges.   The Museum of Modern Art, MOMA, first envisioned this global visual  arts program in 1953. President John F. Kennedy, who understood the  value of art in diplomacy, formalized it as an important tool for our  State Department back in 1963.   Unfortunately, the 2021 legislation placed unnecessary and repetitive  reporting requirements on the program that threaten its viability. It  limits the purchase to $25,000, and anything above that has to come to  Congress for review.   These requirements require Congress to review all art that is  purchased for the Art in Embassies Program beyond that limit. That  places a tedious and gratuitous strain on our ability to run the  program at all.   These attacks on cultural exchange programs are not new. Sadly, in  the 1940s, in sort of a red scare moment in the United States, Members  of Congress attempted to defund and delegitimize the works of modern  American artists across the board.   The Art in Embassies Program not only showcases our fundamental  respect for the basic right to free expression, pluralistic beliefs,  and American creativity, it is also an important tool for the United  States to advance our public diplomacy priorities and support  influential cultural exchanges.   This simple amendment would sunset the requirement 1 year early from  the 2-year sunset that is provided in the current law.   Maya Freelon Asante, an artist who has participated in the Arts in  Embassies cultural exchanges, recently said it best: ``Art used as a  form of cultural diplomacy is more important now than ever because art  can transcend language and cultural barriers and helps us focus on  positive and peaceful alliances.''   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to adopt this amendment, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, the intolerance we just heard, referring  to this amendment as ridiculous, coupled with the admission by the  gentleman from Tennessee that he wants congressional review so that it  is zero.   Art is a powerful tool fighting war. Look at Picasso's Guernica;  maybe the most evocative anti-war painting ever.   I was in Madrid for the NATO Summit where I spoke about war and peace  to the heads of state at NATO just 2 weeks ago. I visited the Prado,  and I looked at one of the most powerful pictures I've ever seen by  Goya about Napoleonic occupation of his homeland, Spain. He witnessed  that horror, and he depicted it, and it drove him almost into madness,  what he witnessed.   Maybe my friend thinks that art ought to be zero, but I believe  millions of Americans would disagree, and so do I.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to adopt this amendment and not to  go the route of zero art in America, and I yield back the balance of my  time.   