 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 3294, a bill  to honor Supreme Court Justices Sandra Day O'Connor and Ruth Bader  Ginsburg with statues here in the United States Capitol.   Both overcame formidable barriers and defied the odds, paving the way  for future generations of women, but Justice Sandra Day O'Connor holds  a special place in the hearts of all Arizonans.   Born on a ranch in eastern Arizona, Justice O'Connor brought a tough,  no-nonsense attitude with her throughout her career in public service.  She blazed every trail she set foot on. And just this past Saturday,  she celebrated her 92nd birthday.   Justice O'Connor served as Arizona's assistant attorney general, the  first female majority leader to serve in any State senate across the  United States of America, and as a Maricopa County Superior Court  judge. In 1981, she took her Arizona brand of independence and  pragmatism with her to the United States Supreme Court.   Justice O'Connor shattered the highest glass ceiling in the legal  profession, but Arizonans most admire her for the way she made it  there, with unparalleled talent, intelligence, and relentless grit.   Her independent-minded commitment to interpreting the Constitution  and reaching workable decisions served our Nation and the rule of law  well.   One of the things that I most admire about Justice O'Connor is what  she did after she retired from the United States Supreme Court. She  foresaw deep divisions in our society and our politics. She knew that  we needed to improve civil discourse if we hoped to keep our democracy  strong.    Mr. Speaker, after 25 years on the Court, she came back  to Arizona and got right back to work.   She founded the Sandra Day O'Connor Institute For American Democracy  in Phoenix to promote civic education, inspiring future generations to  not only participate in our democracy but to contribute to it with the  same degree of thoughtfulness, civility, and grace that she has  throughout her amazing career.   I have been lucky enough to work with her and the institute through  the Camp O'Connor civics education program for middle school students.  I saw firsthand the difference that program makes in the lives of our  next generation of leaders, and I saw how much Justice O'Connor truly  cares about those children and about all people.   That is her legacy to me.   Justice O'Connor and Justice Ginsburg were deeply committed in their  service to the American people. They are more than deserving of this  recognition.   