 Madam Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Omar for continuing  to be a champion on this issue, and I thank the Congresswoman for being  here this evening.   As it was said before, we are the wealthiest nation on Earth. We  should be able to feed every child and every person, period, point- blank. We have the resources--financial, natural, and intellectual--to  help feed every child on the planet. The fact that we are choosing not  to do so is a policy choice. It is not a choice based on a lack of  resources.   As we focus on school lunches and children in our schools, we often  talk about education. The conversation that has been happening over the  last several decades is a conversation that focuses on something called  the achievement gap.   We often look at the achievement gap through the lens of race. We say  that Black and Latino students are outperformed by their White and  Asian counterparts. What we don't often talk about is the achievement  gap through the lens of economic distress and poverty.   What we know is children who suffer from poverty and live in poverty  do more poorly in school than their middle-class and upper-middle-class  counterparts. Poverty is obviously related to food insecurity and  hunger.   Poverty and everything that comes with it is a complex trauma. Hunger  is also a complex trauma. Children will not thrive in a school setting  if we continue to allow them to be hungry.   This is not just about their academic performance. This is about  their physical development. This is also about their social and  emotional development as well. It is also about their mental health  both in school and out of school.   This is not something that is only confined to what happens in our  schools. We have to look at, consider, and think about what happens in  their post-graduation environment. Children who are hungry and children  who suffer from the complex traumas that I mentioned before will have  lower or less positive health and economic outcomes over the course of  their lives.   It is our duty and responsibility as the United States Government,  with the power of the purse and the power of the intellectual and  natural resources, to make sure we have preschool lunches in our  schools and to make sure our children are fed.   I also want to mention a few other components that take place in  schools that we don't often talk about as it relates to school lunches,  poverty, and hunger. When we look at the school-to-prison pipeline,  when we look at school suspensions, and when we look at school  expulsions, when we look at these things, when we look at who is placed  in special education, these are children who come from challenging  [[Page H5597]]  circumstances rooted in poverty and also rooted in hunger and the  trauma in their communities and in their homes.   Again, it is our duty and responsibility to get this done. To use  language used by some of my more conservative colleagues, this is a  national security issue because if we are not feeding our children,  then we are not educating our children. If we are not educating our  children, then we do not have a healthy society and we do not have a  healthy democracy.   The well-being of our children is a pillar of our country going  forward, and in order for them to receive the nourishment and education  that they need, we must make sure they are fed and fed well and are not  food insecure.   