 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, we are here today to discuss what House Democrats are  now calling the America COMPETES Act, and frankly, it is a shame. It is  a shame that they are framing this as a bill about competitiveness.  While it may have started as just that, it has now morphed into another  attempt to impose the Democrats' out-of-touch agenda on America.   Mr. Speaker, the sad reality is that we are in desperate need of a  competitiveness bill. The Chinese Communist Party is trying to overtake  us and intends to overtake us as the global leader in science and  technology because they know that leadership in science directly  equates to a stronger economy, a more secure homeland, and greater  influence in ethical standards that underpin all of our emerging  technologies.   It is no wonder that the Chinese Communist Party is doing everything  in its power to take every possible advantage in this global  competition. The Chinese Communist Party is outspending us on research  and development. They are graduating more STEM students and building  their high-tech workforce faster than we are, and they are acquiring  valuable research and intellectual property through any means  necessary, absolutely including forced acquisition and theft.   Mr. Speaker, they are stealing their way to the top, and it is not an  exaggeration to say that countering China's global influence must be  one of our highest priorities in Congress.   The House Science, Space, and Technology Committee with Chairwoman  Johnson's and Ranking Member Lucas' leadership took on this  responsibility--and rightly so--and did what the American people expect  us to do. We spent more than 1 year meeting with stakeholders,  gathering feedback, finding consensus policies, and passing bipartisan  legislation. In total, with their leadership and with the great work of  the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, we passed a dozen bills  to double down on our investment and transformative basic research,  build our STEM workforce, and strategically support the most important  emerging technologies like artificial intelligence, quantum sciences,  and advanced manufacturing.    While you will hear about all of those bills that are in this  package, Mr. Speaker, it is inaccurate to say this is a China bill or a  competitiveness bill. I want to be crystal clear: This is not  bipartisan legislation, and it is not focused on the problems at hand.   If the Speaker and our colleagues, the House Democrats, were serious  about addressing the threat from the Chinese Communist Party, then they  would have moved our science bill--those dozen bills--into conference  months ago. We have been ready to go since June, and everyone who has  worked on it on both sides of the aisle knows it. That is when the two  core elements of our package passed the House with overwhelming  bipartisan support.   Instead, this body wasted all summer and fall on massive spending  bills like Build Back Better, and now we have little to show for it. So  here we are, on Groundhog Day, fittingly and sadly, going through the  same exercise we have already done multiple times.   Let's be candid. Democrats are trying to cram through a massive bill  filled with unnecessary spending that dramatically alters what has  passed through this House instead of focusing on the issues at hand.  What started as a bipartisan effort to keep the U.S. globally  competitive somehow, in the last few weeks, went through the black box  of Speaker Pelosi's office and emerged as the Build Back Better backup  plan filled with failed initiatives and progressive demands.   Instead of addressing competition and the threat from the Communist  leadership in China, this bill now corrupts good, solid bipartisan work  I was personally very proud of, and it corrupts it with thousands of  pages of irrelevant policies.   What kind of China bill mentions coral reefs more than China?   There are very real consequences to this bad faith effort. As much as  85 percent of America's long-term economic growth is due to advances in  science and technology. We cannot take that continued growth for  granted.   I can assure you, Mr. Speaker, when the Chinese Communist Party  considers how to outpace us in the technologies of the future, they  aren't wasting their time and money on U.N. climate funds, which, by  the way, send money right back over to Beijing. We should be taking  this every bit as seriously as they are.   I expect my Republican colleagues will share the countless poison  pills that have been inserted into this bill, so I won't elaborate on  them here. Instead, I will simply urge my colleagues, with a heavy  heart, to oppose this bill and urge Democratic leadership to get  serious about the threat from China.   Let's stay focused on that threat. Let's go to conference with a  clean bipartisan competitiveness bill and set our country up for the  continued economic success that Americans deserve.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. McCaul), who is the Republican leader of the Foreign Affairs  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Washington (Mrs. Rodgers), the Republican leader of the Energy and  Commerce Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  California (Mr. McCarthy), the Republican leader.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  North Carolina (Ms. Foxx), the Republican leader of the Education and  Labor Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Nebraska (Mr. Smith).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Oklahoma (Mrs. Bice).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Iowa  (Mr. Feenstra).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from the  great State of Texas (Mr. Weber).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Kentucky (Mr. Barr).    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Kentucky an  additional 1 minute.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Illinois (Mr. LaHood).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio  (Mr. Chabot).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from  Arkansas (Mr. Westerman), the Republican leader of the Committee on  Natural Resources.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Pennsylvania (Mr. Meuser).    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman from Pennsylvania.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  North Carolina (Mr. Murphy).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Georgia (Mrs. Greene).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Missouri (Mrs. Hartzler).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Arrington).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Wisconsin (Mr. Tiffany).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  West Virginia (Mrs. Miller).    Madam Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Babin) to control the remaining time.   