 Mr. President, I have had many experiences presiding  when you have gotten up to speak about energy and climate. So now the  roles are reversed, and I will take a perspective somewhat similar to  yours in the past but perhaps a little bit broader.   We are in a point in time where it is clear that there is a nexus  between energy, climate, economic security for a family and for a  nation, and national security. And if we ignore any one, if we  overemphasize one and forget the rest, then we lose all four.   I will just share the example we have right now. The administration  has clearly prioritized climate in such a way that they have attempted  to decrease the amount of fossil fuel being produced in the United  States of America and limit the exports of that fuel. Because of that  singular emphasis, we are now at a point where we have endangered the  economy of many--not ``we'' but circumstances around the  [[Page S1143]]  world have endangered the economies of the European countries dependent  upon Russian oil. It has endangered the pocketbook of the families that  cannot afford $4- to $6-a-gallon gasoline, depending upon where you  live. And the climate globally is worse.   Because there are inadequate amounts of liquefied natural gas going  to Europe, they are going to burn tremendous amounts of coal, and that  coal, of course, will have a greenhouse gas profile that is far greater  than that of natural gas.   So the question is, How do we achieve all of our goals: the climate,  the national security, the pocketbook issues for families and for our  nation, as well as our energy security? So that is what I wish to speak  about today.   Now, of course, we know there is a tension here, and the tension here  is between this kind of almost battle we have been having in our  country: How do we develop America's resources, but how do we do it  while at the same time lowering carbon intensity?   If one party is in charge of the regulatory state, then they will  attempt to use regulatory power to choke off the amount of carbon  coming from America's resources. I am speaking of fossil fuel resources  at this point. But, as I mentioned, it seems that with this backdrop of  a need globally to be free of Russian energy, we need to have a  different approach--acknowledging totally those who are concerned about  carbon intensity; acknowledging totally the Europeans who are now so  vulnerable to Russian energy shortages; acknowledging totally the  family at home with the 10-year-old pickup truck who can't afford to  fill it up to get to work.   Mr. President, let's set the stage. Europe depends on Russia for 40  percent of its natural gas supplies. Some countries in Europe depend  upon Russia for 90 percent of their natural gas supplies. In 2013, the  EU imported 135 billion cubic meters of Russian natural gas and in  2019, 166 billion cubic meters. One reason we need to export liquefied  natural gas is to decrease that reliance upon Russian natural gas.   By the way, one of the reasons that the EU is using more natural gas  is that the carbon footprint of natural gas is so much less than that  of coal. So using gas was a way to achieve that which the United States  has achieved--an ability to decrease your carbon emissions by changing  from coal to natural gas.   Our goal here is to help the Europeans continue not just that  transition away from coal to lower their carbon intensity but also to  help them decrease, lower their dependence upon Russia as regards  overall their use of natural gas.   There is a way to get at this within the next 10 months--to lower  global greenhouse gas emissions, to help the Europeans be freer from  Russian gas--in a way which actually does not involve increased  production here in the United States. When I speak of our goals here,  it isn't just to pump more out of the United States; it is to solve a  global problem.   An Italian energy executive with whom I spoke mentioned how in North  Africa, they are using natural gas. They ship a certain amount of it to  Italy, and then it goes to the rest of the continent. But the tanks  coming from North Africa are about 50 percent full, and there is a  liquefied natural gas terminal in Egypt which is way below capacity.  Why? Because the population growth in North Africa has been so great  and the number of people getting electricity has increased so  dramatically that the natural gas they used to ship to Europe is now  being used domestically.   But the powerplants they are using to burn the natural gas are  antiquated. They don't burn efficiently. The emission profile of these  natural gas powerplants is much greater than that which is state of the  art. So this gentleman in Italy had a great idea. He said: Why don't we  build out in the near term a $10 billion investment of solar panels in  North Africa?   It would seem like there is no better place in the world to do solar  panels than the Sahara Desert. So if you did solar panels in Africa and  you are exchanging the electrons from the solar panels for the  electrons being burned in antiquated natural gas facilities, that gas  would then be freed up to be shipped to Africa. It doesn't increase--in  fact, it decreases the net amount of natural gas being built, but it  does it in a way that it delivers the gas where it is going to be  burned in a more environmentally friendly way. But it has economic  development, and it has the substitution of solar for gas in North  Africa. This is a win and a win and a win.   What is the U.S. role here? Well, the U.S. role can take our DFC,  which is our financing corporation for overseas development, and I am  told that if we just put up 5 percent of the amount, that sends a  message to other investors that this has the support of the U.S.  Government and that they can step in here and make an investment too.   Solar panels of that magnitude is a big project. On the other hand,  it is something which can be done in the near term. In that near term,  we are able to increase the supply of natural gas to Europe, while  decreasing global greenhouse gas emissions. That is something we can do  now.   It does raise the question--someone said: Building that many solar  panels, surely there would be some issues. It is my impression, at  least, that there is far more open ground in the desert than there is  in the cities but also that the regulatory burden in order to deploy  solar panels is a lot less in Africa, which kind of takes me to my next  issue.   We have the ability to increase our export of liquefied natural gas,  to increase the deployment of renewables here in the United States, to  mine the uranium that would replace the Russian uranium we get for  nuclear but also replace the Russian uranium the Europeans use. We have  the ability to do that, but we are just locked up with regulations. I  am not saying do away with the regulations; I am saying do something  different in terms of how we regulate.   We actually have a model for this. We saw at the beginning of the  COVID pandemic that we had multiple Federal Agencies responsible for  approving a new vaccine. They would kind of get to each other's issue  and request when they got to each other's issue and request. So it  could take 2\1/2\ years to have a new vaccine approved by regulation in  order to even begin testing, much less to show that it worked and to  begin to deploy.   The previous administration, working with the different Agencies--I  visualize it as bringing everybody in a room, and if somebody had a  question, they would turn this question over to somebody else, and they  had to sit there at that table until they resolved it, and then they  gave it back, not ``Hey, listen, send it over here, and we will have it  back to you in 4 weeks.'' No. ``Send it over here, and we will have it  back to you in 3 days.'' They compressed the time so that a vaccine,  which, optimistically, we were hoping would be ready in 3 years, ended  up being ready in less than 1. There is always a concern that if you  compress that timeframe, you have to sacrifice safety, but there is no  evidence that occurred with the coronavirus vaccine.    In the same way, if we have multiple Agencies right now that are in  charge of permitting some aspect of energy--whether it is renewable,  whether it is mining, whether it is export--there can be an Operation  Warp Speed for how they work together to bring our energy resources to  bear and helping the Europeans become free of Russian energy.   It is not just lowering the price at the pump for us, because you can  argue that is going to be very difficult to do in the near term. What  it can be, though, is to keep the Europeans from going into a recession  or a depression next winter because the demand for fuel is so great and  they are unable to meet it. And if they don't have some substitute for  Russian energy and if the Russians decide to cut them off, they end up  freezing, going energy poor, or having their industries crater because  of a lack of energy.   One more time, this is a nexus. We can do this in a way that is  environmentally friendly, producing the energy and exporting it in such  a way that lowers global greenhouse gas emissions, because what is  driving us right now is the economy of countries and the economy of  families.   If European families are energy poor, they will lose their political  will to stand up to the Russians, and we will lose our ally. We have to  support not just our families but theirs so that  [[Page S1144]]  they can get through this economically; so that, one, they can more  afford life; but, secondly, so that we can maintain political will as  we stand up against the Russians.   There are other aspects of this, as well. For those interested in  battery technology, most of the critical minerals are coming from  Russian or Chinese sources. If we are concerned about climate and we  are concerned about the ability to be critical mineral independent in  case of geopolitical tension, this is the exact same issue that we have  been speaking about.   How do we proceed? One, we just have to recognize that we are at a  time of extreme geopolitical tension where decisions we make in this  country have ramifications worldwide. The Europeans are looking to us  to help them with their energy crisis, and if we fail to help the  Europeans with their energy crisis, the Europeans will pay as much as  6,000 euros more a year per family for their energy, and they will  probably go into a deep recession.   On the other hand, if we are able to solve this for the Europeans, we  will also solve it for our families, the ones who are paying $4 to $6  for a gallon of gasoline.   We know what we are speaking about. Just to show that this can be  done, as the United States has substituted natural gas for coal, we  have lowered our domestic emissions by 14 percent at a time when global  emissions have risen 4 percent. In that time, since 2005, where we  lowered our emissions by 14 percent, our economy is larger. We have  millions more people and we are domestically producing much more oil  and gas, and there has been a subsequent return of energy-related  industry to the United States.   So despite an industrial profile and a mining profile and a  population profile that would suggest that there would be greater  emissions, we actually have 14 percent less than 2005. We did it by  acknowledging that domestic production of energy was going to help with  our economy, help with the economy of families, but also help our  domestic security, and would also help climate and the carbon intensity  of our society.   We have done this for our country. Now the question is, Can we do it  for the world? I would argue that if we choose not to, the Russians  will win. There is no way that Europe or Europeans are going to accept  energy poverty with a crater economy due to the lack of affordable  energy.   On the other hand, if we are able to make this commitment doing  things such as financing for solar panels in North Africa, an Operation  Warp Speed for energy to bring our energy resources to bear, the  continued substitution of lower carbon intensity energy sources for  that which currently is higher carbon intensity, then, we can  accomplish worldwide that which we have accomplished here in the United  States, which is to lower greenhouse gas emissions while making a more  prosperous society and increasing domestic and international security.   This is not theoretical. I have spoken with someone who could have an  offshore LNG export facility completed in 12 months, if he had his  permits from the Federal Government. I spoke to someone involved with  drilling in the Outer Continental Shelf and learned that their company  could be sending oil to the refineries in Louisiana within 12 months if  they could get their permits done expeditiously. And I can give list  after list of renewable, of fossil, and otherwise.   It is now the time for the United States to take leadership. If we  don't, our families will continue to suffer at the pump, Europeans will  enter a recession, and, most unfortunately, the cause of freedom  worldwide will be harmed by Russia's continued economic hegemony over  the rest of the world because of their energy.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Stephen  Lewerenz, an intern in my office, be granted floor privileges until  March 17, 2022.   