 Mr. President, I rise today to express my joy in voting  to confirm Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson to the U.S. Supreme Court.   What a great day it is for the United States of America, for our  system of government and the grand march toward the fulfillment of the  sacred covenant we have with one another as an American people--``e  pluribus unum": out of many, one.   Ketanji Brown Jackson's improbable journey to the Nation's highest  Court is a reflection of our own journey, through fits and starts,  toward the Nation's highest ideals. She embodies the arc of our  history. The very fine product of public schools, both her parents  attended segregated primary schools before graduating from historically  Black colleges and universities.   She is a two-time graduate of Harvard; a former clerk to Supreme  Court Justice Breyer, to whom the Nation owes enormous thanks for his  decades of public service; a former Federal public defender who would  be the first of her kind to serve on the Supreme Court; a jurist who  has gone before the Senate on three separate occasions and each time  has garnered strong bipartisan support; a judge who has heard cases  both in the U.S. district court and our Federal court of appeals; a  judge who has the strong endorsement  [[Page S2062]]  of critical stakeholders from across our justice system. From the  American Bar Association to those who advocate for civil rights, to  organizations representing our Nation's brave law enforcement officers,  all of them respect Ketanji Brown Jackson.   She is a wife and a working mom. She is America at its best. That, I  believe in my heart after meeting with her in my office, talking to  folks whom I trust who know her, and hearing her testimony before the  Senate Judiciary Committee.   Under intense questioning before the committee--much of it  appropriate and necessary; some of it outrageous and beyond the pale-- she demonstrated her legal acumen, sharp intellect, and the kind of  temperament we need on the Bench, especially at a time like this. If  there were any doubts about her character, she more than proved her  poise, her skill, composure, and the depth of her patriotism through  the process--amazing grace under pressure.   As a voice for Georgians in the Senate, I have said from the  beginning that people in my State want someone on the Court who is  fair, eminently qualified, and has a record of protecting the  constitutional rights and freedoms of Georgians and Americans. That is  why my office has received thousands of emails and phone calls from  Georgians in every corner of our State voicing their support for Judge  Jackson's confirmation.   After hearing from Georgians and thoroughly evaluating her  nomination, I am ecstatic to say that Judge Jackson is an excellent  jurist who has the temperament and discernment to sit on our Nation's  highest Court.   The people of Georgia made this appointment possible by making  history last year. So in addition to thanking Georgia for this moment,  I want to acknowledge that the historic nature of her appointment isn't  lost on me. Like my brother Senator Booker, I know what it has taken  for Judge Jackson to get to this moment, and nobody is going to steal  my joy.   Yes, I am a Senator; I am a pastor, but beyond all of that, I am the  father of a young Black girl. I know how much it means for Judge  Jackson to have navigated the double jeopardy of racism and sexism to  now stand in the glory of this moment in all of her excellence. For my  5-year-old daughter and for so many young women in our country--but,  really, if we are thinking about it right, for all of us--seeing Judge  Jackson ascend to the Supreme Court reflects the promise of progress on  which our democracy rests.   So what a great day it is in America. Today, the word of justice and  equal protection under the law becomes flesh and lives among us in new  ways. Today, at the highest levels of our government, the  administration of our Constitution looks a little bit more like what it  says. And it fills me with great pride for our country, how far we have  come and what we can achieve together.   Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson is beyond qualified, and I am beyond  thrilled to speak for Georgia in voting to confirm her to the U.S.  Supreme Court.   I yield the floor.   