 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I will speak more on this subject later  this week, but I spent much of last week, both Marcelle and I did, in  Vermont. It is a very peaceful State.   We walk across the fields at our home, walk down the dirt road where  we live, and then go to various places just meeting with people all  over the State. A lot of it was in what is called Chittenden County.  That is about a quarter of the State's population. That is where I was  a prosecutor, State's attorney is what we called it.   I made it a point during that time that if we had a violent crime, a  gun crime, I would go to the scene, whether it was 3 o'clock in the  morning or 3 o'clock in the afternoon. Some of the most violent ones  were, of course, at 3 o'clock in the morning. I can still remember  every single one of them like it was yesterday, but they were a tiny  fraction of what we see every day.   I hear people say we should pray for these children. I would say pray  that the Congress has the guts to stand up and pass real gun control  legislation.   In Vermont, we limit the number of rounds you can have in a  semiautomatic weapon during deer season. We ought to try to protect  children as much as we do deer.   Again, fortunately in our State, the number of murders and shootings  I went to were nothing like we see today. But I have awakened in the  middle of the night remembering the scenes. When you are at a murder  scene and it is a child who has been murdered and it is 3 o'clock in  the morning, the grieving family is there, there is no way you forget  it.   That is more than 50 years ago I was doing that. I can tell you  exactly what each of those rooms looked like. I can tell you exactly  who the person was I prosecuted for it. And I can tell you exactly how  many times I prayed, Why  [[Page S2772]]  did this have to happen and never let it happen again.   As I said, I will speak further on this. I know in my State of  Vermont, we do have a very large percentage of gun owners. Most of them  tell me, ``Do something.''   As I said, of course, pray for the children. Pray that the Congress  does the right thing with real--with real--gun control.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   