 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to talk about  the economic crisis that this Nation is facing, all as a result of the  actions of the Democrats and Joe Biden.   Right now, Joe Biden is on his way to Massachusetts. He is expected  to announce, while he is there, even more restrictions on American  energy. One New England Senator has lobbied him to go ``executive Beast  Mode.'' The Senator might forget that we still have a Constitution. The  Supreme Court just ruled that the President can't do that. The  Constitution says Congress writes the laws and it is up to the  President to enforce them.  [[Page S3511]]    I would also remind that Senator that Joe Biden just got back from a  trip to the Middle East. That is where he went to beg the Saudis to  produce and to sell us more oil. Joe Biden doesn't need to fly around  the world to solve the energy crisis that he created. The solution is  right here at home in America. We have some of the largest energy  reserves in the world. We have the best energy workers. We have the  highest standards. Yet Joe Biden won't let go of his stranglehold on  American energy. Joe Biden would rather send our money and more and  more money to the Middle East than let us use the energy we have  sitting right here in the ground in the United States.   Joe Biden has created the worst energy crisis for our country in the  last 40 years--4-0--40 years. Gas prices today in my home State of  Wyoming and all across the country are more than $2 per gallon higher  than they were the day Joe Biden took office.   The spot price of natural gas has tripled under Joe Biden and that  means even higher prices are on the way. Natural gas powers half of the  homes in America and the price of that natural gas has tripled under  Joe Biden.   Last year, Joe Biden's energy policies cost the average American  family more than $1,000. That was last year. This year it is going to  be higher than that. Higher energy costs are driving up the costs of  everything--almost everything--because energy is such a vital part of  our nation's economy.   Higher energy costs have led to the worst inflation crisis in 40  years--worst inflation in 40 years. Under Joe Biden, inflation has hit  record highs. In the previous administration, inflation was nearly  nonexistent. But for 15 months in a row now, prices have gone up. And  not just have prices gone up, they have gone up faster and faster than  wages have gone up. With every passing month, working families can  afford less than they could the month before.   This is Joe Biden's America. This is what he brought and the  Democrats who supported him in position and policy after each, one  after another.   This year, the average family will pay $100 a week more just to buy  the same things they bought last year. Just to stay even, it is $100 a  week more. That is over $5,000 for the year. One hundred dollars a week  adds up very quickly. As a result, people are spending their savings  because they are not making enough to keep up. They are falling behind.  They are borrowing money just to get by.    The savings rate in the country has plummeted to the lowest level  since the Great Recession of 2009. Credit card debts are at an alltime  high because people can't afford things and are putting things on the  credit cards. Personal debt is at an alltime high. Consumer confidence,  on the other hand, is at an alltime low--thank you, Joe Biden and  Democrats.   Working families are being pushed to the breaking point. That is what  we have here in America today. All told, it is the summer of strain and  stress and suffering for American families. It is all happening because  of the dereliction of duty on the part of the United States and the  Democrats in this very body. The American people just want to be able  to actually have enough money in their wallet to fill their tank with  gas and to go to the grocery store and buy a full week's worth of  groceries and have enough left over at the end of the month to pay  their bills. Yet under Joe Biden and the Democrats, who are in charge  of both the House and the Senate, this is becoming nearly impossible in  America today.   Democrats call this the cost of the ``liberal world order''--the  liberal world order. Look what it is getting us. Believe it or not,  that is exactly what the White House has said. That is their official  policy on the cost of inflation and the cost of energy being so high:  Tough; suck it up. ``Liberal world order.'' We are here now. I don't  care what it costs you or what pain and suffering we put onto the  families of this country.   Meanwhile, as the President is going to talk about his climate  emergency in Massachusetts, baby formula is still out of stock in  stores all across America. For 15 months, there has been nothing but  bad news coming from this administration and the Democrats for the  working families in this country.   Last week, working families got a one-two punch of even more bad  news. First, they found out that, once again, inflation is at another  40-year high. They also found out it is not going away any time soon.  On Thursday, we found out that what is called wholesale inflation-- which is the inflation that our producers are experiencing--is even  worse than the inflation for consumers.   These are the people who build our homes, who grow our food, keep the  lights on. Higher costs for them mean higher costs are coming for all  the rest of American families because, if inflation is higher for  producers today, inflation for consumers tomorrow will be higher than  it is today. It means there is no light at the end of the tunnel.   But that is not what Joe Biden is telling us. He has continued to  say: Oh, inflation is transitory. Pay no attention to the fact you  can't pay your bills, you can't buy enough food to feed your family,  and you can't fill your car with gasoline. Tough. Pay no attention.   He said on Thursday that the inflation numbers we are using are ``out  of date.'' He is out of date. Joe Biden is essentially saying inflation  peaked before the Fourth of July. That is what he told the American  people. Well, remember the last time Joe Biden said inflation peaked?  That was last year in December he said it peaked. What has happened  over the last 7 months to this country and to families? It is now July,  and inflation has broken new records three more times in just the last  6 months.   Is he clueless? Does he believe what he is saying? And who is  surrounding him at the White House? Joe Biden was wrong in December; he  is wrong now. He has been wrong every step of the way, and yet  Democrats blindly follow him right over the cliff.   First, he created the inflation crisis; then he denied it existed.  Oh, then he said it was transitory. I think it was a year ago  yesterday, he said it was transitory. Then at one point, the White  House even said inflation was a good thing. It is not good for American  families, not good for the men and women who go to work every day. Then  Biden decided, let's start blaming everyone but ourselves.   At every step of this crisis, Joe Biden has told the public things  that were simply not true. Joe Biden keeps trying to downplay the pain  and the suffering going on all across the country. In fact, 1 year ago  yesterday, Joe Biden said inflation would be temporary. He was wrong.  The Democrats running Washington right now are completely out of  touch--I mean, completely out of touch with the American people as  Members of this body say: Yeah, Joe, go to Boston. Declare a climate  emergency to claim a crisis.   There are a lot of crises in America today; climate is not one of  them. There is an inflation crisis, an energy crisis, a border crisis,  a crime crisis. There is a crisis in the White House of competence and  credibility. But no, Joe Biden has other things on his mind--a climate  crisis. Only 1 percent of Americans list that as a key item in their  lives--only 3 percent of Democrats; only 3 percent of people under the  age of 30. Everybody is focused on inflation. Joe Biden is going to  Boston to talk about climate.   We have today, in this country, with the Democratic Party, a  government of the elites, by the elites, for the elites. The Democratic  Party has completely forgotten about the working men and women in  America. For more proof of that, the Democrats are talking about more  reckless taxing, more reckless spending.   When did the inflation crisis start? Right after the Democrats passed  their last spending bill in March of last year when they put $2  trillion on America's credit card--party-line vote for massive  government spending. They bailed out bankrupt blue States. The  Democrats spent $2 trillion, triggered inflation, triggered a  nightmare--a nightmare, I tell you--that has been robbing the American  people of $100 every single week since then.   Democrats must have enjoyed their shopping spree because they spent  the second half of last year trying to pass an even bigger, more  reckless spending bill. Here they are again, trying it once again. It  was reckless then; it is reckless now.   And the President's poll numbers continue to plummet because the  American people say you are focused on the wrong thing, you are  ignoring our needs.  [[Page S3512]]    You are abandoning the people. You have abandoned them, and that is  why so few people think the country is heading in the right direction,  and so many people are looking for a change. Democrats don't seem to  care. They know they are about to face the voters in November and can  see the handwriting on the wall, and they can hear the clock ticking.   The reason why inflation is out of control, at 40-year record highs,  is because of the massive spending combined with the attacks by this  administration and the Democrats in this body on American energy. That  is what is causing the price of everything from gas to groceries to hit  one record high after another.   The Democrats have spent us into record-high inflation. Now it seems  that they want to tax us into a recession. The last thing the American  people now need is more spending, more taxes, more debt. What we need  is more American energy.   The way to get out of this crisis is to stop the reckless spending  and increase the supply of American energy. We don't need to look  halfway around the world for energy; we have it right here in this  country. It is time for the President of the United States to stop  begging, and it is time to start exploring for the energy right here in  America.   I yield the floor.   