 Mr. President, since 2009, I have lead a bipartisan  coalition of Senators to pass a resolution each Congress acknowledging  the plight of the Baha'i community in Iran. I want to note that  Chairman Menendez and I have worked together on a lot of issues, and he  and I are both very much in support of this.   In doing this, I have carried on the work of former colleagues on  both sides who have used their bully pulpit to condemn the Iranian  Government's persecution of the Baha'is in every Congress since 1982.   In fact, the House of Representatives passed their own resolution on  this issue earlier this month. In my view, it is crucial--and I know  Chairman Menendez feels strongly about this too--that the Senate pass  this resolution and strongly condemn the repressive Iranian Government.   Over the past 13 weeks, the world has witnessed the Iranian  Government's violent repression of its own people in response to  nationwide protests defending women's rights. It should come as no  surprise to my colleagues that the Iranian Government has a long  history of repressing and targeting religious minorities and, in  particular, the Baha'i community.   The Wyden family knows quite a bit about authoritarian regimes  targeting and persecuting individuals on the basis of religion. I know  the distinguished Presiding Officer has known several Wydens over the  years who have lived in his home State and has heard the stories about  how we fled the Nazis. In our family, not all got out. We lost family  there and other horrors. So we know a lot about these authoritarian  regimes.   Today, the Baha'i community continues to face harassment, violence,  dehumanization, and persecution in all forms. Baha'is in Iran are  subject to arbitrary arrests and imprisonment, and they are denied  access to higher education and certain occupations.   My resolution, which has long had bipartisan support, condemns the  Government of Iran's state sanctions and persecution of the Baha'i  community and its continued violations of the Universal Declaration of  Human Rights, the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,  and the International Covenant on Economic Social, and Cultural Rights.   The resolution further calls on the Iranian Government to release all  people detained or imprisoned solely on account of their religion.  Their campaign of hate against the Baha'is includes policies that deny  Baha'is and other religious minorities equal opportunities, freedoms,  and rights under the law.   My resolution calls on the Biden administration to condemn these  human rights violations, push for the release of religious prisoners,  and use its authority to impose sanctions against those responsible for  these deplorable human rights violations.   I want to close, again, by emphasizing that Chairman Menendez and I  have a history of working together on this. Both of us have been strong  supporters of the Baha'is in documenting these human rights issues. At  the end of the Congress, you have all kinds of challenges with respect  to the process, and I respect his views very much.   So I ask unanimous consent that the Foreign Relations Committee be  discharged from further consideration and the Senate now proceed to S.  Res. 183; that the resolution be agreed to; that the preamble be agreed  to; and that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon  the table.    Would the Senator just yield very briefly?    I thank my colleague. I understand full well because  between the Foreign Relations Committee and the Finance Committee, we  have these kinds of challenges very, very frequently. I very much  appreciate working with my colleague and look forward to moving this  early next year.   