 Madam President, I call up my amendment No. 5263 and ask  that it be reported by number.    Madam President, there are a lot of bad things in this  bill, but few are worse than the proposal by Democrats in this bill to  double the size of the IRS and create 87,000 new IRS agents. I  guarantee you citizens in every one of our States, if you ask them what  do they want, they don't want 87,000 new IRS agents.   And they are not being created to audit billionaires or giant  corporations; they are being created to audit you. The House Ways and  Means Committee, the minority has put out an estimate that, under this  bill, there will be 1.2 million new audits per year, with over 700,000  of those new audits falling on taxpayers making $75,000 or less.   I believe, personally, we should abolish the IRS, but, at a minimum,  we shouldn't make the IRS larger than the Pentagon, the State  Department, the FBI, and the Border Patrol all combined. That is what  the Democrats are proposing here. It is a terrible idea.   If you don't want 87,000 new IRS agents, vote yes.    I ask for the yeas and nays.    Madam President, I call up my amendment No. 5265 and ask  that it be reported by number.    Madam President, this bill represents the most significant  assault on U.S. energy production the Senate has ever considered.   It is designed to bankrupt every coal miner in America, to  dramatically increase gas prices consumers are paying, and to  permanently harm U.S. oil and gas production.   There is, however, one group Senate Democrats do not oppose having  more oil, and that is the Chinese communists.   In the past year, President Biden has sold over 2 million barrels of  oil to the Chinese communist Government from America's Strategic  Petroleum Reserve. That oil was paid for by U.S. taxpayers.   My bill would block the President from selling our oil to the Chinese  communists.   I would note also that it was sold to a Chinese company owned by the  communist government in which a significant stake was owned by a  private equity firm owned in significant part by the President's own  son, Hunter Biden.   If the Democrats don't want to see millions of barrels of U.S. oil  sold to the Chinese communists, they should support my amendment.    Madam President, pursuant to section 904 of the  Congressional  [[Page S4192]]  Budget Act and relevant budget resolutions, I move to waive, and I ask  for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I have a motion at the desk.    Mr. President, with the support of every Senate Democrat in  this Chamber, schools across this country shut down over the past 2  years. Tens of millions of children were harmed.   Today, Senate Democrats will have a choice whether or not they will  harm thousands of schoolkids in Washington, DC, and, in particular,  whether they will harm African-American children in Washington, DC.   In DC, the rate of vaccination for students 12 to 15 is 85 percent.  For African-American students, the rate drops to 60 percent. The DC  public schools have announced that any student who is not vaccinated is  not allowed to come to school.   If Democrats vote no on this motion to commit, they will be voting to  tell thousands of African-American students in DC: You are not allowed  to come to school. Your education doesn't matter.   The right choice, to use a mantra used by Democrats often, is ``your  body, your choice,'' and we should not be denying children education  because DC Democrats want to force them to get a COVID vaccine against  their wishes or their parents' wishes.    I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I have a motion at the desk.    Mr. President, one of the worst aspects of the Biden  administration has been the deep politicization of the Department of  Justice and the FBI.   We saw that with the National Association of School Boards sending a  letter to the White House and to the Attorney General asking that the  Biden administration target parents as domestic terrorists and use the  PATRIOT Act to go after them for going to school boards and complaining  about policies that are unfair to parents, including the teaching of  critical race theory, including in the case of Loudoun County, a 14- year-old girl who was sexually assaulted in a bathroom, and the school  covered it up.   Within 4 days of receiving that letter, the Attorney General wrote a  memo directing the FBI to target parents.  [[Page S4195]]    Just this last week, the Director of the FBI testified at the  Judiciary Committee that they had been interviewing multiple parents-- moms and dads--and the House has categorized it as upward of 20 moms  and dads.   This amendment says: Don't target parents as domestic terrorists--    I ask for the yeas and nays.   