 Mr. Speaker, this week, we honor the legacy of  Representative Jackie Walorski by renewing our commitment to help moms  and babies thrive. I thank Chairman Davis and our Republican leader,  Dr. Wenstrup, for their leadership on this issue.   Throughout her life, Jackie served vulnerable families, from the  mission field in Romania to the halls of Congress, where she proudly  represented the men and women of Indiana's Second Congressional  District.   She reached across the aisle and worked closely with Chairman Davis  to move this important bipartisan bill forward. My last conversation  with Jackie was by Zoom on this bill itself.  [[Page H8718]]    We miss her very much. We are proud to dedicate the product of her  collaboration today to her because she has been such an inspiration in  these efforts.   Jackie knew that this was a critical program that supports vulnerable  families and improves the health of moms and babies through pregnancy  into the early years of a child's life.   This program builds upon decades of research that proves home visits  by a nurse, social worker, or other trained professional during  pregnancy, and in the very first years of a child's life, help to  prevent child abuse and neglect, support positive parenting, improve  maternal and child health, and promote the development of kids and  school readiness.    This is a bipartisan bill that reflects many of our Republican  priorities, including increasing transparency about outcomes and  results for families and targeting dollars to the neediest communities.   Most Federal programs, unfortunately, operate in a black box. Less  than $1 out of every $100 the government spends is backed by even the  most basic evidence and research to make sure the money is spent wisely  and succeeds.   Unlike many of those programs, MIECHV is evidence-based, so we know  the real impact on families and children. We are able to direct funding  toward what works for them.   The Walorski home visiting program will gradually increase funding  from $400 million a year to $800 million a year over a 5-year period  and introduces a State match so we can stretch those dollars even  further back home.   The principle is simple. Where the States see value in investing, the  Federal Government will also invest. It also ensures the new matching  funds are allocated to States based on the number of kids under 5  living below poverty, so funding goes where the needs and the kids are.   The bill increases transparency by creating what I love, which is a  State-by-State outcomes dashboard so all of us can see how these  interventions are helping families, and it maintains the current focus  on high standards.   I take this moment to thank my friend, Dr. and Representative  Wenstrup, who serves today as acting Republican leader of the  Subcommittee on Worker and Family Support. He stepped up to the plate  to carry on Jackie's legacy with grace and determination, and I thank  him for his hard work.   I think all of us can think of no more fitting tribute to Jackie than  the bipartisan support coming together for something that helps our  most needy families.   I, like many of us today, am grateful we are getting this bill across  the finish line together in her honor.   