 Mr. President, thank you for that emphatic recognition.   In the next few minutes, the Senate will vote on the Sergeant First  Class Heath Robinson Honoring our Promise to Address Comprehensive  Toxics Act of 2022.   This is a significant--I would say historic--moment. This bipartisan  legislation, not only is it significant and important because of the  content, but it is also significant and perhaps historic because of the  cooperation that has  [[Page S2989]]  been garnered to put this act together and presumably pass it and send  it to the President of the United States.   This bipartisan legislation is the most comprehensive toxic exposure  package the Senate has ever delivered to veterans in our country's  history.   Generation after generation, Americans, one by one, have answered the  call of duty with the promise that we--the United States of America,  the citizens of this country--would take care of them and their  families after their time in uniform. Yet generation after generation,  veteran after veteran, these servicemembers returned home only to be  met with a piecemeal process as they work to cobble together the care  that they earned and the benefits they deserved from the Department of  Veterans Affairs.   Veterans have spent years fighting bureaucracy to get the care they  need, and, sadly, there are those who have been fighting, up to this  point, who are no longer living, to receive the benefits that this  legislation will provide.   Chairman Tester, the Senator from Montana, and I made a commitment to  get to this point today. I am proud that we are doing so together in a  bipartisan way. And, most importantly, this bill will deliver  healthcare and benefits to thousands of veterans who are ill due to  their exposure to burn pits and other toxic exposures.   There is no doubt that the cost of taking care of our veterans is  high, but the truth is freedom is not free. We say that. This is  evidence that we believe that, upon the passage of this legislation.   There is always, always a cost to war. It is always high. It is  always dramatic. It is always something that costs people their lives.  But we make a decision when we send those service men and women to war  that we are going to do what we said we are going to do and care for  them. The decision is made when we send someone to war about whether we  are going to spend money to care for them when they return. The cost of  war is not fully paid when the war is over.   We are now on the verge of honoring that commitment to America's  veterans and their families. Back home in Kansas, MG Lee Tafanelli said  this legislation ``will have a great impact in the lives of our  veterans long after their service. The knowledge that the obstacles  formerly in their way have now been streamlined will provide peace of  mind as our veterans move on with their lives.''   I spoke on Memorial Day at a cemetery in Kansas, and a Navy veteran  came up to me after my remarks and said: I served in the Navy. My dad  served in the Navy. We both encountered toxic substances, and we are  fortunate we have no symptoms that cause any problems in our lives, but  that doesn't mean we don't think about it every day; that what happens  if we do have those consequences in the future and there is nothing  there for us and, more importantly, for our families.   This legislation helps provide some level of certainty. I am sure  every member of our service, when they serve our Nation, recognizes  they run risks, but I doubt that any of them believe that they are  creating risks for their spouses or their children. They carry the  burden for themselves, but there is also the necessity of caring for  their families, particularly if they get to a point at which they  cannot do so.   Not only will this legislation provide long-overdue healthcare and  benefits to the 3.5 million post-9/11 veterans who were exposed to burn  pits, but this legislation will deliver care for all generations of  veterans, including Vietnam veterans suffering from exposure to Agent  Orange.   I am at an age at which it would seem like the Vietnam war was a long  time ago and we would have taken care of those who served, but we have  those who served in Vietnam who are still waiting for their benefits.   The Sergeant First Class Heath Robinson PACT Act would not be on the  floor today without the hard work of numerous veterans service  organizations, veteran families, survivors, advocates, and the veterans  themselves who came to Washington to meet with Senator Tester and with  me and with every Member of the U.S. Senate, to have a conversation, to  tell their story. And they are the most effective advocates there could  be. And many of them, and others, testified before our Senate Veterans'  Affairs Committee.   This legislation is not just a product of Senator Tester's and mine;  it is a product of so many. It is so much more. And perhaps--no offense  to Senator Tester, but perhaps our role is really insignificant when  you look at the people who have encountered these challenges but used  those challenges as an opportunity to fight not just for themselves  but, in most instances, probably more likely to fight for other  veterans in similar circumstances.   I thank them for their service. I thank them for their work in  helping us deliver long-lasting solutions and comprehensive reforms for  those who served. And I especially want to thank Heath Robinson's  family, who turned their own loss and heartache into action. This bill  will help many veterans like Heath face the challenges that he faced  that ultimately ended his life.   I thank Senator Tester, the chairman of the Senate Committee on  Veterans' Affairs. And for all the members of our committees,  Republicans and Democrats, I remind my colleagues and I remind the  American people that the original version of this bill passed the  Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee unanimously, with every Republican  and every Democrat voting yes.   After the passage of that legislation, we worked further to find  consensus but, more importantly, to find better solutions and a path  forward that would allow us to be to the point we are today. Secretary  McDonough deserves our gratitude as well, and I thank him for his  input, his testimony, and the numerous, numerous telephone and personal  conversations. I appreciate his advice, and it made this bill better  for veterans.   Once we pass this legislation, the real work of implementing it will  fall to the Department of Veterans Affairs. But we as a committee and  we as Senators need to make certain that we do the appropriate  oversight, that we make certain that these are not just words on paper  but that the results that we are looking for are finally delivered.   Too often, I think, the moment of glory comes on the passage of a  bill or the press release announcing the passage of a bill, the signing  of a bill, but whether or not it works still remains the most important  aspect of our work. A lot of work remains, and the VA has significant  challenges as it moves forward to help these veterans. The real work is  still ahead of us, and I stand ready to do all I can to make certain  that we are able to deliver the intended results contemplated by this  legislation.   A long list of thank-yous to my colleagues, certainly to my  colleagues on the committee, my colleagues in the Senate, but  especially to folks in the VA community, the VSO community: Shane  Liermann, Lawrence Montreuil--Shane is with the DAV; Lawrence is with  the American Legion--Pat Murray with the VFW; Kristina Keenan, VFW;  Cory Titus, MOAA; Aleks Morosky, WWP; Candace Wheeler, TAPS; Bob Carey,  Independence Fund; Tom Porter, IAVA; Kaitlynne Hetrick, IAVA; Jennifer  Burch, IAVA; Rosie Torres, Burn Pits 360; Jon Stewart; and Jon Feal.   And I thank the Kansas leaders who, over a long period of time--I  don't know what year it was, but the Vietnam Veterans of America held a  conference in Wichita, KS, which I attended, at which the topic was  toxic exposure. And it has to be at least 10, 12 years ago. And I thank  them for, at that point in time, sticking in my mind that there is work  to be done.   And I appreciate other Kansans: Lee Hursey, who is the commander of  the Kansas VFW; Jeremy Ehart of the Kansas American Legion; William  Turner; Eric Owens; Lee Tafanelli; David Dennis; GEN Mike Dodson; Pat  Proctor; Paul Chapa; COL Timothy Marlar; and COL John Buckley, all of  whom are Kansans who are working on behalf of other veterans in our  State to see that we get this right.   And nothing in this body gets done because Senators do all the work.  Senators have ideas and occasionally a few words here and there, but we  are surrounded by people who every day make those words and those  thoughts come to life on a piece of paper called a bill. And my staff  on the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee and in my office have been  unending in their efforts to  [[Page S2990]]  get this right and to work to find an agreement that could become law.  Lindsay Dearing leads that list; Asher Allman; Michele Payne; Tiffanii  Woolfolk; Emily Blair Rubright; Kelsey Baron; Brian Newbold; Mark  Crowley; Emily Brady; Brian Mann; David Shearman; and our leader, Jon  Towers; and Tom Brandt; Angela Lingg; and Miranda Moore. And as to  Senator Tester, Tony McClain, his chief; and Simon Coon.    I appreciate the opportunity to be on the Senate floor at this moment  for what I hope will be a resounding victory not for Senator Tester,  not for Jerry Moran but for the veterans of America who served our  Nation admirably, did what they were asked to do, and encountered  things they should not have encountered, the consequences of which have  lasted throughout their lives. We are here to fulfill a commitment and  a promise, and we begin that, we move forward on that today.   I yield the floor.   