 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to make one  point. The extent to which this is a partisan bill is a result of  selective memory and a willful refusal on the part of my Republican  colleagues to work with us.   This legislation is replete with items that I am proud to have  authored with Senator Grassley: The small energy wind tax credit; 30D  in terms of electric vehicles; the 179 building tax credit. These are  historically bipartisan in nature. There was a time when the  Republicans used to work with us on that. They have chosen to move in  the opposite direction, to their shame.   We are going to remedy that today.    Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman, and I appreciate  his leadership and his courtesy.   Madam Speaker, this legislative package is something that refuses to  die. It will reduce inflation, lower energy costs, and lower the cost  of prescription drugs. But it is not just about inflation, it is about  addressing the climate crisis and the crisis of confidence in  government.   Last week, President Biden met with some of the foremost experts on  the Presidency and American democracy to better understand the critical  state that we are now in with the future of our democracy and how we  avoid its destruction.   We have our moment of making American history now. It is our moment  for the future of our planet, for our children and grandchildren, and  ourselves.   I am pleased to have worked for over a decade on these provisions  dealing with green energy, investment tax credits, energy efficiency in  commercial buildings, and legislation to make polluters pay by  reinstating the Superfund tax.   Seniors and working families will see significant savings by allowing  Medicare to negotiate drug prices and capping the monthly cost of  prescriptions, something the Republicans made illegal in 2004.   And critically, it takes steps to restore the ability of the IRS to  function, closing the $400 billion tax gap and not making the American  public pay for poor customer service because of their mindless attack  on this important institution.   Because the Inflation Reduction Act represents more than the sum of  these individual provisions, it is proof that our system works and that  the United States has the capacity to solve our most pressing  challenges in the years ahead just when we need it most.   