 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, the Presiding Officer from Maryland was in  committee with me today and heard the President's Council of Economic  Advisers talk about the economy, acknowledging that they spend every  day worrying about inflation, what we do to combat inflation,  everything from--we see the huge, excess profits in the shipping  industry, among drug companies, food service companies--especially the  meatpackers but also supermarket chains and oil companies. A big part  of inflation we need to combat is because these companies understand  they can raise prices because they don't have much competition. We see  executive compensation continue to rise, sometimes to stratospheric  levels. Who bears the burden? The burden is on middle-class and lower  income families in places like Baltimore and Cleveland and places like  western Maryland and southeast Ohio. And we know what we need to do.   We also know from our work in this committee that the Federal  Reserve's job is to make sure that--they are the principal group in  Washington, in the government, to combat inflation, the Federal  Reserve. The Federal Reserve has three vacancies and has two other  nominees who are Acting Federal Reserve Governors, and we need to  confirm them.   Five nominations came in front of our committee last Tuesday--5  nominations--and because of peculiar Senate rules, we couldn't act  because all 12 Republicans boycotted the committee. They boycotted the  committee because one of the nominees from the Presiding Officer's home  State, Sarah Bloom Raskin, even though she answered 189 questions-- questions in the committee and then 189 written questions; majority  from Republicans--she answered them all in 48 hours. She shouldn't have  gotten even more questions. She has met with every Senator of either  party, on the committee or off the committee, who wanted to meet with  her. She has done everything that they ask of her. Yet they don't like  her answers. They don't like that she believes the government has to  deal with climate change. They don't like that she is going to stand up  to Wall Street. So instead of just going to the committee and doing  their job, voting against her, they boycotted the committee so we  couldn't vote on the nomination.   So five jobs, five Governors of the Federal Reserve just sit in limbo  because Republicans aren't doing their jobs. You come here, and you  vote yes or you vote no. You don't vote ``I am not going to show up  because I don't like this. I am going to boycott this meeting.''   It simply says that Republicans have been AWOL in the fight against  inflation because we need these Fed Governors in place. We need them  fighting against inflation. And for Republicans to just say ``Sorry; we  are not going to go'' is simply bailing out and not doing their job.  They are being AWOL in combating inflation. It is wrong for our country  and wrong for our economy.   We in the majority put workers at the center of our economy, workers  at the center of our economic policy. We will continue to. Republicans  need to show up and--just show up and do their jobs. Vote no if you  want, but show up and do your jobs.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   