 Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to rise today in support of H.R.  6865, the Don Young Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2022. The bill  represents this Congress' commitment to the men and women serving in  the Coast Guard and lays the groundwork for maintaining the Service's  mission capability in the future.   It also honors our colleague Don Young, who passed away last week,  and is lying in state in Statuary Hall today. Our thoughts go out to  his family and staff.   The dean of the House, the Congressman for all Alaska, the former  chairman of both the Committee on Natural Resources and Committee on  Transportation and Infrastructure, the longest serving Republican  Member of the House, the former mayor of Fort Yukon: His titles were  many, but they failed to fully capture Don's character and endless  enthusiasm for the job he loved, representing the people of Alaska in  Congress. He did that job for 49 years, and he did it well. His  legislative record is as amazing as his personal legacy of the  friendships he made over the last five decades. He was always a  stalwart Representative for Alaska and will have a lasting legacy.   It is appropriate that we are naming this Congress' Coast Guard  Authorization Act for Don. He served on the Subcommittee on Coast Guard  and Maritime Transportation since it was established in 1995 and on its  predecessor subcommittee for 20 years before that. He was the only  licensed tugboat captain in Congress, and the Coast Guard plays many  vital roles in the always vast and beautiful, but often stormy and  dangerous, waters of his home State.   The Coast Guard is one of the six United States Armed Forces, and  they  [[Page H3921]]  help secure our country's borders. As we watch the Ukraine crisis  unfold and recognize the apparent lack of readiness in the Russian  military, we should be especially aware of the need to provide our  Armed Forces with the resources they need.   This bill includes provisions to strengthen the Coast Guard's ability  to keep Russian vessels out of U.S. water, a provision Don Young  authored. Both sides of the aisle worked together to craft this  legislation, recognizing that port and coastal security, drug  interdiction, and maritime safety are important bipartisan issues to  our Nation rather than Republican or Democrat issues.   The Coast Guard plays an important and unique role in national  security and maritime safety. The Service is a critical component in  carrying out drug interdiction efforts, keeping our ports and coasts  safe, and conducting icebreaking operations. H.R. 6865 helps the Coast  Guard better perform these missions and encourages the use of cutting- edge technology to improve operations, while also addressing ongoing  issues like how to bring the Service's crumbling IT infrastructure into  the modern era.   Despite the administration's failure to seek appropriate capital  funding levels, this bill authorizes over $9 billion for the operations  and support account and $3 billion for the procurement, construction,  and improvement account for fiscal 2022 and provides a 5 percent  increase in FY23. We had hoped that would offset earlier budget  shortfalls, but given the rise in inflation, it will be needed just to  stay even.   As others have noted, this legislation authorizes the purchase of a  twelfth National Security Cutter and six Fast Response Cutters, which  are necessary for the Coast Guard's future mission capabilities.   Vital to my district, I am also proud of the commitment made to the  Great Lakes in this bill. Working with my colleague, the gentleman from  Wisconsin (Mr. Gallagher), the bill includes an authorization of a new  dedicated icebreaker on the Lakes to keep commerce moving as much of  the year as possible.   Thank you to Chair DeFazio, Ranking Member Sam Graves, and  Subcommittee Chair Carbajal for working in a bipartisan fashion to give  the Coast Guard the resources it needs to accomplish its missions. I  urge support of this bill.   On a side note, my first year as a freshman, I was chairman of the  Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment, and I inadvertently  overlooked Don Young in the questioning order. That was not a smart  thing for a freshman Member to do. I realized my mistake, and I  apologized to him, and we became the best of friends. He also invited  all of us to go to his king salmon barbecue here in D.C. I am really  going to miss Don Young. He was really an American patriot.   