 I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs.  Feinstein), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. Kelly), the Senator from New  Mexico (Mr. Lujan), and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. Sanders) are  necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs.  Feinstein), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. Kelly), and the Senator from  New Mexico (Mr. Lujan) are necessarily absent.    Madam President, I rise today to speak about the critical  role played by U.S. attorneys and U.S. marshals in keeping America  safe.   Law enforcement is a team effort, and we need officials at the  Federal, State, and local levels working together to stop crime in this  country and to keep people safe in their homes and in their  neighborhoods.   It was only 2 months ago when I came to the floor of this Senate to  request unanimous consent for the Senate to take up and confirm five  U.S. attorney nominations. Despite the outstanding credentials of all  of these nominees, one Senator, the junior Senator from Arkansas,  refused to allow the Senate to confirm five nominees for U.S. attorney  positions by a voice vote--a tradition in the Senate. That Senator's  objections had nothing to do with the nominees. He said so. They had  nothing to do with their records and had nothing to do with their  qualifications.   Well, after he was confronted on the floor of the Senate, he lifted  his objections. We were able to get those U.S. attorneys confirmed and  put them to work, and there is work to be done in every State in the  Union to make this a safer nation.   We believe in law enforcement--we believe in it at every level--and  when there is delay in putting professionals in place, that delay can  cost lives. If you stand up and say ``I don't want to defund the  police'' but then refuse to fill vacancies when it comes to law  enforcement, that is inconsistent.   Sadly, we find ourselves in the same position today, 2 months later,  with the same Senator from Arkansas. He is again objecting to the swift  confirmation of U.S. attorney and U.S. marshal nominations. In short,  this same Senator is making it increasingly difficult for us to  prosecute violent criminals, track down fugitives, and protect  Americans from gang violence, cybercrime, terrorism, and fraud.   It is worth taking a moment to consider what U.S. attorneys and U.S.  marshals do. The positions that they hold are nearly as old as the  Nation itself. Both U.S. marshal and U.S. attorney positions were  created by the Judiciary Act of 1789, passed by the First Congress, and  signed into law by President George Washington.   The specific responsibilities have changed over time, but the core  function is the same. This is the Federal answer to enforcing the law,  prosecuting crimes, and protecting our communities. U.S. attorneys are  charged with prosecuting all Federal criminal offenses. U.S. marshals  have the responsibility of risking their lives to protect Federal  judges and courthouses, tracking down fugitives, and assisting in  locating and recovering missing children, just to mention a few. In  short, U.S. attorneys and U.S. marshals play a critical role in  enforcing the law, promoting public safety, and protecting our  communities.   So it is sad that this same junior Senator from Arkansas is blocking  the confirmations of six U.S. attorneys and two U.S. marshals today.  Doing so threatens public safety across America and puts millions of  Americans at risk, including the most vulnerable.   Despite all of the tough talk we hear from many of these Senators on  the other side of the aisle about their dedication to law and order and  keeping America safe, it is a Republican Senator who refuses to take up  and confirm these nominations in an expeditious way.   Before I ask for consent for the Senate to confirm the nominees, I  would like to yield to the majority leader.    I thank the majority leader. I would like to just add:  There must be those following the debate who are wondering, ``What is  the basis for the junior Senator from Arkansas opposing these eight  nominees? There must be something wrong with them. There must be  something in their background that doesn't add up.''   Consider the variety of individuals who are being held up by the  junior Senator from Arkansas: Ryan Buchanan, of Georgia, to be U.S.  attorney for the Northern District; Jason Frierson, of Nevada, to be  U.S. attorney for the District of Nevada; Andrew Luger, of Minnesota,  to be U.S. attorney for the District of Minnesota--and the Senator from  Minnesota will speak to that in just a moment--Mark Totten, of  Michigan, to be U.S. attorney for the Western District of Michigan;  Marisa Darden, of Ohio, to be U.S. attorney for the Northern District  of Ohio; Delia Smith, of the Virgin Islands, to be U.S. attorney for  the District of the Virgin Islands; Eddie Frizell, again of Minnesota,  to be U.S. marshal for the District of Minnesota; and LaDon Reynolds,  of Illinois, to be U.S. marshal for the Northern District of Illinois.   We looked especially at our own nominees very closely to make sure  that they were qualified to take on these Federal positions. Several of  my colleagues are going to come to the floor today to speak about the  nominees being held up by one Senator, so rather than delving into the  records of all of the eight nominees, let me just focus on the one in  Illinois--Chief LaDon Reynolds, nominated to serve as U.S. marshal for  the Northern District.   Chief Reynolds has served the people of Illinois for nearly 30 years.  He joined the Oak Park Police Department in 1994, rising steadily  through the ranks until his appointment in 2019 as chief.   In addition to his service at the Oak Park Police Department, Chief  Reynolds serves on the Illinois Law Enforcement Training and Standards  Board, the Illinois Commission on Discrimination and Hate Crimes, and  the Executive Board of the Illinois Association of Chiefs of Police. In  short, Chief Reynolds is eminently qualified to serve as U.S. marshal  for the Northern District of Illinois. There is simply no valid basis  to delay his confirmation.   And I have yet to hear the Senator from Arkansas come forward with a  bill of particulars of why he has decided to single out the people whom  I just mentioned, to deny them an opportunity to make communities safer  across America. At a time of high crime and the need for a coordinated  effort at every single level, there is absolutely no valid explanation  of why these individuals are being withheld from their responsibilities  in these communities.   We need to have law enforcement taken seriously and respected.  Holding up nominations for no particular reason other than a political  issue that may bother the Senator is certainly no reason for us to  jeopardize the safety of innocent people living in these communities  who depend on these Federal law enforcement officials to do their job.   At this point, I would like to make a unanimous consent request.   Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to  the consideration of the following nominations en bloc: Calendar No.  660, 661, 662, 663, 739, 740, 741, and 742; that the Senate vote on the  nominations en bloc without intervening action or debate; that the  motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with  no intervening action or debate; that any statement related to the  nominations be printed in the Record and that the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action.    Madam President, try to follow that logic, if you will.  The Senator is so committed to law enforcement, he is so committed to  U.S. marshals, he won't let us appoint people to fill vacancies.   He takes the case in Portland, OR, where he wrote a letter to the  Department of Justice within the last 2 weeks asking for the status of  their defense of these 74 individuals. Now, he knows, and we all know,  that before we can take any action for anybody, we need a  confidentiality waiver, a privacy statement. That is routine in all of  our offices.   Each one of these individuals, despite the interest of the junior  Senator from Arkansas, has their own legal right to determine whether  or not they want to waive any privacy so that they can tell the public  or discuss even with the Senator their plight and how they want to  address it.   There is also something called the attorney-client privilege, which  the Senator, I am sure, is aware of. That, too, is a privilege which  allows the individual to deny ordinary access to information if they so  choose. It is their decision.   So the complication of the situation is ignored by the Senator from  Arkansas. He is valiantly standing for U.S. marshals that he won't  appoint. He believes they are important and that they give their lives  to their country--and many have--and yet he won't let them stand up and  do that on behalf of our communities.   He wants an answer to his letter, and until he gets an answer to his  letter, then we are not going to be able to put law enforcement in  place to deal with crime in this country. We can make all the  statements, run all the ads, make all the speeches on the floor about a  concern for safety in our communities, and then the junior Senator from  Arkansas says, ``I want you to be safe in your community, but you can't  have a U.S. attorney to prosecute those would-be terrorists. You can't  have a U.S. marshal for pursuit of fugitives from justice. You can't  have a U.S. marshal to protect the courthouse for men and women who go  to work there every day and risk their lives for the administration of  justice.''   This is upside down. We are talking about 74 individuals. The  Department of Justice has said they are going to defend 70 of them. One  is a question, I assume, whether he was acting in the scope of his  employment, and three are under review. And for that reason, this  Senator has decided to stop the administration of justice in these  jurisdictions or at least slow it down. That makes no sense whatsoever.   The basis for objecting to these individuals has nothing to do with  their individual qualifications. He didn't raise a single question. All  he said is, ``Your lawyers are going to have to wait,'' as if these  were just lawyers waiting for a fee.   These are men and women willing to serve, as he serves, in public  service. It is more than just lawyers--not that there is anything wrong  with that category of Americans--but it is individuals who are willing  to engage in public service.   And why are we in such a hurry? We are in the second year of this  President's administration. It is time to fill these vacancies.   As Senator Schumer said earlier on the floor, there are several on  the Republican side who just want to drag this out interminably in the  hopes that they can stop the Biden administration from filling these  vacancies.   My colleague from Arkansas asked whether the DOJ is representing  Federal law enforcement personnel who protected the Federal courthouse  in Portland. The FOX News headline about his letter said: ``Cotton  places hold on DOJ nominees after refusal to defend US Marshals  involved in Portland Antifa riots.''   Here is the reality. The Department of Justice often represents or  pays private counsel to represent Federal employees sued in their  individual capacity, but there are some constraints, and I have  mentioned them. For example, regulations require that the Department of  Justice can only represent employees for actions within the scope of  their employment; for example, protecting the Portland courthouse,  which clearly is within the scope. And the Department of Justice can  only represent them if doing so would be in the interest of the United  States. It clearly would be if they are defending against terrorists.   The Senator knows this. Do you know why he knows it? Because the  [[Page S742]]  Department of Justice responded to his letter. He just didn't like the  response--it didn't go far enough.   The Department said, ``The Department of Justice strongly supports  the provision of representation to federal officers acting in the line  of duty.'' The Department also told him that it represents or has paid  for private counsel to represent 70 of these employees who have been  sued in connection with the events in Portland, while denying only a  single request for representation.   I don't know the facts of that denial. I don't know if there has been  a privacy waiver signed. I don't know if this individual said, ``I have  an attorney-client privilege, and I don't have to tell the Senator from  Arkansas or anyone what the circumstances are.'' The Senator from  Arkansas is now demanding to know why the Department of Justice denied  this one request for representation and why it is still reviewing three  others. That is right--he is blocking the confirmation of critical law  enforcement officials across the United States until he gets an answer  that he likes.   The DOJ has already explained that it cannot comment further--here is  what they said--``in light of significant confidentiality interests and  applicable privileges.'' As I mentioned earlier the privacy laws and  attorney-client privilege.   ``DOJ's regulations make it clear that communication about an  employee's requests for representation are protected by the attorney- client privilege, and the Privacy Act prevents DOJ from disclosing the  personnel record of an employee,'' and that is as it should be.   Let me be clear. These privileges protect the privacy of the very law  enforcement personnel whose interests the Senator from Arkansas claims  to represent.   My Republican colleagues frequently claim to be the party of law and  order, but in this matter and others, they are the ones playing  politics with law enforcement because the Department of Justice will  not snap to the Senator's request and violate standing Federal laws;  because they won't ignore and violate those laws of privacy and  attorney-client privilege, he is prepared to endanger the communities  and law enforcement until he gets his way.   I have heard my Republican colleagues time and again claiming that  the Biden administration and Democratic mayors in big cities are  responsible for violent crime. They claim that the increase in violent  crime has nothing to do with the fact that America is awash in guns,  that the reality is that the increase in violent crime started during  the last administration, under President Trump. It is affecting  communities led by both Republican and Democratic officials. And it is  being driven by gun violence.   FBI statistics show that 77 percent of homicides in 2020 were  committed with guns. In Chicago, that number is higher. Ninety-three  percent of homicides last year in Chicago were committed by gun.   We face a gun violence crisis. The Judiciary Committee held five  hearings last year on ways to reduce it. I am going to continue it this  year. But if we are going to address this crisis, we are going to need  Senators from both parties to show some courage and to admit that gun  violence in America is a real problem.   We also need Republicans to stop defending the violent insurrection  that took place right in this Chamber on January 6, 2021. The Senator  was present. All of us were. We will never forget that day as long as  we live. Five brave police officers lost their lives as a result of  what the Republican National Committee in its official policy position  calls ``legitimate political discourse.''   This is nothing new. Last year, Congress passed the American Rescue  Plan--$350 billion for State and local governments. We made sure that  funding was going to hire good law enforcement officials and invested  in community violence intervention. Not a single Republican Senator  approved it.   There are areas where we are working together on bipartisan  legislation, and I hope we will continue to. Last year, President Biden  signed three laws in that area.   I hope my Republican colleagues will take a lesson from today. If we  are going to stand together, then let us all stand behind the Federal  law enforcement team.   When President Trump asked for his team, Democrats in the Senate  cooperated and gave those people to him. They weren't the people we  would have chosen, but he was President and had the right to do his  best to protect this Nation. So does President Biden.   President Biden has called for significant increases for our police  in the Byrne Justice Program and the COPS Hiring Program, but this  important funding has been delayed by debate over appropriations. We  shouldn't delay the appointment of these key law enforcement officials  either.   Again and again, Democrats are working to support law enforcement and  to keep Americans safe. Sometimes we are joined in these efforts by  Republicans and other times not, but there is no benefit to law  enforcement when Senators block the confirmation of well-qualified U.S.  attorney and U.S. marshal nominees, as we see today.    I urge the Senator from Arkansas to stand up for law enforcement. A  political story on FOX is not worth undermining the lives of innocent  Americans. We have to end this obstruction and let these nominees  protect and serve.   I now yield to Senator Klobuchar.    Madam President, in the interest of allowing the Senators  who are wishing to speak an appropriate amount of time and within the  confines of our upcoming vote, I ask unanimous consent that there be 40  minutes, equally divided, between the majority and minority; that the  majority side be recognized in the order of Senators Rosen, Cortez  Masto, Duckworth, and Brown.    Would the Senator from Nevada yield for a point?    The FIRST STEP Act--the Democrats did the FIRST STEP Act,  the Republicans were in the majority. It was a bill sponsored by  Senators Grassley, Durbin, Lee, and many others. Who signed it into  law? Donald Trump signed it into law, this so-called Democratic  measure.    Will the Senator yield for a question? I ask the question  through the Chair.   Has the Senator been given a privacy waiver by the one marshal that  the Department of Justice is not going to defend?    How much time do we have? I am sorry. Go ahead.    Madam President, how much time do we have remaining?    Madam President, that last admission by the Senator from  Arkansas tells the whole story. He doesn't even know why the Department  is turning down representation of 1 person out of 74. They have agreed  to represent 70 of these U.S. marshal employees, and they said they  will represent them; and three are under review. One has been turned  down; and he hasn't received a privacy waiver, so he doesn't know why.  I don't know why either. But you know who is paying the price for it?   Millions of Americans who are asking for Federal law enforcement to  be adequately staffed to do their job. The U.S. attorneys and U.S.  marshals that want to keep us safe and be part of the team to do that.  And because this Senator suspects there may be something suspicious  about this, he doesn't have a privacy waiver, he is going to hold up  those officials throughout the United States and put their communities  in peril. Tell me that that is devotion to law enforcement.    I yield back.    I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs.  Feinstein), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. Kelly) and the Senator from  New Mexico (Mr. Lujan) are necessarily absent.    I announce that the Senator from California (Mrs.  Feinstein), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. Kelly), the Senator from New  Mexico (Mr. Lujan), and the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. Whitehouse)  are necessarily absent.   