 Mr. President.    Reserving the right to object.    Mr. President, I do object to this nomination moving at  this point to be able to do a unanimous consent on this. The reason for  that is, at OMB, we have consistently gone back to them and asked for  just basic information, and OMB continues to be the spot where things  are held up, and they are not turning the information over to us.   We have been exceptionally patient with OMB. Let me give you a couple  of examples on this.   We worked with DHS to try to get some additional information on some  of the detention beds and to be able to ask about this. We submitted  specific questions for the record to DHS in July of last year and then  again in November of last year. We still do not have the answers to  those.   It is our understanding DHS has turned those over to OMB to be able  to evaluate. OMB still is not turning those over to anyone else so they  are locked up into the system.   I have had numerous conversations with OMB and with the White House  on trying to get the information on how they are handling religious  exemptions and religious accommodations for the vaccine mandates. This  is an entirely new process that they have created for all of the  Agencies and an entirely different process that is running through the  U.S. military right now.   There are around 23,000 people who have made a request in the  military for religious accommodation, about 23 of them have actually  been given an answer. Most of them are just getting no answer. Across  the Federal Agencies and all the Federal families, they are asking the  questions about what do we do on a religious accommodation. They are  just not getting an answer at all or they are getting answers that are  different.   We have asked OMB specifically for the information, just how are you  handling it? How are decisions being made? What is the timing on it? We  are not getting answers on that.   We have gone to the task force. We have gone to OMB. We have gone to  the White House. We have gone to Agencies. They all point back to OMB,  saying they are the ones that are going to actually release that. We  are not getting it, basic clarity of information.   I can go on and on and on. I have got pages of questions that we put  in that we are either not getting an answer at all or they have  released to us something that is publicly available but not the actual  information on it. We are not asking for unreasonable things. We are  just asking for an answer.   So, yes, I do object, but I would really like to be able to get this  information from OMB.   If this was a nominee on the other side, Democrats would certainly be  asking for information and saying: Why did we make a request in July  and it is now March and we can't get an answer because OMB won't  release the answer that has been submitted by the Agency? So I do  object.   