 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, there is so much I would like to say about my friend,  Don Young. And some of you are probably wondering how could Don Young,  the crusty, old conservative from Alaska be friends with a liberal  Democrat from California like Jared Huffman, an environmental radical.   Well, it wasn't because we agreed on Arctic drilling. It wasn't  because we agreed on the Endangered Species Act or so many other  things. We fought about those things.   In fact, I will always remember our colleague, Mike Levin's, first  Natural Resource Committee hearing. Don Young was shaking his fist at  me, saying that he wanted to go out in the hall to settle our  differences, and Mike couldn't believe it. And I told him that was  nothing. That was tame by Don Young standards. You should have seen him  last year.   Don didn't actually wink when he did these things, but he didn't need  to because we both knew that the next time I saw him, we would be  laughing about it, having a glass of Chardonnay.   Believe it or not, we did find some things to work on. We had a  mutual love of fishing and salmon. We found lots of legislation to do  together on those subjects.   We both represent a lot of Indian country. We found common cause  there. We worked together on national and international wildlife  conservation. Now, he wanted to conserve wildlife so he could kill it.  I wanted to conserve it so I could admire it generally, but we found  common cause, and we did a lot of good work together.   I will always remember that when I met with Don in his office, I  would be sure to bring a bottle of Chardonnay from my district because  it was Anne's favorite and because in the odd years, when Don was  actually drinking, he liked it too.   I am so glad that in addition to getting to serve for almost 10 years  with this legend of the House, I got to have a lot of fun with him. I  got to play paddle ball in the gym. I got to travel with him and Anne  to Europe. I got to go fishing.   In fact, I went to his fishing tournament in Alaska last year. I was  the only Democrat there. My reward was Don put me on his boat with Karl  Rove, and I spent about 9 hours on the water with Don Young and Karl  Rove. That is an experience I will never forget. And it too was an  awful lot of fun, just like everything with Don Young.   So with Don Young gone, I have no doubt there are going to be plenty  of other people around here that I will find things to fight about  with. It is the other part that I will miss, and I think the  institution will miss.   