 Madam President, it is past due for us to address veterans  not getting the care they need after suffering an illness caused by  toxic exposure. We can do that as soon as this week by passing the PACT  Act.   As a retired naval aviator, I know firsthand the sacrifice and hard  work it takes to succeed in our military. I knew I wanted to join the  military from a young age, and after attending the U.S. Merchant Marine  Academy, making that choice was easy for me. That is the case for some  but not for everyone. Many more will say that this was the hardest  decision that they had to make, putting families, school, careers, or  all three through major changes in order to serve.   This is a sacrifice for so many, and regardless of how someone comes  to serving, what follows isn't easy. We spend years training to go to  war. For me, that was training to fly off of and land on an aircraft  carrier and put bombs on enemy targets. That is what I did during  Operation Desert Storm, flying combat missions off the USS Midway in  the gulf, to deliver weapons on dozens of targets in Iraq and Kuwait.   War is by its very nature dangerous, and flying airplanes in combat  or conducting ground combat operations is very complex. You need to  focus on completing the mission while also focusing on your safety and  that of your team or your crew. There are many opportunities to be  killed or injured. We all get that. The public understands  [[Page S2802]]  that. But there are also silent killers that affected soldiers,  sailors, marines, and airmen who served abroad.   No American soldier goes overseas and expects to be put in grave  danger by their own military, but they were. We saw it in Vietnam with  Agent Orange. We saw it in the first gulf war with toxic exposures that  we are still grappling to fully understand. It happened again starting  about 20 years ago when American soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan were  breathing in toxic smoke from American-made burn pits. Clouds of smoke  containing plastics, rubber, medical waste, and chemicals billowed, and  although the ``stink'' might have been a nuisance, the true  physiological damage would turn out to be much worse.   We sent young, healthy, and highly capable American troops--all of  whom volunteered--overseas. When they came home, they got sick, and  then they got sicker, just like in the case of SFC Heath Robinson,  whose namesake and story are behind the PACT Act.   Our servicemembers had put everything on the line, only to return  with severe illnesses due to bad decisions. When those same  servicemembers battling rare diseases filed claims with the VA, they  were met with a closed door. They were told that it wasn't a service- connected illness, so it wasn't covered. This is shameful, and it is  unacceptable. That is why this legislation is so important. Our  military made mistakes, and thousands of Americans and more than 6,500  Arizonans have paid or are continuing to pay the price.   We must--we must--live up to our solemn obligation to look after our  veterans, and that is what the PACT Act will do. This bill will lower  the threshold for veterans to receive benefits, expand access to VA  healthcare, strengthen the VA's ability to process claims, create  pathways for future presumptions based on developing medical research,  and much more.   So, together, let's get this bill across the finish line for our  veterans and their families. They deserve better from Washington.   