 Madam Speaker, I thank the distinguished  gentlewoman from my home State of Pennsylvania for yielding me the  customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, the rule before us today makes in order three pieces  of legislation, including H.R. 8294, a bill to fund 6 of the 12  appropriations bills.   As a member of the Appropriations Committee, I want to just say I am  extremely grateful to Ranking Member Granger and Chairwoman DeLauro for  all the hard work that they put in, and also the committee staff. I  know a lot of effort went into this legislation.   Unfortunately, the product before us was flawed from the very start.  House Democrats drastically underfunded our national defense while  providing major increases to the same social programs that have already  received trillions of dollars in funding under the Biden  administration.   It is clear that the Democrats' out-of-control spending has been the  key driver to inflation. Don't take my word for it. Larry Summers,  former economic adviser to President Biden, went so far as to call the  American Rescue Plan ``the least responsible macroeconomic policy we've  had in the last 40 years.'' Again, that was Larry Summers, Democrat  adviser to the President.   You know what? He was right. Last month, inflation hit 9.1 percent.  That is the highest inflation rate in my lifetime. It is the highest  inflation rate since 1981.   President Biden's inflation crisis has cost the American worker over  $3,000 in annual income, and the skyrocketing cost of goods and  services will cost the average American family over $6,000. That is  what is so nefarious about inflation, it hits the working class and  those on a fixed income the hardest.   Yet, the Big Government Democrats with their reckless spending  policies have these six bills before us today included in the package.  The six bills included in today's package received a total increase of  11 percent over the previous fiscal year with some accounts, like the  Federal Trade Commission and the Office of Personnel Management,  receiving double-digit and triple-digit percentage increases, which  will, of course, fuel additional inflation.   Keep in mind, the Defense appropriations bill approved by the  Appropriations Committee had just a 4.4 percent increase. Additionally,  instead of addressing record-high gas prices, Democrats are pushing  this partisan Green New Deal initiative that will only worsen Biden's  energy crisis.   Under this measure, offshore oil and gas activities are restricted  and oil and gas inspection fees are increased. This is just going to  drive up the cost of energy for working families.   H.R. 8294 also includes numerous far-left, radical, liberal policies  like allowing taxpayer dollars to fund abortions, and keeping our  critical and strategic minerals in the ground. Alarmingly, it includes  provisions that threaten our national security, including allowing for  the closure of Guantanamo Bay, which houses some of the world's most  dangerous terrorists. It also fails to modernize the nuclear weapons  stockpile and complex, and provides incentives for illegal immigration.   Further, the rule before us today provides for consideration of H.R.  8373, which goes far beyond supporting access to contraception. Let me  just be clear about this point. Not a single State in the Union, not a  single general assembly in any State is debating considering making  contraception illegal.   This poorly drafted bill has extreme provisions that could harm the  health of women, send taxpayer dollars to Planned Parenthood and other  abortion providers, and force people to violate their religious and  sincerely held beliefs.   Madam Speaker, I, therefore, urge my colleagues to oppose this rule,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, my friend and colleague from Pennsylvania asked me  which programs I would cut funding from as if this were some kind of  checkmate in floor debate. It is not because the answer is very  obvious. I have an extensive list of where I would cut.   Just for starters, let's look at some of the increases in the  appropriations package and, of course, where I would cut.   We have a 20 percent increase for the Environmental Protection  Agency. That could be cut.   We have a $1 billion increase for the Internal Revenue Service. That  could be cut right there.   There is a 30 percent increase for the Federal Trade Commission. That  could be cut. Don't take my word for it. Not one but two of the  Commissioners of the FTC said that they don't even need this increase.  There is money that you could cut right there, Madam Speaker.   There is a 12 percent increase to maintain and improve Federal  buildings. I don't know if anybody across the aisle has been paying  attention, but most of the people in these Federal buildings have been  working remotely from home for the last 2 years. Yet, we need to  increase funding to Federal buildings that are literally sitting empty  as people work from home?   Then, we have a lot of bad ideas regarding climate. $100 million is  provided for the President's proposal to use the Defense Production Act  authorities to accelerate domestic manufacturing of select clean energy  technologies. That can be cut.   While we are talking about the shift to clean energy technologies,  let's just be honest about who benefits from this. It is China because  they are the ones who are selling the rare earth elements that are  going into things like solar panels. By the way, they are bringing more  nuclear power plants online and more coal-fired plants online while we  hamstring our economy and our energy sector with these absurd climate  change proposals.   I have more, actually, but for the sake of time and brevity, I will  save them for later if the issue comes up.   Additionally, this notion that inflation is a worldwide issue, I am  not sure when they stopped teaching economics in school, but we are the  world's largest GDP. If we have inflation, then the world has inflation  because we literally export it. That is just how economics works.   To blame Ukraine, Ukraine might play a part in this, but who is to  blame for Ukraine? It is President Biden. It was the weakness and  vacillation--his surrender in Afghanistan--that emboldened Putin. It  was the vacillation. It was the ``minor incursion'' comment that he had  that gave Vladimir Putin the green light to invade. Had he just been  more resolute in our national security, then we could have deterred  this invasion. So, he owns Ukraine, as well.   The gentlewoman from North Carolina brought up Dobbs. I want to quote  the actual decision because I think a lot of the points in Dobbs were  taken out of context. The Court made it clear in that decision that the  decision on abortion should ``not be misunderstood or mischaracterized  . . . to cast doubt on precedents that do not concern abortion.''   The Court went out of its way to state that they are not concerned  about contraception, despite the gentlewoman from North Carolina saying  otherwise.   But let's go back to Dobbs. Since the point of the leak of the Dobbs  draft Supreme Court decision, there have been 70 violent attacks and  threats on churches, pregnancy centers, and pro-life organizations.   These attacks consist of vandalism. They consist of destruction of  property, arson, and even included protesters breaching the Arizona  State Capitol, forcing legislators to evacuate.   Radical pro-abortion groups have proudly declared ``open season'' on  pro-life pregnancy centers while these organizations are providing  critical resources to pregnant women, infants, and families.   Republicans want to protect public safety. We want to ensure pro-life  organizations can continue helping women and babies in need. That is  why if we defeat the previous question, I will personally offer an  amendment to the rule to immediately consider H. Res. 1233, a  resolution affirming the importance of pro-life crisis pregnancy  centers, condemning the violent attacks by far-left extremist groups,  and calling upon the Biden administration to use all law enforcement  authorities to uphold public safety and protect the rights of pro-life  facilities, groups, and churches.   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the  amendment in the Record, along with extraneous material, immediately  prior to the vote on the previous question.    Madam Speaker, I yield 7 minutes to the gentleman  from Louisiana (Mr. Johnson). The vice chairman of the Republican  Conference and sponsor of the resolution is here to explain the  amendment.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   There was an--I don't know if you want to call it an allegation--an  insinuation that the only time I speak to condemn violence is when it  is violence that I don't agree with.   I want to be clear about something. I condemn all acts of political  violence. I have been very consistent on that; so have my colleagues  across the aisle.   Great example: The first time I ever spoke here on the House floor  was in support of a resolution rejecting white supremacy, and I talked  at length at that time of the Tree of Life synagogue shooting that  occurred in Squirrel Hill, Pennsylvania.   As you know, I am from the South Hills of Pittsburgh. I have a lot of  friends that actually attend that synagogue. And again, the first time  I spoke on the House floor was to condemn violence.   So I just want the Record to reflect my consistency on this issue and  the consistency of my colleagues.   I wish my friends on the left would condemn violence that the left  has done. It seems that they cherry-pick their own outrage.   But let's just get back to economics. Again, there was this notion  floated that inflation is not as bad here as it is internationally, and  this is a global problem. Again, it is a global problem because we are  the world's largest GDP. We are exporting inflation.   But even with that said, inflation is far worse here than it is in  the developed world. Our inflation, by reference, is 9.1 percent. Japan  is at 2.4 percent. The U.K. is at 9.1 percent; they are the same as we  are. Italy is at 8 percent; Canada, 7.7 percent; France, 5.8 percent.   Again, all those countries I listed, those nations in the developed  world have inflation that is lower than where we are, with the  exception of the U.K., which is the same. In Brazil--I should say this  about Brazil. It is at 11.9 percent in Brazil.   So this idea that everybody is experiencing inflation, and that we  have it easier, is just not accurate when you look at the numbers.   Now, I gave a list of what I would cut from the budget. It wasn't an  exhaustive list, and neither is this, but I just want to give a few  more examples.   $75 million is allocated for public housing, energy efficiency and  climate resilience upgrades. That could be cut. There is 75 million  right there.   Funding for the FDA--and let's not forget, the FDA was the agency  that failed to prevent the infant formula crisis. The Democrats are  rewarding the FDA with a 10 percent increase. That can be cut.   And what is so insulting about a 10 percent increase to the FDA is,  at the same time Democrats want to increase the funding to the FDA-- again, the agency that led to the baby formula shortage--you have  farmers and ranchers that are struggling to make ends meet and to  actually harvest food because of the rising food costs and fertilizer  costs, and there is no increase to them.   And I think one of the most outrageous items that can be cut is the  $90 million that is going to The Presidio park, a park that is in an  incredibly affluent area of San Francisco, arguably, one of the  wealthiest areas in the entire United States. Yet, that park is getting  $90 million, when those around that park can fund it.   And again, what is so insulting about this is we are not even giving  allocations to places like Yellowstone and Yosemite that are actually  national parks. So those are just some of the areas I would cut.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I have no further speakers at this  time, and I yield myself the balance of my time.   Since Democrats jammed through their $1.9 trillion stimulus bill last  year, inflation is at an over 40-year high; the value of American  paychecks has also fallen; and families are paying more for just about  everything.   Yet, the rule before us makes in order a funding package that  provides double-digit and triple-digit increases for nondefense  programs that will further fuel Biden's inflation crisis.   And by the way, while this bill is providing double-digit and triple- digit increases for nondefense programs, the defense budget has only  increased 4.4 percent. That is appalling.   H.R. 8294 also is packed with far-left liberal wish list items like  taxpayer-funded abortion, rather than policies that will address  Biden's economic crisis and fix our supply chains, secure our border,  and invest in national security, and bring down gas and electricity  costs through domestic energy production.   Clearly, the Democrats' spending and policy priorities are out of  touch with everyday Americans. And that is just not me saying that.  According to a poll, a shocking 75 percent of Americans are  experiencing hardship because of Joe Biden and House Democrats'  inflation crisis. And the majority of Americans expect the economy to  get worse this year.   This bill, like the Democratic Party, is tone-deaf and out of touch.   I, therefore, urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on the previous  question and ``no'' on the rule, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   