 Madam Speaker, I rise today to plead with my colleagues  to support H.R. 7910, the Protecting Our Kids Act.   We gather just days after an 18-year-old mowed down 19 schoolchildren  and two of their teachers with an AR-15. Just days earlier, a racist  conspiracy theorist used that same type of weapon of war to murder 10  Americans, turning a grocery store into a bloody battlefield. Nineteen  families in Uvalde and 10 families in Buffalo are permanently  shattered, never to be the same again. On average, more than 110  Americans suffer the same fate, death by gun, every single day.   Madam Speaker, no one can tell me that I don't know what I am talking  about when it comes to damage that guns can do. Forty-two years ago, I  was a sixteen-year-old police cadet when a gun misfired, severing my  spinal cord, and changing my life forever.   Of course, we will never be able to stop every single gun injury or  death, but we have the power to act, to pass commonsense gun safety  laws that reduce the preventable heartbreak experienced by far too many  families in this country. We must get illegal guns off our streets. We  must pass red flag laws to keep guns out of the wrong hands. We must  raise the minimum age to buy a semiautomatic assault weapon to 21, and  we can.    These are commonsense policies, backed by broad, bipartisan  majorities of Americans. But instead, some of my colleagues have the  audacity to suggest that we turn our schools into armed fortresses.   What is next? Armed churches? Armed movie theaters? Is this the  country you want to leave to your children and grandchildren? I  certainly don't.   Madam Speaker, guns are now the leading cause of death for children  in this country. No other developed country on Earth would ever  tolerate this level of gun violence, and we shouldn't, either.   Those children in Uvalde deserved to grow up.   The victims in Buffalo deserved to return home safe.   And the 40,000 Americans who die from guns every year deserved to  live.   The American people are counting on us to deliver change. I pray that  we won't let them down.   