 Mr. President, at 5:15 this afternoon, we will be voting  on a budget resolution written by my colleague Senator Rand Paul from  Kentucky. As chairman of the Budget Committee, I urge a very strong  ``no'' vote.   At a time of a massive incline in wealth inequality, at a time when  two people in our country own more wealth than the bottom 42 percent of  our population, at a time when the top 1 percent owns more wealth than  the bottom 92 percent, at a time when we are looking at more income and  wealth inequality than at any time in American history, this budget  resolution offered by Senator Paul would move us in exactly the wrong  direction and make a bad situation worse.   Senator Paul's resolution would make the very wealthiest people in  this country even wealthier, while at the same time, it would make tens  of millions of middle-class Americans--people in the middle class,  people in the working class, lower income Americans--even poorer.   We remain, sadly, the only major country on Earth not to guarantee  healthcare to all people as a human right. We pay the highest prices by  far in the world for prescription drugs. Half of our people are living  paycheck to paycheck, and millions are working at 8, 9, 10 bucks an  hour because we still have a disastrous, starvation minimum wage of  $7.25 an hour. Many millions of Americans today, as housing prices  soar, are spending half or more of their limited incomes on housing.  Forty-five million people in our country are struggling with student  debt. At a time when half of older Americans have no savings--people  have worked their entire lives, and they have no savings to prepare  themselves for retirement. The Social Security benefits that they will  receive are inadequate to allow them to live out their remaining years  in dignity.   What this budget resolution brought forth by Senator Paul does is  exactly the opposite of what we should be doing. Instead of expanding  Medicare to make sure that every man, woman, and child in this country  has healthcare as a human right, this is a budget that would lead to  devastating cuts to Medicare, cuts to Medicaid, and cuts to other  public health programs.   Senator Paul's budget resolution would cut nutrition assistance at a  time when there are children in America today who are going hungry. It  would cut Federal aid to education at a time when schools are looking  for funding to pay the teachers they need adequate wages. But in the  midst of this budget that cuts healthcare, that cuts education, that  cuts Social Security, that cuts every benefit needed by ordinary  Americans, this is a budget that would give massive tax breaks to the  wealthiest people in this country.   So you have a situation where, right now, we have a tax system which  is broken, which is corrupt, which allows some billionaires in a given  year to pay zero in Federal income taxes--zero. Some of the richest  people in this country in a given year do not pay a nickel in Federal  income tax. We have a tax system which allows dozens of major,  profitable corporations making billions of dollars a year in profit to  pay in a given year zero in Federal income tax. We have an effective  tax rate today in which billionaires pay a lower effective rate than  nurses and firefighters. That is what we have today. Senator Paul's  budget--well, you guessed it. You are right. It would give even more  tax breaks to the 1 percent and to the billionaire class.   Unfortunately, the vision of America that Senator Paul's budget puts  forward--balancing the budget on the backs of working families, the  elderly, the children, the sick, and the poor in order to make the  richest people in America even richer--is not just the vision of  Senator Paul. I wish it was just his vision, and I have to applaud his  honesty for coming forward and putting his vision on paper.  Unfortunately, it is the vision of many, many people in the Republican  Party, and this is what they want.   Senator Paul and many in the Republican Party do not believe that it  was good enough to provide over $1 trillion in tax breaks to the top 1  percent and large corporations, as they did when Trump was President-- not good enough. The budget that we are debating today, Senator Paul's  proposal, would make those tax breaks for the wealthy and the powerful  permanent--permanent--at a cost of more than $2 trillion over the next  decade, cutting nutrition programs for hungry children, throwing  millions of people off of Medicare and Medicaid, but providing $2  trillion in tax breaks for the very wealthy.   Under Trump, Republicans came within 1 vote of passing a bill that  would have thrown up to 32 million Americans off of health insurance  and eliminated vital protections for people with preexisting conditions  like cancer or diabetes and substantially increased premiums for older  workers. That was the bill that the Trump administration tried to get  passed. It failed by one vote--the late Senator McCain.   Senator Paul and many Republicans who support this budget resolution  believe that what they tried to do a few years ago in decimating the  Affordable Care Act--hey, that didn't go far enough.   So the budget that we are talking about right now, Senator Paul's  proposal, would throw up to 35 million Americans off of Medicaid.   So what do you do in the middle of a pandemic when you have no health  insurance? Well, right now, as a nation today, there are estimates that  about 60,000 people a year die because they don't get to a doctor on  time. Throw 35 million people off Medicaid, that number will escalate.  We are talking about tens and tens of thousands of people who would die  because they wouldn't have Medicaid, wouldn't be able to go to a doctor  when they are sick.   When Donald Trump was in office, he proposed a budget that would have  cut Medicare by nearly $845 billion. Senator Paul and the Republicans  who  [[Page S2957]]  will support this budget do not believe that those cuts went far  enough--only $845 billion in cuts to Medicare. The budget we are  debating today would cut Medicare by up to $3.9 trillion over the next  decade and throw some 29 million senior citizens and persons with  disabilities off of Medicare.   At a time when tens of millions of Americans struggle with hunger,  Senator Paul and the Republicans who support this budget want to cut  the SNAP program by $300 billion, throwing some 13 million people off  of that program.   I don't know what a nation stands for if we cannot feed the hungry  and if we cannot provide healthcare to people who need it, but that is  what this budget does. Overall, Senator Paul's budget would make $15  trillion in cuts over the next 10 years, slashing the Federal budget by  nearly 40 percent by the end of this decade.   So that is where we are today, Mr. President. And, again, I would  reiterate that this is not just Senator Paul's budget. And I applaud  him for his honesty. He is an honest guy; he is a straightforward guy;  and he comes forward and he says: This is what I believe.   It would be bad enough if this were just the views of one U.S.  Senator. Unfortunately, it is not. These are the views of many in the  Republican Party.   So, Mr. President, it is absolutely imperative that this budget  proposal of Senator Paul be defeated and that we move this country  forward in a very different direction. It is a direction which says  that the U.S. Government should be representing the needs of all of the  people, not just the wealthy and the powerful and Big Money campaign  contributors. It is a vision in opposition to Senator Paul that says  that healthcare is a human right, that we have to stand up to the  pharmaceutical industry and cut prescription drug costs in this country  in half. It is a vision which says that, no, we should not be cutting  Social Security; we should be lifting the cap on taxable income, which  today is at $147,000, meaning that somebody making $10 million pays the  same amount into Social Security as somebody making $147,000. We should  be lifting that cap so that we can increase Social Security benefits  for all seniors.   So, Mr. President, this is not just a budget resolution on the part  of the Senator from Kentucky, Senator Paul; this really is a  contrasting vision of where we want this country to go. Do we want to  move into an oligarchic form of society where a handful of people on  top have enormous wealth and enormous political power while, at the  same time, the middle class continues to become small and we have more  and more people living in poverty?   So these are contrasting visions of the future of America, and I hope  very much that Senator Paul's resolution will be soundly defeated.   With that, I yield the floor.   