 Madam President, as a leading advocate for lower drug  prices in the Senate, No. 1, I have hauled Big Pharma and pharmacy  benefit managers' executives before my committee of Congress; second, I  led a 2-year bipartisan investigation into insulin price-gouging; and  three, introduced bipartisan reforms to lower the cost of insulin and  many other prescription drugs. In the past few years, legislation I  have championed into law has saved the taxpayers $9.6 billion.   Right now, the Senate is not acting on bipartisan legislation to  lower drug costs. I support a bipartisan plan by Senators Collins and  Shaheen that establishes a $35 out-of-pocket cap on insulin for  patients with private insurance while also reforming PBMs, the powerful  middlemen who are behind rising drug prices. If you don't address PBM  reform, a cap on out-of-pocket costs will only result in shifting  patient costs somewhere else.   In my 2-year bipartisan insulin investigation, we found that a drug's  list price is tied to rebates and other fees that drug companies have  to pay the PBMs. The scheme encourages drugmakers to spike the list  price of the drug to offer a greater rebate. And then do you know what  happens in turn? Secure priority placement on a health plan's list of  covered medications. We have to hold PBMs accountable, then, if you  really want to lower prescription drug costs.   In 2018, I called on the Federal Trade Commission to assess  consolidation in the pharmaceutical supply chain and its impact on drug  prices, but I didn't wait for the FTC to act. I introduced the  Prescription Pricing for the People Act with Senator Cantwell, and it  was approved out of the Judiciary Committee unanimously last year.   A few months ago, the FTC agreed to conduct a study of PBM business  practices. This is very welcomed news, but the FTC needs to complete  this study and do it in a timely way. Last week, I asked FTC Chair Kahn  about when the PBM study would be completed. Chair Kahn didn't commit  to a date.   While we need more sunshine on the PBMs, we don't need to wait to  take some action. Senator Cantwell and I have introduced the PBM  Transparency Act, and it has been approved by the Commerce Committee on  a 19-to-9 vote. The bill prohibits PBMs from engaging in spread pricing  and clawbacks. Both spread pricing and clawbacks are actions that game  the system and hurt consumers.   When the majority party pursued a partisan, reckless spending-and-tax  package that they called the Inflation Reduction Act, I filed the  Grassley-Wyden Prescription Drug Pricing Reduction Act as an amendment  that had 10 Republican cosponsors. I did that in order to show that the  majority party could have chosen to pass drug pricing reform on a  bipartisan basis if the majority wanted to do that. The bill  establishes PBM accountability and transparency, something missing from  the Inflation Reduction Act.   So, Madam President, we have bipartisan prescription drug legislation  awaiting action. We don't have to wait until 2026 for what happened in  August in the Inflation Reduction Act to get anything done because that  doesn't take effect until 2026. This includes the bipartisan plan to  lower insulin prices and my two bills to hold PBMs accountable. That is  what we need bipartisan action on in the U.S. Senate.   I have also led out of the Judiciary Committee three bipartisan bills  to establish more competition to lower prescription drug prices. They  save taxpayers a combined $1.9 billion.   So the Senate must act on six bipartisan bills. Collectively, they  lower insulin costs, secondly hold PBMs accountable, and lastly  establish more competition to lower prescription drug prices.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, home should be the safest place in the  world for a child. It used to be that parents could breathe a little  easier once they locked the front door, knowing that their child was  safe on the inside.   For some reason or other, not anymore is that the case. Drug dealers  have found ways into our homes through social media. Now, more and more  children are dying alone at night in what should be the safest place  for them, in their own bedrooms.   That is where Deric and Kathy Kidd found their son Sebastian,  unresponsive, on the morning of July 30, 2021. He was slumped on his  bed, still in his street clothes.   Sebastian was a high school senior in Des Moines, IA. He took half of  what he thought was a pain pill. It was actually fentanyl. Sebastian's  parents should have had the rest of their lives with him. Instead, they  buried their 17-year-old son.   Congress has responded in the worst possible way to parents like the  Kidd family. We have responded with inaction. I am disappointed that my  Democrat colleagues have tried to block fentanyl analog scheduling.  Under this Democrat-led Congress, the reauthorization periods of  fentanyl analog scheduling keeps getting shorter and shorter, and  bipartisan talks about permanent scheduling have all dropped. And if  you don't have bipartisan talks, nothing happens in the U.S. Senate.  That is what it takes to get things done in a body that takes a  supermajority of 60 to stop debate to get to finality.   It doesn't matter if you are a rank-and-file Democrat or Republican,  fentanyl is a problem for all of us. It is time that we start treating  it like the problem it is. We can't keep ignoring law enforcement's  requests for fentanyl analog scheduling. Police are the folks  responding to fentanyl poisoning. Police are the ones putting their  lives on the line facing off with cartels, and police are asking us to  extend classification of fentanyl analog as schedule I substances.   Who are we to deny the police when they say what they need? We all  agreed that fentanyl analog scheduling was necessary in 2020 when we  unanimously extended it by 15 months. Even career officials in the  Biden administration agreed that fentanyl analog scheduling was  necessary when they asked Congress. The Biden administration asked  Congress to permanently schedule it.   But here we are on the brink of fentanyl analog scheduling--the  expiration of it. Families and law enforcement alike are panicked that  we let this authority disappear. Temporary fentanyl analog scheduling  cannot lapse while we hash out more permanent solutions.   We have all voted this provision into law before. We have been warned  that more parents will have to bury their children if we do not pass  it.   So, I have this motion.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the  immediate consideration of Calendar No. 45, S. 1216; further, that the  Grassley amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to; that the  bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action.    Mr. President, I appreciate the chairman's right to do  that. I appreciate his position on this whole problem that we are  trying to deal with. I am just sorry that Senator Booker had to have  people object for him.   It is not right. How many people have to die before we do something  about it? Last year, there were over 107,000 overdose deaths, with  70,000 due to fentanyl-related substances--200 opioid overdoses in the  State of Iowa.   Somebody has got to wake up around here and realize that we can do  something about it. The Biden administration wants us to do something  about it, and one person--not Chairman Durbin, but other people--stands  in the way. It is just not right.   I yield the floor.   