 Mr. President, I am back to the floor for reasons that  my Senator friends are tired of hearing me talk about all the time, but  I have come back to give you a specific example of retaliation against  whistleblowers, Agencies of the government not answering letters that  we have sent, and also what I believe is some political interference in  some of my oversight work. Today, it deals specifically with the  Department of Veterans Affairs--as we know it around here, the VA.   On April 2 of last year, 2021, I sent letters to the VA and the VA  Office of Inspector General based on allegations from multiple  whistleblowers. Those whistleblowers reported numerous ethical  violations, retaliation, and possible leaking of market-sensitive  information that may have affected retail investors. I have been  waiting more than a year for a response to my inquiries.   Emails obtained through the Freedom of Information Act by a  government watchdog group called Empower Oversight show that career  public servants at the VA prepared a response to my letter over a year  ago, but when it came time for the Secretary of the VA, McDonough, to  send that letter to my office, senior Biden political officials blocked  it. It appears that Biden-appointed VA officials have issued an order  not to respond to my request, and I have a pretty good reason why.   We know that the VA received these allegations from whistleblowers  early on, and the VA ignored them. Whistleblowers alleged, among other  things, conflicts of interest between a senior-level VA official and a  company represented by her husband. This official, Charmain Bogue, has  since left public service. The company that employed her husband,  Barrett Bogue, is entitled ``Veterans Education Success,'' or VES.   On multiple occasions, starting in December of 2017, an employee at  VA sought guidance from VA lawyers on whether Ms. Bogue should recuse  herself on procurement-related matters. The lawyers affirmed that Ms.  Bogue should recuse herself, and the employee even copied Ms. Bogue on  that guidance of recusal. The employee also alerted VA leadership of  Ms. Bogue's need to recuse herself. Ms. Bogue never recused herself,  but the VA employee was reportedly removed from Federal service. Now,  that is retaliation. That is unjustified. It should never happen.   In response to my letter about these and other allegations, the VA  Office of Inspector General immediately opened an investigation. The VA  Office of Inspector General uncovered more wrongdoing than originally  thought, and I have four points that they uncovered. I am only going to  go into those four.   Ms. Bogue participated in matters involving her husband's employer,  contrary to ethics guidance. Ms. Bogue's interaction with that company  violated the apparent conflict rules. Ms. Bogue did not provide  sufficient detail to VA ethics about her spouse's business. No. 4, Ms.  Bogue refused to cooperate fully in the OIG's investigation.   These are only some of the allegations that I have received.   The VA Office of Inspector General did not review the allegations of  whistleblower reprisal; nor did it investigate whether VA employees  mishandled nonpublic information.   I raised questions about all of these issues, and to date, I have had  no substantive communication from Secretary McDonough about any of  these questions I have raised. So what is the VA hiding? What else did  the VA know or choose to ignore?   Congress needs answers not stonewalling. Independent government  watchdogs and whistleblower advocates have called on the VA to review  government grants and screen for companies and individuals who have  engaged in wrongdoing. They have also urged the VA to consider whether  those individuals or entities should be able to obtain government  contracts in the future.  [[Page S3227]]    I would be very interested to know whether those who refuse to  cooperate with an OIG request can still obtain taxpayer money through  government contracts. The Biden administration has claimed, time and  again, that it is the most transparent administration in U.S. history.  Well, I think I just gave you an example that that is not true, and it  certainly hasn't been true, in this case, for emphasis.   The VA deserves much better. Of course, the VA serves our veterans,  and our veterans deserve much better from that Agency. The VA needs to  start being as transparent as they claim to be transparent and  cooperate with this investigation.   I yield the floor.   