 Madam Speaker, I thank Mrs. Cammack very much for  yielding. I am proud to join my colleagues and rise today in honor of  the brave men and women in blue who serve and protect us each and every  day.   According to new statistics released by the FBI, intentional killings  of law enforcement in 2021 were the highest in 20 years. Every day  police officers across central Washington, as well as the United  States, put on a badge and go to work knowing that they may face  extremely dangerous situations, exacerbated by significant economic  uncertainties, open border policies, and the raging opioid crisis.   We owe a debt of gratitude to these individuals who risk their lives  to enforce the law and protect our communities. Law enforcement  officers take time away from their families and their loved ones, often  without the thanks that they deserve and often putting themselves in  harm's way.   Before I highlight some of our officers who are currently serving the  great State of Washington, I would like to ask for a moment of silence  for the victims of today's tragic shooting in Richland, Washington, and  the officers who are currently investigating that incident.   Trooper David Brandt of the Tri-Cities was selected as the 2020  Washington State Trooper of the Year. Trooper Brandt not only  demonstrates a strong commitment to law enforcement, but takes the time  to personally connect with his community; from reading books to  schoolchildren to conducting safety classes for women to delivering  meals to families in need.   King County Trooper Patoc also goes beyond above and beyond the line  of duty and just last year saved the life of a man on the brink of  committing suicide, who is now receiving the critical help that he  requires.   These officers are the kinds of heroes that we need, and they deserve  our utmost support and recognition. I also want to recognize some  officers whose lives were recently lost.   In just January of this year, we lost Trooper Robert LaMay of Yakima,  who served honorably for over two decades. In October of last year, we  lost Trooper Detective Eric Gunderson of Tacoma in the line of duty.  These and all of our fallen officers will not be forgotten.   I want to personally thank the police and sheriff's departments of  Washington State Patrol, and all of the officers who keep central  Washington's communities safe. Today and every day we offer our  appreciation and respect for law enforcement officers across the  Nation.   Madam Speaker, I also want to thank Mrs. Cammack, my friend, for  putting together this Special Order.   