 Mr. Speaker, I want to commend the authors of the CHIPS Act  of 2022 for including $52.7 billion to incentivize investments and  continued American leadership in semiconductor manufacturing to help  address supply chain disruptions and ensure that more semiconductors  are produced here at home. Currently, only 12 percent of chips are  manufactured domestically, compared to 37 percent in the 1990s. The  CHIPS Act of 2022 will ensure the Congressional goal of promoting  domestic competitiveness and the Act also includes safeguards to ensure  that recipients of Federal funds from these programs cannot build  advanced semiconductor production facilities in countries that present  a national security concern.   Within my central Florida district is the NeoCity technology campus  which is recognized as an emerging microelectronics manufacturing and  advanced packaging hub, that has already made synergies with  institutions of higher education across Florida and key partnerships  with the U.S. Department of Defense and U.S. Department of Commerce.  NeoCity is home to BRIDG, a not for-profit, public-private partnership  specializing in domestic semiconductor research, advanced packaging,  and manufacturing. Imec, a world-renowned international research and  development organization active in semiconductor design and  architecture. SUSS MicroTec and TEL, leading suppliers of equipment and  process solutions for the semiconductor industry. And Sky Water  Technology, the only U.S. owned and operated pure play trusted foundry,  that works on leading edge advanced packaging technology. They all work  in collaboration out of the Center for Neovation, one of the most  state-of-the-art advanced manufacturing facilities in the western  hemisphere. As envisioned by this important legislation, the  facilities, and experts at BRIDG, imec, SUSS MicroTec, TEL, and Sky  Water Technology offer immediate capability to accelerate U.S.  production of critical semiconductor chips, strengthen the domestic  supply chain so chips are made in America, and turbocharge our research  capacity. Equally as important, the NeoCity Academy, a public STEM  magnet high school, is training the leaders of tomorrow's science and  technology workforce.   I am proud of the work being undertaken in my district to support  domestic semiconductor manufacturing technology development as they  work to address the supply chain. I look forward to working with the  Administration and the U.S. Department of Commerce on implementation of  the CHIPS for America Fund.   Additionally, I appreciate the inclusion of two provisions that I  submitted that were included in the final passage, one amendment and  one standalone bill. One COMPETES Act amendment was included to extend  non-profits to be included in CHIPS funding. Specifically, the  provision adds nonprofits to the definition of ``covered entities'' to  expand the semiconductor incentive program to include nonprofit  entities, which clarifies that non-profit entities like the 501(c)(3)  fatalities in NeoCity are also eligible for funding under the  semiconductor incentive program. Finally, I appreciate the inclusion of  a standalone bill, H.R. 8545, that Requires the Director of the Office  of Science and Technology Policy to establish a blockchain and  cryptocurrencies advisory specialist position within the Office to  advise the President on matters related to blockchain and  cryptocurrencies. OSTP advises the President and others within the  Executive Office of the President on the scientific, engineering, and  technological aspects of the economy, national security, homeland  security, health, foreign relations, and the environment. it is  critical to create such a position within OSTP to ensure there is a  policy expert.   