 Mr. President, I rise today to urge my colleagues to  support the swift passage of the Inflation Reduction Act.   In the wake of COVID-19, global supply chains have been strained.  There has been shipping disruptions, and Putin's illegal invasion of  Ukraine has added to this. As a result of these many factors, inflation  is up in almost every single country across the globe. The United  States is among the world's wealthiest and most productive and  diversified economies, but no nation on Earth is immune to the forces  of inflation, particularly when it comes from so many different  directions.   Let's remember also, 2021 was a huge year for U.S. economic growth.  In fact, last year, the U.S. economy grew at its fastest pace since  1984. Our unemployment rate is back down to 50-year lows, wages have  risen for many, and there is a job literally for any American who wants  to work and is looking for work. Nobody thought that type of growth was  sustainable, especially with the global economic headwinds we are  facing and will continue to face.   The fact is that Americans are forced to pay inflated gas prices at  the pump because of the immoral and illegal invasion of Ukraine by  Vladimir Putin, because of the cartel--OPEC--that controls prices, and  because of our failure so far to invest in clean energy, and that has  made our economy crack.   So the question before us is: How do we help our economy gain firmer  footing and lower prices for consumers; how do we make our country more  energy independent; and how do we strike a blow for fairness and  financial responsibility and make things better for families,  businesses, and communities?   The Inflation Reduction Act accomplishes all of those goals. It makes  forward-looking policy adjustments and investments to shore-up the  economy. It takes long overdue steps to help lower out-of-pocket costs  for things like energy, prescription drugs, and healthcare. It will  strengthen America's energy independence and enhance our national  security by moving production lines and jobs from China and other  places back to the United States.   And don't just take my word for it. A wide array of economic experts  have confirmed this bill will ease inflation in three ways: by lowering  energy costs for families and small businesses, by cutting healthcare  costs for millions of Americans and by ensuring wealthy Americans and  large corporations pay their fair share.   Republican and Democratic Treasury Secretaries have said this, as  have over 120 of our Nation's leading economists, including seven Nobel  Prize winners. The Inflation Reduction Act will also reduce the deficit  by more than $100 billion, according to the nonpartisan Congressional  Budget Office. And budget experts agree, it will save another $200  billion by empowering and equipping the IRS to crack down on tax cheats  and enforce tax laws already on the books.   So independent arbiters are clear: This bill is good for the family  budget and for the national budget. It is good for the health of our  communities and our planet.   And here are some of the highlights. Let's start with the cost of  prescription drugs. According to Families USA, nearly 3 in 10 American  adults--that is about 80 million people--have not taken required  medicine due to its high cost. For decades, the drug companies have  taken advantage of every avenue to keep prices high.   They argue that the cost is justified in order to fund research and  development, but that is not really what is happening. The bottom line  is, drug companies are not playing fair. In fact, they are charging  inflated prices even  [[Page S4024]]  on old medications, insulin being the classic example. Developed more  than 100 years ago, the developers basically made their product  available to everyone. They did not insist upon patent protection. Yet,  the price of insulin, of a 100-year old drug, has gone up dramatically.   The Inflation Reduction Act will put the brakes on this type of  profiteering. Under this bill, the government will finally be allowed  to directly negotiate lower drug prices for Medicare beneficiaries. And  I am fighting to include, as I mentioned before about insulin, a $35  cap on insulin costs for millions of Americans in this bill. And I must  applaud Senator Warnock for his leadership on this effort.   It is long past time to get this done. The Department of Veterans  Affairs already does it and saves veterans and taxpayers billions of  dollars a year. The Inflation Reduction Act would also limit drug price  increases to the rate of inflation. It also caps out-of-pocket costs at  $2,000 annually for older adults buying prescriptions from pharmacies.  It would also provide free vaccinations for seniors, and it helps keep  health insurance affordable for millions of Americans.   Let's not forget, cutting healthcare costs for millions of Americans  is a direct attack on inflation. So the benefits here are both health- related and economic.   Now, let's talk about how the bill will reduce energy costs and  address climate change. The American people recognize that climate  change is a serious threat. It fuels extreme weather, environmental  degradation, and natural disasters. We are witnessing these phenomena  at this moment all across the country. And, frankly, I haven't seen the  kind of rapidity and severity of storms like this in sheer number in my  time.   This is a result of our neglect of the climate crisis. And I must  also applaud my colleague Senator Whitehouse because he has been a  voice since his first day here in this Chamber about the dangers of  climate change, the cost to families, and the cost to our environment.   Of course, all of these climate effects lead to food and water  insecurity, economic disruption, and, indeed, human conflict. One of  the areas which is most concerning to our Defense Department officials  is the follow-on effects of famine and disruption of economies. It  usually creates a whole generation of young people without any gainful  employment but with access to weapons, which leads to instability and  violence--threats to the whole world. And eventually threats to us.    Just this week, we had a hearing in the Banking Committee on the  economic costs of climate change. One witness cited a particularly eye- popping statistic from OMB, that our lack of action on climate change  costs the Federal Government up to $2 trillion per year. That is $2  trillion with a T. So the cost of our efforts to reduce this will be  more than exceeded, according to this number, by the benefits. And good  economic analysis suggests, when you have a proposal in which benefits  far outweigh cost, that proposal is something to consider.   The Inflation Reduction Act stops kicking the can down the road and  takes urgent, overdue action to confront climate change and economic  challenges head on. I don't have to remind anyone here that we have  been talking about climate change for years and years and years. And  now, we have a real opportunity to take positive steps. And if we  don't, what we see now is upsetting, to say the least, but it is  accelerating and you can sense the economic crises and the  environmental crises we see all around us will grow.   Now, this legislation would invest $369 billion in affordable clean  energy, energy security, and initiatives to help combat climate change  and make America more energy independent.   I will give you a very good example up in Rhode Island. We have the  first offshore wind field in the United States off of Block Island. It  was built and provided up to 300 workers--union workers mostly--with  good jobs. It will continue to help employ people as it is maintained.  It has provided us, the whole region, with an example of where to go.  And now, you have significant wind farms that are being proposed in  Federal waters off of Massachusetts and off of Long Island. This will  bring energy without pollution. That is something that will benefit all  of us, both in our pocketbook and in our well-being.   This is really a historic investment. And the savings will pay off  for families and the planet month after month, year after year. It is  something that we owe the next generation because right now, we are  prepared to hand off to the sons and daughters and grandsons and  granddaughters a world that is environmentally challenged, to say the  least. And they will look back on us and say: You had an opportunity,  and you failed.   We cannot fail.   Now, a report by nonprofit group Rewiring America found that the tax  incentives included as a part of the $369 billion dedicated to climate  change initiatives in the bill would save the average household $1,800  per year on energy costs. This will incentivize the use of heat pumps,  the use of solar panels--a much more practical and cost-saving energy  tool than what is available today.   The Inflation Reduction Act also sets up America to out-innovate and  out-compete other countries and strengthens domestic clean energy  manufacturing and reinforces our supply chain, making America more  energy independent and self-reliant.   I want to make the important point that under the Budget Act, this  bill must be paid for. And rather than cut Medicare or Social Security  as some of my colleagues on the other side like to suggest, this bill  strikes a blow for fairness when it comes to our Tax Code. It sends a  signal to the middle class that wealthy individuals who wish to avoid  taxes will no longer be able to easily evade taxes because we are  enforcing the auditing mechanisms at the IRS so that the laws are  followed more scrupulously, and that will result in benefits to all of  us.   It sends a signal to working families that the 150 most profitable  companies will pay a minimum tax of 15 percent rather than zero, as is  sometimes the case. It is not fair for a multi-billion dollar company  to game the tax system to avoid any payment, while a truck driver or a  custodian is paying 20 percent of their income to taxes--or even more.   It sends a signal that private equity and hedge fund managers who  claim their income is carried interest will have to step up and pay  more. Indeed, as the President stressed, this bill is written so that  no family that makes under $400,000 will see their taxes go up. That is  what the President promised, and that is what this legislation will do.   So no one should be out making the claim that this hurts the middle  class and the tax cuts will be paid for by them. In fact, it increases  the taxpayers in our system. And any examination of our present system  shows it is grossly unfair.   I will end with the words of the five former Treasury Secretaries,  including one appointed by former President George W. Bush, who all  agree that the Inflation Reduction Act will, in their words, ``help  increase American competitiveness, address our climate crisis, lower  costs for families, and fight inflation--and should be passed  immediately by Congress.''   Let me also quote over 120 leading economists who shared a similar  message, writing: ``This historic legislation makes crucial investments  in energy, health care, and shoring up the nation's tax system. These  investments will fight inflation and lower costs for American families  while setting the stage for strong, stable and broadly-shared long-term  economic growth.''   This isn't a partisan issue for economists, and it shouldn't be a  partisan issue in Congress. The bottom line is that Congress has an  opportunity to help lower prices for consumers and invest in scalable  new energy technologies and solutions that will strengthen our economy  and make the U.S. and the planet more secure, more prosperous, and more  resilient.   We must seize the moment. The time to act is now. Generations from  now, they will look back at this moment and ask the question: Did we  stand up for them, for this country, for the planet, and for the  future, or did we fail?   I urge us all to stand up and succeed.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   