 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2954, the Securing a Strong  Retirement Act of 2022, which incorporates the bipartisan Retirement  Improvement and Savings Enhancement Act, or RISE Act, that the  Committee on Education and Labor approved by voice vote last fall.   I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. Neal) for his hard work  in incorporating this legislation into SECURE 2.0. Our committee was  able to reach a bipartisan agreement on the RISE Act, thanks in large  part to the leadership of the chairman and ranking member of our  Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions, the gentleman  from California (Mr. DeSaulnier) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr.  Allen). I want to recognize them and thank them for their important  contributions to this bill.   American workers deserve a decent wage and the ability to retire with  dignity and security. Unfortunately, far too many Americans are working  later in their lives and still relying on the next paycheck to cover  monthly expenses. This legislation makes meaningful improvements to our  retirement system, helping Americans prepare for and achieve the secure  retirement that they deserve.   I am particularly pleased that this bill incorporates several key  priorities authorized by Committee on Education and Labor members.   For example, it includes legislation sponsored by the gentlewoman  from Oregon (Ms. Bonamici), the chair of the Subcommittee on Civil  Rights and Human Services, which creates an online retirement lost-and- found database at the Department of Labor to help workers locate their  hard-earned retirement savings as they move from job to job. According  to the Government Accountability Office, more than 25 million people  who changed jobs between 2004 and 2014 left behind one or more  retirement accounts. Establishing this kind of database at the  Department of Labor is necessary and long overdue.   The bill includes legislation sponsored by the gentlewoman from North  Carolina (Ms. Manning) that reduces barriers preventing part-time  workers from participating in their employer's retirement savings  plans. This simple change will benefit many part-time workers,  particularly women.   It also includes legislation sponsored by the gentleman from Indiana  (Mr. Mrvan) requiring the Department of Labor to review and update  guidance from the mid-1990s regarding pension risk transfers.   Importantly, Madam Speaker, this bill offers an opportunity to send a  message to workers and retirees across the country that their  retirement security is a critical priority for every Member of this  House.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. Manning), a distinguished member  of the Committee on Education and Labor.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Indiana (Mr. Mrvan), a distinguished member of the  Committee on Education and Labor.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentleman from Oregon (Mr. Blumenauer), a distinguished member of the  Committee on Ways and Means and chair of its Subcommittee on Trade.    I would be happy to enter into a colloquy with  my colleague.    Will the gentlewoman yield?    Madam Speaker, I thank the ranking member for  yielding to me and for her comments.   It is my understanding that our staffs will continue their efforts,  along with their Senate counterparts, to try to find a path forward on  this issue that balances the interests of plan sponsors and the  retirement plan participants.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. Bonamici), the chair of the Subcommittee  on Civil Rights of the Education and Labor Committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of  the time.   Madam Speaker, as my colleagues have said, the bill makes meaningful  and sensible improvements to America's retirement system. It will help  workers, retirees, and employers.   I again congratulate my Education and Labor Committee colleagues who  have authored provisions in this bill, and I want to recognize and  thank the ranking member of the Committee on Education and Labor, Dr.  Foxx, and her staff for their partnership and work on this important  bill with my staff which includes Kevin McDermott, Richard Miller,  Daniel Foster, and Eli Hovland who have worked hard on this bill from  start to finish.   Madam Speaker, I urge all Members to support the bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   