 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at a time  to be determined by the majority leader, in consultation with the  Republican leader, the Senate proceed to executive session to consider  Calendar No. 1271, Lynne M. Tracy, of Ohio, a Career Member of the  Senior Foreign Service, Class of Career Minister, to be Ambassador  Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to  the Russian Federation; that there be 10 minutes for debate, equally  divided in the usual form, on the nomination; that upon the use or  yielding back of time, the Senate vote on the nomination without  intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the  President be immediately notified of the Senate's action; and that the  Senate resume legislative session.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to executive session to consider the following nominations en  bloc: Calendar Nos. 701, 1253, 1254, 1256, 1265, 1280, 1283, and 1284;  that the Senate vote on the nominations en bloc without intervening  action or debate; that the motions to reconsider be considered made and  laid upon the table; that the President be immediately notified of the  Senate's action; and that the Senate resume legislative session.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of H.R. 7939, which was received  from the House.    I ask unanimous consent that the Moran substitute  amendment at the desk be considered and  [[Page S9610]]  agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time  and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and  laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of  H.R. 3285 and that the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration.    I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered  read a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be discharged and the  Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of S. 1294.    I ask unanimous consent that the Van Hollen substitute  amendment, which is at the desk, be considered and agreed to; and the  bill, as amended, be considered read a third time.    I know of no further debate on the bill, as amended.    I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider  be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of  S. 3946 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration.    I ask unanimous consent that the Cornyn substitute  amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to; the bill, as  amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of  S. 4859 and that the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration.    I ask unanimous consent that the Durbin-Cornyn  amendment at the desk be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be  considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 348, S. 1324.    I ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported  substitute amendment be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be  considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of  H.R. 5961 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration.    I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered  read a third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of S. 5328, introduced earlier  today by Senator Cortez Masto.    I further ask that the bill be considered read a third  time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered made  and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of S. 5329, introduced earlier  today by Senator Blumenthal.    I further ask that the bill be considered read a third  time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and  laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of  S. 3949 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration.    I ask unanimous consent that the Grassley substitute  amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to; that the bill, as  amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be discharged from  further consideration of S. 4120 and the Senate proceed to its  immediate consideration.    I ask unanimous consent that the Reed substitute  amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to; that the bill, as  amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the be table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Energy and Natural Resources be discharged from further  consideration of S. 3519 and that the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration.    I ask unanimous consent that the Boozman substitute  amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to; that the bill, as  amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 499, S. 1942.    I ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported  substitute amendment be withdrawn; that the Manchin substitute  amendment, which is at the desk, be considered and agreed to; that the  bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that  the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   