 Madam Speaker, despite the White House's politically  motivated propaganda that claims our economy is in a transition with  zero percent inflation, the reality is we are facing an economic  recession and continue to battle 40-year high inflation.   As millions of Americans struggle to buy groceries, fill up their gas  tanks, afford rent, and pay utility bills, Democrats are ramming  through their tax-and-spend bill that will only make life worse.   Now, I know the left can't quite grasp the basics of high school  biology, but it appears that they also need a lesson on the  fundamentals of economics and basic math.   But I don't think they are interested in their much-needed schooling  because their actions are intentional. Time and time again, the left  proves their priorities lie with Big Government socialism, not the  American people. Through increased IRS audits, they are willing to  demolish any small business, worker, or family that gets in their way.   Madam Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to reject fueling inflation  and reject tax hikes during a recession by voting ``no'' on Democrats'  build back broke bill.    Madam Speaker, one of the most egregious provisions in  this socialist spending bill includes providing $80 billion to the IRS  for hiring 87,000 new agents to audit hardworking Americans.   After my small business was wrongfully targeted by the IRS back in  2013, I know a thing or two about how burdensome and costly battles  with the IRS can be. I will tell you, it is a grueling fight that most  Americans simply cannot endure.   This is precisely why I introduced an amendment to eliminate the IRS  enforcement provision in this severely misguided legislation. The  Democrats rejected it, confirming their intent to supercharge IRS  audits in order to pay for their Big Government socialist agenda.   This week has also proven just how corrupt our Federal agencies are  and the length they are willing to go to persecute political opponents.   Think about it: If the left will weaponize the FBI to raid President  Trump's personal residence, they will surely weaponize the IRS' new  87,000 agents, many of whom will be trained in the use of deadly force,  to go after any American citizen.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ``no'' on supersizing and  weaponizing the IRS against the American people.   