 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 1377, I call up  the bill (H.R. 6448) to direct the Director of the Office of Community  Oriented Policing Services of the Department of Justice to carry out a  grant program to provide assistance to police departments with fewer  than 200 law enforcement officers, and for other purposes, and ask for  its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may  have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and  insert extraneous material on H.R. 6448.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 6448, the Invest to Protect Act, is bipartisan  legislation to bolster law enforcement agencies' ability to address  staffing shortages and improve community safety through de-escalation  training and mental health resources.   Let me be clear, Democrats have always stood for equitable funding  for law enforcement. Contrary to what some of my colleagues might say,  the issue of violent crime is not a red State or blue State issue. The  rise in violent crime affects every community across the country.   Democrats also know that public safety and respect for civil rights  can coexist. Building healthy and strong communities does not require  us to choose between our rights and our safety.   This legislation would establish a grant program focused on improving  recruitment and retention of officers and providing additional training  and access to mental health resources for small law enforcement  agencies.   When police departments are unable to recruit, retain, and adequately  resource qualified officers, communities suffer a clear threat to  public safety. These officer staffing shortages can cause longer wait  times for emergency calls, fewer crimes cleared, and more overworked  officers, which can threaten both officer health and the quality of  life in our communities.   This bill seeks to address these challenges by providing additional  Federal resources to small agencies to recruit and retain qualified  officers, as well as provide additional training and support for these  agencies.   I thank Representative Josh Gottheimer for his leadership on this  issue and for introducing this important legislation along with his  bipartisan cosponsors.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I reserve  the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Gottheimer), the sponsor of this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentleman.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee), a member of the Judiciary  Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from Texas an  additional 30 seconds.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Virginia (Ms. Spanberger).    Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30  seconds.    Mr. Speaker, I am astonished that Mr. Fitzgerald would  admit that the Republicans want to defund the police by 75 percent.  That is what he just said. After all the Republican rhetoric about the  Democrats wanting to defund the police--which, of course, is not true-- Mr. Fitzgerald just got up and told us the Republicans want to defund  the police by 75 percent.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to  close.   Mr. Speaker, this bill would bolster law enforcement across the  country and improve public safety. I think it is telling that people  like Mr. Rutherford on the Republican side of the aisle helped craft  this bill with people like Mr. Gottheimer on this side of the aisle.   On the other hand, there are, obviously, a lot of Republicans like  Mr. Jordan who want to defund the police or at least defund small town  America police by opposing this bill.   So, Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support small town America and  to support policing in small town America by supporting this bill, and  I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 1377, I call up  the bill (H.R. 4118) to authorize the Secretary of Health and Human  Services to build safer, thriving communities, and save lives, by  investing in effective community-based violence reduction initiatives,  and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and  include extraneous material on H.R. 4118.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, our Nation is experiencing an epidemic of violence,  particularly gun violence, that is ravaging communities large and small  across the United States. Research shows that  [[Page H8094]]  violence begets more violence. It is a vicious cycle.   H.R. 4118, the Break the Cycle of Violence Act, would provide grant  funding for community violence intervention programs and youth  workforce development programs to help prevent gun violence and other  violent crimes, and to provide critical support services to people and  communities who are in dire need of help.   In addition to saving countless lives, it would also save billions of  dollars. It is estimated that gun violence costs this Nation a  staggering $280 billion every single year.   This legislation would help establish evidence-based community  violence intervention, or CVI programs, staffed by specialists with  ties to their communities. These programs connect people at risk of  committing violence, and those at risk of being victimized by violence,  with intensive counseling and support services.   Because we know that access to job training, apprenticeship, and  other workforce development programs are effective tools in reducing  community violence, the bill would also support workforce development  programs for youth in communities that are disproportionately impacted  by violence.   Experience tells us that these programs work, reducing rates of  homicide and other gun violence by as much as 50 percent. We must  invest in these remarkably effective programs so that we can finally  break the cycle of violence, which has shattered so many communities.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative  Steve Horsford for introducing  this important legislation.   I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this bill, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I didn't know that the Federal Government  funding police was against the Republican Party position.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Nevada (Mr.  Horsford), the sponsor of this legislation.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentleman from Nevada.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee), a member of the Judiciary Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentlewoman from Texas.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, Mr. Jordan apparently isn't listening. This  is a package of bills. The last bill, which  [[Page H8096]]  he opposed, appropriated money for police. This bill complements it by  appropriating money for antiviolence intervention.   Mr. Speaker, our communities have seen enough violence and bloodshed.  The Break the Cycle of Violence Act gives us the opportunity to prevent  violence before it starts and to provide critical support to our most  impacted communities.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to join me in support of  this crucial legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 1377, I call up  the bill (H.R. 5768) to direct the Attorney General to establish a  grant program to establish, create, and administer the violent incident  clearance and technology investigative method, and for other purposes,  and ask for its immediate consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may  have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and  insert extraneous material on H.R. 5768.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5768, the VICTIM Act of 2022, is bipartisan  legislation that would help law enforcement improve clearance rates for  homicides, rapes, sexual assaults, kidnappings, and nonfatal shootings.   As communities continue to face increased gun violence and violent  crime, this bill is a vital step toward improving public safety.   Again, let me be clear: Democrats have always stood for equitable  funding for law enforcement. In fact, Democratic-led cities and States  have consistently funded law enforcement at much higher per capita  rates than Republican-led cities, while also recognizing the need for  law enforcement accountability and improving public trust.   To address the challenges our law enforcement agencies are facing,  this bill would provide funding and support for agencies to hire and  train detectives and investigators to improve case clearance rates.   Low clearance rates not only prevent victims from accessing justice,  but they also damage the public's trust in law enforcement. By  investing in the personnel and technology needed to solve cases of  homicide and other serious crimes, agencies can help build public  confidence and improve community safety.   In providing State, local, and Tribal agencies with additional  resources, the VICTIM Act will equip agencies to better respond to and  investigate these serious crimes, bringing justice for victims and  keeping our communities safe.   I thank Representative Val Demings and her bipartisan cosponsors for  their leadership on this issue and for introducing this important  legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Florida (Mrs. Demings), the sponsor of this legislation and a member of  the Judiciary Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentlewoman.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee), a member of the Judiciary Committee.    Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentlewoman.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, the VICTIM Act is bipartisan legislation that would  increase public safety and improve law enforcement practices. The rise  in violent crime affects every community across the country, not just  Democratic communities.   But we also know that public safety and respect for civil rights can  coexist. Building healthy and strong communities does not require us to  choose between our rights and our safety.   I thank the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. Demings) for introducing  this important legislation, which is supported by a wide range of law  enforcement associations.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support it, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   