 Mr. President, in a moment, I intend to put forward a  unanimous consent request to pass my bipartisan bill with our colleague  from Utah, Senator Lee, entitled the Protect Reporters from Excessive  State Suppression Act, also known as the PRESS Act.   Before I make the unanimous consent request, I want to take just a  few minutes to talk about why our colleague from Utah Senator Lee and I  feel this legislation is so important, and I will start with the basic  proposition behind the legislation.   If you don't have a free press, you don't have a democracy. My dad  was a journalist. After fleeing the Nazis, he came to this country,  taught himself English, worked in our Army developing propaganda that  we dropped on the Nazis. He believed deeply in individual freedom and  in press freedom and would always tell me: Ron, they go hand in hand.   If you want to see what happens when governments undermine and  eliminate the free press, look at Russia, look at Saudi Arabia, look at  Iran. Information became a tool of power, abuse, and manipulation. That  is what governments do when they want to keep freedom from breaking out  in their countries. And so they abuse power rather than promote  education, expression, and enlightenment among the countryside and the  people.   So--let's be clear--the threat of government overreach interfering  with the free press in the United States is not some distant, far-off,  hypothetical idea. It happened very recently. The Trump administration  spied on several journalists at outlets the disgraced ex-President  personally disliked and attacked, grabbing phone and email records. The  extent of this abuse of power has come out in shocking revelations over  the last few years.   And let me emphasize, the Trump administration was not the first to  do this sort of thing. Both the Trump administration and the Obama  administration went too far in prosecuting journalists just for doing  their jobs.    Now, Members of the Senate talk pretty frequently about their  interest in protecting journalism in America. My view is the bipartisan  PRESS Act is the best opportunity we have to make progress on that goal  before the Congress ends--and we all hope that that is fairly shortly.   The PRESS Act would protect the free flow of information by shielding  journalists from being ordered by the courts to give up their sources.  The bill includes key exceptions, such as when that information is  necessary to prevent an act of terrorism against the United States or  necessary to prevent the threat of imminent violence. Those exceptions  were very important to Senator Lee and me.   I see our colleague here from Arkansas. He and I serve on the Select  Committee on Intelligence, so we know about the importance of  protecting our country against terrorism.   This legislation is very similar to legislation already on the books  in several States, including my home State of Oregon and Senator Lee's  home State of Utah. It is our view, though, that these protections  should extend from sea to shining sea in our great country.   Now, I will close by saying this is a proposal that brings both sides  together. The House passed the PRESS Act a few months ago unanimously.  And I think our colleagues would agree that sometimes these days it  seems you can't get every Member of the House to even agree that there  are 24 hours in a day and 7 days in a week, yet they passed our bill  unanimously.   This is a can't-miss opportunity to protect the free press in  America. It is good for the free flow of information. It is good for  holding government accountable, and it is good for the democratic  ideals on which this country was founded.   And I will just close by saying that if you read the writings of the  Founding Fathers, it was almost as if they thought a free press was as  important, if not more so, than government. That is how strongly they  felt.   Let's pass this unanimous consent request when we make it, and let's  send the PRESS Act to the President's desk today.   And I will now ask unanimous consent that the Committee on the  Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 4330 and  that the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration; further, that  the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I think the fact that there has been an  objection here is very unfortunate. I am just going to briefly respond.   Our colleague from Arkansas has talked about the exceptions that are  made in this bipartisan bill. And I would only say that the exceptions  to make sure we can protect our country to deal with national security  in this bill were strong enough to get the support of 435 Members of  the House of Representatives.   I look at the President of the Senate, and he and I were in the other  body. And sometimes, you would think you couldn't order a 7UP over  there. But the fact is, it got the support of every Member of the House  of Representatives--all 435--because they thought the exceptions made  sense here.   Second, my colleague from Arkansas said that this was somehow giving  special status--special protection--to the press in America. That is  not accurate. This gives the press the kind of protection I believe the  Founding Fathers would have supported because I have read their  writings and saw what they had to say about the press and have already  noted it.   And then our colleague seemed to make the case that this was somehow  for liberal journalists--not for journalists for moderates and  conservatives--for liberal journalists. The legislation extends to  people in the press across the political spectrum. There are no special  fast-track arrangements for people of one philosophy or another. And  that was something that was especially important to me.   I mentioned in my remarks my dad, who fled the Nazis, taught himself  English, and served in our Army. And he worked--particularly, after his  service--writing historical nonfiction. He wrote a very important book  about the Bay of Pigs where he highlighted what really happened. And  what I enjoyed so much about my dad's book and what happened  afterwards, the first person to call my dad, because, he said, Peter-- my dad was Peter Wyden--you are writing the truth about what happened,  was the late Congressman Henry Hyde of Illinois, one of the most  conservative Members of the other body. And he and my dad struck up a  fast friendship over the phone because they were interested in the  facts. And that is what journalists do: They get the facts out.   So I think it is unfortunate there has been an objection here on all  of these points. These issues were considered by the other body. And  435 Members of the other body said: This is important for our country.  This is important for getting the facts out to the American people-- unvarnished information, not information from the left, center, or  right--unvarnished information.   I just want to close by saying we are going to be back on this floor.  We are going to push this again and again and again because at a  crucial time in America, where--and I mentioned this has not been  relegated to one administration or another. This has been happening too  often. It happens in any kind of administration, any philosophy. It is  time to end it, and it is time to make sure that our free press is in a  position to get the facts to the American people. We need this  particular bipartisan effort, Senator Lee and I. And we will be back on  this floor until we get it passed.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   