 Mr. President, all the Republican members of the Senate  Judiciary Committee sent Attorney General Garland two letters about the  Justice Department's involvement in local school board matters.   The first one was in October. Then in December, we asked why the  FBI's counterterrorism division was getting involved in parents'  expressing their concerns at school board meetings.   Now, just to be crystal clear, there is no excuse for real threats or  acts of violence at school board meetings, but if there is such  threats, these should be handled at the local level, and the Attorney  General should withdraw his memo that started this whole thing off.   Well, a couple days before Christmas, the Justice Department  responded to us Republican members of the Judiciary Committee with a  single-page letter. In that letter, the Department of Justice had  nothing to say about why the FBI's counterterrorism division was  involved in local school board matters. The Department of Justice just  simply said ``We're not going to withdraw the memo.''   So the Feds may be keeping track of school board meetings, even if it  creates a horrible chilling effect at those meetings and maybe even  discourages people from coming to those meetings. And, of course, the  FBI looking over your shoulder would then have a chilling effect.   Now, next week, the Senate Judiciary Committee will hold a hearing on  domestic terrorism, and I hope the committee will be focusing on the  serious threats facing our country, and I hope no one thinks the focus  is going to be on our Nation's parents.   School boards have to be accountable to the parents and the taxpayers  that they serve. Some school boards across the country are still  shutting down classes, even though vaccines have been available for a  long time and dramatically reduce the chances of major illness to  teachers.   Meanwhile, millions of kids across the country are struggling to  catch up. They are under enormous stress from being separated, one kid  from their friends in the classroom or in the school building. Schools  are seeing far more behavioral problems than they ever have before.   Parents, then, are right to be concerned about these situations in  their local schools, and it is their right to ask questions. They  should be telling their school board districts that they want to see  changes. But will they see changes or will they be afraid to speak up  at school board meetings? Will the FBI's counterterrorism division be  keeping track of them as parents ask for changes from their school  boards?   The Department of Justice owes the American people a better answer  than just a single-page letter that says nothing about why the FBI's  counterterrorism division is involved in local school board matters.   Now, more than ever, parents should be their kids' strongest and  their kids' best advocates. They have a God-given right to do so. And,  of course, the Justice Department ought to be doing everything it can  to protect that constitutional right, not scare these parents out of  exercising their constitutional right.   Attorney General Garland should withdraw his memo, and he should take  Congress' oversight and concerns for parental rights more seriously.   