 Madam Speaker, I thank the future  chairman of the Judiciary Committee, the gentleman from Ohio. I think  whatever else voters said a week ago, they said, don't go too far. That  is the reason the gentleman to my right will be the Judiciary Committee  chairman and the gentleman far to my left will no longer be.   This goes too far. In the chairman's comments in support of the bill,  he gave the pieces of information that help us to detect why that is.  One, he made reference to a bill, H.R. 4445, Ending Forced Arbitration  of Sexual Assault and Sexual Harassment Act of 2021, and he said,  appropriately so, that that bill had bipartisan support, including  mine. It made it so that women who suffer sexual harassment, anyone who  suffers sexual harassment is no longer limited if they have entered  into a contract forcing arbitration; for mandatory arbitration of a  dispute of that nature, they can bring it to court. Court is public in  the United States.   That bill was supported on a bipartisan basis because it is fair and  equitable. The other thing the chairman said is that this bill, the one  we are talking about now, will empower survivors of sexual harassment  and sexual assault, but it also will empower nonsurvivors. That is to  say, anyone who wishes to bring a nonmeritorious claim of sexual  harassment forward in order to destroy someone's life also will be  empowered by this to ignore any contract to do otherwise.   ``A Rape on Campus'' is a retracted defamatory Rolling Stone magazine  article written by Sabrina Erdely and originally published on November  19, 2014, that describes a purported group sexual assault at the  University of Virginia in Charlottesville. Rolling Stone retracted the  story in its entirety on April 5, 2015.   The article claimed that a UVA student, Jackie, had been taken to a  party hosted by UVA's Phi Kappa Psi fraternity by a fellow student. At  the party, Jackie alleged in the article, her date led her to a bedroom  where she was gang-raped by several fraternity members as part of a  fraternity initiation ritual.   Jackie's account generated much media attention, and UVA President  Teresa Sullivan suspended all fraternities. After other journalists  investigated the article's claims and found significant discrepancies,  Rolling Stone issued multiple apologies for the story.   It has since been reported that Jackie may have invented portions of  the story in an unsuccessful attempt to win the affections of a fellow  student in whom she had a romantic interest. In a deposition given in  2016, Jackie stated that she believed her story at the time.   On January 12, 2015, Charlottesville police officials told UVA that  an investigation had failed to find any evidence confirming the events  in the Rolling Stone article. UVA President Teresa Sullivan  acknowledged that the story was discredited.   Charlottesville police officially suspended their 4-month  investigation on March 23, 2015, based on lack of credible evidence.   The Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism audited the  editorial processes that culminated in the article being published. On  April 5, 2015, Rolling Stone retracted the article and published the  independent report on the publication's history, and so forth.   Everyone remembers the Duke lacrosse incident in Durham, North  Carolina. Everyone remembers the lives destroyed by these and other  false allegations. They do happen.   The balance that we brought to the law by ensuring that every victim  of sexual assault or harassment could come forward and sue, and if it  is a suit against a public figure or against someone notorious or  against someone rich or powerful, I have got to tell you, that will get  publicity.   But it also is a system that has balance. People are subjected to  discovery as to their motives. You have tools to find out and test the  veracity of each side's views, each side's story.   This bill gives the green light to the false accuser. This bill says  resume speed. It is a resume speed sign to those who would make false  accusations. We brought balance to the law with the participation of  Republicans and Democrats.   I grant you that that was a great bill. I congratulate you on  bringing forward that bill, which I joined and voted for. This one is  unfair and unbalanced. It goes too far.   