 Madam Speaker, the Supreme Court seems poised  to finally, mercifully, reverse the only decision in the history of the  Court that has cost more than 60 million precious innocent lives which,  by the way, beyond the moral travesty, has contributed massively to our  labor shortages and Social Security and Medicare being on the verge of  bankruptcy.   In typical fashion, Democrats are revealing who they are with their  response, and their unlawful protests and intimidation tactics at the  homes of the Justices, while the administration and their allies in  this body cheer them on.   Democrats can't win at the ballot box or through the legislative  process, so they try to eliminate the electoral college, rig election  laws, eliminate the filibuster, pack the Supreme Court, pack the  Senate, give statehood to D.C. and Puerto Rico, and now threaten  Justices at their homes.   This is because Democrats are the radical extremists on abortion.  They have become the party of death. Their position is abortion at any  time, for any reason, up to and beyond the moment of birth, with  taxpayers being forced to fund it.   I didn't hear any Democrats criticize the former Governor of Virginia  when he said a couple of years ago that a mother and her doctor can  have a conversation after a baby is born and decide whether or not to  kill it.   I say, let's have this fight in this Congress.   We had an election 6 months ago in purple Virginia when everyone knew  that the Supreme Court would be reviewing Roe v. Wade, and the party of  death got trounced in that election.   Republicans must embrace this moment and stand for life, expose  Democrats for the radical extremists they are, and work to end the  brutal, horrific practice of abortion. To Democrats, I say bring it on.  Let Democrats defend piercing a baby's skull and sucking out its  brains, tearing an infant limb from limb, or burning it alive with a  saline injection. Call it what it is and call them out for supporting  abortion with no restrictions whatsoever.   Just this week, Democrats pushed another failed abortion-on-demand  vote in the Senate, a bill that passed this House with no Republican  votes but, sadly, all but one Democrat supporting it, as they try to  ensure that America remains among the most extreme nations in the world  with the most radical laws on abortion.   Now, this current piece of legislation will permit Federal dollars to  be used to harm the unborn, as it includes a provision that allows  taxpayer dollars to be used to ``address health needs and improve  health and well-being'' and ``to identify and respond to physical and  behavioral health challenges.''   However, a recent Marist poll found that 54 percent of Americans  oppose using taxpayer dollars to fund abortions.   My amendment would protect taxpayers from being forced to pay for  abortions, even if Hyde were repealed. If this bill is not intended to  fund abortion, then accept and pass my amendment.   