 Mr. President, I have lent my voice with my colleagues  here in the U.S. Senate many times, here on the Senate floor, and  elsewhere back home in Kansas in condemnation of Vladimir Putin's  attack, invasion, the death and destruction that his actions--his sole  actions--have taken on the people of Ukraine. But those actions have  consequences broader than just within the borders of the independent  country of Ukraine. I want today to bring awareness to a pressing  consequence coming out of this invasion, and that is hunger.   A month ago, Russia, the world's largest supplier of wheat, invaded  Ukraine. Ukraine is the fifth largest  [[Page S1761]]  supplier of wheat. Together, they account for about 30 percent of  global exports. This has exacerbated--tremendously exacerbated--the  already existing global food crisis, and it will only get worse.   Coming from a State like Kansas, coming from Kansas, America's  largest supplier of wheat, I can tell you the effects this invasion  will have on the stability of our ag markets here in the United States,  and it should be alarming and could prove to be a catastrophic outcome  for our global food supply.   When there is a shortage of food, one of the things we can do is  produce more. I would tell you that while the prices of agricultural  commodities we grow in Kansas and across the United States have  increased, I also would tell you that the input cost--the things that a  farmer or a rancher has to purchase in order to produce that crop, to  produce that outcome--has increased even more dramatically.   I would encourage the administration and this Congress to do more in  regard to the cost of everything. The increasing cost of food for the  American consumer and the absence of food for many around the world can  be alleviated by increasing the supply--can be addressed at least in  part by increasing the supply.   To help do that, we need to make certain that we increase our own  production of oil and natural gas and of fertilizer. The cost of  fertilizer is a huge input cost for the Kansas farmer, and we still  have tariffs on phosphates coming from Morocco. The Department of  Commerce is contemplating tariffs on nutrients for fertilizer coming  from Trinidad and Tobago.   Increasing the cost of the inputs of producing food is a very  damaging thing to occur and should stop. We need to reduce the price-- slow the increase in the price of diesel fuel and fertilizer. Natural  gas is a major component of producing fertilizer, and diesel fuel is  hugely important.   Again, we need to increase the supplies of our fossil fuels to help  the farmers survive during these times.   Today, I wear on behalf of Kansans the sunflower pin. It is the State  flower of our State, but it also is an important symbol in Ukraine. It  is a symbol of the resistance to Putin's invasion.   Just as Kansas is the breadbasket of America, Ukraine is the  breadbasket of Europe. Ukraine, as I said earlier, is a large grain- producing country, not just in wheat but a top 10 global exporter of  corn, sunflower oil, and other commodities. It provides produce to  markets not just in Europe but to some of the most vulnerable countries  throughout the Middle East.   According to the magazine The Economist, ``The last time Egypt raised  bread prices, the Soviet Union was still intact.''   Food stability is essential to political stability. We may recall  that it was an increase in food prices that sparked mass protests  throughout the Arab world a decade ago.   As we have seen in the humanitarian disaster unfolding in Afghanistan  and the developing crisis caused by the invasion of Ukraine, it is  critical to utilize every tool at our disposal to meet these  challenges. And it extends much further than the countries we see in  the news each day. Currently, 45 million people across 43 countries are  on the brink of famine. Hunger isn't an isolated issue; it affects each  and every one of us.   Prior to this assault, Afghanistan was facing a dire food shortage,  with 23 million people going hungry. This will worsen as Putin's  assault continues.   In Sudan, 87 percent of the country's wheat comes from Russia and  Ukraine. By the end of this year, an expected 20 million people will be  food insecure, one in two Sudanese.   In Bangladesh, despite progress in recent years, 11 million people  are still suffering from acute hunger.   In Ethiopia, 20 million people currently require food support, and  this will worsen as Putin's assault continues.   According to the U.N. agency chiefs, Yemen is teetering on the edge  of an outright catastrophe.   The No. 1 driver of hunger on the planet is manmade conflict,  according to the World Food Programme. As Russia's tyranny continues-- this Putin-made war--countries around the globe will teeter on the  edge, falling further into widespread hunger.   As the cochair of the Senate Hunger Caucus and a member of the  Agriculture Appropriations Subcommittee, which funds Food for Peace and  the McGovern-Dole Program--what I like to call Food for Peace and the  Dole-McGovern Program--combatting any threat of hunger is not only the  smart thing to do, it is the morally right thing to do to save the  lives of not only those living in Ukraine but around the world.   In January and, again, earlier this month, I called on USDA Secretary  Vilsack and USAID Administrator Power to release the resources within  the Bill Emerson Humanitarian Trust, an emergency international food  assistance program to combat global hunger in times of ``exceptional  need.'' The Emerson Trust was created in 1980 for a moment just like  this: when existing global hunger programs cannot--cannot--adequately  address the prospects of multiple looming famines.   As both the immediate and long-term effects on Ukraine's agriculture  sector become clearer, the United States should work--the United  States, with the rest of the world, should work to quickly provide the  necessary commodities through sale or donation to meet countries'  unsatisfied food and commodity needs. Doing so will help alleviate a  greater humanitarian crisis than has already been caused by the  unprovoked invasion and will help foster political stability in food- insecure countries.   We are seeing the worst of evil--Putin's invasion of Ukraine--and the  tremendous cost--humanitarian cost, loss-of-freedom cost--by that  invasion. We can also see the best in humanity: helping a starving  world to be fed.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   