 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to recognize a really close friend of  mine and a strong leader for Bartlett, Tennessee, A. Keith McDonald.   After serving as the mayor of Bartlett for 20 years, Keith McDonald  has decided it is time for a well-earned retirement.   Keith has dedicated his entire life to the betterment of our  community in west Tennessee.   He is a graduate of Clarksville High School, Freed-Hardeman  University, and the University of Memphis.   As a young insurance agent, Keith played an instrumental role in  forming today's Bartlett Chamber of Commerce and also developing its  industrial park.   Now, prior to his government service, Keith traveled to Japan to help  recruit brother industries to invest in Bartlett as the anchor tenant  of that park.   Keith decided to further give to his community when he joined local  government. So, in October of 2017, Keith became an alderman for the  city of Bartlett and was elected its mayor in 2002.   There have been so many accomplishments during Keith's tenure as  mayor during the past 20 years. Perhaps the most significant is Keith's  leadership in creating and establishing the Bartlett City School  System.   Now in its ninth year, the school system has further demonstrated  that Bartlett is a great place to not only operate a business, but also  educate children and raise families. None of it would have happened  without Keith McDonald's drive and determination.   I talked with Keith's son, Brooks, about his father's life and  career. Brooks told me that at home Keith taught his children about  what Keith called the 80/20 rule, and that is that 20 percent of the  people do 80 percent of the work. It is a lesson that Brooks has never  forgotten and that Keith has continuously demonstrated both in his  faith and in his community and in his family.  [[Page H8818]]    Now, speaking of his family, that is what is most important to Keith.  Whether it was leading his son's PTA groups or serving as their Scout  leader, Keith has always been that strong and loving father for Brooks  and for Ryan.   Without a doubt, the city of Bartlett will certainly miss Keith  McDonald's vision and leadership.   To Brooks and Ryan, I know that you are proud of your father's public  service. To Keith's wife and his partner, Patty, we thank you for the  years that you have given and all that you have given over these last  20 years.   Roberta and I wish Keith and his family the best as his public  service concludes over the next few days. To Keith, job well done.   I thank the gentleman for yielding his time and for leading this  Special Order hour tonight.   