 Madam President, before the Thanksgiving break, I planned  to use my time today to talk about the Respect for Marriage Act, with  which the Presiding Officer has had such an important role playing, and  I want to congratulate her on the incredible work that she has done to  get this over the finish line, because we are on the verge of passing  the Respect for Marriage Act in the U.S. Senate. It is a historic piece  of legislation to ensure that if a same-sex or interracial couple  marries in one State, that every State has to honor that marriage. The  Federal Government has to honor that marriage as well.   There may be no right closer to the heart than marrying the one that  you love, and Colorado understands that. And I was going to come down  here to talk about how, over decades, my State has led the way on  equality. We recognized civil unions in 2013. We banned conversion  therapy in my State. We passed our own version of the Equality Act in  Colorado.   I was going to come down here and tell you about how Colorado  understands what equality has come to mean in America in 2022, but in  the last week, I have been reminded again just how far we have to go.   Last Sunday, Coloradans woke up to the news that Club Q--a loving,  accepting, 20-year old LGBTQ club in Colorado Springs--had been the  target of a mass shooting. Five Coloradans were killed, and at least 22  were injured.   In the days since, Coloradans have described Club Q as a center of  community building, a place where everyone could be their true selves  and live without fear.   Club Q's owner, Nic Grzecka, said he founded the club to ``be that  safe place for people to come and feel and understand that they are  normal--that the way they feel is normal and there are people just like  them.''   As a father, that is what I hope for my three daughters, and, as a  former school superintendent, that is what I wish for the children that  I worked for. We want our kids to feel normal and loved and like they  belong.   But on November 19, these feelings of safety and acceptance that Club  Q had built over two decades were shattered. On the same day that we  recognized Trans Day of Remembrance, we added more names to the solemn  toll in this country, when a violent young man, radicalized by hateful  and divisive rhetoric, killed five people and forever changed a  community, forever changed my State.   In minutes, he robbed from us brothers and sisters and daughters and  sons, friends, and loved ones, who were there just being themselves,  not bothering anybody.   He took from us Derrick Rump, a 38-year-old bartender and co-owner of  Club Q, who bought groceries for others during the hardest 2 months of  the pandemic; Daniel David Aston, 28 years old, a bar supervisor known  as the ``master of silliness'' because of his contagious happiness and  joy; Kelly Loving, 40 years old, who had just moved to Colorado and was  trying to enjoy a weekend trip to Colorado Springs; Ashley Paugh, 35  years old, a devoted mother and nonprofit worker, who loved hunting and  fishing, like so many other Coloradans, and was there to support the  community; and Raymond Green Vance, 22 years old--22 years old--who  grew up in Colorado Springs and had just started a new job and was  saving up for his own apartment.   I am thinking of them and their families and all of those who  survived this terrible tragedy in Colorado--people who imagined that  there was one space that you could go to feel safe, and then this  happens.   It fills me with rage that it happened. It fills me with sadness. It  should fill the entire Senate with rage and sadness.   And if it weren't for the courage of people like Richard Fierro and  Thomas James, the list of names I read, already too long, would have  been longer.   Thomas James, a petty officer second class in the Navy, used his  military crisis training to help subdue the  [[Page S6834]]  attacker. He said he jumped into action because he ``simply wanted to  save the family [he] found'' at Club Q.   And Richard Fierro. Richard Fierro, an Iraq and Afghanistan combat  veteran, was watching a friend's performance with his wife, daughter,  and friends inside the club when the gunfire started, and his  protective instincts--Richard's protective instincts from four combat  deployments--kicked in. He said he went ``into combat mode.''   No one enjoying a night with their friends and their family should  have to go ``into combat mode'' in the United States of America. That  is not the country that I grew up in.   It is our country today. It is the country that the pages in this  institution are inheriting from us. My daughter's generation and the  children I used to work for in the Denver Public Schools, they bear a  burden that I never bore growing up in the United States. They have  grown up living with a reasonable fear that they could be shot in their  classrooms or in their churches or in a grocery store or in a bar that  is the one safe place in their community that they could go to.   In 2020--the pages that are here may not know this. In 2020, the  leading cause of death for kids in America was guns--guns--not car  accidents, not drugs, but guns.   In one study of 29 industrialized countries, the United States  accounted for 97 percent of firearm deaths among children 4 years old  and younger. That is almost 100 percent of the kids who are dying on  planet Earth from gunfire who are 4 years old and younger. What a  disgrace. What a disgrace.   We shouldn't need to count on a stranger's bravery when we go to a  birthday party. We shouldn't need to count on a stranger's bravery when  we go to the grocery store.   It was just last year when I spoke on this floor to remember the  lives we lost in Colorado at a King Soopers in Boulder, and it is with  unimaginable pain that I am here once again on this floor with a list  of names of people who have lost their lives senselessly.   Colorado is hurting. We are tired of this. For more than two decades,  we have had to grieve over one incident after another.   So while we stand here on the verge of taking a historic step toward  equality--a vitally important step toward equality--we are reminded  once again of just how much work is left to do to give our children the  safe and accepting future that they deserve, that they want to have,  that we are obligated to give them. We haven't finished that work in  the U.S. Senate.   Earlier this year, the Supreme Court stripped away the first  fundamental right since Reconstruction by overturning a 50-year  precedent in Roe v. Wade, and in that decision, the majority took aim  at the fundamental right of privacy and, with it, the right of every  single American to marry whom they love.   It is a profound reminder--once again, a reminder--to everybody in  this body and to the country, that our history has been from the very  beginning a battle between the highest ideals that humans have ever  written down on the page--the words in the Constitution of the United  States--and the worst impulses in human history.   And when a Justice of the Supreme Court writes that if it wasn't a  freedom in 1868, it is not a freedom today, we are in that struggle  today.   When a 22-year-old can walk into a club and kill 5 people and wound  more than 20 people, we are in that struggle today.   The reason we are here today doing the important work that we are  doing in the marriage act that we are passing today is that Americans  understand that no good comes from hoarding freedoms and equality. They  know that when we take the opposite view, we act against our best  traditions, against our highest ideals. As a nation, we will never  flourish if we choose to depend on a permanent underclass, deprived of  some or all of the rights and freedoms others enjoy.   Free people do not remain free by denying freedom to others. Today,  the Senate of the United States stands on the precipice of advancing  freedom, of advancing equality, of moving us closer to our highest  ideals.   But, tomorrow, we have more work to do to live up to the words of our  Constitution and to realize the promise of equality for all of our  citizens.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   