 Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   With all due respect, this bill will do anything but ensure a fair  and accurate Census. Instead, it threatens to produce an unfair and  inaccurate Census.   As ranking member of the Government Operations Subcommittee, I have  stressed time and time again that we need reforms that will ensure a  more accountable Federal workforce. But time and time again, Democrats  show that they want anything but accountability for civil servants.   In fact, it is as though they view Federal employees as a protected  and privileged class, and when a Federal bureaucracy is unaccountable,  well, that is when it is most likely to threaten the American people  with rogue activity like, in this case, providing an unfair and  inaccurate Census.   First, it makes the Director of the Census unremovable except for  ``inefficiency, neglect of duty, or malfeasance in office.'' Then, it  commands that only the Director can make operational, statistical, and  technical decisions about the Census.   Mr. Chairman, what is the Secretary of Commerce supposed to do if he  or she believes that the Census Director is making decisions that will  lead to an unfair or inaccurate Census? Further, what is going to  happen if there is no Director in place? Under the terms of the bill,  only a career Census Bureau official can serve as the Acting Director.   This bill is a perfect example of how Democrats think unelected civil  servants should be running our government and, in essence, that civil  servants should be the ones who are governing the American people. This  bill literally is having them attempt to influence who represents them.  That is not the way our system is supposed to work.   My amendment would strip those provisions out of the legislation. If  we are to ensure a fair and accurate Census, then we must ensure an  accountable Census Bureau.    Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from  Kentucky (Mr. Comer), who is the ranking member of the House Oversight  and Reform Committee.    Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote.   