 Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman Perry for getting this  colloquy together.    Dan Bishop put it well. America is getting a front-row seat to a  left, unhinged group that, on an opinion that was leaked--that is  illegal on its face--can inspire people, before the decision is even  rendered, to go to the homes of the Supreme Court Justices and attempt  to change their minds. It is illegal.   It is in Federal statute. It is punishable by a year in prison.  Merrick Garland, we call on him to enforce the law, to start arresting  people.   When is it going to end, folks? When is it going to end when a  decision that the left doesn't like, in anticipation, is going to the  houses of the Supreme Court Justices and all the neighbors, disrupting  a complete neighborhood and disrupting the lives of Justices who are  not political figures? They are elected for life.   When will we see fences stop being put up around the Supreme Court?  Who would imagine? The Founders would have never guessed that this  would have been coming to effect.   Do you know what is so appalling? The comments from this  administration and from its supporters. A quote by one person who is on  the abortionist side: ``If abortions aren't safe, then you aren't  either.''   Another quote: ``The time for civility is over, man. Being polite  doesn't get you anywhere.''   This is just a replay of the vandalism that took place all across  this country--over 537 cities torn up--and a decision has not even been  rendered.   Folks, it is time for a change. It is time for this to stop. It is  time for all Americans to voice their opinion and displeasure over  this, the killing of a child.   When you follow the money, that is where you know where the  priorities are. For Title X funding, in the `23 budget, this  administration is putting  [[Page H4916]]  forth $400 million, a $113 million increase to fund abortions that goes  to Planned Parenthood.   In the United Nations Population Fund going to countries overseas,  over $56 million of the taxpayers' dollars are going overseas when we  can't get baby formula. We can't get supplies that Americans need. The  inability of a parent to tell a child that is crying into the middle of  the night ``I can't get you formula'' falls directly on this  administration.   I commend the gentleman for doing this. This voice has to get louder.  Americans are simply tired of it. To do this at this time in history  has to be stopped. I think it is.   