 Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague from Louisiana (Mr.  Johnson) for faithfully helping us get the message out, facilitating  that because what is really important is that we are talking to the  American public about this situation that we don't have to be in.   Indeed, we have seen with the fairly new Biden administration that  inflation has risen tremendously. Now, I don't get pleasure out of  bagging on the President or anybody else in this, but we just have to  go to the core of the issue. The policies that have been put into place  have harmed the U.S. economy, harmed regular families.   The cost of fuel has been an especially noticeable part of this. In  my home State of California, we always enjoy--enjoy--extra costs  because of the way things are done there. If it is $4 for a gallon of  gas in the rest of the country, it is $5.50 in my home State because of  the dumb things we do out there.   So this recent surge, indeed, is affecting everybody, but it is an  even greater burden on rural residents that have to drive longer  distances. Maybe their jobs in agriculture or timber or mining are more  based on the usage of fuel and other inputs that are fuel related. So  that means that there are fewer exports of things that are produced in  rural America, fewer services, there is going to be less employment as  a result of this, too, because of the high cost of everything.   We are talking to some truckers. We are seeing there is a point where  they can't deliver anymore because they can't afford the fuel and that  will be soon. Imagine that, when you go to the retail level, and you  can't get the normal things off the shelf you are used to. We are  already seeing that. There are fewer food choices, fewer choices. You  are waiting longer for parts to come to repair vehicles or do anything  else.   When rural residents, especially, have to drive longer to do  anything, whether it is to take kids to school, get to health services,  pick up goods they need to do their job, it is just that much greater  of a burden at these prices.   Take law enforcement, for example. Now, cops, especially rural ones,  they have got a lot of driving to do to cover those rural areas, and  their costs are going through the roof. That means counties, small  cities are bearing a greater burden just to try and keep patrols out  there. So that is indeed a detrimental effect on basic public safety.   Farmers, too. We are getting ready to plant our crop on our farm  here. I don't even want to know what the fuel price is to top off my  tanks, but I have to because it is so high. That is going to be passed  on to the shelves for people to buy food all across the country or the  farmer is going to go out of business if he can't get the price he  needs to at the store.   Rural jobs are extremely important for our economy. They are  producing things that people eat, the fiber they use to make clothes  that people wear, the wood and paper products we use for our homes and  our business.   It is really, really high time we take action and produce energy in  this country because we can, we should, and we can affect the world  market and make it where Russia is not making a killing off their  energy because it is a supply-and-demand issue. If we fill the  marketplace with low-cost energy, it will bring all this back in line.  We will be in a better position as a Nation to help our colleagues, our  neighbors in the western part of Europe, and cripple Putin's ability to  make a killing off what he is doing.   