 Mr. Speaker, I thank my distinguished colleague for  yielding.   The schedule next week: On Wednesday, the House will meet at 12 p.m.  for morning hour; 2 p.m. for legislative business, with votes postponed  until 6:30 p.m.   On Thursday, we will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and 12 p.m. for  legislative business.   On Friday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business.   Next week, we will be considering a continuing resolution, very  important, to fund the government. We know the fiscal year concludes on  September 30. It is something that we have to get done.   It is also our expectation that we may consider legislation to reform  the STOCK Act. And then we will also consider bills under suspension of  the rules. A complete list of suspension bills will be announced by the  close of business tomorrow.   Of course, additional legislative items are possible.    The Senate has apparently moved for cloture on Tuesday.  So, one, it is our expectation that we are going to have an opportunity  to vote to make sure that we fund the government beyond September 30.   In terms of legislative text, the negotiations are ongoing. I think  everyone is working in good faith. I am thankful for the leadership on  our side of Chairwoman Rosa DeLauro.   We have a responsibility to make sure that we keep the government  open, and we intend to keep that responsibility.    Well, there are ongoing negotiations in good faith.  There have been several exigencies that have arisen; but I don't have  visibility into the actual, precise nature of the negotiations right  now.   As I mentioned, on our end, certainly they are being handled by  Chairwoman Rosa DeLauro; but I know those negotiations are progressing.  We expect that an agreement is going to be reached, hopefully, in the  next few days. Then, of course, the gentleman will have an opportunity,  as will all Members, to review the legislative text.    Well, that is a decision that ultimately will be made  by the Speaker, in consultation with other members of leadership, but  being guided by the public health professionals. The Capitol Physician  has guided the decision up until this point in terms of the public  health emergency that we have been under and what the appropriate  protocols are to make sure that we are being responsible.    Well, I think the gentleman raises a very important  observation that the American people expect us to lead. I think during  the 117th Congress, that is absolutely what has been done.   We have led by passing the American Rescue Plan; saved the economy  from perhaps collapsing into a recession, if not worse; put shots in  arms, money in pockets, kids back in school. We have led by passing the  Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, creating millions of good- paying jobs, fixing our crumbling bridges, roads, and tunnels.   Mr. Speaker, the gentleman asked the question. I am just responding.    Mr. Speaker, I think, one, we have been operating under  a public health emergency. But in the constraints of that, again,  following  [[Page H8105]]  the guidance of the public health professionals, that is how we have  been operating.    Mr. Speaker, I think he has yielded the time to me, so  I can yield it back to him at the appropriate time.    Mr. Speaker, again, we are going to follow the public  health guidance.   Out of courtesy, we are having this colloquy, but we can't have a  colloquy if the gentleman is dissatisfied with my answers and such that  he is consistently not permitting me to respond. I will be happy to  respond to any questions if we are going to have a colloquy.   I think what is clear, if the point is, are we leading, correct, we  are leading. As I mentioned, we are leading on the American Rescue  Plan. We are leading on infrastructure investment. We are leading on  standing up for our veterans, leading on public safety, leading on  passing gun safety legislation, leading on----   