 Mr. Speaker, I proudly represent what is known  as ``Military City U.S.A.,'' San Antonio, Texas, the home to hundreds,  if not thousands, of veterans who, like others across the country, were  exposed to open-air burn pits whose lives have been ruined, and for  some, it has cost them their life.   We have to stand up for our veterans the way they stood up for our  country when they were on Active Duty. Yet, what I keep hearing from  Republicans is that there is not enough information. There is not  enough money.   Mr. Speaker, how often do you hear people around here ask whether it  is too expensive to buy a tank, whether it is too expensive to buy a  jet or an aircraft carrier. Yet, when it comes to our men and women in  uniform, who go risk their lives on behalf of our country and our  allies, the question coming from Republicans is whether it is too  expensive.   Why don't you just tell them that it is too goddamned expensive to  save their lives? Why don't you tell them that they are not worth the  money? Because what you are saying is that you want tax cuts for  billionaires and cancer for veterans.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of House  Resolution 956 to condemn Russia's invasion of Ukraine.   Earlier today, the United Nations General Assembly voted  overwhelmingly to condemn Russia's invasion of Ukraine and demand an  immediate withdrawal of their forces from Ukraine.   Only four nations out of 193 stood with Russia. 140 stood with  Ukraine. The world is united in condemning this invasion, and the House  of Representatives must speak as one and lead the way.   As we debate, Russian attacks on Ukrainian civilians continue.  Hundreds of thousands huddle in bomb shelters. Over 600,000 Ukrainians  have already fled the country. Vladimir Putin is on a disastrous quest  to rebuild the Russian empire at the expense of Ukrainian sovereignty.   This should be a simple vote.   Now is our chance to show that Congress stands with the people of  Ukraine. Now is our time to do what is  [[Page H1251]]  right. That is why I urge my colleagues to support this resolution.   