 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of S. 450, a bill that  will award, long overdue, the Congressional Gold Medal to Emmett Till  and Mamie Till-Mobley. It is a pleasure to be on the House floor with  Chair Waters to speak in favor of this bill and its strong bipartisan  support.   On August 28, 1955, a 14-year-old African-American boy was brutally  murdered while visiting family in Money, Mississippi, based on nothing  more than an accusation, an accusation that he had flirted with a White  woman 4 days earlier. This boy's name was Emmett Till.   The way Emmett was murdered by the woman's husband and brother are  far too gruesome to describe here or in the findings of this bill, but  they left a scar on America's history in a way that we will never  forget.   When Till's body was found, it was so badly disfigured it was nearly  unrecognizable, even to Emmett's own family. The only clue they had to  identify him was an initialed signet ring.   As it happened far too often during this period in our history,  authorities tried to expedite his burial to try to make the incident go  away. Yet, Emmett's mother, as so eloquently described by Chair Waters,  Mamie Bradley insisted that her son's body be sent home to Chicago  where he could be properly memorialized.   She knew that it was only through her son's mutilated body that the  world could truly understand the evil that was perpetrated on her son.  I cannot begin to imagine how difficult this decision was for her at  that time and with those feelings.   But it was this decision that prompted Jet Magazine to publish the  photo of Emmett; and it was this decision that ultimately led  mainstream media to shine a light on the story.   I wish I could say that those who murdered Emmett Till were brought  to justice but, sadly, and most unjustly, less than 2 weeks after  Emmett's body was buried, an all-White jury deliberated for less than  an hour and issued a not guilty verdict; this, despite the fact that  there was ample eyewitness evidence to the contrary.    Despite a lack of immediate justice for this brutal murder, Emmett's  mother, Mamie, never stopped drawing attention to her son's murder. As  demonstrated by all of us here today, the Till trial brought to light  the brutality of the Jim Crow South.   Mr. Speaker, S. 450 will honor Emmett Till and Mamie Till-Mobley for  the injustice that they suffered, and the bravery shown in the  aftermath of this terrible incident in American history.   Mr. Speaker, I support S. 450, and I urge my colleagues to support it  as well. I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time for  closing.   I encourage my colleagues to support S. 450. I thank my friend, Mr.  Davis of Parkdale, Arkansas, for his testimony. Parkdale is a great  city in our southeast corner of Arkansas. I thank Chairwoman Waters for  her passionate support of this bill. This is a bill that has the  universal support of people on both sides of the aisle.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support S. 450, and I yield back  the balance of my time.  [[Page H9933]]        