 Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Mr. Speaker, since President Biden stepped foot in the  White House, over 2 million illegal migrants have invaded our southern  border, making the last 12 months an all-time record high. Even DHS  Secretary Mayorkas recently admitted that the border is ``worse now  than it, frankly, has been in at least 20 years, if not ever.'' Well,  that ``if not ever'' part is certainly the truth. I couldn't agree with  him more.   The difference is that my Republican colleagues and I actually want  to bring an end to this nonsense, not gaslight the U.S. Customs and  Border Protection agents who are tirelessly working around the clock to  keep Americans safe.   Unfortunately, the reach of Biden's self-inflicted border crisis  extends far beyond our southern border. Illegal migrants, including  those with criminal records, are being transported all across the  country. I am sure you have seen the videos from this past week of  illegals being released with GPS ankle bracelets. You don't put a GPS  ankle bracelet on anyone but a criminal.   In fact, TSA is allowing illegal migrants to use arrest warrants as  an alternative form of ID to board airplanes. This negligent policy  defies logic by allowing criminals to fly across the country at a time  when illegal migration is out of control and crime is surging  throughout most major cities. We must stop this insanity.   Shame on the Biden administration for putting illegal migrants, human  traffickers, drug smugglers, dangerous criminals, and terrorists above  the American people. It is long past time that we put an end to this  chaos and lawlessness.   Mr. President, what will it take to shut down the illegal border  crossings? America is waiting for your answer, sir.    Madam Speaker, I just think that the Democrats just don't  know how to govern this city. That is just a huge issue. We can see  that with what is happening on the southern border.   President Biden's raging border crisis and the harm it inflicts on  our great country, the dangerous catastrophes that I simply cannot  ignore. We are talking about over 2 million illegal crossings in a  single year, thousands of pounds of fentanyl seized, as we just talked  about, and an unknown number of illegal migrants, some with criminal  records, some on the terrorist watch list, released into hundreds of  communities across the Nation.   Yet, out of cowardice or complacency, or both, the Democrats remain  silent on record high levels of illegal migrant crossings and drug  seizures at our southern border.   My Republican colleagues and I have responded to the left's inaction  with letters demanding answers, with legislation, and with continuous  coverage of what is really happening under Biden's watch.   Furthermore, my House Freedom Caucus colleagues, led by my good  friend, Chairman Perry, held a hearing on the Biden administration's  open border policies and inadequate border security just yesterday.    During this hearing we heard numerous witnesses describe the fire of  chaos at the border and the policies that have fueled the flames.   Many Americans know about the ongoing border crisis and its root  causes--Joe Biden and his crisis-ridden, failed administration, with a  33 percent approval rating. Yet, I don't believe the American people  are aware of the United Nations' involvement that aids migrants on  their expedition to our southern border.   According to one of the witnesses that participated in our hearing  yesterday, Todd Bensman of the Center for Immigration Studies, UN  agencies such as the International Office of Migration and the United  Nations Commissioner for Refugees and their counterparts are providing  assistance, including financial assistance to help migrants on their  journey, where they  [[Page H912]]  will eventually attempt to illegally cross the United States border.   This witness further explained that the United Nations' cash-based  intervention program supplies reusable plastic cash cards worth  hundreds of dollars each, and cash-filled envelopes, among additional  resources to individuals on the migrant trail from South America to  Texas. This is unbelievable, illogical, criminal, and just plain wrong.   The United Nations is actively subverting the security of our  southern border. Just think about that statement for a moment. Just  think about it. But guess again who is funding the bill. It is the  American taxpayer.   The United States contributes billions of dollars to the United  Nations every year, meaning our citizens are paying for fraudulent UN  programs that contribute to the very border crisis that is threatening  their lives and livelihoods.   It is also absolutely ludicrous that our country is funding programs  and then the UN simultaneously derails our national security,  sovereignty, and freedoms.   As our national debt just hit $30 trillion, this senseless spending  isn't just fiscally irresponsible, it is also morally bankrupt, as it  enables illegal migrants, human traffickers, drug smugglers, dangerous  criminals, and terrorists to take advantage of the Biden  administration's open border policies.   Well, enough is enough. We must defund all these UN programs, not  defund the police, but defund the UN programs that encourage foreigners  to violate our laws, breach our border, jeopardize our Nation, and put  Americans last.   