 Mr. President, I am rising to support the amendment that  my colleague Senator John Kennedy will introduce. So I will speak  before he introduces it, but I speak in support thereof.   Senator Kennedy is going to introduce an amendment that would  increase and that would grant disaster relief in several regions of the  country, but I speak on behalf of those in Southwest Louisiana.   A picture tells a thousand words. If you recall back 3 years ago,  Hurricane Laura hit Southwest Louisiana. Two weeks later, almost on the  exact same track, Hurricane Delta followed up, destroying that which  had not already been destroyed by Hurricane Laura.   The devastation of these storms was dramatic. Now I thank the  American people. There has been aid that has been given by fellow  Americans to these communities, but it has been less than what is  required. And flying over, the picture tells a thousand words. There  are still blue tarps on top of roofs years after the storm has hit. And  for those who are unfamiliar with it, blue tarps are when the roof has  been destroyed, you place the tarp so that it hopefully provides  protection that shingles otherwise would.   When you are on the ground and you go through the neighborhood, there  are homes that are blighted, boarded up, and as they have been boarded  up, criminals have come in and businesses have closed. This  particularly affects lower income communities. Those who have more  resources, they will recover, but those folks who need a little extra  help, they are not.   And so, as we think about the aid that my fellow Americans are asked  to give to their fellow Americans, I just will give some statistics.  Hurricane Laura cost $19 billion in damages; Hurricane Delta another $3  billion; and Ida, of course, not only hit Southwest Louisiana, but cost  $75 billion in damages from Louisiana to New York.   There is a lot that has happened. I ask for additional support as  outlined in my colleague John Kennedy's amendment to finish the  recovery for these folks who have endured so much.   I humbly ask my colleagues to support the amendment.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I'll add to what my colleague, John  Kennedy, said.   If you fly over southwest Louisiana, you see blue tarps. Those tarps  are there because the families have not had the money to replace their  roofs. If you get on the ground, you see blighted neighborhoods. Those  blighted neighborhoods are where people have moved, the rooms are  boarded up, criminals have entered, and those who have left are now  prey to criminals. And as they have left, the businesses have closed.   We do so much in this country for those who have been injured, and we  appreciate in South Louisiana all that has already been done. But there  is a little bit more needed to particularly benefit those who are less  well-off.   So I join my colleague, Senator Kennedy, in requesting that  additional funding to complete the job started so Southwest Louisiana  can become whole once more.   I yield the floor.   