 Mr. President, in an effort to make the internet healthy,  happy, and peaceful, the Chinese Government recently clamped down on  what it deems as online bad behavior.   Beijing knows all about bad behavior. In fact, if behaving badly were  an Olympic sport, China would take the gold, silver, and bronze.   Speaking of the Olympics, last week the Olympic cauldron was lit in  the Chinese capital by a Uighur torchbearer. It was a spectacular  opening ceremony, with thousands of participants filling the Bird's  Nest. Its choreography was innovative, its artistry unprecedented as  China sought to portray itself to the world not as it is but as they  want to be seen.   There was an LED floor below, brilliant fireworks overhead. Children  danced, sang, and raised glowing doves. The theme was socially  conscious and environmentally aware.   The Chinese flag was passed through the hands of people representing  the diversity within China, and it was raised where it billowed  proudly, even though there wasn't a breeze.   And not a single American Government official was present--not a  single government official. You see, we sent our regrets to the Chinese  Communist Party, refused to join in the Xi Jinping games. We let a few  of the reasons why we didn't appear be submitted candidly to the world.   A million Uighurs, Kazakhs, Kyrgyz are locked away in gulags--raped,  tortured with electric batons, sterilized, forced into abortions--all  in an effort to eradicate these religious and ethnic minorities not  just from Xinjiang but from the face of the Earth.   Taiwan's sovereignty is continually threatened with the Chinese  flying aircraft, streaking across Taiwan's skies. Hong Kong's democracy  is strangled.   There and across the CCP's domain, dissidents, whistleblowers, and  protesters are apprehended, imprisoned, persecuted, and reeducated-- free speech and expression stifled and censored, religious freedom  denied.   A virus was recklessly unleashed on the world, upturning our lives,  killing our most vulnerable, closing our businesses, damaging our  economy, and dividing our people.   A nation is hosting a storied athletic competition, but that nation  erases its own athletes for telling embarrassing truths about its  government.   The history, distant and recent, of the communist Chinese Government  is one of inhumanity, ruthless violation of the most basic human  rights, and aggression toward America and its allies.   The Olympic Games in Beijing, spit and polished, even carbon-neutral,  may present the face of a humane and caring world power, but we are not  fooled.   We see through the charade--a slave state hosting the Olympics; its  participants wearing uniforms made by Uighurs tortured and toiling in  labor camps.   We see the authoritarian regime behind what the dissident artist Ai  Weiwei calls China's fake smile. And we are leading by example. The CCP  has the world stage, but we are not in the audience.   Our athletes are in Beijing, though. They are on the ice, in the  snow, on the slopes, and in the arena, and they should be. They have  worked their entire lives for this moment. They are seizing it, while  we root them on. And I want America's Olympians to bring back every  single gold medal.   But I also want our athletes to know what the Chinese Government  might have in store for them. So here are a few hopefully helpful words  for our American Olympians.   Keep an eye on your bank account. That is right. When you buy a meal  or a souvenir in Beijing, you will be forced to pay for it with the  CCP's digital yuan. The Chinese Government claims the system creates  more efficient payments across its economy, but it is also a way of  keeping tabs on your transactions and watching what you buy. Be aware.  Think twice about what you buy in Beijing. You see, the International  Olympic Committee made no effort to stop the sale of apparel made with  forced labor.   Not only will China's Olympic team be wearing uniforms likely  produced by slave labor, but official Olympic garments could be coming  from the same oppressed source.   And don't be fooled by uncensoring. The CCP erases any unflattering  but accurate portrayals of itself on the internet. With the world  watching, it is now promising to lower the great firewall, allowing  athletes and the press open access to the internet through SIM cards.  China's own citizens are afforded no such privilege. Hopefully, you  brought a burner phone and left your personal devices at home.   Keep an eye out for your fellow athletes. Now, this is important.  Tennis star Peng Shuai disappeared in November after accusing a Chinese  official of sexual assault. Her peers and the Women's Tennis  Association called for action--an extraordinary showing of solidarity.  But after Peng was seen in a video, the world moved on, much to China's  delight.    We may never know how many Chinese athletes live under fear from  their oppressive government.   Journalists, by the way, you should be on guard too. You see, there  is no freedom of the press in China. Reporters are regularly harassed,  censored, and surveilled. In fact, in 2021, China jailed 50  journalists--more than any other nation.   During the 2008 Summer Games in Beijing, there were at least 30 cases  of CCP officials interfering with reporting and assaulting journalists.  And that  [[Page S562]]  was when China was truly concerned about making a positive impression  across the world.   Lastly, and most importantly, to all America's athletes, don't forget  this: Your country is behind you. By boycotting the Olympics, our  government is shining a light on the CCP's abuse of its citizens and  its disregard for the rest of the world, but by competing in the  Olympics, our athletes are showing what a free people from an open  society are capable of. Now, remember, the Olympics have long been a  forum for American victory at the expense of authoritarians' pride.  They were an early front in the war against fascism.   Jesse Owens won four gold medals in the 1936 Olympics in Berlin,  while Hitler looked on, humiliated, his delusion of Aryan superiority  burst. When Owens stood on the podium after winning the long jump, he  was surrounded by Sieg Heils, but he stood taller and he stood higher  than all of them, saluting Old Glory.   But it was Cornelius ``Corny'' Johnson who was the first Black  American to earn gold in Berlin, winning the high jump. The silver went  to Dave Albritton, another American, who was also Black. Delos Thurbur,  yet another American, won the bronze. Hitler refused to meet with them  or to congratulate any of them.   When they took the podium, all three offered their own protest to the  dictator--the Bellamy salute; the palm-out salute of the American flag  named for Francis Bellamy, the author of the Pledge of Allegiance.   The Olympics were a battleground in the Cold War as well.   In 1980, the unheralded and ragtag American hockey team upset the  four-time gold medal-winning Soviets. Two days later, they defeated  Finland and won the gold.   Russia had just invaded Afghanistan. America's economy was in  recession. The victory not only shocked the world, it lifted our Nation  and sunk the Soviet's spirits. The Russian hockey players didn't even  bother to have their silver medals engraved; they were so angry about  losing to America.   Now, in 2022, another act in a global power competition will take  place at the Olympics. We have seen it unfold in recent days. America  and the free West against the communist Chinese Government. It is part  of the contest that will define this century--show the CCP that the  future belongs to the free; that authoritarian governments always fail  the people trapped under them.   Win. Make Xi Jinping and the Chinese authorities hear the ``Star- Spangled Banner'' and see the Stars and Stripes again and again and  again.   We are cheering you on and will be waiting for you when you come home  decorated in gold. Good luck to Team USA, and God bless America.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   