 Mr. President, I rise to speak about saving school  choice or, perhaps, parental choice.   Some students learn differently than others do. I am the parent of a  child with dyslexia. I can tell you that any such parent knows one- size-fits-all education does not work.   Parents and students should have the ability to choose the learning  environment that is best for that child, and I think the parent can  make the choice better than the school board and certainly better than  bureaucrats in the Department of Education here in Washington, DC.   The charter school program was created by Congress for that exact  purpose: To ensure that parents could choose what is best for their  child. Power to the parent. Giving parents the power is crucial to  allowing every student to succeed.   Unfortunately, there are groups working to undermine the power the  parent should have to choose their child's school.   The U.S. Department of Education has decided to disregard what is in  the best interest of the student with a new proposed rule that adds new  requirements for applicants completely unrelated to student outcomes.  Applicants would have to demonstrate an unmet need for a charter  school, provide evidence of overenrollment at existing public schools  in order to establish a charter school.   It seems as if the Department of Education is putting up arbitrary  barriers to opening a charter school simply out of prejudice. They  don't want the parent to have the power.   Our country's charter schools are under threat from the far left and  from teachers unions who seek to shut them down because charter school  staffs are difficult to unionize.   Now, these unions know it is much harder to spread their influence in  charter schools; and in some cases, it is, frankly, impossible for a  charter school to unionize. And the giant unions see this as a simple  problem. They know the more charter schools there are, the less revenue  they get. So their solution is equally as simple, take power away from  parents with layers of new bureaucracy and government regulation. We  should not let that happen.   And let's just put this in perspective. Since the pandemic began, it  has been public charter schools that have seen a substantial increase  in demand. They opened up sooner, and they stayed open in larger  numbers than traditional public schools. And we know that open schools  are better for children. Parents should have the power to send their  child to a school where they feel like they, the parent, have a voice,  and where they know their child is more likely to succeed.   Now, let's be clear who this rule is written for--not for the parent  and not for the child. It is not written to help the student. It is  written to help unions exercise more control over a student's life.  This rule makes no mention of how many of these new restrictions  improve student achievement or actually help students. And at a time  when students are falling behind in record numbers, we need new and  innovative approaches to our education system, not just hand the keys  over to a special interest group. The truth is, these rules give less  choice to families, will hold students back, and do more harm than  good.   Now, the charter school program has enjoyed bipartisan support for  nearly 30 years. Any substantial change to the program should go  through Congress and receive thoughtful consideration. And parent  choice for the school their child attends should not be gutted by an  informal committee of union employees and education department  officials.   Those of us who care about the student, those of us who see the role  of charter schools, we have one message to Secretary of Education  Cardona: Back off of our charter schools.   