 Madam Speaker, it is actually pretty nice in North  Dakota right now, but we are on our way to winter.   Saying gas prices have lowered 91 days in a row is a whole lot like  giving a medal to an arsonist for helping put out a fire he started.  Gas prices are not lower than when President Biden took office, and  other energy prices are continuing to rise.   And I want to see the report that says inflation has gone down  because I have seen it has gone up in the most recent numbers to 8.3  percent. I think there was very great dueling chryons going on as we  are celebrating an Inflation Reduction Act that does nothing to reduce  inflation while the stock market is tanking, and we get a new report  that inflation is actually going up.   But I would urge my colleagues to defeat the previous question so we  can consider commonsense policy that would reverse the decision by 220  Democrats in this Chamber to tax American energy producers and raise  prices on consumers.   Democrats frame their price-increasing $1,500 methane tax as a way to  reduce emissions, but the small and medium oil and gas companies in  States like mine were already taking steps to reduce pollution in an  economically viable way. These small and medium companies are the ones  that drive energy production, particularly in North Dakota, and are  going to be double-regulated from the wellhead to the market.   The structure of the methane program is unwieldy; it is burdensome,  and it will only serve to increase prices for consumers. And we have  seen just that.   In New York, a typical customer's electric bill is expected to  increase by 29 percent from last year--29 percent.   Ratepayers in New Hampshire saw the price of electricity double over  the summer.   With one in six families falling behind on their utility bills, and  winter right around the corner, the last thing we need are policies  that make it more expensive to produce energy in the United States. We  need to take the handcuffs off domestic producers and deliver  affordable, clean, and reliable energy.   In any rational place in the world, California's energy policies,  where they are demanding electric vehicles by 2035 and, 2 days later,  ask people to not charge their electric vehicles, and the energy  policies of our allies in Germany and other countries in Europe that  are seeing the highest utility rates of any civilized country in the  world should be a big, red blinking stop sign.   But we are not in a rational world. We are in Washington, D.C., and  instead of taking the time to reflect and take reasonable steps to  ensure that our country doesn't go down the same path as these  other places, we double down on policies that will not work, and they  have the added benefit of not actually doing anything to clean up the  environment.    Madam Speaker, I urge everyone to defeat the previous question so we  can go back and deal with an energy policy that is based on reality and  not ideology.   