 Mr. President, I rise today to discuss the nomination of  Judith Pryor to serve as First Vice President of the Ex-Im Bank of the  United States. Now, the Ex-Im Bank was established to help U.S.  exporters by providing financing to foreign buyers of U.S. products.   I have always been very skeptical about the merits of this mission,  and I remain skeptical to this day. Ex-Im claims that it only takes  risks that private lenders are unable or unwilling to take. That is a  central message of the Ex-Im Bank.   We should stop ourselves right there and ask ourselves a question: If  private lenders are unwilling or unable to take a particular risk, why  should taxpayers be forced to take that risk?   And, at the same time, Ex-Im also claims it only makes safe bets. Mr.  President, that is a complete contradiction. It is impossible to do  both. Ex-Im can't only take transactions so risky that no one else will  do them and, at the same time, only be doing safe transactions. It  doesn't make any sense at all.   The fact is, Ex-Im wins business by systematically underpricing risk.  That is why borrowers go to Ex-Im instead of any number of private  institutions that wouldn't offer deals on the same terms that Ex-Im  offers. That is why our largest banks go to Ex-Im for loan guarantees.  The Ex-Im terms are too good to be true--at least too good to be true  in the private sector. And that is evident by the kinds of transactions  that Ex-Im approves.   Consider just last year: Ex-Im financed a deal guaranteeing an $82  million loan from JPMorgan to Qantas airline for the purpose of buying  jets made by General Electric. Now, let's think about this. JPMorgan is  the largest bank in America, one of the largest banks in the world.  Qantas is the largest airline in Australia. And General Electric is one  of the largest industrial companies in the world.    Why did these companies need the American taxpayer to subsidize a  deal among the three of them? The obvious answer is they don't. These  are some of the biggest, most sophisticated companies in the world, and  they have complete access to global capital markets every day of the  week. They didn't turn to Ex-Im because they were unable to secure  private financing. They turned to Ex-Im because they got a better deal  than they would get in a strictly private transaction.   Now, as if that isn't galling enough, Ex-Im has now decided that  American markets can't meet our domestic financing needs--purely  domestic. I remind you, the U.S. capital markets are the largest,  deepest, most sophisticated capital markets in the world by far. Anyone  with a bright idea and a business plan can raise capital in the United  States. They do it every day.   According to the Securities and Exchange Commission's Office of Small  Business Capital Formation report for fiscal year 2021--last year-- there were $2.2 trillion in private offerings of debt and equity and  $1.7 trillion in initial public offerings and other registered  securities. So that is almost $4 trillion of capital markets activities  in the United States. That is how big our capital markets are.  [[Page S1846]]    And then, separate from that are the banks. According to the Fed,  there are about $2\1/2\ trillion in outstanding commercial and  industrial loans as of March 16.   My point is, the United States is not an economy that is starved of  capital. It is awash with cash. Nevertheless, despite that, the Biden  administration has instructed Ex-Im to develop a new Domestic Financing  Program to expand the reach of the Bank into a whole new direction.   This proposed Domestic Financing Program would support creating or  expanding domestic manufacturing businesses and infrastructure projects  as long as there is some expectation that some arbitrary portion of the  goods produced will be exported. And this can even include indirect  exports. So, in other words, an Ex-Im finance manufacturer won't have  to export a thing if he can claim that his customers will.   This is unbelievable. This is well beyond mission creep. As George  Will observed in the Washington Post today, this is ``mission gallop.''  And a program like this clearly subverts congressional intent and  strains--and ``strains'' is a polite way to put the interpretation of  Ex-Im's charter. And it does so to such an extent, really, I think, to  make the charter basically meaningless.   There is no need--there is no reason--for Ex-Im to be providing  domestic financing, none. As I said, we live in a highly developed  market economy, like the most developed market economy in the world,  and promising businesses have access to capital on competitive terms.   And just like all of Ex-Im's other programs--maybe even more so--the  only way Ex-Im is going to win business in the domestic financing is if  it either finances bad deals that the private sector wouldn't touch or  it underprices the risks so that it is more attractive than the private  financing.   So, earlier this month, I sent a letter to Ex-Im's President and  Board Chair Reta Jo Lewis, and I requested that Ex-Im respond to a  series of questions I have about this unprecedented new direction the  administration wants to send the Ex-Im Bank. I also asked to withhold  Board consideration of this Domestic Financing Program at least until  there is a comprehensive framework that is published for notice and  comment.   Before the Board votes to launch this whole new category of business  at Ex-Im, shouldn't we all see: How is this program actually going to  work? How expansive will it be? How expensive will it be? How many  private lenders will be elbowed aside so that Ex-Im could be doing  loans private banks would otherwise be doing?   And none of this has been spelled out. We don't have any answers to  these important structural questions about this program. Yet my  understanding is they are going to go ahead and launch this.   So I sent this letter. Ex-Im responded to my questions, but they  remained completely silent on my request to withhold Board  consideration until there has been public discussion and debate about  the specifics of this framework.   Only 3 days after I got the Ex-Im response to my questions, they  noticed a Board of Directors meeting for April 14, at which they intend  to consider and probably approve this Domestic Financing Program.   Now, this leads me to the reason that our Democratic colleagues want  to push Ms. Pryor's nomination through urgently. See, it is my  understanding that the Ex-Im Board needs at least three Senate- confirmed nominees in order to change its existing policies--certainly  a policy as big as this one. Ex-Im only has two Senate-confirmed Board  members now. So without Ms. Pryor, they couldn't launch this whole new  program, which is a terrible idea in the first place.   So that brings me to Ms. Pryor. My concern with her is that she will  continue to support, first, what I think is the unacceptable practice  of Ex-Im providing taxpayer-funded subsidies to some of the world's  largest and most well-capitalized companies, and I fear that she will  move Ex-Im in the direction of supporting this whole new Domestic  Financing Program.   Ms. Pryor has previously served on Ex-Im's Board, and during that  time the JPMorgan-Qantas-General Electric deal that I mentioned earlier  was a deal that she supported.   I asked Ms. Pryor a simple question during her nomination hearing, by  the way. I said: Do these large, sophisticated American companies have  access to private capital? She acknowledged that that is a simple  question, and she refused to answer it. Now, why would she refuse to  answer such a simple question for which the answer is obvious? It is  because she didn't want to admit that these giant multinational firms  obviously do have access to private capital, to alternative financing,  and she didn't want to acknowledge that, despite that, Ex-Im still did  the deal.   I am also concerned about another issue, which is the weakening of  one of the very few taxpayer protections that is built into Ex-Im's  charter. The charter includes a 2-percent cap on the permissible  default rate. So no more than 2 percent of the assets on the books of  Ex-Im can be in default at any point in time without precluding future  lending. It puts a brake on Ex-Im expansion if they hit that 2-percent  threshold.   Well, guess what? Ex-Im's's default rate has trended toward that 2- percent cap. It is not quite there yet, but it is getting very close.  That is why the President's budget requests that Congress temporarily  waive the cap. Rather than address the problems with Ex-Im's  deteriorating book of business, Ms. Pryor and the administration  support this deeply flawed request to just double the statutory  permissible default rate from 2 percent to 4 percent. How is that good  for taxpayers? It doesn't sound good to me.   Congress laid out a clear corrective measure in the event the default  rate cap is breached. That is, you freeze the book of business. You  acknowledge something is not going right. We have to fix that problem.  Is Ex-Im or the Biden administration proposing to fix the problem? No.  They just want to ignore it and just raise the cap, pretend it is not  there.   I will be the first to acknowledge Ms. Pryor is clearly a competent  person and well-qualified. She has a lot of experience. That is not my  concern about her candidacy. My concern is that nothing in the entire  nomination process--nothing in my discussions with her--has alleviated  my concern that she would advance this badly flawed agenda, which is  badly flawed in multiple ways, as I have laid out. It is also the case  that the Biden administration and its supporters need Ms. Pryor now in  order to advance this Domestic Financing Program.   For all of these reasons, I cannot support her candidacy, and I  encourage my colleagues to vote against Ms. Pryor.   I yield the floor.   