 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, Democrats' massive inflation is an  inescapable, painful, daily reality for working families. These policy  failures have hammered my home State of Kentucky. Last year, even as  many Kentuckians earned raises, prices skyrocketed faster. Used car  prices shot up 40 percent in the Commonwealth last year. In Louisville,  the gas to drive those cars costs more than a dollar more per gallon  today than a year ago.  [[Page S1813]]    In typical Bluegrass fashion, neighbors are helping one another as  best they can. According to the owner of Parkette Drive-In in  Lexington, even as prices for ingredients like chicken have nearly  doubled, he has chosen to cut back as much as possible on his end to  avoid raising prices for customers.   But as hard as Kentuckians try, Democrats' reckless policies are  coming home to roost. As one father of four who lost his job following  the devastating Mayfield tornado in December put it, ``there's no  stretching money at this point.''   An outright majority of Americans say inflation is not at all under  control. Seven in 10 say our economy is in bad shape, and by all  accounts, they know exactly whom to blame for a year of painful  challenges.   Sixty-three percent of Americans, nearly two-thirds, say they  disapprove of how President Biden is handling the economy, and that  number just keeps rising.   But Washington Democrats do not appear to have gotten the message.  The Biden administration's new budget proposal leans even further into  the policies that got us here in the first place.   Even as President Biden has already presided over soaring prices for  gas and home heating fuels, he wants massive new tax hikes on American- made fossil fuels. He wants to skyrocket discretionary domestic  spending on a whole catalog of liberal wish-list items, and he wants to  compound the pain on our economy by slapping the biggest tax hikes in  American history right on top of all of it.   So the past year has taught us how painful Washington Democrats'  policies can be for hard-working Americans. The administration needs to  stop trying to dig this hole any deeper.   