 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution  1224, I offer amendments en bloc.    Mr. Speaker, I have no speakers at this time  on this amendment and I am prepared to close.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of  my time not to speak on the en bloc, but this is the last opportunity  to speak about the bill.   We are going to have three other amendments after this en bloc, so I  just want to do a quick closing and urge all Members to vote in favor  of the bill.   You have seen the process play out. I think this has been an  incredibly inclusive process, starting in the committee in a bipartisan  way and moving to the floor, where we have had the opportunity for all  Members to contribute and participate in this process.   I think we have a good product that is going to enable us to continue  to exercise our oversight of the Pentagon, fulfill our duties as  Members of Congress, and support the men and women of our Armed Forces  in carrying out the missions that we ask them to do. I urge Members to  support the bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr.  Rogers) for his closing remarks.    Mr. Speaker, in closing, I urge all Members  to support the defense bill. I appreciate the staff and everybody who  worked on the effort. I recognize the Rules Committee staff, the Armed  Services Committee staff, the floor staff, and the Parliamentarians who  are the ones who have to process those 1,200 amendments, figure out how  to write them out, how to make sure we are doing it right.   I don't understand fully how you are able to do that, so I very much  appreciate that you do, and we get a good product at the end of it. I  think we have all participated in a good process. I urge Members to  support the bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and  nays.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that  [[Page H6612]]  the Clerk be authorized to make technical corrections in the  engrossment of H.R. 7900, including corrections in spelling,  punctuation, section and title numbering, cross-referencing, conforming  amendments to the table of contents and short titles, and the insertion  of appropriate headings.   