 Madam President, later on today, we are going to be  voting on a Congressional Review Act dealing with the title 42-- actually, more specifically, the asylum rule dealing with what is  happening at our southwest border right now.   Let me first say something I don't normally say on this floor. I am  pleased the Biden administration is trying to address this. It is a  step that--someone in the administration has noticed there is a problem  with the asylum rule, and they are trying to address it. This solution  will not fix the problem, but at least we are working on the problem.   I can say this to the Biden administration and to this body: If we do  not legislatively fix the asylum rule, what is happening on our  southern border will never get better. We have to address what is the  problem there. It is not that there are root causes in Central America.  We are the United States of America; everyone in the world wants to be  here. If all you have to do is cross the border and say the magic words  ``I have credible fear'' and the Biden administration hands you a piece  of paper and you are in the country for the next 8 years--8 years-- until your hearing, the whole world is going to keep coming here.   Now, right now, literally right now, we have 8,000 people a day who  are illegally crossing our border--8,000.   Last summer, in the midst of all the chaos, when all the cameras were  focused on our southern border, there were 6,000 people a day who were  illegally crossing our border. It is literally worse now than it was a  year ago, but the cameras have all moved on and said ``nothing to see  here'' when it continues to be able to get worse literally every month.  Last month, a quarter-million people illegally crossed the border--a  quarter-million. Half of those were turned away with title 42  authority, which the Biden administration is trying to end to allow  everyone to be able to come across the border.   But this asylum rule gives me some sense of hope that they are at  least identifying what the problem is and trying to start working on  it. Here is the problem, though: The way that this rule is actually set  up, almost every negative determination made under this expedited  asylum process gets appealed under the normal process anyway. So while  they are creating an expedited process, all they have to do is say ``I  disagree with the expedited process,'' and they get through the long,  protracted, 8-year process anyway. It doesn't solve the problem.   So while the executive branch is trying to do something, their  ``something'' that they are doing doesn't actually fix the issue. We  have to change this issue in law.   Secretary Mayorkas was on the Hill 2 weeks ago. He came and presented  the new plan in place for what they are going to do on the border. Part  of that plan was this new asylum rule. But when you read the summary,  at the very end of it--they go through all their details, these high- level points of six different areas where they are going to work to be  able to decrease. At the end of it, the summary statement ends with  ``Despite our best efforts, we anticipate an increase in migration.''  What they are saying is, the policies that they currently have in place  are going to continue to increase migration even with things like this  new asylum rule that they are trying to be able to put in place because  they know this doesn't actually fix the problem.   MPP, the ``Remain in Mexico'' program that a Federal court has  required them to maintain--they are doing MPP only in such a way to say  to the Federal courts: We are doing something.   We have 8,000 people a day who are illegally crossing the border. We  have about 2,000 people a month whom they are putting through the MPP  program. We have 8,000 people a day who are illegally crossing the  border. Currently, ICE is deporting 203 people a day. With 8,000 people  a day crossing and 203 people actually being deported, you see the math  here. They are not trying to stop the flow. They are not trying to  disincentivize this.   We need to actually get serious about this. So, yes, I am going to  support a Congressional Review Act on this individual piece because it  doesn't actually fix the problem. Let's actually sit down and fix the  problem actually in the statute. That is what needs to be done.   I yield the floor.   