 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 2159, a bill to rename the  Department of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in  Middleburg, Florida, the Andrew K. Baker VA clinic.   Chief Petty Officer Baker was a respected naval aircrewman,  antisubmarine warfare chief, and combat rescue swimmer. He served on  the USS Carl Vinson, CVN-70, and USS Coral Sea as a ship's serviceman.   He was a graduate of Search and Rescue Swimmer School in Pensacola,  and Fleet Replacement Aircrewman training at Naval Air Station Jax.   While assigned to Helicopter Antisubmarine Squadron 3, or HS-3, he  served as the training and operations chief. Tragically, he lost his  life while on a training mission off the coast of North Carolina in  1997, along with three of his fellow crewmen, when their H-60 Sea Hawk  crashed into the sea.   He dedicated 17 years of service to our Nation's Navy and was  responsible for training numerous warfighters.   In the aftermath of this training accident, the Navy reviewed many of  its training policies, and Chief Baker continues his legacy by  potentially saving future aircrewmen lives. Naming this clinic after  Chief Baker will serve as an inspiration and a tribute to his service.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Florida (Mrs. Cammack).    Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this  bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5481, as amended, a bill  to name the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient  clinic in Forest City, North Carolina, as the Master Sergeant Jerry K.  Crump VA Clinic.   Master Sergeant Crump was a soldier in the U.S. Army during the  Korean war, where he received the Medal of Honor and a Purple Heart for  his heroic actions in September 1951.   Master Sergeant Crump rose above and beyond the call of duty in  combat. One night, a numerically superior enemy force launched an  assault against his unit's position on Hill 284. In danger of being  overrun, he repeatedly put himself in danger, effectively firing on  enemy combatants, killing several of them.   He then noticed two enemy soldiers on the verge of capturing an  American machine gun. He charged at them with his bayonet, killing both  and regaining control of the weapon.   Upon returning to his firing position, an enemy grenade landed in his  bunker. He proceeded to jump on it and absorbed the blast, saving his  fellow soldiers. His actions inspired his men so much that they rallied  and conducted a successful counterattack.   It is for those heroic actions that Master Sergeant Crump was  presented with both the Purple Heart and the Medal of Honor.   He miraculously survived the war and lived another 26 years.  Tragically, he died in a car accident in 1977, at age 43, in Lincoln  County, North Carolina. It is only fitting that this clinic be named  after its hometown hero. It will serve as an inspiration, just like  Master Sergeant Crump, for many generations to come.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this  bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6722, a bill to  designate the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient  clinic in French Camp, California, as the Richard A. Pittman VA Clinic.   Richard Pittman was born on May 26, 1945, in French Camp, California.  At age 20, he joined the Marines. A year later, in July of 1966, Lance  Corporal Pittman's unit was moving on a trail in the jungles of Vietnam  when the unit ahead of his came under heavy enemy fire.   Upon hearing this, Lance Corporal Pittman took his machine gun, along  with several belts of ammo, and ran toward the sound of gunfire in true  Marine Corps fashion. He came under intense enemy fire but managed to  continue advancing toward the Marine unit that was under attack.   Faced by dozens of enemy combatants, he forced them to retreat by  using a combination of machine-gun fire, captured enemy weapons,  weapons from his fellow fallen marines, and hand grenades.   Due to his courageous actions in battle, Lance Corporal Pittman, now  a sergeant, was presented the Medal of Honor by President Johnson in  May of 1968.   He retired as a master sergeant, after serving more than two decades  in the corps. Master Sergeant Pittman's selfless devotion of duty and  fighting spirit to save the lives of his wounded comrades will be truly  honored by having his name on this VA clinic.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this  bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6863, a bill to  designate the medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in  Memphis, Tennessee, the Lieutenant Colonel Luke Weathers, Jr. VA  Medical Center''.   Luke Joseph Weathers, Jr., was born on December 16, 1922, in Grenada,  Mississippi, but called Memphis his home from an early age.   Upon graduating from college, Luke Weathers joined a newly organized  Army Air Corps training program. While there, he earned his pilot wings  and commission as a second lieutenant and began his journey as a  Tuskegee Airman.   Lieutenant Weathers flew with the Red Tails in North Africa, Italy,  France, and Germany. He was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for  escorting and defending a damaged B-24 bomber against eight German  fighters in November of 1944. He shot down two of them.   Luke Weathers rose to the rank of Lieutenant Colonel in a  distinguished and highly rewarded military career.   He began a second career as an air traffic control specialist, and in  1965, he became the first Black air traffic controller in Memphis.   Throughout his life, he remained active with the Tuskegee Airmen and  was a mentor to countless youth who had an interest in the military or  aviation fields.   I cannot think of an individual more deserving to represent the VA  presence in Memphis.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this  bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 7903, as amended, a bill  to designate the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based  outpatient clinic in Canton, Michigan, as the Major General Oliver W.  Dillard VA Outpatient Clinic.   Major General Dillard began his 34-year career in 1945 when he was  assigned to the 349th Field Artillery Group in Germany as part of the  post-World War II army of occupation.   In 1947, he attended the infantry Officer Candidate School at Fort  Benning, where he received a commission as a second lieutenant. He then  went on to serve in command and intelligence positions in Korea,  Germany, and Vietnam.   In 1965, Major General Dillard became the first Black officer to  graduate from the National War College.   Major General Dillard served in many distinguished capacities until  his retirement in 1980. Not only did he break down numerous barriers  over his career, but he held various esteemed positions, earned  military medals, to include the Silver and Bronze Stars, and multiple  civilian awards.   By naming the VA clinic in Canton after this officer who served with  such distinction and sacrifice, the many veterans who will see his name  will no doubt be inspired by his legacy.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   I am going to go off script for a moment here and just say that the  more I hear about these veterans that we are honoring here today, they  are just incredible. I want to know more about Major General Dillard  and his Bronze Star, Silver Star, and Purple Heart.   As we are on the heels of Veterans Day this last weekend, the  remarkable bravery that General Dillard must have shown to receive  those awards is staggering, and I would like to come up and see the  clinic in Michigan at some point just to honor the man and meet his  family.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this bill, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 7925, as amended, a bill  to designate the outpatient clinic of the Department of Veterans  Affairs in Palm Desert California as the Sy Kaplan Veterans Center.   Sy Kaplan enlisted in the Army at age 18. He served in World War II  as a combat engineer in the 2nd, 4th, and 14th Armored Divisions during  the North Africa campaign and the liberation of Italy and in France. In  that service, he earned three battle stars and two Purple Hearts. He  rose to the rank of technical sergeant.   At the end of the war, in 1945, he was seriously wounded by an enemy  mortar attack in the former Czechoslovakia and returned to the United  States due to his injuries.   Following his return, he started and operated his own construction  company. He retired in 1991 and moved to California, as everybody did.   Sergeant Kaplan embraced his new community, where he personally  provided countless local veterans with advice and assistance in  obtaining and earning their VA benefits.   He served as the commander of the Disabled American Veterans Chapter  78 in Coachella Valley for many years, and, of course, he played an  instrumental role in establishing the VA clinic in Palm Desert.   Sergeant Kaplan dedicated his life to service and, most importantly,  to helping his fellow veterans. Having his name on this VA clinic will  continue his legacy of inspiration.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this bill, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 3369, a bill to name the  Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Atlanta, Georgia, as  the Max Cleland VA Medical Center.   Joseph Maxwell Cleland was born in 1942 in Atlanta, Georgia. Through  his storied career, he always returned to his native State. Immediately  after college, Max Cleland received his second lieutenant's commission  in the Army. He volunteered for duty in the Vietnam war, serving with  the 1st Calvary Division.   In 1968, during the Battle of Khe Sanh, then-Captain Cleland, upon  landing on a nearby hill to set up a radio relay station, was gravely  injured by an accidental blast of a team member's grenade. He  eventually lost both legs and his right arm.   While serving, he earned the Bronze Star for meritorious service and  the Silver Star for gallantry in action, in addition to the Purple  Heart.   Returning to his home State, Max Cleland continued his service and  was elected to the Georgia Senate as the youngest member and then the  only Vietnam veteran. He became known as a staunch advocate for  increasing public access for handicapped individuals as well as for his  fellow veterans.   In 1977, Max Cleland was appointed by President Jimmy Carter to lead  the Veterans Administration, the first Vietnam veteran to lead the  agency. He was instrumental in transforming the way the Veterans  Administration recognized and treated post-traumatic stress disorder in  veterans suffering from the invisible wounds of war. After that  assignment, he served as the secretary of state for Georgia for 14  years, and then he was elected to the United States Senate representing  Georgia.   In this position, and in numerous subsequent assignments, he never  forgot his fellow brothers and sisters in arms. He made it his life's  work to champion military personnel matters and to honor the fallen at  military cemeteries and monuments overseas and veteran cemeteries at  home.   In spite of many physical challenges, Max Cleland received numerous  honors and awards over the course of his long and distinguished career.   His spirit served as an inspiration, and that same spirit will  continue to inspire excellence at the Atlanta VA Medical Center which  should proudly bear his name.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I am  prepared to close.    Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill.  Once again, as we talk about heroism, you can't summarize in 3 minutes  the heroism of these men. Max Cleland lost two legs and an arm, and  this is a well-deserved honor.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 4359, a bill to designate  the VA regional office in Atlanta as the Senator Johnny Isakson  Department of Veterans Affairs Atlanta Regional Office.   Senator Isakson served over 45 years as a public servant. He retired  in 2019 as the longest-serving Republican Senator from the great State  of Georgia.   Senator Isakson is remembered for his contributions to the veteran  community and to his home State.   His successful career of public service began when he joined the  Georgia Air National Guard. After separating from the National Guard,  he brought this invaluable experience to the Georgia General Assembly  and to the U.S. Congress.   Senator Isakson was a dedicated advocate for our Nation's veterans,  serving as chairman for the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee for  three Congresses.   Under his chairmanship, our friends on the Senate VA Committee  spearheaded the enactment of critical legislation such as the VA  Mission Act, the Forever GI Bill, the Veterans Appeals Improvement and  Modernization Act, and the VA Accountability and Whistleblower  Protection Act.   Senator Isakson is remembered fondly by his colleagues as the  embodiment of compassionate servant leadership. He had a reputation as  a bipartisan Member who was willing to reach across the aisle for the  good of his constituents. I can think of no better way to honor Senator  Isakson's legacy to both the citizens of Georgia and the veteran  community than by naming the Atlanta regional office after him.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support this bill, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I encourage my  colleagues to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5721, as amended, the VA  Infrastructure Powers Exceptional Research Act of 2021, or the VIPER  Act.   Ranking Member Bost is an original cosponsor of this bill alongside  Chairman Takano.   Research is one of the core statutory missions of the VA healthcare  system. VA researchers have made a number of important discoveries and  advancements that have benefited not only veterans but the entire  world.   Just recently, with the pandemic, VA researchers have done  groundbreaking work utilizing vast stores of data to identify certain  collateral health impacts on vulnerable populations, and they have made  notable advancements in studying the characteristics of and potential  treatments for what is termed long COVID.   This bill will make it easier for VA to conduct the research that  veterans require, and yield advancements in science and medicine that  will benefit everyone.   The VIPER Act would codify VA's Office of Research and Development.   VIPER would also better structure VA's ability to conduct research  across the system.   Finally, this bill will expand hiring authorities for certain classes  of research occupations, including statisticians, economists,  informaticists, and data scientists.   VA needs the talent of these occupational categories to keep up with  rapid changes in data analytics, including artificial intelligence.   Mr. Speaker, I am proud of the bipartisan committee work that has  been done to date on this bill, and I encourage all of my colleagues to  support it. I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 7299, as amended, the  Strengthening VA Cybersecurity Act of 2022.   VA is the second largest Federal agency, and it handles 9 million  veterans' personal information. The Department is a big target for  cyber criminals, and the Veterans' Affairs Committee is responsible for  making sure their data is being protected.   Unfortunately, it can be hard to assess how well VA is truly  performing on cybersecurity, and how successfully the money invested  translates into better security for veterans' information.   This bill would require a third-party cybersecurity audit of VA to  fill in the gaps left by the existing audits. While necessary, those  audits tend to be compliance exercises.   In contrast, this legislation requires a hard look at actual VA  systems and real-world vulnerabilities. The bill also requires VA to  submit a detailed plan to remediate whatever weaknesses the third-party  auditor finds.   Hostile nations are working around the clock to exploit any  vulnerability in our networks or systems, especially with health  records. We must stay one step ahead of them, and I appreciate Mr.  Mrvan's work on this important issue.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support the bill, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 7277, as amended, the  Improving Oversight of the Veterans Community Care Providers Act.   This is a bipartisan bill led by Chairman Pappas and Ranking Member  Mann of the Oversight and Investigation Subcommittee.   H.R. 7277 would implement recent recommendations from the Government  Accountability Office on how to improve oversight of community care.  Community care is VA care, and it should be timely and of the highest  quality.   Unfortunately, our committee has heard repeated complaints of delays  in community care. Long wait-times at VA medical centers and delays in  community care are unacceptable, and we take these complaints very  seriously.   The committee will continue our strict oversight of the program to  ensure veterans are getting the care they need when and where they need  it. It is vital to protect this important option for veterans, and I  encourage all my colleagues to support the bill.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this  bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2250, as amended, the VA  Information Technology Reform Act of 2022. Mr. Rosendale, Mr. Mrvan,  and Mr. Banks have worked on this legislation in the Technology  Modernization Subcommittee for over 2 years.   The VA relies on information technology to deliver nearly every  service and benefit to our Nation's veterans. But it is no secret that  there have been many struggles with IT projects that fail to deliver.  Cost and schedule overruns and poor performance are routine.   This bipartisan legislation creates new accountability standards for  VA to plan, initiate, and manage large IT projects. Congress has to be  informed in advance, before any money is spent, and the VA has to  create a baseline to measure each project's performance against.   The legislation also reforms how VA budgets for IT and increases  transparency into the Department's activities and needs.   I commend Mr. Rosendale for being a watchdog on this important and  difficult issue.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Montana (Mr. Rosendale).    Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this  bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.   