 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, throughout this Congress, I have been  more than a little puzzled about the House's refusal to advance  commonsense bills that pass the Senate with unanimous support. I know  my Senate colleagues have shared their concerns as we have watched  bipartisan bills sit in House purgatory with no explanation as to what  the reasons for the holdup are.   We are talking about bills that help prevent child sexual abuse,  support disaster relief, cut redtape, and increase payments to the  child support program. These are hardly controversial matters. All 100  Members of the Senate supported these bipartisan bills and countless  others, but they are still collecting dust on the House calendar.   With the end of the 117th Congress less than a month away, it looks  like the logjam may finally begin to break. Last week, the House  finally passed the Justice and Mental Health Collaboration  Reauthorization Act that I authored with Senator Klobuchar. This bill  will continue critical grants for mental health courts, crisis  intervention teams, and other programs to promote public safety,  improve mental health outcomes, and reduce recidivism. The bill passed  the Senate unanimously in June, and while I am disappointed that it  took so long for the House to act, I am glad it finally did with  overwhelming bipartisan support.   Last week, the House also passed legislation to rename the post  office in Arlington, TX, not exactly a monumental piece of legislation.  But the important part of it was that it honored our friend and former  colleague Congressman Ron Wright. This legislation passed the Senate  with unanimous support back in May, and over the last 6 months, it has  gotten caught up in partisan jockeying in the House. I am glad the  House finally advanced this bill so that we can honor the incredible  life and legacy of Congressman Wright.   As I said, the logjam looks like it is beginning to break, but we  still have a way to go.   Despite advancing these two overwhelmingly bipartisan bills, the  House still refuses to pass another incredible bill, the Residential  Substance Use Disorder Treatment Act. Senator Whitehouse and I  introduced this bipartisan bill to help incarcerated individuals  struggling with drug abuse.   There is a well-established link between drug abuse and crime. And in  order for individuals who have been incarcerated to have the best shot  at leading healthy and productive lives, they need to break the cycle  of addiction.   The Residential Substance Abuse Treatment Program--or RSAT, as it is  sometimes called--provides incarcerated individuals with access to  treatment for substance use disorders. The treatment is coupled with  programs to prepare these men and women for reentry and to provide  community-based treatment once they are released.   Our bill updates the program and expands access to treatment in jails  and prisons around the country so that we can reduce recidivism and  build safer, healthier communities. More than two dozen organizations  have endorsed this bill, including law enforcement, criminal justice,  and behavioral health groups.   As I indicated, it passed the Senate with unanimous support last  year, but for some unknown reason, the House has refused to take it up  so far. I can only hope that this will change in the waning days of the  117th Congress.   As bad as it is to block any of these commonsense, bipartisan bills,  one of the most confounding is a bill to improve the way police respond  to an individual experiencing a mental health crisis. This has been a  major issue, something we have led on here in the Congress.   Why the House refuses to act now is beyond me, but the American  people have witnessed one disturbing incident after another in which a  seemingly benign encounter with police turned deadly. These have  included everything from routine traffic stops to encounters with  individuals experiencing a severe mental health meltdown.   We all agree that deadly force should be a last resort.  Unfortunately, police officers don't always have the training and the  resources they need to defuse potentially dangerous situations. That is  why this training and these grants are so important, to deescalate the  confrontation.   As we all know, our communities ask a lot of our law enforcement  officers. In addition to fighting crimes, they are often the first to  respond to domestic disputes, drug overdoses, and, yes, mental health  crises. They are expected to function as peace officers, social  workers, mental health professionals, and crisis response experts of  all stripes.   We have tried to lessen the burden on police through bills like the  Justice and Mental Health Collaboration Reauthorization Act, but those  bills alone are not enough. Law enforcement has asked Congress for more  support to improve deescalation training, and we need to deliver.   That is exactly why I worked with Senator Whitehouse, the Democratic  [[Page S6953]]  Senator from Rhode Island, to update and reintroduce the Law  Enforcement De-Escalation Training Act. This legislation will ensure  that all of our officers have the skills they need to defuse a  potentially dangerous situation that could endanger them or perhaps the  individual experiencing the crisis.   Again, use of force should come into play only when absolutely  necessary, and this legislation will provide law enforcement with the  ready knowledge of what alternatives exist. It will help train police  in deescalation tactics, the most effective and safest ways to interact  with people experiencing mental health or suicide crises, and how to  work as part of a crisis intervention team.   Law enforcement has specifically requested this training, and I am  not willing to second-guess them when they say these are important  techniques to keep their officers and the general public safe. They are  certainly not ``soft-on-crime'' policies.   This bill has a list of endorsements that is as long as it is  diverse. Law enforcement groups, including the Fraternal Order of  Police, the National Association of Police Organizations, and the  National Sheriffs' Association have all endorsed this bill. So did the  Major County Sheriffs of America, the Major Cities Chiefs Association,  and the National Criminal Justice Association.   This legislation also has the support of major mental health groups,  including the National Alliance on Mental Illness, the American  Psychological Association, and the Meadows Health Policy Institute.   It received the endorsement of folks on the conservative end of the  spectrum, such as the American Conservative Union, the Faith and  Freedom Coalition, and Right on Crime.   It has the support of faith-based groups, including Prison  Fellowship, the National Association of Evangelicals, and the Catholic  Prison Ministry Coalition.   It has also received the support of the National Association of  Counties, which represents local leaders throughout the country.   Despite this long list of advocates and stakeholders who support this  bill and the fact that the Senate passed it unanimously, the House, for  some unknown reason, blocked it this last week. While it received  majority support, it failed to clear the two-thirds threshold necessary  under the House suspension calendar.   Many of the people who voted against this bill are the same ones who  supported deescalation training grants multiple times in previous  years. They are even on record promoting their support in the media.   As recently as 2 months ago, grants for deescalation training were  uncontroversial. It is tough to understand what has changed and why  anyone would vote against this bill now.   It provides the funding and the training that law enforcement  desperately needs and that will help make encounters between law  enforcement and people experiencing a mental health crisis much safer  for all concerned. It will help build public confidence and trust in  our law enforcement agencies, and, like I said, it has the support of a  full range of stakeholders.   There is no ideological or political reason why people would not  support this bill, as Members of the Senate and Members of the Congress  across the political spectrum have seen the wisdom of passing this  legislation. But I must say that anyone who considers themselves ``pro- police'' or pro-law enforcement should be pro this legislation.   I am disappointed, as I said, that the House blocked this bill from  heading to the President's desk last week, and I am hopeful that  Speaker Pelosi and Leader Hoyer will schedule another vote at a simple  majority threshold soon.   I look forward to that second vote because, as we know, House  Republicans have been very clear about their support for America's  police officers.   Earlier this year, they rolled out their ``Commitment to America''  framework, which included a commitment to build a nation that is safe.  Part of that commitment is to ``oppose all efforts to defund the  police.'' I stand by that commitment 100 percent, and no one who  supports the Commitment to America should waiver in their support of  law enforcement, including this particular piece of legislation.   In order for every American to not only be safe but to feel safe, we  need to enact long overdue reforms to ensure police are more  responsibly serving our communities, and that is that they have the  training and tools they need in order to do their dangerous and  difficult job.   The Law Enforcement De-Escalation Training Act will go a long way to  give those officers the funding and training that they have requested  and that they need in order to do their jobs better.   Just as House Republicans have promised, we must give America's brave  law enforcement officers the resources they need in order to protect  and serve our communities.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   