 Madam President, normally I don't like to use numbers in  speeches because I think numbers get lost in people's minds as they are  trying to wrap their heads around numbers, but I do want to use some  numbers today because the numbers are just so incredible.   During President Biden's time in office, the Department of Homeland  Security has encountered illegal immigrants crossing our border more  than 2.8 million times. In not quite a year and a half, 2.8 million  people were encountered crossing the border. Last month alone, they  caught people trying to cross the southern border illegally 234,088  times. So a quarter of a million people just last month were caught  trying to cross the border. That is the highest number in the  Department's history. It is more than four times the average monthly  number from 2018 to 2020. If you have a problem that is four times  bigger than it was in the 3 preceding years, it is probably time to  ask, what were they doing in those 3 preceding years that we are not  doing now?   Some of the people who cross the border got sent back and may have  gotten caught later in the month. They may have been a catch-and- release, and then they come back. But some people who cross the border  didn't get caught at all. I am not sure that number is not bigger than  the other number. But even if you had double-counting, it is still an  incredible number: a quarter of a million people coming across the  border illegally in 1 month who were caught--not who were coming across  the border but who were caught coming across the border.  [[Page S2852]]    We have never seen such a massive or prolonged effort by people to  illegally enter our country as we are seeing now. It has created a  giant humanitarian crisis at the border. Ask anyone who lives in a  border community the problem that has been created by this.   The Biden administration's response has actually been to tie their  own hands by removing the most effective tools we have to try to manage  the situation. We developed a reasonable approach to the border based  on lessons we learned from previous surges--one in 2014 when President  Biden was Vice President and one in 2019. These policies helped cut the  number of people trying to cross the border illegally. They allowed us  to deal with legitimate cases of people seeking asylum in a much more  responsible way.   People who actually qualify for asylum come to the United States like  people don't come to any other country in the world. We are still the  most welcoming country in the world for people who have a legitimate  request for asylum, but that doesn't include everybody who lives in a  poor and dangerous place.   In contrast to what we have been doing to make it easier for people  to seek asylum and harder for people to illegally cross the border, the  Biden administration has over and over again reversed the progress that  is being made.   As Senator Ernst just well pointed out, on their first day, they  halted the construction of the border wall. The logical debate to have  there was finish the wall in progress and then have a debate with the  new administration about whether you needed more border wall, but they  halted construction of the border wall. The material was there. The  wall was in progress. In fact, the wall, in some places, had been  removed so you could put the more effective wall up, so now there is no  wall. There were places where we had known for several years now that  people would come across if they could where there was no wall and  there was no building the wall. They revoked a 2017 Executive order  calling for stricter enforcement of the immigration laws. They canceled  the Migrant Protection Protocols. They suspended asylum cooperation  agreements known as safe third party agreements, third country  agreements. If someone is unsafe where they live and has a legitimate  claim for asylum, this is not a legitimate claim for entry into the  United States; it is a legitimate claim to get to a safer place for  them. Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador all had agreed to those  third party, third country agreements.   Even the leaders of even Guatemala and Mexico said that President  Biden's policies are incentivizing illegal crossings at our southern  border, which, of course, create a lot of illegal transit through their  country as well.   Now the administration seems intent on ending the public health  policy known as title 42, which allows authorities to turn back many of  the people caught crossing the border illegally. A Federal judge issued  a preliminary injunction blocking the efforts to eliminate title 42,  but the administration immediately decided they would appeal that  decision.   Now, that is exactly the wrong decision at this moment, particularly  when the administration is arguing that we need billions of dollars of  more money to fight COVID, and I think there is some merit to that  argument, but you can't argue that we need billions of dollars to fight  COVID and COVID is over at the border and is no longer a problem there.   In fact, just the latest example of the administration over and over  again responding to the crisis at the border with the wrong decision.  Time after time, the White House could have looked at problems that it  was causing with its immigration policies and reverse course. And time  after time, it responded by going ahead anyway, doubling down on more  than one occasion.   According to the New York Times, there are tens of thousands of  people who have been waiting in the border region for title 42 to be  lifted. They are watching the Biden administration and the signals it  is sending now and how it intends to deal with them the next time they  cross the border.   Most of them will be allowed to stay in the country while they go  through immigration proceedings, many of which can take years to just  get a hearing. That is why waiting in another country like Mexico was a  policy that we should have continued to improve and move forward with  because most people, when they are waiting, would find out that they  didn't have a legitimate asylum claim; that they weren't going to  successfully get into the United States and disappear into the country  that we live in. And they would wind up going back and making it easier  for other people who had a legitimate asylum claim to have that asylum  here.   What makes it worse, the administration has proposed taking away  essential resources to enforce immigration law. With the budget that  they requested for this year, the Department of Homeland Security  specified cutting the enforcement and removal budgets to U.S.  Immigration and Customs Enforcement by $614 million. It doesn't sound  like, to me, that that is the way to deal with a problem that is the  size of the problem that almost every American has a sense of.   In April, the Homeland Security Secretary said that he will need to  reprogram funding from other DHS accounts to respond to increased  activity at the border, while the administration--his administration-- is asking for $614 million in cuts.   Other parts of the Department, like the Coast Guard, the  Transportation Security Administration, the Federal Emergency  Management Agency, could have their operational funding diverted to  process paperwork for illegal immigrants at the border.   The human tragedy unfolding on our border is due, in large part, to  the policies of this administration, a massive turnaround that occurred  on day 1 and hasn't stopped since.   We need that act--and they need to act on border security effectively  and restore order to our immigration process.   It is long past time for the administration people to be honest with  the American people about the crisis it has created and to do something  about it.   