 Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Waters for her  longstanding support of CDFIs.   I speak today in support of my bill, the CDFI Bond Guarantee Program  Improvement Act of 2022, which would open up a significant source of  long-term, low-cost capital to support CDFI projects in low-income  urban, rural, and indigenous areas of the country.   Community development financial institutions, CDFIs, deliver critical  lending opportunities to low- and moderate-income communities and  communities of color. CDFIs are banks, credit unions, and other  financial institutions that provide products and services specifically  aimed at the needs of low-income and marginalized communities and are  certified by the CDFI fund, which is operated by the United States  Department of the Treasury.   CDFIs support people and businessowners in underserved communities by  providing affordable capital to communities typically excluded from the  mainstream financial system. According to Treasury, in 2019, 33 percent  of CDFI lending was in high poverty areas, nearly 75 percent of lending  was to underserved populations and distressed areas, and 17 percent was  to rural areas. I think that ought to make all the people committed to  this concept of everybody participating quite happy.   CDFIs in my district, including Central Bank of Kansas City, LISC of  Greater Kansas City, AltCap, and others, are instrumental in the effort  to narrow the racial wealth gap and increase financial opportunities in  underserved communities. However, we know that the high demand for CDFI  services far exceeds available funding.   One tool the Federal Government has to support CDFIs in their mission  is by making significant capital for economic development available to  CDFIs through the bond guarantee program. Enacted through the Small  Business Administration, the CDFI bond guarantee program is  administered by Treasury, which guarantees bonds issued by qualified  issuers and injects new and substantial capital into our Nation's most  distressed communities.   Unlike CDFI fund programs, the bond guarantee program does not offer  grants or direct loans but is instead a Federal credit subsidy that is  designed to be repaid and function at no cost to the taxpayers.   Since inception, the bond guarantee program has guaranteed over $1.7  billion in bonds used to finance schools, not-for-profit facilities,  small businesses, healthcare facilities, and commercial and residential  real estate, among others.   My bill, H.R. 7733, endorsed by the CDFI Coalition, Community  Reinvestment Fund, Opportunity Finance Network, and others, would  recognize and reauthorize this program.   The bill was a bipartisan effort and unanimously voted out of our  committee. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Waters, Ranking Member  McHenry, and my colleagues for partnership on this legislation, and I  urge swift passage today.   