 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, with the President of the United States  soon to be departing on his first Asia trip, I rise to speak today  about U.S. policy in the Indo-Pacific, an area of the world that I know  very well, having served as U.S. Ambassador to Japan prior to joining  the U.S. Senate.   While U.S. foreign policy in recent months has focused largely on  Eastern Europe, we cannot take our attention away from our Nation's  greatest strategic adversary, namely, the Chinese Communist Party.  Confronting communist China is the essential responsibility of our  time, as the China challenge--and how the United States and  [[Page S2568]]  our allies respond to it--will determine whether freedom or autocracy  defines the 21st century. That is why I am pleased to see President Joe  Biden investing the time and energy to travel to South Korea and to  Japan this weekend.   I can tell you just how critical I believe this trip is because I  made a trip similar to this just last month. In April, I led the first  congressional delegation to visit Japan since the pandemic began. I was  joined by my colleagues Senator Ben Cardin of Maryland and Senator John  Cornyn of Texas.   During our 6 days in Japan, our bipartisan delegation met with the  country's top leaders, including the Prime Minister, his Cabinet  members, Parliamentarians, and top leaders from Japanese industry. I  think it is fair to say that our delegation returned with a great sense  of optimism--optimism about the opportunities that lie before our two  nations to increase our cooperation diplomatically, militarily,  economically, and technologically and, by so doing, strengthening our  alliance.   While I certainly have policy disagreements with the current  administration, I am hopeful that this is one area in which we can find  common ground. The fates of our Nation and the world depend on it. This  challenge, quite frankly, is just far too important to get wrong. So I  am hopeful that President Biden will seize upon the opportunities  presented to him in the Indo-Pacific region to confront the China  challenge head-on and that this trip will provide him with a greater  perspective to do so.   I am pleased to see this administration maintain a focus on the Indo- Pacific region, a focus that President Trump began and that I  personally was proud to help lead from my diplomatic post in Tokyo. I  also applaud President Biden for the actions that he has taken to  engage the Quad at the leader level. Much more can be done.   In terms of strengthening our diplomatic cooperation, the United  States should warmly welcome Japan's proactive leadership in response  to recent international crises. Japan is the world's third largest  economy and a major financial player on the world stage. Japan is a  member of the G7.   In the days after Russia's unprovoked and unjustified invasion of  Ukraine, the Government of Japan joined by imposing strong,  multilateral sanctions against Vladimir Putin's war machine.   Japan's support on sanctions is as important as it is necessary. I  saw this firsthand when, as U.S. Ambassador to Japan, I worked with  then-Prime Minister Abe and his administration in complying fully with  U.S. secondary sanctions to end Japan's purchases of Iranian oil in  2018. With Japan's help, we dramatically reduced Iran's revenue stream  and its ability to fund terror at that time. We see Japan's importance  today with regard to multilateral sanctions against Russia.   Going forward, the United States must do its utmost to ensure that  Japan always has a seat at the table on major international issues.   Indeed, I was very pleased to see Foreign Minister Hayashi become the  first Japanese Cabinet member to attend a NATO ministerial when he  traveled to Brussels last April. And I am even more pleased to learn  that Prime Minister Kishida is considering attending the NATO Summit in  Spain next month.   Here, I see an opportunity for the United States to engage further  with Japan and NATO by exploring new ways to expand high-level  diplomatic interactions and information sharing.   When I made the suggestion to Secretary of State Antony Blinken  during a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing in early May, I was  glad to see that my suggestion was well received.   The second opportunity that I see is in the area of improving defense  and deterrence in the Indo-Pacific. The United States and Japan must  further increase coordination on defense planning and procurement as  Japan looks to significantly boost its spending on defense.   Japan has already begun the process of rewriting its national  security strategy and its related national defense strategy. At the  same time, leaders in Tokyo see growing support from the Japanese  people to roughly double Japan's defense spending to 2 percent of GDP.   These developments come at a critical moment. Xi Jinping and the  Chinese Communist Party have their eyes set on Taiwan, and they are  surely learning lessons from Russia's invasion of Ukraine. At the same  time, North Korean Dictator Kim Jong Un continues to develop nuclear  weapons and intercontinental ballistic missiles as he poses grave and  gathering threats to the United States and to our allies in the region.   Our nations, therefore, must act with great urgency to strengthen  defense and deterrence in the Indo-Pacific. In particular, the United  States must encourage Japan to use their increased spending to field as  rapidly as possible new defense capabilities that are mobile, lethal,  and interoperable.   Japan must also significantly improve its cyber security capabilities  and its ability to share intelligence and information with its allies.  And it is critical that the American and Japanese militaries expand  joint training exercises with one another.   I have had the honor of witnessing firsthand the success of our joint  training exercises, and I encourage our nations to expand this  invaluable training.   The third area where I see an opportunity is on energy security, an  area in which we should be working together. This was the message that  I heard last month in Japan as leaders expressed concerns with  America's current energy policies.   Several years ago, I worked hard to encourage Japan to make  significant investments in LNG infrastructure to allow greater LNG  imports from the United States in order to strengthen our two nations'  energy security and our national security.   I hope President Biden's visit will underscore the significance of  American strength as an energy exporter to enhance the security of our  allies. But all members of the Quad must engage in the critical topic  of energy security.   India is the world's biggest democracy and now has an opportunity to  decrease its energy and military reliance on Russia, and Australia is a  significant energy exporter.   When Secretary Blinken recently testified before the Senate Foreign  Relations Committee, I pointed out to him that the Quad already has  high-level working groups working on COVID-19 vaccines, infrastructure,  critical and emerging technologies, space, cyber security, and  environmental matters. But my argument to him was that adding a new  working group in the Quad--one focused specifically on energy  security--makes strong strategic sense, as energy security is  inextricably linked to economic security and to our national security.  Frankly, it is surprising to me that the Quad hasn't already made this  issue a primary focus.   Secretary Blinken appeared to appreciate the suggestion, and I  emphatically urge the administration to take this idea to heart and  dedicate time and energy to discussing energy security in our Quad  strategic grouping.   The fourth area of opportunity that I see is in technology. The  United States and Japan already cooperate closely in this space. That  was a point that I sought to underscore in many of our meetings with  Japan's private sector leaders.   I see growing opportunities for our Quad partners to ensure our  respective technology sectors continue to work together and to generate  trusted alternatives in 5G, artificial intelligence, quantum computing,  and in other strategic technologies.   When I served as U.S. Ambassador to Japan, I helped the United States  and Japanese Governments coordinate closely to counter Huawei and  China's other heavily subsidized companies and to clear them from the  5G markets of our representative economies. This was important  because Chinese companies like Huawei pose grave and growing national  security and espionage risks.    Our U.S.-Japan strategy prevented Huawei and other Chinese Communist  Party-directed technology firms from obtaining the global scale that  they sought in their effort to dominate international markets.   It also created openings for firms in the United States, Japan, and  partner countries to pursue trusted 5G alternatives in supply chains,  including software-defined networks and ORAN technologies.  [[Page S2569]]    With each passing year, the technology competition with China is only  intensifying. It is, therefore, imperative that the U.S.-Japan alliance  and the Quad increase coordination and innovation in response to  technological competition.   The fifth opportunity is in economic leadership in the Indo-Pacific.  When President Biden visits the region, I expect him to speak more  about the Indo-Pacific economic framework. It is clear that many of our  allies and partners in the Indo-Pacific are eager to see more U.S.  economic leadership.   As a next step, the United States should take the Indo-Pacific  Economic Framework's data provisions and turn them into a stand-alone,  sector-specific free-trade agreement.   The executive branch should look closely at the U.S.-Japan Digital  Trade Agreement of 2019 as a good starting point. This is the most  comprehensive and high-standards agreement addressing digital trade  barriers.   I was proud to help then-U.S. Trade Representative Bob Lighthizer  negotiate this and other bilateral agreements with Japan. Our efforts  brought about a more fair and reciprocal trading relationship between  our two nations, helping not only our economies but also our workers.   The Biden administration has rightly maintained the Trump  administration's tariffs on China as important leverage to uphold fair  and reciprocal trade. This is a critical tool in our arsenal, and I  hope the current administration continues to use it.   There certainly are other areas where the administration must hold  the line against China. The administration could do more to hold  communist China accountable for unleashing the COVID-19 pandemic upon  the world. It also needs to press Beijing to stop the deadly flow of  Chinese-origin fentanyl and fentanyl precursors from flowing across our  southern border and killing more than 100,000 Americans a year through  overdoses.   And we also know what is at stake when it comes to China's growing  military threats against Taiwan. The last administration set a high  standard on countering China, and I hope the current administration  builds on that success.   I believe there is strong bipartisan consensus in Congress when it  comes to the Indo-Pacific and when it comes to the rising opportunities  that we see before us to further strengthen the U.S.-Japan alliance and  the Quad. So I urge President Biden to seize these growing  opportunities that I have outlined when he travels to the Indo-Pacific.  As the only former American Ambassador serving in this body and as a  member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, I stand ready to work  with him as he does.   I yield the floor.   