 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, our economy is as resilient as any in the  world. At the same time, we know that it is important to always look to  modernize key economic policies, particularly as it relates to  fundamental questions of research and development and also production  and manufacturing, in order to create high-skilled, high-wage jobs from  sea to shining sea.   Now, I come from a State that is a leader in technological  innovation, not just for our country but for the world. Oregonians know  how important it is to invest and make sure that the United States  stays at the forefront of technological breakthroughs.   The reality is, when it comes to chips, we have some important work  to do, so I want to take just a few minutes to describe why it is so  essential for the Congress to get this legislation done now.   First of all, our bill is going to bring down costs for consumers and  businesses. Everybody knows there are chips in laptops, phones, and  cars, but there are also chips in refrigerators and even vacuum  cleaners, as we saw at Stark's in Southeast Portland recently.   From the time you pick your head up off your pillow until the time  you go to bed at night, you are interacting with chips. That is what  made it such an economic nightmare when the pandemic hit and the supply  of semiconductors got cut short. Prices for a host of important goods  went into the stratosphere. Some products weren't available at all.  Factories in America went dark because they couldn't get component  parts. Anybody who has had to buy a car in the last few years probably  can tell you a horror story about the buying process.   This legislation is going to go a long way to increasing the  production and manufacturing of chips in this country and bringing down  consumer costs and addressing the shortages by increasing the supply  here in America.   That leads to my second point. Investing in domestic chip production  is going to create a huge, huge number of good-paying jobs. Oregonians  know well that the jobs at these chipmakers can become an economic fuel  for a whole region in the country. We need to guarantee that investment  happens here in America instead of overseas.   Third, the bill is going to help shore up our national security and  our economic security. With respect to the economy, when there aren't  enough chips to keep our factories running and our shelves stocked,  workers and the American economic system suffer.   And when the vast majority of chips are produced in just a few sites  overseas, there is a big risk that the United States won't be able to  get its hands on the chips needed to keep the American people safe in a  conflict.   I am a member of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. I can't  get involved in classified matters that I have some access to. But I  want everybody in the Senate to know this is a top-tier national  security issue. Producing more chips here at home means that our  economy will be more resilient for the days ahead and our country will  be safer and more secure.   One last comment in this short statement. The Senate passed a larger  version of this bill last year, and it included a trade package that  Senator Crapo and I, our colleague from Idaho, worked together on. It  focused on cracking down on China's worst trade abuses, including the  horrendous practice of forced labor, including proposals that went  after authoritarian censorship overseas and a growing danger of freedom  of speech here in America.   I also sought to update the system for job training and workers'  support, so key to our workers having access to high-skill, high-wage  jobs. That trade package is not included in this slimmed-down version  of the CHIPS legislation. I can promise, however, as chairman of the  Finance Committee, we will keep working on these issues.   Cracking down on trade cheats, fighting for investments and jobs in  America is at the top of the priority list for the Finance Committee. I  look forward to continuing our work on those issues in the weeks and  months ahead.   This legislation is long overdue. It is a serious, fresh commitment  to innovation in America. I am proud that I was able to lead the effort  in the Senate Finance Committee to focus on producing and manufacturing  more semiconductors in America. It is hugely important for my State,  which really does research and development for the entire country. But  it is important for all Americans every single day because, from the  time you get up in the morning until the time you go to bed at night,  you are using these chips. This is, in my view, the first step of many  that we have to take to promote more innovation and the path to  creating high-skill and high-wage jobs in America.   Let's take the first step with this important legislation. Pass this  bill. I urge my colleagues to vote for it later when we get to the  final vote.   I yield the floor.   