 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the Honoring Our  PACT Act--overdue, desperately needed legislation providing care for  veterans who have been exposed to toxic substances while serving their  country.   I am especially grateful for the provisions in this bill that provide  healthcare to veterans harmed by burn pits. When I was in Iraq,  exposure to burn pits was an everyday, constant fact of life.   Too many veterans--my dear friends from Lima Company 325 and other  marines--are sick from that exposure with respiratory diseases, cancer,  and other chronic conditions that young men should not be having right  now.   Too many veterans live in fear that their next doctor's appointment  will reveal an illness that--in addition to harming their health--could  drive them into bankruptcy because the VA refuses to care for them. I  am one of those people who does have that fear.   Every day we go without fighting for those veterans is a choice to  let down those who have sacrificed most for our Nation. We will not let  them down today.   Madam Speaker, I am proud to vote for this bill on behalf of my  fellow veterans, and I urge all my colleagues to join me in doing so.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 7900, the  National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2023.   I congratulate my colleagues on the House Armed Services Committee  for bringing forward a bipartisan National Defense Authorization Act  for the 62nd consecutive year.   I especially want to thank Ranking Member Trent Kelly of the  Subcommittee on Intelligence and Special Operations for his leadership  and contributions to this bill. I also thank the subcommittee staff-- Shannon, Craig, William, and Patrick--for their tireless efforts, as  well as my personal office staff members Michelle and Charlie.    This year's bill contains crucial investments in America's allies and  partners to address the threat the world faces from Vladimir Putin,  including $225 million for the Baltic Security Initiative, which I  started last year with my friend and cochair of the House Baltic  Caucus, Congressman Don Bacon.   This bill also takes historic strides to prevent and mitigate  civilian harm by creating mechanisms to increase transparency and  accountability at the Department.   As chairman of the Subcommittee on Intelligence and Special  Operations, I am proud of this bill's critical investments in  intelligence modernization and special operations forces. Specifically,  our bill invests in agility across the defense intelligence enterprise,  protects our warfighters, and builds pandemic preparedness by adding  $91 million to the Chemical and Biological Defense Program's top  priority of accelerating the Department's biodefense capabilities.   Our bill provides the resources to ensure Special Operations Command  has the hardware it needs to conduct our Nation's most sensitive  operations.   This year's bill strengthens oversight of intelligence collection,  information operations, and irregular warfare to ensure our  intelligence professionals and special operations forces are positioned  to prevail in the complex threat environment they face every day.   Colleagues, in addition to meeting the most pressing security  challenges we face today, this bill supports our servicemembers with a  4.6 percent pay raise, codifies the $15 minimum wage for all workers,  includes $111 million in research activities at HBCUs, and improves  women's healthcare.   This an important bill, and I urge my colleagues to support it.   