 Mr. President, many colleagues want to speak, and I am  going to be brief.   The name of Senator Cortez Masto's bill sums up what this is really  all about. The Senator has proposed--and she is a former attorney  general, a very skilled lawyer--she has proposed legislation, the  Freedom to Travel for Health Care Act. I just want us to take a second  to think about the name of my colleague from Nevada's legislation.   I would submit to the Senate that you know something has gone  horribly wrong in America when the Senate is forced to consider a  proposal entitled the ``Freedom to Travel for Health Care Act.''  Colleagues, just look at those words, the ``freedom to travel for  health care.'' My colleague has introduced a bill that is as basic as  it gets--freedom.   The fact is, six Republicans on the Supreme Court have ripped that  freedom out by the roots. Now State governments are moving toward  criminalizing travel for healthcare. They are even moving towards  criminalizing helping--helping--people travel for healthcare. That is  unthinkable, in my view, except millions and millions of Americans are,  in fact, thinking about it and being terrified every single day.   In my home State of Oregon, we are fortunate to live in a State that  protects women's health and women's basic freedoms. My home State is  going to be there for people to get the healthcare they need, including  an abortion.   But the fight cannot be left up to the States. That is why I am so  pleased to stand with my colleague from Nevada, Senator Cortez Masto,  and my partner from the Pacific Northwest, Senator Murray, to call for  the Senate to pass legislation with the name the ``Freedom to Travel  for Health Care Act.'' What my colleague's legislation does is protect  women and doctors, and she does it by protecting a constitutional  right--the constitutional right to interstate travel.   Colleagues, even 3 weeks after the ruling that overturned Roe, it is  shocking and appalling to see what has come next. We see States  sprinting towards banning and criminalizing abortion outright. Are you  a victim of rape or incest? No exceptions. Are you a child? You will  still be forced to birth a child. Is your life in danger if you carry a  pregnancy to term? You better get your affairs in order. That is the  world millions and millions of American women are living in now that  the Republicans on the Supreme Court have ripped away Roe v. Wade. More  women's lives are in danger. More American freedoms are disappearing.   The legislation proposed by my colleague from Nevada is as basic as  it gets. The Senate needs to act now, and it needs to act without any  further delay.   I yield the floor.   