 Mr. Speaker, this amendment seeks to undo a bipartisan  agreement to increase authorized funding for our military that the  Armed Services Committee collectively concluded is appropriate given  the realities of today's evolving national security threats.   We are faced with some serious threats globally, such as ongoing  terrorist threats; the potential for nuclear proliferation in the  Middle East; tensions in the South China Sea; Russia's invasion of a  democratic state in Europe; incredible technological advancements that  we cannot fall behind on in AI, quantum computing, and biotechnology;  increasing competition in space and cyberspace; disinformation  campaigns; and data surveillance that strengthen authoritarian regimes  and lend themselves to attacks on democratic societies.   The amendment that I offered invests in our Navy, which is critically  important right now. It invests in missile defense, which is very  necessary, given advancing technologies in things like hypersonics, R&D  for AI, biotechnology, and quantum computing, as I discussed.   Importantly, it increases critical assistance to the Ukrainian  military as it fights to defend democracy from Russian aggression.   As our military seeks to prepare to grapple with these new, future  realities, it must also do so in the face of significant supply chain  disruptions resulting from COVID and from rising inflation which my  amendment also addresses.    The ranking member spoke, I think correctly, about the need to  protect  [[Page H6270]]  those who serve our country, particularly those on the low end of the  scale, who are having a very negative impact because of higher grocery  costs, higher gas prices, and higher housing costs. I am particularly  proud of the bonuses that are in this amendment to look out for them.   The bottom line, this $37 billion amendment is bipartisan. It was and  remains necessary for the national security of our country. I  appreciate that some people might choose different sets of priorities  on how best to support our military. There are, in fact, some  amendments out there that would set different priorities for how this  additional funding should be spent. But rolling back this defense  topline overall, for the sake of having a debate about the topline, I  believe points us in the wrong direction. That is because of the  dangers that we face today and those that we know are just around the  corner, which we really can't afford to delay trying to adjust right  now.   Many people believe that we are falling behind in some of these  important issues that I have been talking about like, again, the  biotechnology, the quantum computing, missile defense, and other  things.   We think that this is a good compromise. I appreciate the ability to  work across the aisle with my colleagues on the committee.   For these reasons, Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote against  this amendment.    Mr. Speaker, in talking about one of the previous  amendments, I pointed out this was part of a bipartisan agreement to  increase the top line by $37 billion. Compromise really requires people  to set different priorities, come to the table, and find an agreement.  [[Page H6273]]    Many of us on the committee--on both sides of the aisle--really  believe strongly, as does the Navy, that we need a larger, more capable  fleet force. We have different priorities and we talk about them a lot.  For me, I think we need more Flight III destroyers out there--the Navy  agrees with me about that.   Mr. Gallagher over here is a big proponent of getting new frigate  ships out there, they are faster and have great capability.   Mr. Speaker, I know Mr. Wittman works very closely with Mr. Courtney  on submarines and many other things. He made a good point. Giving up  these capabilities without replacing them with other capabilities is a  problem, but I also agree with the chairman that this is not a top  priority program for the Navy.   I do have concerns that after just a short period of time they are  seeking to shutter this program. It shows, to me, a problem with the  Navy in some of their new programs. We have seen this with other  things, like the DDG-1000, and I think Congress and our committee need  to crack down on this and do a better job with oversight over the Navy  to make sure these programs are going to pan out to be worthy  investments.   It is a shame to see these ships retired after so few years. I know  that there are allied nations out there that would like to make use of  them. A Senator from Maine, from my State, talks about perhaps  repurposing these toward drug interdiction in the southwest hemisphere.  Again, we just can't be scrapping these things. It is a lost investment  and a terrible waste of taxpayer dollars.   That being said, I like the chairman's amendment in that it is  seeking to make other important investments with the money, investing  in these munition plants in the United States. Putting more money  toward the readiness of our Navy force is an identified problem that we  have agreed to in a bipartisan way--it is very necessary. I think we  have pretty significant workforce readiness problems in the Navy to man  those ships, so it is a good repurposing of those funds.   