 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr.  Johnson), my good friend, the vice chair, for his leadership.   Madam Speaker, my constituents tend to say this phrase very often  lately. They have had enough.   Madam Speaker, American families, seniors, and small business owners  are struggling to keep up with skyrocketing inflation. That is not news  to anyone. Families are contending with high prices at the grocery  store just to put food on their table and canceling summer vacations  due to record-high gas prices. Small business owners are being squeezed  with the increased prices of supplies, shipping costs, wages, you name  it, while they are seeing reduced revenues from customers who are  reducing their own spending, of course.   Our seniors, many living on fixed incomes, are struggling to maintain  their basic quality of life, afford necessities, and the gasoline it  takes to travel to their doctor appointments. But, Madam Speaker, you  don't have to take my word for it.   This week, I asked my constituents how inflation has impacted their  daily lives. In less than 24 hours, I received over 1,400 responses  from seniors, from small business owners, from mothers and fathers from  every corner of my district who are struggling to keep up with  inflation.   A few examples: Michelle from Schuylkill County had to cancel  necessary doctor appointments because she cannot afford the current  price of gasoline.   Karl and his family from Carbon County had to cancel their vacation  due to astronomical gas prices.   William from Carbon County has informed me that inflation has gotten  so bad that he must choose between eating or whether to fill up a gas  tank to attend his needed doctor appointments.   Rick, a small business owner from Luzerne County, has had to slow  down his business expansion and is unable to hire new employees while  also having to raise prices just to keep his business afloat.   Scott from Lebanon County has been unable to visit his elderly father  due to inflation slashing into his savings.   These are actual responses from my constituents.   Today, Madam Speaker, I had small business owners and constituents  from my district in for a small business roundtable. Some of their  feedback on inflation included fighting the headwinds rather than  extending any of their resources to grow their business, delaying  growth and delaying projects and hiring.   One constituent who does construction stated that the recent T&I bill  that was passed in this House will now create 30 percent less projects  in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania because of the high level of  inflation. That really hits home, to say the least.   Madam Speaker, I have to say that in only 18 months, my constituents  are right. They have had enough.    We do. We can.   