 Mr. Speaker, the measure in front of us today just makes  no sense. This measure is actually going to make inflation worse. Why?  Because you are going to put a third mandate on the Federal Reserve--a  Federal Reserve that has done a poor job of actually managing price  stability.   The same price stability that hurts poor Americans whether you are  Black, whether you are Hispanic, or whether you are White. The same  price stability that hurts middle-income Americans whether you are  Black, whether you are Hispanic, or whether you are White.   The only group of Americans who might even escape the sting of  inflation in the United States are rich Americans who happen to be  Black, rich Americans who happen to be Hispanic, and rich Americans who  happen to be White.   The common denominator with massive inflation is that if you are  poor, regardless of your race, you are being crippled. To have the  majority party say today that they are going to add a third mandate  onto the Federal Reserve is ludicrous. That does not address the  systemic disparities that exist with respect to wealth in America  between Black families and White families.   We all know the history. We understand why there are Black families  who do not have the same size of net worth as White families on an  average basis. What you do not do is saddle our economy with more  regulation and more silly policies, which will actually make our  economy more efficient.   How are Black families in the future going to actually increase their  net worth if being able to apply for loans is more expensive? How do  Black families actually increase their wages if our economy is saddled  with more inflation? It does not help Black people going forward, it  actually hurts them, and it hurts everybody along the way.    We should be getting the Federal Reserve back to one mandate--of  sound money. That would actually help matters for poor Americans,  regardless of their race. That is a bill myself and my colleague from  Arkansas (Mr. Hill) have sponsored to get the Federal Reserve back into  the right place.   If you want to seriously have a conversation about systemic  inequities, if you want to have a conversation about the difference in  net worth between Black Americans and White Americans, what you cannot  do is shut off the economy, which would actually hurt Black families  from growing their wealth into the future.   