 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, this evening, I want to take just a few  moments to recognize Pittsburg State University President Steve Scott.  His long tenure at PSU--over three decades in total--has shepherded the  university through various challenges and a period of growth.   Since taking the helm as president in 2009, he has led through a  recession, enrollment and recruitment challenges in a global pandemic.   Early on during the pandemic, as our world was shutting down, I  hosted a Crawford County virtual check-in with area leaders. President  Scott was on that Zoom call. It was one of the many Zoom calls we have  made over the last several years. During that conversation, President  Scott said that there were three things to do when leading during  difficult times: One, tell the truth; two, give people hope; and three,  tell people how they can help. That advice has stuck with me and has  helped guide my work and my conversations with Kansans ever since, and  it is good advice that we can follow yet today.   But President Scott's legacy is not only marked by challenges.  Pittsburg State has seen tremendous growth and opportunity over the  past decades: the Bicknell Family Center for the Arts, Block22, the  expansion of the Overman Student Center, the Plaster Center, and many  other positive developments.   These encouraging things highlight his emphasis on being a good  community partner and his success in further integrating the university  with the city of Pittsburg, Crawford County, and the region.   If you have ever been to Pittsburg on game day to cheer on the  Gorilla's football team, it is clear how well the university pulls the  community together.   I have always enjoyed walking through Gorilla Village with President  Scott to visit with students and community members--with ``Welcome to  the Jungle,'' of course, playing in the background.   It is during these events that it is clear how well he relates to  students, how much he cares for them and enjoys hearing their goals and  their dreams or, for graduates, what they have accomplished since  leaving campus.   I am of the view that we change the world one soul, one student, one  person at a time. Education is one of the most impactful ways we can do  that, and I appreciate President Scott's dedication to serving students  for the past 30 years.   I also appreciate how closely he has worked with me and my staff to  advocate for Kansas higher education and identify ways the Federal  Government can invest in the campus to move both Kansans and Kansas  forward.   President Steve Scott will be celebrated this Friday in Pittsburg and  step down from his position as president in June, but before he does  so, I want him to know how grateful I am and Kansans are for his  service.   He is a public servant through and through, and I look forward to  seeing what he does next. Whatever it may be, I wish him and Cathy the  very best.   President Scott, thank you for your friendship. Thank you for making  a difference in so many lives. We are grateful for what you have done  at Pittsburg State University. Best to you and your family.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   