 Madam Speaker, I rise to oppose the previous question so  that we can immediately consider H.R. 7690 to DEFUND the Biden's  Administration DHS Disinformation Governance Board.   However, before I get into that, I would remind my colleague that  just a couple months ago, that the administration did offer a ride to  President Zelenskyy, offered him a ride out of Ukraine to leave the  country that he so valiantly has been fighting for. I want to make sure  that that is set straight. And we will get back to the business at  hand: The Disinformation Governance Board.   The fact is that the administration thinks that they should be  policing disinformation. It is beyond alarming. And I am trying to put  myself back into the shoes of the Founders 240 years ago, to think that  the government would be in charge of personal views of the First  Amendment.   The antics, as it has been called here, my 750,000-plus constituents  don't think what I am saying right now are antics. What they are proud  of is we are standing up to say that we do affirm that the government  does not get to determine what is true and false.   Personally, I have heard the Secretary of Homeland Security,  Mayorkas, claim that our border is secure, but millions of illegal  immigrants are allowed to pour into our country, including known and  suspected terrorists. Even more disturbing, is that Secretary Mayorkas  has put an outspoken partisan person, who has mocked stories, including  those about Hunter Biden's laptop, has praised the now-debunked Steele  dossier, and other stories out into the public, while claiming to now  be the purveyor of truth. The lack of credibility and the  misinformation is beyond laughable.   The Department of Homeland Security should be focused on one thing,  and this is not a partisan issue. It is our security. It is our  Nation's security. That is what DHS was founded on after September 11.  That is what the focus should be on right now, not fact-checking social  media or censoring Americans.   Today, every Member of Congress will be put on Record, and the  question will be: Do you stand on the side of free speech or not?   I stand on the side of free speech for my constituents, the 750,000  who I believe would not call what I am saying antics.   