 Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of my  amendment to H.R. 8294, the fiscal year 2023 Transportation, Housing  and Urban Development, Agriculture, Rural Development, Energy and Water  Development, Financial Services and General Government, Interior,  Environment, Military Construction, and Veterans Affairs Appropriations  Act, to ensure that Congress is adequately funding Tenant Participation  Activities. I thank Chairs Rosa DeLauro and David Price for supporting  this amendment.   The right of tenants to organize is a fundamental part of successful  federal housing programs. The tenant participation process, built into  all of HUD's major housing programs, can ensure that tenants play an  integral role in the management process and promote services  benefitting all residents. For example, through the public notice and  comment process, tenants can prevent changes to the property that will  destabilize residents' lives or diminish their rights. Funding resident  participation and organizing activities is also an intentional and  active way to value the lived experience of assisted families. Their  empowerment is essential as we work towards a more just housing system.    At present, these activities are not adequately funded. The  allotment that Public Housing Authorities can provide tenant  participation activities through a formula--$25 per occupied unit--has  not changed since 2001. As a former union organizer, I understand what  a difference even a small amount of funds can make for getting people  activated and motivated to join an organizing effort. My amendment  seeks to ensure that the PHA allotment is increased to $40 per occupied  unit, per year, adjusted for inflation so that HUD residents have the  financial support they need to participate in organizing activities  that will improve the lives of residents and their surrounding  communities.   I urge my colleagues to support this important amendment.    Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of my  amendment to ensure that funding is prioritized for the Rebuilding  American Infrastructure with Sustainability and Equity (RAISE)  discretionary grant program in H.R. 8294, the fiscal year 2023  Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, Agriculture, Rural  Development, Energy and Water Development, Financial Services and  General Government, Interior, Environment, Military Construction, and  Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act. It is critical that RAISE grants  include equipping our highways with electric vehicle charging  equipment, as well as powering public buses and rail with electricity.  I thank Chairs Rosa DeLauro and David Price for their support for my  amendment.   Today, continued investments in outdated technology that contributes  to our planet's disastrous overheating are not sustainable. Instead, we  should be investing in projects that will decarbonize and electrify our  public transportation sector and help the country achieve net-zero  carbon emissions. We must also commit to funding projects that further  the goal of equity and uplift our most vulnerable populations, as the  effects of climate change have a disproportionate impact on communities  of color.   Our planet and the future of younger Americans and future generations  depend on our ability to act on climate change now, and take every  opportunity to transition away from fossil fuel dependence. Madam  Speaker, this is one of those critical opportunities. This is our  opportunity to ensure that our infrastructure is sustainable and  equitable; to make a strategic investment both in our nation's  infrastructure and our environment; to invest in future generations,  not just for our grandchildren but for their children and beyond. I  urge my colleagues to support this amendment.    Mr. Chair, I rise today to urge support for my  amendment to H.R. 8294, the fiscal year 2023 Transportation, Housing  and Urban Development, Agriculture, Rural Development, Energy and Water  Development, Financial Services and General Government, Interior,  Environment, Military Construction, and Veterans Affairs Appropriations  Act, to require funds for the Election Assistance Commission to be used  to pay for the wages of election poll workers. I thank Chairs Rosa  DeLauro and Mike Quigley for their support of this amendment.   We are at a crossroads in our nation. Efforts to undermine our  democracy and perpetuate the Big Lie have made the workplace  incredibility challenging for election workers. Despite these  challenges, election workers continue to ensure that Americans can vote  safely and securely. That is why we must ensure they are adequately  paid for their contributions. Our system of democratic participation  cannot function without them.   Last month, I introduced H.R. 8015, the Enhanced Pay for Election  Workers Act alongside 40 colleagues. The bill creates a new grant  program to provide states with funding to increase election worker  wages. This amendment builds off that proposal to highlight the need  for federal election funds to help pay election poll workers  adequately. Election workers are chronically underpaid, and increased  wages will help improve recruitment and morale. In turn, this will help  all of us by ensuring the smooth administration of elections, which  safeguards our democracy. I urge a yes vote on this amendment.   