 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Connecticut for yielding.   Madam Speaker, more than 2 million Federal employees provide key  services to the public. In fact, during the height of the pandemic,  Federal workers were critical in delivering vaccines, personal  protective equipment, and other COVID relief to the American people. So  it stands to reason that when a Federal worker gets sick or injured on  the job, we are obligated to provide them and their families with the  resources and medical care that they need.   Today, we can improve that effort by providing expanded healthcare  access for injured Federal workers who are seeking healthcare covered  by Federal workers' compensation. We live in a country where people are  increasingly turning to nurse practitioners and physician assistants as  their primary healthcare provider. This is particularly true in rural  America where they are disproportionately impacted by physician  shortages.   Unfortunately, Federal law now limits what can be reimbursed under  Federal workers' compensation, forcing injured workers to see only a  physician to certify the injury and disability as work-related and to  deliver services. It is time to correct this lag in access to  healthcare. After all, core Federal healthcare programs, including  Medicare and the Veterans Affairs' system, already recognize services  delivered by nurse practitioners and physician assistants if provided  within the scope of practice allowed by State law.   This bill would allow nurse practitioners and physician assistants to  receive reimbursement for healthcare services they are providing to  injured Federal workers if, and only if, those services are already  permissible under their State laws.   Madam Speaker, a ``yes'' vote on this bill is a step to expand the  group of available healthcare providers consistent with existing State  law so that we can ensure injured Federal workers and their families  get the support and care they deserve.   I thank the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. Courtney) for his  leadership on the bill, along with the distinguished member of the  Committee on Education and Labor, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr.  Walberg), and the committee's ranking member, Dr. Foxx, for their  support of this legislation.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the Improving Access  to Workers' Compensation for Injured Federal Workers Act.   