 Madam Speaker, I rise in support of S. 4439 the Katimiin  and Ameekyaaraam Sacred Lands Act. I was proud to partner with Sen.  Padilla and introduce the House companion, H.R. 6032. This bill will  place 1,031 acres federal lands located in Humboldt and Siskiyou  counties into trust for the Karuk Tribe. Natural resource stewardship  of land, wildlife, plants, and water is at the core of the Karuk  people's culture and identity. Yet 95 percent of their aboriginal  territory is currently under federal management, undermining the  tribe's ability to exercise traditional practices that have been passed  down since time immemorial.   These lands, known as Katimiin and Ameekyaaraam, are ceremonial areas  and village sites located at the Karuk Tribe's ``center of the world.''  These areas are where the final series of the Tribes' annual Pik-ya- yish World Renewal ceremonies take place. Ameekyaaraam is located  downriver from Katimiin and serves as the site of the Jump Dance and  First Salmon ceremonies and is the historical location of pre-contact  intertribal fish harvesting. While arrangements with the Forest Service  have allowed the Karuk Tribe to use these areas for their ceremonies,  their access is not always guaranteed, and privacy from the public  remains an issue. This legislation returns this sacred ground to the  Karuk Tribe, correcting a historic injustice.   I've had the immense privilege and honor of visiting this area--these  lands are not only majestic, they are central to Karuk history,  religion, culture, and identity. Placing them in trust ensures that the  Karuk way of life can endure for future generations.   Under this bill, only Forest Service lands will transfer to the  tribe; all private lands, allotments and existing rights associated  with those will be excluded. The language includes Class I, II, and III  gaming prohibitions, and confirms the U.S. Forest Service's authority  over managing the Wild and Scenic Rivers located on this parcel of  land. We've received widespread support from the local government,  private landowners and businesses, neighboring tribes, and  environmental organizations. To date, there has been no opposition to  this legislation.   Senators Padilla and Feinstein have been wonderful partners in  advancing this bill in the Senate, and the Karuk Tribe has worked with  our offices tirelessly. It is my honor to advance this legislation that  gives land back to the Karuk Tribe, and I urge my colleagues to vote  Yea and get this bill to the President's desk.   