 Mr. President, while we are standing here right now in  Washington, DC, in the middle of an afternoon, protests are happening  all over Iran right now.   The latest news reports coming out from social media and the very  limited media that can get out of Iran--massive protesters are in the  streets of 20 different cities in Iran right now. The latest count is  nine people have been killed in those protests by Iranian forces trying  to be able to shut down the protests that are now breaking out all over  the country--including, by the way, protests in Tehran.   What is going on? This has been a simmering issue for a long time in  Iran. As I have stated several times on this floor and in committee  hearings, our opposition with Iran is not with the Iranian people. The  Iranian people live in oppression underneath the Iranian regime, which  pushes their thumb down on them and limits their progress in the world  and in their own country.   The spark of this latest group of protests that are happening in the  streets all over Iran is a young lady who was murdered in police  custody in Iran named Mahsa Amini.   Mahsa Amini, a 22-year-old Iranian woman, died in custody because she  broke Iran's hijab law. In other words, she wasn't wearing her head  covering, and so--brace yourself--the morality police arrested her. The  morality police in Iran detained her, where she was apparently beaten  to death while she was in prison. Now, the police and the regime have  come out and said she had sudden heart failure, but with multiple  injuries around her head, that is not sudden heart failure.   The nation--once again--of Iran is rising up to say: This has to  stop.   Americans would be surprised at the number of social media posts that  are getting out of Iran right now, where  [[Page S4900]]  large crowds--large crowds--are gathering in cities, tearing down the  pictures of the Ayatollah, and chanting in the streets of Tehran,  ``Death to the dictator.''   I have friends in Iran who have actually sent me some of the social  media posts to be able to show me that this is what the street looks  like today. This is breaking out across Iran.   Now, what is interesting is that, at the same time, the President of  Iran has been allowed to be able to come into the United States to be  at the U.N. General Assembly to be able to speak out for the regime's  benefit to the rest of the world. It will be a remarkable side-by-side  of what is happening in Iran on the streets right now and the Iranian  leadership at the U.N. General Assembly.   At this same moment as well, Iran is working with Russia and has  delivered hundreds of unmanned aerial vehicles that are weaponized,  little kamikaze drones that are literally taking out Ukrainian  artillery right now in the field in Ukraine. The Iranians haven't just  supplied these weaponized drones to Russia; they have brought Russian  leaders into Iran to be able to train them on how to be able to attack  Ukraine with these weapons.   Right now as well, the Russians are calling up additional reservists  to be able to fight the Ukrainians and to be able to continue to take  the fight to them. Protests are also erupting in Russia right now from  Russian moms who are furious that their husbands and their sons are  being called up to be able to fight in Ukraine to replace the thousands  of casualties that Russia has suffered in Ukraine.   Now, why do I connect the dots in all of these--what is happening in  Iran on the streets, what is happening on the streets in Russia, and  what is happening right now in Ukraine? Because in the middle of that  moment internationally that is happening, the U.S. Government has  partnered with Russian diplomats to negotiate with Iran a restart of  the nuclear deal with them. I can't make this up. So the United States  is using Russia as its proxy to negotiate with Iran to be able to  restart a nuclear negotiation with them.   Listen, the JCPOA, this nuclear deal, as it is commonly called, when  it was put in place in 2015, was then set aside to say: It is not  accomplishing its purposes.   In 2015, when it was put in place--let's just review real quick what  happened in the days after that.   Planes full--literal planes full--of pallets loaded with cash were  sent to Iran as soon as this deal was signed. It was a government  suddenly flush with cash. How did that regime use that cash? They  bought munitions to be able to fight against Americans in Iraq.   From 2015 to 2017--that period immediately after the JCPOA was signed  and planes full of cash were sent to them--munitions fired against  American troops in Iraq increased 341 percent. During that same time  period, terrorist incidents increased 183 percent. There were 58  incidents involving Iranian vessels in the gulf that put American  troops at risk. Iran used its money not to be able to help the Iranian  people but to attack us and to attack our allies.    Our Nation withdrew from this nuclear negotiation 4 years ago. After  that happened, Iran's exports of crude oil declined by more than 2  million barrels a day, cutting off a major supply of money into the  regime. Iran's defense budget was then cut 28 percent because of those  revenue shortfalls. Iran's currency lost 70 percent of its value as the  pressure was applied to Iran to actually join into nations around the  world, to actually become a nation like the rest of the world.   I am bringing this into the Senate today. It is an issue that I have  brought multiple times. We should have ongoing dialogue with Iran. They  are ambitious to become a nuclear weapons-capable nation. They are the  single largest State sponsor of terrorism in the world. They are the  destabilizing force in all of the Middle East. Every nation in that  entire region has to prepare themselves for an inevitable, erratic,  irrational attack from Iran; and every nation fears the day that they  gain a nuclear-capable weapon.   But the gaps in the nuclear negotiations are large. Let me list some  of them. The nuclear negotiation excludes any conversation about their  terrorist activities. It is just simply not limiting their terrorist  activities, just limiting their nuclear capability. They are building  long-range weapons capable of carrying a nuclear weapon. Why would you  need to build a long-range heavy missile unless you are carrying a  nuclear tip? The two are connected--their terrorist activities, their  missile ambitions, and their nuclear ambitions. We should connect those  in all of our relationships.   My amendment in my sense of the Senate that I bring is very clear  today. One is to acknowledge what we all know is actually happening.  The second is to say, we can't have any kind of sanctions relief,  especially preemptively in negotiations on lifting energy petroleum  sales coming out of Iran. The next section of it, the third section of  it, is simply not releasing any of the sanctions on the Iranian  Revolutionary Guard Corps. They are the core of the terrorist  activities in the area. They are the trainers for those who actually  attacked Americans in Iraq. We should not lift sanctions on them. The  fourth on this is not providing relief to the financial institutions in  Iran so they can't continue to extend their terrorist activities and  their financial activities behind the scenes. The goal of this is to be  able to put pressure on the regime but to protect the Iranian people as  much as possible.   The final statement that is in this sense of the Senate is to affirm  our long-term friendship with the people of Iran and our understanding  that they are living under the thumb of this regime.   My friend that I had mentioned before who is from Iran has reached  out to me in the last 24 hours with this simple question. The Iranian  people are on the streets, trying to gain their freedom, trying to be  able to speak and live their faith as they choose to. And here is this  question: What are the Americans going to do to stand with us? That is  a fair question for this body.   The Iranian people who are begging for their own freedom do not want  the American response to be sending cash to the regime so they can  oppress their people more or lifting the sanctions at this moment so  that the regime can continue to advance its terrorist activities or  just disengaging from its missile ambitions that destabilizes the  region or to continue to be able to use Russia as a proxy for the  United States of America while Russia is literally using Iranian drones  to attack the Ukrainians.   Let's speak with a clear voice to the Iranian people on the streets.  They want to hear the United States say: We stand with your passion for  freedom, and not: We stand with the regime in what they are trying to  do to you.    So saying all that: As if in legislative session, I ask unanimous  consent that the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs be  discharged from further consideration of S. 1950 and the Senate proceed  to its immediate consideration; I ask further that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I appreciate my colleague. We have a lot  of agreement in areas in Lebanon and other areas in the region that we  work diligently together to be able to resolve--very, very difficult  areas in this region.   But I do want to say: Facts are stubborn things. When my colleague  makes a statement that we can see what happens during the time of the  JCPOA and we can see what happens during the time of sanctions, I am  welcome to be able to look at those facts. During the time of the  JCPOA, as I mentioned before, from 2015 to 2017, munitions fired  against American troops in Iraq increased 341 percent. Many of those  munitions were Iranian-provided. So to be able to say that there were  no attacks on Americans during the JCPOA is just factually not correct.   I can take you to a multitude of members of the U.S. military that  will speak specifically of munitions that were fired on them and all  kinds of improvised explosive devices created by the Iranian  Revolutionary Guard Corps and shipped into Iraq to be able to attack  them specifically during that time period. So it is not factually  correct there were no attacks on Americans during the time of the  JCPOA. In fact, all the folks that look at these issues saw that  terrorism increased 183 percent during that time period.   During the time of the sanctions, Iran suffered real consequences in  their economy, including a dramatic drop in their own defense spending  by 28 percent during that time period. I received a personal outreach  from an individual who is a leader in Lebanon, who my colleague and I  both know well, who reached out to me personally and said whatever the  United States is doing right now to cut off funding to Iran, keep doing  it because it is also cutting off funding to Hezbollah and to Lebanon.  They are not getting their paychecks right now, and that is helping the  stability of our government.   So there was a real effect during that time period. We can discuss  strategic aspects of which one is more effective, the agreement or the  heavier sanctions, but we can't just ignore it and say there was no  benefit during that time period in the last several years on the  pressure that was put on Iran during this time period.   The fact still remains, the people of Iran are asking the question.  They are on the streets chanting for freedom. What is the Senate going  to do to stand with them? And, currently, it is nothing. I would like  for it to be something, to stand with the people of Iran as they speak  out against the repressive regime that they are under the thumb of.   I yield the floor.   