 Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 963.   H.R. 963 undermines freedom of contract as well as consumer choice by  banning informed, consenting adults from freely entering into contracts  to arbitrate disputes.   Arbitration generally works well and is a fair and effective way to  resolve disputes. While civil litigation can be long, complex, and  costly, arbitration provides a cheaper and efficient process to resolve  disputes in a timely manner.   Banning predispute arbitration agreements would mean Americans spend  more time in court with no guarantee of better outcomes. Banning  arbitration agreements during a time of significant inflation and in  the middle of a supply chain crisis will effectively lower Americans'  income.   While larger companies may be able to deal with the expense of a slew  of new lawsuits, this change will cause harm to smaller businesses that  may not survive lengthy and costly litigation battles.   Because postdispute arbitrations are rare, banning arbitration  agreements will flood the court system. For one thing, some claims that  are addressed through arbitration now may be individualized, making  them unsuitable for class treatment.   Even where claims can't be combined, a plaintiff may still be worse  off as a class member than he would be with the claim in arbitration.  This is because the benefits of arbitration, particularly lower  litigation costs, coincide with lower revenue for others, such as trial  lawyers.   Banning certain predispute arbitration clauses and similar policy  will benefit trial lawyers, not necessarily consumers.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this legislation.    Madam Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, instead of setting one standard and having everyone  play by the same rules, the Democrats have singled out the unions for  favorable treatment.   This legislation bans predispute arbitration for nonunion employees  while preserving these benefits for union employees. This discrepancy  makes no sense and, unfortunately, smacks of political favoritism.   Arbitration offers a faster and cheaper path to resolution of a  dispute. Taking this path away from nonunion employees leaves these  workers to the mercy of--like we said earlier--the high-priced trial  lawyers, while union workers maintain the benefit of arbitration.   My amendment would remove this carve-out for union employees and  restore parity between union and nonunion workers.   My colleagues on the other side of the aisle already shut down my  amendment to limit attorneys' fees to a reasonable amount so that  consumers are protected. I am disappointed by that. They also rejected  my amendment to reduce the cost of this bill by exempting contracts for  critical supplies that have been affected by the Biden administration's  supply chain crisis.   Madam Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support this commonsense  amendment to protect workers, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I inform the gentleman from New York  that we have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I would simply urge my colleagues to  support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   