 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Lower Food  and Fuel Costs Act.   Across the country, workers are calling out sick because of COVID,  truck deliveries and other shipments are facing delays, and people are  panic-buying, all leading to product shortages and soaring prices.   Yet, while we know the COVID-19 pandemic has undoubtedly challenged  our Nation's supply chain, we also know there are systemic imbalances  in our economy. Decreased competition, driven by market concentration,  has allowed companies to further drive up costs and their profits at  the expense of hardworking Americans in one of our most vulnerable  moments.   In the beef-processing market, for example, four dominant companies  control 85 percent of the market. The four largest poultry processing  companies made up more than half of the market in 2015, up from 35  percent of the market in 1986.   We have seen this trend all across our economy, as large corporations  have squeezed out independent businesses, eliminating competition. As a  result, hardworking Americans throughout this country are paying more  as food prices skyrocket, particularly for meat.   Provisions included in the Lower Food and Fuel Costs Act will help us  tackle this very issue and help bring prices down across the board.   The Meat and Poultry Special Investigator Act and the Butcher Block  Act, for example, will help strengthen our investigatory and  enforcement tools to address market competition issues while also  investing in additional meat processing capacity.   The PRECISE Act will improve farming efficiency and help ensure  farmers' resiliency to future disruptions in fertilizer supply.   The Renewable Fuel Infrastructure Investment and Market Expansion Act  and the Year-Round Fuel Choice Act will help drive down prices at the  pump for Americans and increase available fuel supply.   These are just a few of the provisions in this comprehensive package  that will help ease the economic burden on American families and help  create an economy that works for all of us.   I urge my colleagues to come together to help hardworking Americans  by driving down these costs and supporting this legislation.   