 Mr. Speaker, I listened last night to President Biden's  press conference, and I was disappointed that he felt the Republicans  did not want to work with him.   I would like to open the door, first of all, to working together to  balance the budget. We don't consider it a goal of ours to race to get  to $30 trillion in debt.   Please, Mr. Biden, convene a group of Republicans and Democrats.  Let's work together to balance the budget.   Secondly, prior to you taking office, it was routine that about  20,000 people per month came across the border. Now, we are at over  80,000.   I secondly ask that we convene a bipartisan group to get back down to  20,000 a month to cross the border.   Finally, at the time President Trump was President, he was given a  cocktail which cured his COVID illness almost immediately. That  cocktail should be available to all Americans.   I, again, encourage a joint conference with us to get together and  cure the people who get COVID.   Finally, Mr. President, stop being so divisive and screaming racism  right and left. It does no good for this body to constantly call  racism.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I have always felt the 1960s was where America went off  the rails. Of course, Roe v. Wade wasn't decided in exactly the 1960s,  but the 1960s really, I think, began with the assassination of  President Kennedy. You would say the end of that disastrous decade was  January 22, 1973, where the Supreme Court decided that abortion was  legal in the United States of America. Just a disaster.   Since then, 63 million unborn children have died in every State. Ten  years before that, abortion would have been considered illegal. All  churches would have been appalled by it, and all Americans knew it was  just a horrible thing. But then, in an example of out-of-control  judiciary, probably the most extreme example in our country, the U.S.  Supreme Court came in and began a reign in which 63 million unborn  children have lost their lives.   The U.S. is one of seven countries where late-term abortions are  illegal. We stand with Vietnam, North Korea, Red China, together with  Singapore, Canada, and the Netherlands. We are one of the few countries  in the world, after all God has given us, that we decide to step up and  say it is appropriate to kill a child right up to birth.   In any event, today, we mourn the anniversary of Roe v. Wade. We look  forward to leaving this Chamber and marching in the March for Life, as  we hope that this is finally--given that there is an important Supreme  Court decision coming down--finally the end, or the beginning of the  end, of this ongoing slaughter of the innocent in the United States.   