 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be allowed  to speak for up to 5 minutes, followed by the Senator from Montana,  Senator Tester, for up to 5 minutes, prior to the scheduled rollcall  votes.    Mr. President, thank you for the opportunity to address  the U.S. Senate and the American people.   In a few moments, the Senate will vote on the Tester-Moran Sergeant  First Class Heath Robinson Honoring our PACT Act.   For far too long--way far too long--our Nation's veterans have been  living with chronic illnesses as a result of exposures during their  time in uniform. Today, we are continuing to take the steps necessary  to right this wrong with our legislation that will provide veterans and  their families with the healthcare and benefits that they have earned  and that they deserve.    In March, Secretary McDonough testified before our committee, the  Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs, and he stated that the House  toxic exposure bill needed additional work before being brought to the  full Senate for a vote. Because of the improvements we have made in the  House bill, the VA Secretary yesterday told our committee that he can  now ``certify'' this legislation will be implemented without negative  operational impacts on existing disability claims and healthcare for  veterans.   All along, I have had concern about the consequences of this  legislation and the volume of cases that the VA will now encounter,  what it may mean for those veterans as well as veterans who need VA  care and benefits who are not toxic-exposed. Secretary McDonough  yesterday went on to say: ``We're ready for it, we've been preparing  for this. . . . I think we can do this and do it well and in all cases  do it transparently.''   While I appreciate the Secretary's assurance, our committee must  continue its oversight of the VA and make certain that this bill is  implemented correctly and that all those with toxic exposure and all  veterans can rely upon the system for benefits and for healthcare. We  still have our work cut out as a Congress, as a Senate, to make sure  that the promises that are made in this bill are promises that are kept  and that the promises that are made to other veterans are kept.   This bill is designed to fix a broken system that has been cobbled  together over decades of patchwork fixes. Congress has been trying to  solve these problems. The Department of Veterans Affairs has been  trying to solve these problems. Finally, we bring together a solution  that should make things significantly better for many.   While I continue to insist my GOP colleagues should be allowed to  offer and debate and to vote on amendments, it is time to advance the  Tester-Moran substitute and bring us one step closer to connecting all  generations of toxic-exposed veterans with the care they need and they  deserve and to provide veterans with certainty and support.   I yield the floor.   