 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New York  (Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney), the distinguished chairwoman of the  committee and my friend, and I thank the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr.  Comer), the distinguished ranking member and my friend for bringing  this bill to the floor.   With respect to Mr. Comer's comments, I just say, ``Hear, hear.'' He  has succinctly explained both the process and the importance of this  bill.   This is the sixth time the House will have passed this bill in some  form. The Senate has yet to ever consider it on the floor. As Mr. Comer  indicated, the time has now come for the Senate to accept a bill that  has been worked out with the Senate in terms of the language so that we  can get this important piece of Federal IT into law.   This bill would create a statutory framework for the Federal Risk and  Authorization Management Program, known as FedRAMP, originally  established administratively back in 2011. This bill will codify  FedRAMP and was the very first bill, as Mr. Comer indicated, to pass  the House in the 117th Congress. It passed, I believe, unanimously.   If once again passed, this will be, as I said, I believe, the sixth  time we have considered it here in the House of Representatives.   FedRAMP is a standardized approach that brings our government in line  with our increasingly digital world to continually certify and assess  the security of cloud computing technologies used across the Federal  Government.   FedRAMP seeks to reduce the redundancies of Federal cloud migration  by creating a ``certify once, reuse many times'' model for cloud  products and services that provide cost-effective, risk-based  approaches to cloud adoption. FedRAMP saw a 50 percent increase in  agencies reusing authorized cloud products in 2020.   This bill codifies FedRAMP and addresses many of the concerns raised  by government and industry stakeholders in terms of both the time and  cost associated with certification. The text reduces duplication of  security assessments and other obstacles to agency adoption of cloud  products by establishing a presumption of adequacy for cloud  technologies that have already received FedRAMP certification, so  companies aren't reinventing the wheel and spending millions of dollars  they don't need to.   I support a strong cybersecurity framework that ensures whatever tool  we use to support the infrastructure of our Federal critical systems is  safe and secure. Again, referenced by Mr. Comer. However, those who  have already diligently passed scrupulous security assessments  shouldn't have to start from scratch, and this bill addresses that.   For more than 5 years, I have worked with administrations, both  Democratic and Republican, Members on the other side of the aisle,  industry stakeholders, and my friends in the U.S. Senate to ensure the  legislative text makes needed improvements to the FedRAMP program and  gives the program flexibility to grow and adapt to myriad future  changes.   Since the coronavirus pandemic, the demand for cloud services has  risen by 85 percent. Accordingly, FedRAMP use skyrocketed and enabled  the government to continue working securely during the government's  large-scale movement to telework.   In the first 4 years of FedRAMP, the program had only authorized 20  cloud service offerings, but by 2021 it had authorized 240. Today,  there are over 280 cloud service providers to the U.S. Government  participating in FedRAMP, and about 30 percent of FedRAMP authorized  CSPs are small businesses. Over 180 agencies participate in FedRAMP and  have initiated more than 3,000 agency reuses of authorized products.   Today, the Agency Liaison Program, which provides FedRAMP  authorization, education, and training currently has 155 liaisons with  82 different Federal Government departments participating.   Ultimately, this program strives to have at least one representative  from each Federal agency tied to the security authorization who can  communicate to key stakeholders about their agency's internal processes  as well as FedRAMP requirements.   The bill supports a critical need to support multistakeholder  communication and keep our Nation's information secure in cloud  environments.   Enabling the efficient and secure procurement of cloud computing  technology is an important part of Federal IT modernization. Codifying  FedRAMP into law is very important because right now it exists as an  orphan only by an executive action.   I thank the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Comer), the ranking member  of the Oversight and Reform Committee, for being a steadfast partner,  and I thank our chairwoman for her leadership.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished chairwoman of  our committee for yielding, and I thank Mr. Comer, the ranking member,  and Mr. Hice, the ranking member of Government Operations Subcommittee,  for their support and collaboration on an improved H.R. 8466, the  Suthammanont Healthy Workforce Act of 2022.   On May 26, 2022, Chai Suthammanont, my constituent, a kitchen staff  worker at a childcare facility at the Marine Corps Base in Quantico,  Virginia, died from coronavirus-related complications. Chai was a  loving father and husband and a proud naturalized American. Chai was  known for his kindness and his patience. He had a unique handshake he  shared with many of the kids at the childcare facility where he worked.  His death was a tragedy felt by so many.   Confusion and uncertainty emerged as two of the largest contributing  factors to Chai's death. The Federal Government did not yet have any  protocols in place--or guidance, for that matter--intended to protect  him and others.   We are emerging from the pandemic, but new strains of infectious  diseases and other potential health emergencies demand that the Federal  Government prepare to adapt and continue operations and the mission  across many challenges. Our government must embrace lessons learned  from the pandemic; some of them learned through tragic losses such as  Chai's.   Federal agencies must place the health and safety of Federal  employees at the forefront of their plans and operations while  continuing to provide vital services to the public, ensuring continuity  of operations.   Since the beginning of the pandemic, our subcommittee has held three  hearings focused on the future of Federal work, which include  prioritizing the health and safety of our workforce.   Some simple truths emerged during these deliberations.   One, our Federal workforce is comprised of dedicated civil servants  who didn't stop delivering mail, serving veterans, approving and  distributing vaccines, and ensuring businesses received essential  financial assistance.   Two, the Federal workforce needs agencies to invest in proper  information technology, training, and protective equipment before  another public health crisis occurs.   Three, agencies need clearly communicated, publicly available  policies and guidance that let their employees and the public know how  to ensure a safe and healthy continuity of operations.   Last year, this committee marked up a previous version of the bill  that covered the COVID-19 pandemic. This new bill prepares the Federal  workforce, as the distinguished ranking member indicated, for the  potential nationwide public health emergencies of tomorrow.   The bill requires each Federal agency to establish a plan to describe  public health protocols, including, but not limited to, testing,  identification, notification of individuals who may have been exposed  to the pathogen; cleaning; occupancy limits; use of personal protective  equipment; protections for employees whose work requires them to travel  offsite; and ensuring the continuity of operations for the agency.   The bill would also require each agency's Office of Inspector General  to report on the extent each agency has, in fact, implemented the plan  and the Government Accountability Office to report on the lessons  learned from the pandemic.    This bill is endorsed by the American Federation of Government  Employees, International Federation of Professional and Technical  Engineers, the  [[Page H8143]]  National Active and Retired Federal Employees Association, the National  Federation of Federal Employees, the National Treasury Employees Union,  the Professional Managers Association, the Senior Executives  Association, among many other organizations.   Federal employees are a great asset for our Nation. We must work to  ensure their well-being and protection in difficult times such as  these.   Mr. Speaker, I again thank the chairwoman, who is the original  cosponsor of this legislation, as well as my colleagues, especially Mr.  Comer and Mr. Hice, for making this a strong bipartisan effort.   Mr. Speaker, I particularly salute Chai's widow, Christina, for her  continued efforts in honoring her late husband's memory.   