 Madam Chair, I rise in strong support of  H.R. 5118, the Wildfire Response and Drought Resiliency Act.   Our communities have been hit hard by wildfires year after year.  During the 2017 wildfire season, 44 people were killed and nearly 5,000  people lost their homes. Five years later, our communities are still  rebuilding.   We made significant investments in the Infrastructure Investment and  Jobs Act to fight and prepare for wildfires.   The Wildfire Response and Drought Resiliency Act is another step  towards providing our communities with the resources we need to combat  wildfires and reduce drought.   I am particularly pleased to see my language requesting information  from the Department of Agriculture on crop losses due to natural  disasters included in this bill.   Given the prolonged drought conditions and the constant threat of  wildfire and smoke exposure, we already know that many of our growers  will need disaster assistance for 2022 losses.   The information we request from USDA will help inform my work to  reauthorize the Emergency Relief Program for 2022 losses.   This bill includes a crucial cost share adjustment and establishes a  minimum basic pay and hiring authorities for federal wildland  firefighters--providing necessary resources to those who put their  lives on the line to save our lives and homes.   This bill provides authorization for the pre-deployment of resources  during red flag warnings similar to how we prepare resources in advance  of oncoming hurricanes.   This bill also includes provisions from the FEED Act, legislation I  was proud to introduce, allowing local restaurants to partner with the  government to distribute healthy food to wildfire victims during their  time of need.   As we continue to address the climate crisis, I will continue to do  everything I can to ensure our communities have the resources they need  to prevent and recover from the fires that continue to threaten our  homes and livelihoods every year.   I urge a yes vote on this bill.   Ms. DeGette. Madam Chair, studies show that when our environmental  laws are broken our poorest communities disproportionately pay the  price. Communities such as Globeville and Elyria-Swansea--two  predominantly Hispanic neighborhoods in my district--are being  inundated by the pollution coming from the highways, railyard and  industrial plants around them.   The problem is: While EPA monitors each of these sources  individually, they don't consider the cumulative health impact that all  of these sources combined can have on nearby residents.   The legislation I included in this bill will change that. It will  require EPA, for the first time, to address the cumulative effect of  multiple sources of nearby pollution. It will also require EPA to  identify 100 of the most heavily polluted communities in the country  and ensure the laws put in place to protect them are being enforced.   Ensuring ``Environmental Justice'' for all Americans needs to be more  than just a catchphrase, it should be our collective mission. I urge  all of my colleagues to support this bill.   