 Madam President, confidence in our elections is vital to  self-governance, and voting is a fundamental right. This is something  that Democrats and Republicans can agree on.   Article I, section 4 of the Constitution states that ``Times, Places  and Manner'' of congressional elections ``shall be prescribed by the  States.''   Over the last year, my Democratic colleagues have introduced and  tried to pass several versions of what they call voting rights  legislation--the For the People Act and the Freedom to Vote Act. But  these wholesome titles are seriously misleading. The bills are partisan  power grabs that will give the Federal Government unprecedented power  over our elections and weaken the ability of State legislatures to  administer their own election laws.   Federalizing election procedures would export traditional State  authority to the Federal Government and defer decisions on how citizens  elect their congressional representatives to Congress. This is  inherently less responsive and less accountable.    This legislation would undermine State legislatures by sending  taxpayer dollars to political candidates for the House of  Representatives, weaken popular State voter ID laws, and make updating  rolls more difficult.   According to a Gallup poll, 80 percent of Americans support voter ID  laws. Yet, under this legislation, States would be required to accept  essentially any document that includes a person's name as a valid form  of ID. If you wanted to dispel the notion that voter fraud occurs in  our elections, this is not a good start.   One-size-fits-all solutions--the approach the Democrats are pushing-- is completely unfit for Kansas and for the country.   Perhaps even more alarming--and this is the point that I would make  more strongly than what I just said--more alarming than this Federal  election takeover is the Democrats' proposed means of passing it.   President Biden and Majority Leader Schumer, realizing the  limitations of their slimmest possible majority in the Senate, have  advocated for weakening the legislative filibuster, the ability for the  Senate to debate legislation until a 60-vote threshold is met.   Ironically, Democrats utilized the filibuster vote margin just last  week to block sanctions on Russia's Nord Stream 2 Pipeline, making use  of the same 60-vote threshold they are so determined to demonize.   The filibuster protects the minority. It doesn't necessarily mean  Republicans or Democrats. It may mean just somebody with an odd idea.  It may mean rural, where I come from, or urban, where other Members of  the Senate come from. It may mean the ability for a Member of the  Senate to speak on behalf of his or her constituents and advocate for  their views. It allows every Senator to have the opportunity to garner  more information, to seek out sponsors of a bill, to have  conversations, and to pull people together before we decide on how to  proceed on legislation. But the filibuster does more than that. It  forces us--I am sorry it is necessary to force us, but it forces us to  work together.   Freedoms and liberties are protected by process. In today's world,  too many people want the outcome regardless of how the process works.  That process is called the Constitution of the United States. And in  our case, there are rules in the U.S. Senate that require a 60-vote for  legislation to be considered and passed by the U.S. Senate.   In the circumstances that those are eroded, those process issues--I  really want to highlight it again. It bothers me so much that in so  many circumstances, we set aside process because we want an end result.  But in doing so, we erode the personal freedoms of Kansans and all  Americans, and those freedoms and liberties are diminished as a result.   I would say it is unusual for me to have as many of my colleagues on  the floor as there are today while I speak, and in this case, most are  Democrats. I would say that if we want to change the U.S. Senate--and I  am a critic of the way we do business here. I never enjoyed serving in  the U.S. Senate in which it worked well.   If we wanted to do something that would actually make a difference as  opposed to changing the process by which we consider legislation, how  about having committees that actually do their work; how about having  hearings and markups and debate? Give me the chance--give all of my  colleagues a chance to participate in this democracy of developing  legislation.   But how many times have I voted on things that are garnered, put  together, patchworked together, created by the leadership of the Senate  or the leadership of the House or working together, a bill that is  proposed by the White House? I want to have ownership. Even if I don't  get my way, at least I had the opportunity, and it is the committee  process that allows us to do that.   Instead of fixing something as fundamental as the Congress of the  United States and having committees at work, we are going to change the  process by which we can get to a bill or pass a bill and reduce the  role that people who have different ideas play in that outcome.   Give me ownership of legislation through a committee process. Don't  take away my ability to better represent Kansans and Americans and  people in the minority by changing the 60-vote rule.   Americans voted for a Congress that is nearly a 50-50 split between  the parties in the House and a precisely 50-50 split in the Senate. I  don't think Americans voted to give one party free rein to implement an  unprecedented power grab to nationalize elections and fundamentally  reshape the way the Senate passes legislation.   Thankfully, there is bipartisan opposition to weakening the  filibuster. A majority of Senators agree it would bring about massive  uncertainty for Americans who don't want to be subjected to the  dramatic political swings when one election occurs and one party is in  power and then the next party is in power.   There is so much uncertainty because there was never the consensus to  build a 60-vote margin for a piece of legislation.   We must have confidence in our elections. It matters. I want everyone  who is legally entitled to vote to be able to vote. I understand that  voting is a fundamental right, but Kansans know what is best for  Kansans, and congressional Democrats would be wise not to underestimate  our resolve in making our own determinations.   I yield the floor.   