 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to talk about  the need for more American energy.   Since his first day in office, Joe Biden has been on a war--an all- out war--against American energy.   In his very first week in office, he stopped all new leases of oil  and gas on public lands. That was completely illegal for the President  to do that. A few months later, a Federal court told the President that  what he had done was illegal.   The law states that the American people may explore for energy on  Federal lands, and the law calls for ways that it can be done. So here  we are now, 15 months into the Biden administration, and, finally, Joe  Biden has grudgingly agreed to follow the law. He is going to sell a  bare minimum of leases to obey the court order.   So how much is a bare minimum? Well, for the entire State of Utah--my  neighboring State--they are only offering one single parcel to the  entire State. And at the same time, Joe Biden is raising the cost of  American energy production to the point that he is raising Federal  royalty rates on the energy produced on that Federal land by 50  percent.   When we produce less American energy, the American people end up  paying more for the energy they use. This is Joe Biden's economy in a  nutshell, the economy that has given us the highest cost inflation in  40 years.   In the last hundred years, no President has ever raised these royalty  fees for producing American energy until Joe Biden. It just shows that  when it comes to energy, Joe Biden is further to the left of any  previous American President.   So who is going to pay for these higher fees on Joe Biden's attack on  American energy? People understand it. They know that they are going to  be the ones who are going to have to pay for it, and often it is the  people who can least afford it in our home States and across the  country.   These higher costs for American energy--thanks to Joe Biden--are  going to be paid for by working families, people who are already  struggling to keep up and falling further behind in Joe Biden's  economy. Producing less, raising costs--it is the perfect recipe for  more inflation.   As I was coming down to the floor, I walked by a TV screen. The  bottom screen shot said: ``Joe Biden's approval rating hits an alltime  low.'' It seems to be happening all the time, week after week, month  after month, continuing to fall in the polls because the American  people are distressed and in pain over what this President and what the  Democrats in the House and the Senate are doing to the people of this  great country. Doing the bare minimum, this President may satisfy the  courts, but it is not enough to satisfy or save struggling families.   To stop this inflation nightmare, we need a long-term commitment to  producing more American energy. Energy companies aren't going to invest  if they think--and Joe Biden tells them and threatens them--that he  wants to shut them down tomorrow. That is exactly, though, what he  continues to talk about doing.   So just last week, after the President gave a speech and said: Well,  we need to at least do these leases, his climate czar, Gina McCarthy--I  guess she must really be the one who is running the show down there in  the White House. This is after the President of the United States made  a speech about what he says we are going to do, you know. ``Pay no  attention,'' she says, ``to the President.'' She said he is  ``absolutely committed to not moving forward with additional drilling  on public lands.'' Who is calling the shots? She said: ``We had no  choice but to follow the court ruling.''   Then they asked the Press Secretary. She said last week: ``We are  going to continue to fight this court [ruling]''--continue to fight-- ``that is forcing our hand.''   They are going to continue to fight the American people all the way  to the ballot box in November, where the American people say, we have  had enough of this stuff.   Then there is Joe Biden's climate czar, John Kerry, former Member of  this body, former Secretary of State. Here is just a couple of things  that he has had to say recently. He said, ``We have to put the [natural  gas] industry on notice.'' He said, ``You've got [no more than] six  years, eight years, no more than 10 years,'' he said. He said, ``by  2030 in the United States, we will not have coal plants.'' He says,  ``We will have to be phasing out coal plants five times faster'' than  we are doing now.   These are people who are not committed to affordable energy. These  are people who are not committed to the fight against inflation. These  are people who are not committed to the American people and the  American families who go to work every day, try to put food on the  table, try to get their kids to school. Oh, no.   And what does John Kerry, then--who does he have to praise? Well, he  praised the energy policy of the State of California. Which State has  the highest energy cost in America? California. That is the Biden  administration telling the American people, we want you to be like  California. We want you to pay even more than you are paying now.   Joe Biden and the environmental extremist who the President obeys are  [[Page S2180]]  doing everything they can to undermine investment in American energy.  It is time for this White House to stop this war on American energy.   The White House cannot get by--this country cannot get by when the  White House does the bare minimum. This White House should be doing  everything that we can to produce more American energy, bring down the  costs for American families.   Joe Biden needs to open up public lands for energy production. The  Federal lands are the property of the American people. We have the  resources. We have it in our country. We have it in the ground right  now. This is a solution to the inflation crisis that is hitting  families all across the country.    There is no excuse for this administration to continue to block the  American people from developing the resources that we have in order to  bring down the costs, improve their lives.   Joe Biden needs to approve the 4,600 drilling permit applications he  currently has sitting on his desk. He needs to speed up the process for  pipeline permits, not crush them. And he needs to stop attacking  American energy workers. These workers, these are the people who keep  the lights on in this country. These people are those who keep the  economy running. These hard workers deserve our support. They deserve  our gratitude. They don't deserve the way they are being treated by  this administration and this President. These are the people who can  help us get out of this crisis that Joe Biden has created.   The American people are fed up with Joe Biden making excuses and  dragging his feet. It is what I saw while walking here to the Senate  floor on the television screen today: ``Joe Biden's approval rating  hits an alltime low.''   The American people want and demand real solutions. What they deserve  is more American energy. And unless this administration wakes up and  delivers that, those alltime low approval ratings of this President are  going to get even worse.   I yield the floor.   