 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Everyone wants to stop mass public shooters, but we haven't  previously punished people merely on the basis of a hunch, and we  shouldn't start now.   Stopping future crimes doesn't work in the movies, and it doesn't  work in real life. What can work is providing mental healthcare and  counseling to those who need it.   If people truly pose a clear danger to themselves or others, they  should be confined to a mental health facility. Simply denying them the  legal right to buy a gun isn't a serious remedy.   Actually, it is already possible to take a dangerous person's guns  away, but Democrats are completely ignoring involuntary commitment laws  that are on the books in all 50 States, presently known as the Baker  Act in Florida or the 5150 code in California. These laws are different  than the ones that are proposed today in one very important aspect:  They involve due process.   What is the difference? In the existing involuntary commitment laws,  known as the Baker Act, there is a mental healthcare expert involved;  there is no such thing in the red flag laws. There is the ability to  challenge your accuser to have a day in court before your rights are  deprived; there is no such opportunity in the red flag laws. You get an  attorney appointed to you if you can't afford it; no such thing in the  red flag laws in many of the States. There are predawn raids that  endanger the lives, not just of the person we are worried about but of  the officers who are tasked with carrying out the raid.    Red flag laws could actually increase the rate of homicide and  suicide. Simply talking to other people about your healthcare issues  and your mental health could help you overcome it, but people will be  reluctant to do that if red flag laws are in place.   Red flag laws have already created thousands of second-class citizens  who no longer have the ability to purchase a firearm for defense in the  States that have red flag laws. If this passes today, there will be  millions of second-class citizens created in this country who have been  deprived of due process and the Second Amendment.   