 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, when it comes to addressing the many  challenges facing America today, the Biden administration's preferred  strategy is to blame someone else.   President Biden has tried to blame the previous administration for  the supply chain challenges, and he has also tried to blame the  administration for his deadly and dangerous withdrawal from Afghanistan  in a precipitous fashion, which our friends and allies simply were left  to read about it or hear about it in the newspaper and hustle to get  their own people out of Afghanistan, as we were as well.   And now we are seeing the blame game being played out again on the  border. Last week, Secretary Mayorkas, the Secretary of Homeland  Security, claimed the administration inherited, in his words, ``a  broken and dismantled system,'' a defense we have heard before.   Now, there is no question that our immigration system is in need of  reform. As a matter of fact, we have been working on that the entire  time I have been in the U.S. Senate. But as I have said before, we  never fail to fail when it comes to fixing our broken immigration  system.   But the fact of the matter is the Biden administration is playing on  the same field as previous administrations. Presidential authorities  haven't changed. Congress hasn't passed sweeping reforms that make it  difficult to enforce our laws at the border. Yet, here we are,  experiencing record levels of illegal immigration into the United  States.   Just to provide some historical context for how bad President Biden's  first year in office stacks up against previous administrations,  consider this: During the first year of the Obama administration, an  average of 44,000 migrants were apprehended each month--that is each  month--along the southwestern border. During the first year of the  Trump administration, that number was cut in half because the Trump  administration had different policies with regard to removing people  who were illegally coming across the border, or if they were claiming  asylum, making them wait until their claims were ruled on by an  immigration judge in Mexico rather than being welcomed into the United  States and never to be heard from again.   So 44,000 a month for the Obama administration; 20,000 a month for  the Trump administration. But during the first year of the Biden  administration, numbers took off like a rocket.   An average of 176,000 migrants were apprehended at the southern  border each month. One more time: 44,000 for President Obama; 20,000  for President Trump; 176,000 for President Biden. That is nearly nine  times as many migrants as we were seeing just 4 years ago.   Again, Congress hasn't passed any major laws that have caused this  dramatic increase. President Biden has the same authorities as the  previous administrations. He has been in office for more than a year  and has had plenty of opportunity to use the authorities Congress has  given him to address this humanitarian and national security and public  safety crisis.    He has even had plenty of time to work with Congress to pass  bipartisan bills, like my Bipartisan Border Solutions Act, which I  introduced with Senator Sinema. And we now have a number of bipartisan  cosponsors, and it was filed in the House with bipartisan support as  well--Henry Cuellar, a Laredo Democrat, and Tony Gonzales from the  largest contiguous border district in Texas and in the country--a  Republican.   So we introduced this bill. We laid it out for the administration,  thinking that maybe, just maybe, if their poll numbers got bad enough,  they would be looking for a lifeline, they would be looking for a way  out.   But the Biden administration has shown zero interest. The President  has even threatened to end the use of title 42, which is a public  health law that gave the Border Patrol some tools to repel illegal  immigration by single adult males.   The Border Patrol told me a long time ago, even toward the end of the  Trump administration, during the middle of the pandemic, that if they  lost use of title 42 as a means to control immigration--admittedly not  something that it was designed for but something they were able to use  it for--they would lose control of the border completely.   So far we have heard no suggestions by President Biden what he  intends to do. We know title 42 won't be there forever. COVID won't be  a pandemic forever. But what we would like to know--and I think what  the American people deserve to know--is what they are going to do in  terms of enforcing the law of the land once title 42 goes away.   Well, last week, Secretary Mayorkas released what he called the  ``Department of Homeland Security Plan for Southwest Border Security  and Preparedness.''   Well, this plan is largely a recycled and repackaged version of the  same vague promises that we have heard all along--bolstering resources,  increasing efficiency, and administering consequences for unlawful  entry.   Even the portion of this proposal that includes specifics, such as  increasing the use of expedited removal, are completely unrealistic. In  order to use expedited removal--and that is the means by which the  Border Patrol encounters someone and says: You can't come into the  United States and will be removed--you have to have enough manpower to  process migrants and enough space to keep them in custody until that  can happen.   Without detention space, the promise of using expedited removal is a  hollow one. Given the current pace of migration and the amount of beds  that Customs and Border Protection has to detain people who are subject  to expedited removal, given the current pace, the number of beds is a  mathematical impossibility.   Secretary Mayorkas said the Department of Homeland Security has  increased the number of beds in Customs and Border Protection  facilities and can now hold approximately 18,000 people.   Again, under the Biden administration, we have seen 176,000 people a  month coming across the border. Secretary Mayorkas is bragging about  18,000 detention beds. Obviously, those beds would fill up quickly and  be overwhelmed.   In March, an average of 7,000 migrants crossed the border every day.  The administration has predicted that if title 42 is lifted, which it  has attempted to do and still intends to do so, that number could reach  12,000 to 18,000 migrants every day--12,000 to 18,000 every day. And,  obviously, all of those 18,000 beds for detention facilities would fill  up in a single day.   That is why I believe that this plan is not worth the paper it is  written on unless the administration actually follows up to execute it;  and, clearly, we are not seeing action, and, clearly, the arithmetic  doesn't work for Secretary Mayorkas's plan. They are going to have to  engage in the same sort of  [[Page S2237]]  catch-and-release game which the human smugglers and the drug cartels  have been playing on for the foreseeable past. And particularly now,  they know that they can continue to overwhelm the resources at the  border, and then the drug cartels run drugs into the country. And those  will then be distributed by criminal gangs in every major city in  America. So this plan is not worth the paper it is written on. It  clearly won't solve the problem.   Administration officials can blame someone else as long as they want,  but it is clear the American people aren't falling for it.   We saw, in the last couple of days, President Biden's own pollster  said one of the reasons his poll numbers are so bad is because of the  chaos and dangers associated with the border.   What we are seeing--and what the American people plainly see--is a  complete and intentional policy breakdown that is the sole  responsibility of the Biden administration. And these failures come  with serious consequences for the American people.   When thousands of migrants are coming across the border every day,  Border Patrol doesn't have the time to deter illegal immigration and  dangerous gang members and other criminals from coming across the  border.   Here is why. Several months ago, I visited Del Rio's Border Patrol  Sector and spoke with a group of about 30 Border Patrol agents at the  muster. When they were asked to raise their hand if they would be  working out in the field--that is, on the border--not a single hand  went up. These men and women who would normally be out on the  frontlines stopping dangerous criminals and dangerous drugs from  sneaking across the border are going to be tied up in paperwork with  bogus asylum claims and administering these programs like this new  program that Director Mayorkas is bragging about.   Because of the huge surge of migrants, we are going to continue to  see the Border Patrol wrapped up in administrative duties like  paperwork, watching unaccompanied children, and transporting migrants,  and they will not be on the frontlines in this war that we are seeing  play out, particularly the drug war playing out on our border.   When the Border Patrol is taking care of an unaccompanied child, they  can't be on the frontlines. If they are knee-deep in paperwork, they  can't identify and stop dangerous individuals and drugs from coming  across the border, and the drug cartels know it. As a matter of fact,  this is part of their game plan. Flood the border with so many people  that the Border Patrol can't manage it, divert them from their law  enforcement function and turn them into babysitters for unaccompanied  children, and then the drug cartels will move their poison across as if  they have established a four-lane highway. This is a dangerous  situation that is putting our entire country at risk.   Criminal gangs that are located in every major city in the United  States, including Chicago and cities in Texas, are the distribution  networks for the drugs that are brought across by the drug cartels.  They see the gaps created by fewer officers on the frontline, and they  are taking advantage.   So we not only see foreign gang members, we also see a network of  domestic gang members who are engaged in violence, gun crimes,  robberies, and other crimes that have threatened the safety of people  in our cities across the country. But we also see dangerous criminals  coming across the border itself.   Last week, I spoke about a string of arrests that the Border Patrol  in the Rio Grande Valley Sector accomplished. Border Patrol arrested  half-a-dozen gang members in less than a week's time. Some of these  individuals were members of the notorious MS-13, a brutal criminal  organization whose motto translates into, roughly, ``kill, rape,  control.'' These are the types of individuals who are making their way  across the border when the Border Patrol is busy filling out paperwork  or taking care of unaccompanied children and unable to perform their  law enforcement functions.   MS-13 is one of the most dangerous gangs on the planet. They have  been known to kill their victims using knives, machetes, and baseball  bats. In one murder in California, the victim's heart was cut out. Five  years ago, an MS-13 member had a dispute with a high school student. A  group of gang members kidnapped the young man, cut off his hands, and  then killed him. Stopping members of MS-13 and other international  criminal gangs from reaching the United States should be a public  safety imperative.   American families are already deeply concerned about violent crime in  our country, with the boneheaded idea of defunding the police and the  blame game when it comes to law enforcement, making it harder for  police to be hired and retained by law enforcement agencies across the  country. Criminals are having a heyday. Crime has spiked in virtually  every major city across the country. I believe it is a combination of  both the drugs that are trafficked by those criminal gangs as well as  the impression that we don't respect and honor the public safety  function performed by our local police departments. But to my point  here, we can't allow the southern border to act as a corridor for more  violent criminals to reach our communities.   While overall border encounters skyrocketed in 2021, the number of  gang members apprehended by Border Patrol actually decreased. Now, you  might think that maybe that is a good thing, but you would be wrong,  because last year alone, Border Patrol estimates that there were as  many as 300,000 what they call getaways. In other words, if the Border  Patrol is tied up with paperwork or babysitting or transporting  migrants and is no longer on the border, they don't know who is coming  across the border, but they guesstimated it was as many as 300,000  getaways in the last fiscal year alone. So the fact that we haven't  been able to count more gang members this year is hardly an encouraging  picture given the status quo.    The Border Patrol has told us explicitly that gang members exploit  migration surges in order to evade arrest. In other words, record  levels of migration provide excellent cover for gang members and other  criminals. They can either try to blend in with a larger group or they  can identify and exploit the security gaps created by the Border  Patrol's processing or caring for other migrants. Sadly, both practices  are common these days.   When we look at all this data, there is one really important point  that we need to remember. These are just the ones we know about. They  don't include the getaways. They don't include the other dangerous  criminals who have successfully snuck into our country or how many who  were caught and then released because their gang affiliation was not  yet known by law enforcement. We would much rather stop these criminals  at the border than wait for them to reach our communities and endanger  our families.   In addition to the great work already being done by law enforcement  generally, there are initiatives like Project Safe Neighborhoods at the  Department of Justice. This is one way that law enforcement is trying  to wage war against these criminal gangs who use guns to commit acts of  violence. It is a partnership between Federal, State, and local law  enforcement that uses data-driven, evidence-based, and trauma-informed  practices to reduce violent crime. But in order for them to be  successful, we have to stem the flow of people coming across the  border.   Programs like Project Safe Neighborhoods are exemplars of what law  enforcement can do if we just give them a chance, if we just give them  a level playing field to compete on rather than being overwhelmed by a  tsunami of gang members, criminals, and illegal drugs.   We have a responsibility to close the security gaps at the border to  prevent even more dangerous individuals and drugs from reaching our  communities, but again, based on the lack of interest expressed or  actions taken, the Biden administration doesn't seem to care. The  Border Patrol has made no secret of the fact that it lacks the  personnel, resources, and policies that only Congress can provide to  carry out their mission. Agents do not feel like the Biden  administration has their back, and it is for good reason.   Since President Biden took office, we have seen no meaningful action  to address the humanitarian and security crisis at the southern border.  The Biden administration has ignored the needs of Federal law  enforcement officers in order to appease, apparently,  [[Page S2238]]  part of its political base who doesn't believe that there should be any  border controls, who believes our borders should be open and are  oblivious to the danger that poses. So, make no mistake about it, this  is both a humanitarian and a security crisis, and the Biden  administration's refusal to act has only made things worse.   We know the American people see crime as a big problem, and there are  a lot of reasons for that, but the Biden administration needs to  address the security breakdown at the border because what is happening  there has made our communities even more dangerous.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   