 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Now, before I begin the substance of my remarks today, I  wanted to note how the Senate mourns the loss of one of its fine public  servants. Senator Orrin Hatch, the longest serving Republican in the  history of the Senate, the sixth longest serving Member ever, passed  away Saturday at the age of 88.  [[Page S2118]]    Senator Hatch was a friend, a respected colleague, and a legislator  of rare skill. In our 20 years serving together, our disagreements were  frequent. They often ran deep. But I always knew him to be a person of  good faith who put the needs of his State above all else.   While nobody ever mistook Senator Hatch for anything but a principled  conservative, to his credit, he was never afraid to work with his  Democratic colleagues when necessary to get things done, and he would  make compromises. I was in the room many times when it happened, and I  will always admire him for that.   The people of Utah lost a titan this weekend, one that will not  likely come through this Chamber again for a long time. My prayers and  condolences go to all of Senator Hatch's family and friends, especially  his wife, Elaine, and their six children and many, many grandchildren.   May he forever rest in peace, and we thank him for his lifetime of  public service.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to  consider Calendar No. 800.    Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to  consider Calendar No. 865.    Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to  consider Calendar No. 670.    Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Mr. President, finally, I ask unanimous consent that  [[Page S2121]]  the mandatory quorum calls for the cloture motions filed today, April  25, be waived.   