 Amen.    That is right. That is right.    Madam Vice President, we have been summoned here by  history. This is not just another routine day in the Senate. This is a  moral moment in America.   I recall the words of that great American patriot and prophet, Martin  Luther King, Jr., whose birthday all of us just observed. As he  agonized over the difficulty and complexity of that moral moment, Dr.  King said: ``History has thrust something upon me from which I cannot  turn away.'' We have been summoned here, all of us. We cannot turn  away.   This is no time for politics as usual. The times cry out for moral  leadership, for integrity, for empathy, and for care for one another,  for deep investment in the covenant that we have with one another as an  American people. ``E pluribus unum,'' out of many, one--what a grand  doctrine, what a noble idea, which our country has been striving to  reach with fits and starts with setbacks and comebacks since the day of  its founding.   This is one of those moments. We cannot turn away. We cannot hide  from history. And I am truly honored to stand here with all of you,  Democrats, Republicans, and Independents, in this moment. And on this,  my 365th day as a Member of the U.S. Senate, the most consequential  deliberative body on the planet, striving, again, for greatness.   I was elected from Georgia on January 5--what an honor to represent  the people of the State of Georgia and what a great Nation, a kid from  the Kayton Homes Housing Projects, the first college graduate in my  family of 12. My folks are both preachers. They read the Scriptures:  ``Be fruitful and multiply.'' But this kid who grew up in poverty is  now serving in the U.S. Senate, only the 11th Black Senator in the  whole history of our Nation. Also during that same time, Georgia also  elected its first Jewish Senator, my brother Jon Ossoff.    I believe that somewhere, in glory, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and  Rabbi Abraham Joshua Heschel are smiling because they marched together.  Rabbi  [[Page S333]]  Heschel said that when he marched with Dr. King, he felt like his legs  were praying.   So what a moment. I won after a hard-fought election, and the next  morning, I was feeling pretty good. My mother, who grew up in Waycross,  GA, picking cotton as a teenager, had joined with other Georgians in  record voter turnout, and the 82-year-old hands that used to pick  somebody else's cotton helped to pick her youngest son to be a U.S.  Senator. Only in America is my story even possible.   I was on several of the morning shows talking about what the people  of Georgia had achieved, and I was feeling pretty good that morning.  Man, I was on ``The View'' talking to Whoopi Goldberg. But by  lunchtime, the news alerts on my phone began to buzz. Something was  happening in the Capitol. And we all know the rest of that sad and  tragic story: a violent assault on our Nation's Capitol driven by the  Big Lie, ugly words, signs and symbols of racism and anti-Semitism, an  effort to stop the legal certification of an election.   In spite of those who want to hide, sadly, January 6 really did  happen, and we must face up to it. We cannot hide from history. January  6 happened. But here is the thing: January 5 also happened. Georgia, a  State in the old Confederacy, sent a Black man and a Jewish man to the  Senate in one fell swoop.   Our Nation has always had a complicated history, and I submit to you  that here is where we are. We are swinging from a moral dilemma. We are  caught somewhere between January 5 and January 6, between our hopes and  our fears, between bigotry and beloved community. In each moment, we  the people have to decide which way are we going to go and what we are  willing to sacrifice in order to get there.   The question today is, Are we going to give in to a violent attack  whose aim is now being pursued through partisan voter suppression laws  in State legislatures?   Sadly, Georgia, the same Georgia that sent me and my brother, Ossoff,  to the Senate--not the people of Georgia; partisan State politicians  have decided to punish their own citizens for having the audacity to  show up.   It isn't just about the restrictions around water and food  distribution. The more fundamental question is, Why are the lines so  long in the first place, and why is that the case in certain  communities?   I know that some Americans listening to me right now don't know what  we mean because that is not your experience, but it is the experience  of so many of your fellow Americans. We need empathy, compassion, care  for one another.   Why are local election officials working in Lincoln County, GA, to  close all but one polling location for a county that is bigger than 250  square miles? Why is the second most powerful legislator in the Georgia  State Senate working right now to pass legislation to eliminate all  ballot drop boxes in Georgia in the middle of a pandemic? Why are State  leaders in Georgia right now working to take over the local elections  board in Fulton County, where Ebenezer Baptist Church sits?   There is a woman in Cobb County named Irish. She says she has tried  repeatedly over the past 10 years to vote but could not because of long  lines and changing polling locations--people playing games. She said  that she has often had to decide if she will work or vote.   Another woman, Varana, from Cobb County says that she waited in line  for 8 hours in the rain at her local library--8 hours--to vote.   I run into constituents all the time who tell me that they waited for  hours to vote for me. I am honored that they voted for me, but I am sad  that they should have to wait for 8 hours.   A student in Atlanta named Isabella says that she and many of her  friends could not vote in the November 2020 election because they did  not want to skip class to stand in line.   Why are State leaders in Georgia behaving as if giving voters these  awful choices is normal or that voters like these Georgians don't  exist?   Those are the facts of the laws that are being passed in Georgia and  across our Nation.   So here is the question tonight: America, are we January 5 or are we  January 6? Are we going to give in to the forces that seek to divide us  by gerrymandering us, suppressing us, and subverting the voices of some  of us in pursuit of power at any cost, or are we going to live up to  that grand American covenant ``e pluribus unum''--``out of many, one''?  I choose what Dr. King called ``beloved community.'' I choose America.  I choose a nation that embraces all of us.   We have been summoned here. We cannot turn away. In just a few  moments, all 100 of us, blessed with a sacred trust, will let the  American people know where we stand on the question of whether the  Senate will protect their voices, the voices of the very people who  sent us here, or if we will simply surrender to the anti-democratic  fervor and polarizing disunity spreading across our Nation.    In the meantime, let me say that I am glad that we are finally  actually having a debate on the Senate floor. Imagine that. The  Senate--what is that?--the most important deliberative body--is  actually having a debate. It took us nearly a year to get to this  point, and I want to thank my colleagues who worked with me and others  over the last many months to keep this critical issue on the Senate's  front burner.   Voting rights are preservative of all other rights. The democracy is  the framework in which all other debates take place. We can strengthen  our infrastructure and the infrastructure of our democracy at the same  time. If we can change the rules to raise the debt ceiling, we can  change the rules to raise and repair the ceiling of our democracy. This  is our work.   So we have crafted a strong piece of compromise legislation that will  address the rampant voter suppression and election subversion laws we  are seeing passed in State after State after State--19 so far and  counting. The Freedom to Vote: John R. Lewis Act will restore bedrock  voting protections established by the Voting Rights Act of 1965-- protections that have been eroded by the Supreme Court and are born  from an era where Members of this body used to work together to solve  the tough issues of our time. It will also set a Federal baseline for  voting standards to ensure every eligible voter has access to the  ballot, no matter where they live, and to protect elections from  subversion by craven politicians.   Voting rights should be bipartisan; used to be bipartisan; passed  this body the last time 98 to 0 and signed into law by George W. Bush,  a Republican President.   I know that my colleagues and I have worked in good faith this past  year, this entire year. We have worked hard to try to find some common  ground with our Republican friends on this issue.   I have said to my colleagues: Let us bring these measures to the  floor to debate. Let's reason. Let's deliberate.   I had hoped our friends on the other side would have allowed us to  have a debate on voting rights legislation, but until today, that is  what they have blocked three times in the Senate. They didn't block the  bills; they blocked our ability to even have debate on the bills.   As a pastor, I understand the power and the possibility of coming  together with those with whom we disagree to have a robust debate on  the issues that are important to families and to our country. I share  with many of you, I am sure, a vision of the Senate that collaborates  and negotiates on the most important issues of our time.   I believe in bipartisanship, but when it comes to something as  fundamental as voting rights, I just have to ask: Bipartisanship at  what cost? Who is being asked to foot the bill for this bipartisanship?  And is liberty itself the cost? I submit that that is a cost too high  and a bridge too far.   I am deeply saddened that our Republican colleagues chose not to join  us in this effort. Democrats would prefer not to act alone, but, by all  means, we have to act. Even if we don't get it done tonight, we have to  keep working at it until we get it done.   Dr. King's words are as true now as they were back then: ``History  has thrust something upon me from which I cannot turn away.'' He said:  ``Justice delayed is justice denied.''   Now, I know that I have been speaking a lot over the course of the  last  [[Page S334]]  year about voting rights, and it is one of my--one of my--primary  passions. But I am thrilled to work for Georgians to close the Medicaid  coverage gap in our State; to create new, good-paying jobs in growing  and emerging industries; to strengthen broadband across our State; and  more. I am thrilled to fight for these priorities for Georgia because  that is what Georgians sent me here to do, but they sent me with their  votes.   How can we have productive conversations about the many issues  affecting the American people--about lowering healthcare costs, about  creating good-paying jobs, about fighting climate change, protecting  reproductive healthcare--if politicians in States get to cherry-pick  their voters and the people's voices are squeezed out of their  democracy? How can we achieve real consensus on the issues that matter  most if only some voters can be heard?   Taking action to pass voting rights legislation is not a policy  argument; it is about the democracy itself. Voting rights is how we  address the deepening divides in our country, by ensuring every  eligible voter's voice is heard. We, as elected representatives, have  an obligation to protect their voice.   So when it comes to the question of procedure and the filibuster, let  me be clear: I believe that voting rights are more important than a  procedural rule, and if taking action requires a change in the rules,  then it is time to change the rules.   When the times changed, we have always changed the rules--160 times.   And as we consider the filibuster, the name of the Senator from West  Virginia, Robert Byrd, inevitably comes up. His is an important  perspective, but we shouldn't quote him as if he is Scripture. In fact,  he didn't always get it right. He said his greatest regret was  filibustering the 1964 civil rights bill. Robert Byrd learned from  history. Will we?   As I continue on what may feel like a filibuster, some point to  Senate procedure, while others recycle excuses we heard before. But as  the pastor of Ebenezer Baptist Church, I also know that all of these  arguments against taking the moral action we are called to take are  distractions.   Consider this. There are some things you can do in this Chamber with  just 51 votes: confirm a Supreme Court nominee, 51; pass trillions of  dollars in investments for our communities, 51; pass massive tax cuts,  mainly for the richest of the rich, 51; confirm Cabinet nominees, 51;  raise the debt ceiling--we found a way to do it the other week--51. But  it takes 60 votes to repair the ceiling of our democracy by passing  voting rights legislation.   I am left to conclude that if the issue is important enough, the  Senate feels compelled to act. Well, let me say that I believe that the  democracy is at least as important as the economy. Recently, many of  our colleagues have argued that legislation to protect voting rights  somehow offends our Federal system of government and amounts, they say,  to a Federal takeover of elections.   Some of the same voices, ironically, who have extolled Dr. King's  life this week have, at the same time, been working vigorously against  the legislation we are debating today to protect the right to vote, and  many of them have been channeling old States' rights arguments.   Let the message go out. You cannot remember Martin Luther King, Jr.,  and dismember his legacy at the same time. You can argue whatever side  you want, but you do not get to argue both sides. I will not sit  quietly while some make Dr. King a victim of identity theft. You do not  get to offer praises and plaudits in memory of Dr. King and then  marshal the same kind of States' rights arguments that were used  against Dr. King and against the civil rights movement.   Please know that as the pastor of Dr. King's church, this argument  evokes, I say really respectfully--it evokes--some of the darkest  moments in our country's long struggle for equality.   When the Supreme Court ruled that school segregation was  unconstitutional in Brown v. Board of Education, after a century of Jim  Crow laws, Arkansas Governor Orval Fabus did not argue that he  supported segregation at all costs. He, instead, claimed that obeying  the Brown decision amounted to a ``surrender'' of ``all our rights,''  he said, ``as citizens to an all powerful Federal autocracy.''   When Senator Strom Thurmond launched the longest filibuster in the  United States, against a bill to protect voting rights, he didn't argue  explicitly that Black people didn't deserve to vote. He, instead,  claimed that it was ``unlawful and unconstitutional'' for Congress to  regulate the elections of the States.   And during the Senate's 60-day debate on the Civil Rights Act of  1964, the closing argument of the bill's opponents--led and articulated  by Georgia Senator Richard B. Russell--was that it would ``strike down  and destroy many rights and powers which, since the foundation of our  government have properly belonged to several States.''   Let's be very clear about this legislation. The States will continue  to administer their elections. And, of course, States have certain  rights. Do we genuinely believe that States have a right to  discriminate, to suppress, or to block access to ballot boxes for so  many Americans?   Although we are 50 unique States, we are also united as one Republic,  and what happens in one State can affect us all. When we elect our U.S.  Senators and our U.S. Representatives, and when we elect the President,  we must represent all Americans; we need every vote to count to  maintain the integrity of our democracy. And so we must do this work.   I support reforming the Electoral Count Act. That said, reforming the  Electoral Count Act will do virtually nothing to address the sweeping  voter suppression and election subversion efforts taking place in  Georgia and in States and localities nationwide. It doesn't matter if  your votes are properly counted if you cannot cast your vote in the  first place.   And so, as I close, I want to appeal to all of my colleagues on both  sides of the aisle, not just as a colleague but as a pastor and as a  man of faith. The American people have sent us here, and history has  summoned us to this moment. We cannot hide. Whatever the outcome  tonight, I still believe in us. I believe in the U.S. I believe in us.  I believe that democracy is the political enactment of a spiritual  idea, that we are all children of God and therefore we all ought to  have a voice in the direction of our country and our destiny within it.  I believe that a vote is a kind of prayer for the world we desire for  ourselves and for our children and that our prayers are stronger when  we pray together.   A young Martin Luther King, Jr., struggled all those years ago, and  he said: ``History has thrust something upon me from which I cannot  turn away.'' Those of us who are students of Dr. King--I know I have-- often wonder: What would I have done if I were alive during the civil  rights movement? I know we would all like to think that we, too, would  have had just a small fraction--just a fraction--of the courage that it  took for John Lewis to cross that Edmund Pettus Bridge.   Well, for those of us who are fortunate enough to have served in the  U.S. Senate in this moment--in this moral moment--we do not have to  wonder. My God, he faced troopers on the other side, crossing that  bridge. We are talking about a procedural bridge. We don't have to  wonder what we would have done. I submit that what we would have done  back then we are doing right now. History is watching us. Our children  are counting on us. And I hope that we will have the courage to do what  is right for our communities and for our country, the courage to cross  this bridge, to do the hard work in this defining moral moment in  America for the sake of the communities that sent us here in the first  place--for the sake of the planet, for the sake of healthcare, for the  sake of jobs, for the sake of being able to argue for the things that  we care about--the courage to fight for one another.   I am still praying that we will cross that bridge, but, if not  tonight, we will come back again and again and again.   I yield the floor.   