 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 533, the  Guidance Clarity Act, which is identical to my bill, H.R. 1508, which  passed the House by voice vote on October 20, 2021, almost 13 months  ago.   American small businesses have enough to worry about, especially in  this economy. Inflation, supply chain issues, and labor shortages have  made it exceedingly difficult to be a small business owner right now.  These are people who don't have time to worry about keeping track of  the latest government red tape, which is made more difficult by the  conflation of agency guidance with regulations or laws.   The purpose of guidance is to assist Americans in understanding rules  and regulations and give them suggestions on how to adhere to them.  However, it is important to note that guidance is not law, nor is it  enforceable as law--it is simply a suggestion.   Guidance is not approved by Congress, nor does it go through the  Federal rulemaking process which allows for public input and legal  scrutiny of agency actions. Therefore, citizens are free to take the  suggestion or completely ignore it.    Unfortunately, over the years, regulators have threatened punitive  action against businesses for not following guidance. I am not talking  about people breaking the law or ignoring Federal regulations who  should certainly face consequences. I am talking about small businesses  who are following Federal regulations but simply are not doing it in  the manner certain regulators would prefer--the way their guidance  suggested regulations be implemented. That is unacceptable, and it is  illegal. Regulators have no legal authority to enforce guidance, and  any  [[Page H8481]]  attempt to do so is an egregious abuse of power.   To make matters worse, thousands and thousands of guidance documents  are constantly being produced. So instead of achieving their intended  goal of providing clarity, they are making the waters even murkier.   With some regulators enforcing guidance while others do not, small  businesses and entrepreneurs are falling deeper into the regulatory  maze of the Federal Government.   The Guidance Clarity Act is a simple, straightforward solution. It  ensures the first page of guidance documents includes a plain language  statement declaring that guidance is not law, nor can it be legally  enforced as law. This might seem like a small fix, but this critical  statement clarifies for individuals, businesses, and regulators alike  that guidance is meant to be helpful. It is a suggestion that can be  put in place or disregarded.   It will help regulators do their jobs more efficiently and small  businesses, who lack the resources to employ teams of expensive  lawyers, to continue to strengthen our workforce and economy.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairwoman Maloney and Ranking Member Comer for  bringing the Guidance Clarity Act to the floor. I also thank Senator  Lankford for getting the bill across the finish line in the Senate.  This is a commonsense solution that will help American small business  owners, who are the drivers of our economy and embodiment of the  American Dream, do what they do best.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to vote in favor of the  Guidance Clarity Act.   