 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   I rise in support of the goal of H.R. 5706 to prevent incidents of  sexual assault and harassment in transportation. Passengers should feel  safe when they are traveling, and transportation workers should feel  safe in their workplace.   No one condones sexual misconduct. That is why the Transportation and  Infrastructure Committee and Congress took such a strong bipartisan  stance against this type of behavior in air transportation in the FAA  Reauthorization Act of 2018.   Last Congress, this legislation passed the House by voice vote, after  Chairman DeFazio worked with the other side of the aisle to address  technical concerns with the bill to avoid unintended implementation  issues.   Again, I want to thank Chairman DeFazio for working with us on this  bill. I urge support of this legislation, and I reserve the balance of  my time.    Madam Speaker, in closing, we want to help  ensure that sexual misconduct in transportation is eliminated, and this  bill is a step in the right direction. I urge support of this  legislation and yield back the balance of my time.    I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, S. 400, as amended, designates the United States  Department of Transportation headquarters as the William T. Coleman,  Jr. and Norman Y. Mineta Federal Building.   William Coleman had a long history of public service, including  serving as the fourth Secretary of Transportation, as a civil rights  leader and, early in his career, by serving the Nation during World War  II.   Norman Mineta served as chair and ranking member of the Committee on  Public Works and Transportation. He was later appointed as the 14th  Secretary of Transportation under President George W. Bush and is the  longest-serving Secretary of Transportation to date.   I think it is fitting to recognize the work and commitment of both  Secretaries by naming the DOT headquarters after them. I urge support  of the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   In closing, I am proud to be a cosponsor of S. 400. This bill  appropriately recognizes both Norm Mineta and William Coleman for their  service to our country and the United States Department of  Transportation.   I urge Members to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of  my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, I am proud to be a cosponsor of H.R. 5673, the  Safeguarding Tomorrow through Ongoing Risk Mitigation--STORM--Technical  Corrections Act, which makes necessary corrections to the STORM Act  passed late last Congress.   This bill recognizes and implements the latest two installments of  the building code and makes additional corrections, including those  related to definitions for insular areas, to the mitigation revolving  loan fund created in the STORM Act last Congress to ensure parity.   This language reflects previously agreed-upon bipartisan language in  the 116th House version of the STORM Act.   I thank Chair Titus for her work and leadership on this bill, and I  appreciate the bipartisanship found in this legislation.   I urge support of this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of  my time.   Madam Speaker, I urge that these corrections be added to the law and  previously agreed-to corrections to the STORM Act as passed last  Congress.   Madam Speaker, I urge support of this legislation, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, H.R. 5343, the FEMA Caseworker Accountability Act,  requires the Federal Emergency Management Agency to examine their case  management turnover rates and the average length of employment for  employees detailed to disaster response cases.   The goal of H.R. 5343 is to reduce the turnover rates for FEMA  employees who have been detailed to disaster recovery.   Consistent turnover only hurts disaster victims as it can prolong the  recovery process, especially for small rural communities.   Madam Speaker, I urge support of this legislation, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the  gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. Rice).    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of  my time.   Madam Speaker, this bill will assist FEMA by providing data to reduce  turnover and provide more consistency for communities recovering from  disasters.   Madam Speaker, I support this legislation, and I urge others to do  the same.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, H.R. 5547, the Care is an Economic Development  Strategy Act, will ensure that recipients of Economic Development  Administration grants consider the availability of childcare, early  childhood education, disability, and eldercare in their comprehensive  economic development strategy.   This helps ensure that the children, the elderly, and those with  disabilities who live in rural and distressed communities are  rightfully included in economic development planning.   Our friend and colleague from Alaska, the late Don Young, cosponsored  this legislation as the Republican champion for this bill. It is an  example of the commitment he had to bipartisanship and to supporting  efforts to help distressed communities not only in Alaska, but  throughout the Nation.   Madam Speaker, I urge support of this legislation, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, in closing, H.R. 5547 ensures childcare and early  childhood education, as well as disability and eldercare are components  of local comprehensive economic development strategies.   I thank the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. Young) for championing this  issue on our side of the aisle and note our deepest appreciation for  his work.   Madam Speaker, I urge support of this important legislation, and I  yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of bill, S. 2938, which designates  the Federal Building and U.S. Courthouse in Tallahassee, Florida, as  the Joseph Woodrow Hatchett United States Courthouse and Federal  Building.   I am an original cosponsor of the companion bill, H.R. 4771, as well  as the entire Florida delegation. Judge Hatchett served as the first  African-American Justice on the Florida Supreme Court. Later, he was  appointed by President Jimmy Carter to the United States Fifth District  Court of Appeals where he served as Chief Judge from 1996 to 1999 when  he retired.   He was a good man, a good friend, and someone I knew very, very well.  This is a well-deserved appointment and naming.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, in closing, I again recognize  Joseph Woodrow Hatchett and his service to our country. He was a great  man, and it will be a great honor for the Federal building and U.S.  courthouse to be named after him.   Madam Speaker, I urge support of this legislation, and I yield back  the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of S. 1226, which designates the  United States courthouse located in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, as the  Sylvia H. Rambo United States Courthouse.   Judge Rambo was appointed to the United States District Court for the  Middle District of Pennsylvania in 1979 by President Jimmy Carter and  assumed senior status in 2001.   I thank Judge Rambo for her many years of service.   Madam Speaker, I support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the  gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Perry).    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, in closing, I again want to commend Judge Rambo for  the many years of service to her community and her distinguished legal  career.   Madam Speaker, I urge support of this, and I yield back the balance  of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of S. 233, which designates the  United States Border Patrol Station located in Rocksprings, Texas, as  the Donna M. Doss Border Patrol Station after the late Agent Doss.  After serving the United States Border Patrol for over 15 years, Agent  Doss was tragically struck and killed by a vehicle while serving in the  line of duty.   Madam Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from Texas (Mr.  Arrington) for his leadership in sponsoring the House companion bill.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and  I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Arrington).    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, in closing, it is appropriate to recognize Agent Doss'  service to the Nation by naming this Border Patrol station after her. I  urge support of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of S. 2126, which designates the  Federal office building in Cheyenne, Wyoming, as the Louisa Swain  Federal Office Building.   Louisa Swain was the first woman to cast a ballot legally, on  September 6, 1870, paving the way for all women after her and for  greater equality.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, in closing, I recognize the work of Louisa Swain and  her historic vote in 1870. I urge support of this legislation, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   