 Mr. Speaker, there are so many things we can talk  about, so many challenges for the American people over the next few  months as they try to restore America to its place as the envy of the  world, a great country.   We could be talking about immigration and 150,000 people a month  crossing the border. We could talk about the divisive rhetoric from way  too many Democrats finding racism here, there, and everywhere, and  blaming all of America's problems on racism.   We could be talking about other problems. But tonight we are going to  be talking about the ridiculous amount of overspending, which is  debasing the value of the dollar and resulting in the inflation that is  hurting and harming American families so much, be it the cost of cars,  be it the cost of food, be it the cost of energy.   America must not forget where this inflation came from. It came from  the American Rescue Plan, one of the first bills passed under President  Biden. It was continued by the infrastructure bill, another over $1  trillion of spending. And, finally, the reduce inflation act, another  $700 billion. This is in addition to the large increases in the regular  budgets Congress always passes.   We have been out of control on the regular budgets, and now you hear  these three additional bills, which are causing the huge increases in  prices that you see at the gas pump, but even more at the grocery store  and at restaurants, and when you are looking to buy a house or rent.  [[Page H8305]]    Where did this come from? It is not a natural thing to happen.   It came because of out-of-control spending on all three of these  bills. And worse, in addition to the out-of-control spending leading to  the inflation, we have where the money went. We are spending more and  more money on programs conditioned upon not working very hard, programs  conditioned to take the benefit of not getting married.   So in addition to, I assume, intentional desire to debase the  currency, we continue down the path of moral decline as we encourage  money to be spent in the wrong place.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage the American people in the future, when you  decide how you want your country governed, when you go to your  Representative's office hours back home, when you call your  Congressman, ask them: Where do you stand on these big spending  programs? And now we have another one coming down the pike, another  $400 billion in student loan debt forgiveness.   Where is that money going to come from?   I will tell you where the money is going to come from. To a certain  extent it is going to be paid by future generations, but more  immediately it is going to be paid for by the American public again.  The $400 billion will result in higher gas prices, higher food prices,  higher automobile prices--that is where the money is going to come  from.   Wake up, America, these things are not free. The politicians who have  passed these programs in the past are responsible for the additional  amount of money we are spending.   There are a variety of things that we could look at. We worry so much  about this great America that was built by our ancestors, all the  people who died in the wars, that we may have this great, free country,  and we see it slipping away as we have out-of-control politicians--as  people frequently say happens in democracies--politicians buying votes  by spending more money on everybody under the sun. That is where this  inflation comes from.   Please, America, wake up. Like I said, we could talk about what is  going on at the border. We could talk about inflation. We could talk  about the attack on the police, and with the attacks on the police the  inevitable rise in crimes because the police are afraid to do what they  want.    Tonight, we talk about the out-of-control spending as way too many  Americans, including a lot of businesses, by the way, again and again  come to their Congressmen and ask for more free money. It wasn't free.  I hope the next time you go to the grocery store or the next time you  go to buy a new car and you see the huge sticker shock, you remember  the politicians who are bragging about all the new money they are  spending.   