 Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to call up H.R.  471, the PAUSE Act, to protect all Americans from Biden's border  crisis.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding to the  great State of Tennessee.   Mr. Speaker, a recent CNBC survey illustrates how Americans are  feeling about inflation. Fifty-two percent of adults reported they are  under more financial stress today than they were 1 year ago.   The poll also shows how consumers spending habits changed over the  last 6 months in response to rising prices: Fifty-three percent say  they are cutting back on dining out; 39 percent are driving less; 32  percent switched from a brand-name product; and 29 percent canceled a  vacation.   The economy is in a tailspin, Mr. Speaker, thanks to President  Biden's Big Government agenda. His failed policies are making the cost  of doing business more expensive, and those increased costs are passed  directly on to consumers.   Many companies use catchy slogans and taglines to advertise their  services but, in this economy, some businesses might rethink their  marketing campaigns.   Remember the $5 foot-long at Subway? It costs at least $10 for a  foot-long sandwich from Subway these days, Mr. Speaker.   Southwest Airlines' low-cost flight motto is ``Wanna Get Away?''  Flights are now so expensive; Southwest should change its offers to  Wanna Go One Way? Did you catch that? One way, since that is all  travelers obviously can afford.   Walmart tells customers they will ``Save Money, Live Better'' by  shopping at its stores. Americans are probably thinking more along the  line of Spend Money, Live Worse after making a trip to Walmart in  recent weeks.   Finally, Mr. Speaker, lots of folks are doing their banking with  Capital One, which asks ``What's in Your Wallet?'' Pretty soon Capital  One will be asking consumers What's Left in Your Wallet?'' Thanks to  rising prices.   Mr. Speaker, Americans are really just fed up with President Biden's  handling of the economy. From the same CNBC poll I referenced earlier,  61 percent disapprove of the President's response to inflation, and 81  percent fear a recession is coming in 2022. And I would dare say, CNBC  is not the most conservative folks out there.   Earlier this week, thank goodness, Elon Musk, he swooped into Twitter  to save the company from the woke politics that are running it into the  ground, censorship being one of those.   President Biden needs a similar hero who can come in and stop this  administration from destroying the economy. Alternatively, he could  simply give up on his Big Government agenda that is failing American  citizens, Mr. Speaker.   I appreciate Vice Chairman Johnson's lackluster leadership and his  constant mention of complimentary snacks which are not here, coming  forthwith.   