 Mr. President, Russia is waging war, the likes we have  not seen since World War II. They are waging war on freedom and  democracy.   Over recent days, the world has watched in horror as Russian troops  have invaded and brutally attacked Ukraine and Ukrainians. So far,  estimates are that 350 Ukrainians have been killed. We really don't  know what the number is, but we do know that countless civilians have  been injured, and more than half a million Ukrainians, including women  and children, are now refugees.   This invasion was not weeks or even months in the making; this has  been Moscow's plan for years. Putin has made no secret of his desire to  redraw the maps of Europe and to restore the Russian Empire. That is  why in 2008, Russia invaded the nation of Georgia. In 2014, it invaded  Ukraine, for the first time since the end of the Cold War, taking the  Crimea region. So the current invasion of Ukraine is really the second  invasion we have seen from Vladimir Putin's Russian Federation since  2014. Putin's appetite has not been satisfied. If anything, these  invasions have made him hungrier for power.   The people of Ukraine have lived under the shadow of Russian  aggression for years, and it has always been a question of when, not  if, Russia would finally act. For months, Russia has amassed hundreds  of thousands of troops on Ukraine's border, with numbers growing from a  few thousand to more than 150,000.   Defenders of freedom and democracy everywhere look to the United  States for leadership. But, sadly, they were let down. That is because  when it comes to projecting strength to authoritarians like Vladimir  Putin and President Xi, to the Ayatollahs in Iran and Kim Jong Un in  North Korea, the Biden administration repeatedly projects not strength  but weakness.   First of all, when it comes to Europe and Ukraine and Russia,  President Biden should not have waived sanctions on the Nord Stream 2  Pipeline last year. He should have never suggested that certain Russian  attacks would be disregarded by the United States. A minor incursion,  he said, might be overlooked.   And he should have taken swift action and imposed paralyzing  sanctions on Russia before--before--an invasion to give them a taste of  what might come, in an effort to deter Putin from invading in the first  place. And we should have earlier sent greater defensive weapons to the  Ukrainians. Strong action was called for before the war started, but  unfortunately, we have been playing catchup since it did start.   But now, we have a critical task ahead of us. Between this crisis and  the disastrous withdrawal from Afghanistan stranding thousands of  Americans without consultation or communication with any of our NATO  allies that were discouraged and shocked to find out that we would  leave them hanging, President Biden has repeatedly given our NATO  allies reason to doubt our commitment and our credibility.   I am sure Vladimir Putin is taking notice. I am sure President Xi and  the People's Republic of China has as well. In fact, Xi Jinping has  already expressed approval of the Russian invasion of Ukraine.   Putin has now put Russia's nuclear forces on high alert, threatening  to escalate to the unthinkable--something that hasn't happened since  1945--the discharge of a nuclear device. He has also ordered his  soldiers to fire on residential neighborhoods, a clear-cut example of a  war crime.   There is need of decisive action to counter Russian aggression. With  the eyes the world looking at the United States for leadership, it is  time for us to step up in defense of this democracy. President Biden  needs to follow through on his promise to make Putin a ``pariah on the  world stage.'' The Biden administration has put harsh sanctions on  Russia, but its most valuable asset remains virtually untouched, and  that is Russia's oil and gas sector.   Even as Russia wages a brutal war against the people of Ukraine, it  is exporting energy to the rest the world and using the profits--$100  oil and higher--to fund the war against innocent Ukrainian citizens.  Sanctions against banks and oligarchs are crucial, but we should not  ignore Russia's single largest economic asset.   The United States must identify ways to offset the global demand for  Russian energy, both here at home and with our oil-producing allies  abroad, so we can cut off Putin's biggest stream of revenue. That would  be the biggest and best sanction of all.    Our friend John McCain used to joke that Russia was a gas station  masquerading as a country to make the point that their oil and gas  sector is the single most important part of their economy. And yet so  far, the U.S. Government has left it relatively untouched and  unscathed.   In addition to economic penalties, we must provide additional  materiel support for Ukrainian forces to sustain their heroic and  inspirational fight against Russian aggression. A few weeks ago, I  began working with a bipartisan group of colleagues on a far-reaching  bill to counter this aggression. This package included legislation that  I introduced called the Ukraine Democracy Defense Lend-Lease Act,  reminiscent of what the United States did when Britain was hanging by a  thread under Nazi aggression in World War II.   Just as we did in World War II for our allies in Britain, this bill  would ensure that Ukrainian forces and the Ukrainian citizenry had the  defensive weapons, the air power, the ships--whatever they needed--in  order to defend their sovereignty. It also included security  assistance, as well as sanctions on Russia.   And even though we agreed on a bipartisan basis on the vast majority  of what was being discussed, the administration's oppositions prevented  us from reaching a final agreement.   I am disappointed that we were unable to act and send a strong and  united and bipartisan message as Congress to Vladimir Putin, but the  fact that we were unsuccessful then doesn't eliminate the need for us  to take further action now.   Thanks to the leadership of the ranking member of the Senate Foreign  Relations Committee, Senator Risch from Idaho, I was proud to join my  Republican colleagues in introducing legislation that will kneecap  Russia's efforts. The Never Yielding Europe's Territory Act doesn't  just support Ukraine or impose economic consequences on Russia on  counter Russian aggression, it does all of the above.   This legislation includes a range of measures to strengthen Ukraine's  ability to defend itself, including my lend-lease bill. It imposes  harsh economic consequences on the Russian economy through far-reaching  sanctions.   As we all know, Senator Menendez, the chairman of the Foreign  Relations Committee, and Senator Risch, the ranking member, negotiated  for days and indeed weeks upon weeks, but were unable to come up with a  bipartisan package.   I am especially disappointed that today, when Senator Risch offered  to take up and pass this bill by unanimous consent, that it was blocked  by one of our Democratic colleagues. I wonder what kind of message that  sends to Vladimir Putin--not a good one.   America stands with Ukraine, and we must do everything in our power  to help Ukrainian forces defend their freedom and their democracy.  Through the devastation that we have seen over the past couple of days,  we have all been inspired by the strength and courage of the Ukrainian  people. They are on the frontlines of the war against our values,  against their sovereignty, against democracy, and they deserve our  unequivocal support.   As the conflict--indeed, as the war--in Ukraine wages on, strong  American leadership is desperately needed on a bipartisan, monolithic  basis.   This evening, President Biden will have a chance to provide his State  of the Union message, and I hope that he sends a clear message to the  world that Russia's belligerence and hostility will not be tolerated.  The American people, our friends and allies, and our adversaries will  be paying close attention,  [[Page S871]]  and President Biden should not pull any punches. He should not mince  words. He should say that America stands with Ukraine, and we will not  tolerate as civilized nations--as democracies--a blatant attack on a  fellow democracy.   In addition to the many challenges abroad, the American people are  facing the failures of the President Biden's domestic policies here at  home. Families are being battered by the worst inflation in 40 years,  up 7\1/2\ percent so far this year alone. It is more expensive in Texas  to heat your home, to stock your pantry, or fill your gas tank.   I spoke to cotton producers in Abilene, TX, just last week. They told  me their single biggest problem is the cost of inputs, of fuel,  fertilizer, and other things they need in order to grow their product,  their commodity.   Anyone who has a need to make a big purchase--things like a car or  home appliances--has likely experienced extreme sticker shock.   Business owners, too, have been hit with a double whammy as supply  chain issues make it even more difficult and more costly to produce,  sell, and ship their products.   Wages have increased some, which would normally be good news, but  wage growth is still being outpaced by inflation; meaning that for the  average American family, their purchasing power is shrinking, not  growing because of inflation. That means our workers have essentially  gotten a pay cut because of the flawed policies of the Biden  administration.   Economists said that if our Democratic colleagues had proceeded with  their nearly $2 trillion partisan spending spree at the beginning of  last year, that it would cause inflation. I still remember Larry  Summers, a Democratic-leaning economist who served in Bill Clinton's  Cabinet, warning that all of this money that Congress is spending--not  the money we were spending for public health purposes or to mitigate  the economic consequences of COVID-19, but the money spent on other  items in our Democratic colleagues' outbox--he said that we are risking  the return of inflation like we haven't seen in the last few  decades. Despite the warning from people like Larry Summers and others,  our Democratic colleagues forged ahead and now America's working  families are paying the price.    I hope President Biden has a plan he will announce tonight on how to  attack inflation. But that plan cannot--cannot--involve his ill- conceived ``Build Back Broke'' agenda. This is another $5 trillion  spending bill that, thanks to bipartisan opposition, did not go  anywhere, but which threatened huge tax increases and huge inflationary  spending. This is not time to pile on and make the American people's  pain worse. We need to do everything we can to reduce inflation, to  increase their buying power.   I would like to also hear the President's strategy to address another  crisis, and that is the crisis at our southern border. My State has  1,200 miles of border with Mexico, and, last year alone, we have seen 2  million people show up at the border, either to be returned to their  country of origin or, more likely, to be welcomed into the United  States and be given a slip of paper that says: Show up for your  immigration court hearing in a year or 2 years.   We know that the human smugglers are getting rich smuggling people  into the United States. They understand our system. They know how to  exploit the flaws in our system, and they are getting rich doing so.  And by flooding the border with so many people, including unaccompanied  children at one time, it takes Border Patrol off the frontlines while  the drug smugglers move their illicit cargo into the United States. And  it is those drugs that have contributed to the loss of more than  100,000 American lives due to drug overdoses last year alone.   I want to hear President Biden's answer: Why haven't you done  anything about it? Why haven't you welcomed or asked for the help of  bipartisan Members of Congress to try to address this crisis at the  border?   Instead, the Biden administration made it worse. They revoked many of  the policies of the previous administration that deterred an influx of  migration, and they failed to anticipate the obvious consequences. When  you lay out the welcome mat on the U.S. border, people will come, and  they come not just from Mexico and Central America. They come from  around the world.   I remember early on during the Biden administration talking to the  chief of the Border Patrol in the Del Rio Sector. He said: In the last  few weeks, we have detained people from 150-plus countries.   The reason for that is obvious. Illegal immigration is the way that  international criminal networks get rich and do business. And if you  have enough money, they will get you across the southern border,  exploiting the laws that we know need to be changed but we cannot seem  to muster the support from President Biden nor our Democratic friends  to fix.   Local governments and my constituents in the Rio Grande Valley and  along the border, who are largely Hispanic themselves, understand the  difference between legal and illegal immigration, and they are being  inundated with illegal immigration and the burdens that are associated  with that. They are looking to Washington to do something about it, but  those calls are not being answered. So the burden falls on State  government--Governor Abbott and the Texas Legislature--to try to step  up. But this is the Federal Government's responsibility, not the State  government's responsibility. Leaders in Texas have begged the Biden  administration to step up and do its duty. They have asked for more  staff, better resources, and policies that put an end to these pull  factors, but the administration has done nothing. The only conclusion I  can draw after all this time is they just don't care.   As we head into the spring, which is typically the busiest time at  the border, the Biden administration needs to take action. The  President cannot continue to ignore this humanitarian crisis. We need a  concrete plan to address this chaos and ensure that migrants are  treated fairly and humanely in accordance with U.S. law.   But, sadly, the border crisis isn't the only problem the  administration has shown complete and utter disregard for. Communities  across the country are worried about alarming increases in violent  crime.   This morning alone, we had a hearing in the Judiciary Committee on  carjacking, the violent theft of an automobile using a gun or other  weapon to steal it from a person who may be driving their kids to  school or to work or to church, only to have their car stolen and their  life threatened or taken.   In 2020, murders rose nearly 30 percent from the year before--30  percent--the single largest increase on record. We are still waiting  for the rest of the data from 2021, but, so far, the picture is no  brighter. A number of major cities experienced their deadliest years on  record. Of course, this was in the wake of this boneheaded idea called  ``defund the police,'' which destroyed support for the police at the  local level and demoralized the men and women who are doing their duty  in an honorable and necessary way each and every day. This is the price  that you pay for such misguided efforts as defunding the police.   The American people are paying attention, as you would expect. A poll  in November found that more than half of those surveyed believe that  local crime had gotten worse--a 13-percent jump from the previous year.  Concerns at the national level are even higher. Nearly three-quarters  of Americans believe that crime is up nationally. They believe that  because it is. This is bad news for families, for communities, for  businesses, and for our dedicated law enforcement professionals, and  the administration needs to take action.   American families are facing a host of crises at home, and democracy  is taking a beating abroad. Tonight, I hope President Biden will  outline a clear plan to address these many challenges and come up with  answers that we can work on together in a bipartisan way. Trying to do  things in a 50-50 Senate or at the 4-vote majority in the House of  Representatives is destined to fail, as we have seen time and time  again. The only way to get things done in a 50-50 Senate is to work to  build consensus and get bipartisan support.   I hope we will see a midcourse correction from the administration on  these many challenges that I mentioned  [[Page S872]]  today. I hope the President will finally acknowledge and commit to  helping address the humanitarian crisis at the border, which he has  ignored for more than a year now. I hope and I trust he will send a  strong message to the world that America condemns Russian action and  stands with solidarity with Ukraine. The American people deserve to  hear their President explain his plan to address each of these looming  challenges, and I hope he doesn't let them down.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   