 Madam Speaker, I want to say thank you to the gentleman  from Pennsylvania for a few minutes here. I appreciate it.   Madam Speaker, I rise to oppose the previous question and in support  of the Reopen Schools Act. We are hearing today that, in terms of  priorities here, what could be more important than schools and getting  our schools open with the damage that has been done over the last  couple years?   During the early days of the pandemic many schools across the country  were shuttered. But now some 2 years in, I believe we have the tools  and resources to keep our schools open--something we all know is in the  best interest of our kids.   Since March of 2020, the Federal Government has provided $190 billion  in pandemic aid to schools to upgrade their mitigation systems and get  kids back in the classrooms safely. Unfortunately, last week the  teachers union in Chicago decided to walk out on their students. The  standoff has kept 340,000 students--the third largest school system in  the United States--out of the classroom. Worryingly, we are now seeing  other teachers unions across the country looking to follow their lead  and pushing for a return to remote learning.   So our colleague across the aisle here asked: What are we railing  against?   Aren't we in support of local control?   Of course we are. But what we are seeing in the State of Wisconsin  now is that the Department of Health Services, at the behest of the  Governor, is pushing for more restrictions. A letter just went out  today to all school districts across the State of Wisconsin: You should  be putting more restrictions in place.   It is very similar to what the Centers for Disease Control has done.  It is extremely hard for someone at the local level to simply stand up  against this onslaught of regulations and suggestions that you have to  do this otherwise children are going to be damaged.   How are you going to stand up against that when you are just a small,  local school district?   Even the Education Secretary, Miguel Cardona, took a stand by saying  that students have suffered enough and schools should stay open. I  agree.   Last year's school closures were extremely hard on parents and  students leading to significant learning loss. That is a scenario we  cannot afford to repeat this academic year. We owe it to  [[Page H29]]  our kids to get back to in-person instruction. H.R. 682 ensures that  the additional $190 billion in pandemic aid actually goes towards what  it was intended: getting kids back in the classroom.   Madam Speaker, I just want to close by saying this: I remember back  in April of 2020, a couple weeks into the shutdowns and lockdowns, we  knew whom this was going to affect the most, and we knew that children  are at very low risk.    In fact, the head of the CDC at that time, Dr. Redfield,  said that kids should be back in school. They are at less risk than the  cold and flu with COVID. Kids should be back in school.   Madam Speaker, I urge defeat of the previous question so we can  consider this critical piece of legislation put forward by the  gentlewoman from Iowa.   