 Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague from Ohio for yielding  time.   You know, a few years ago in this building, the U.S. Capitol, we had  an active shooter. I was there. Tragically, he killed two brave Capitol  Police officers as the shooter tried to hunt down our Republican whip,  Tom DeLay.   We were in session. The shooter was just down the stairs. During that  rampage, the House adjourned for the end of the week. Like every week,  just like last week, a bunch of us bounded down those steps, got in our  cars, raced to the airport to get home to our districts. We had no clue  what was going on down the hall in the Capitol.   When I got to DCA, I was shocked to see how close the shooter got to,  really, all of us, particularly if he had just stood at the bottom of  the stairs and just sprayed us as we were coming down.   We had no clue what was going on. We also had no information from our  phones or from our beepers in terms of what was going on.   Well, times have changed. We have that capability today. Every major  law enforcement organization supports this bill. This helps an active  shooter alert system so that potential victims can be alerted when  there is an active shooter.   I would just note in the last 2 hours, all of us here got four  messages from the Capitol Police saying that there was a suspicious  package outside of the Cannon House Office Building.   Literally, Independence Avenue was shut down, closed to all traffic  because of the alerts that we were able to get. Shouldn't our  constituents enjoy the same technology that we have here in our own  Congress?   You know, Madam Speaker, this simple bill will support law  enforcement and keep our communities safe, period.   In 2016, in Kalamazoo, in my district, an Uber driver spent nearly 5  hours one night picking up riders, killing them, picking up another  rider, killing them, until he was finally apprehended.   When that rampage was over, more than six people died. Another two  were injured. There was no system like this that could inform the  citizens in downtown Kalamazoo about what was going on.   In after-action reports from mass shootings and others around the  country since Columbine in 1999, they have all recommended a system  like this, to create an Active Shooter Alert Act. This bill was the top  request from tens of thousands of police officers who attended Police  Week just a couple of weeks ago.   This bill has nothing to do with the Second Amendment; doesn't take  away guns, nor should it. It protects innocent people who might be  impacted by an active shooter, whether it be our kids, our loved ones,  or our fellow citizens.   