 Madam President, I come to the floor as I see my  colleagues debating issues related to energy, and I come to the floor  to also debate and discuss the issue of energy and, specifically, the  need of the American people for more energy.   Because right now, America, in terms of energy, is running on empty.  Gas prices have broken records day after day after day over the last  several months. Inflation increased again last month to a new record  40-year high. Just this morning, we found out that inflation from  producers is even higher than inflation for consumers. Wholesale prices  are up by nearly 11 percent in the last year.   That means higher prices for people who grow our food, who build our  buildings, and who work so hard to keep the lights on.   Inflation for producers means inflation for consumers tomorrow. After  13 months of this inflation crisis, there is still no light at the end  of the tunnel. The average price of gasoline across the United States  today is over $5 a gallon.   That is a big number. We just heard colleagues discussing big  numbers. Five dollars a gallon is a big number for anyone who is  driving a gas-powered car or a diesel-powered car or truck in America.   Gas prices are at an alltime high in all 50 States, and there is no  end in sight. Experts tell us that the price of gas is going to  continue to go higher. We may actually see $6 a gallon this summer  across the country, and today, gas is already $6 a gallon in a number  of locations.   Now, for most Americans, this is unthinkable. So what are families  doing? Well, they are kind of buckling up for what may be a summer of  financial suffering for the American people. For many, it means a  summer of staying home. People are having to change the way they drive,  the way they eat, the way they live. Family vacations are being  canceled left and right. People are cutting back on shopping to the  point that retail jobs disappeared last month, thousands and thousands  of retail jobs.   Coronavirus caused one lockdown. Now we are headed into a new  lockdown because people don't have the money to get out--get out to go  to dinner, get out to go to a movie, get out to go on vacation. People  are staying home because they can't afford to do anything else.   Many working families are being pushed to the breaking point. Savings  have melted away. Household debt is now at a record high. More and more  people are having to borrow money just to get through the end of the  month. The purchasing power of the American people keeps going lower  and lower and lower. That is providing very little relief--even for  people who are getting raises, they are having a hard time keeping up  and feel they are falling further behind.   Home energy costs are up and will continue to go up this summer. We  hear that our energy grid is vulnerable for blackouts this summer.  Democrats have been in power for over 17 months. They continue to do  nothing to help the American people with this Biden-caused energy  crisis.   Now, Joe Biden's Cabinet has been on tour, talking and trying to  mislead the American people about the energy crisis. We saw Pete  Buttigieg and Gina Raimondo. They said that Joe Biden is just an  innocent bystander, just standing there, watching the world go by.  Nothing he could do about it.   The Commerce Secretary last week said--and this was on a national  news show--she said there isn't much that can be done to produce more  energy. Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen said Joe Biden has ``done  everything he can to bring down energy prices.'' Everything he can?  This is a blatant, boldfaced lie to the American people.   Joe Biden and the Democrats have caused this American energy crisis.  Joe Biden seemed to brag about it at first when, on his first day in  office, he killed the Keystone XL Pipeline, killing 800,000 barrels of  oil a day to the United States--more than we would have ever gotten  from Putin. Joe Biden bragged about it, proud of himself. Stopped those  oil and gas leases as well. What the President has done with the oil  and gas leases was blatantly illegal and brutally punished working  families in my home State of Wyoming.   You know, after 16 months in office, President Obama had held 44 oil  and gas lease sales. Joe Biden? Not a single one.   If the Senator from Alaska were here, she would say that Joe Biden  shut down oil and gas production in the Arctic. For leases that were  out there, drilling applications, thousands and thousands are in limbo  because the administration just wants them to sit there.   Now Joe Biden is furthering his attack on American energy. He is not  just blocking new leases, he is even going after thousands of existing  leases that were sold during previous administrations, the Obama and  the Trump administrations.   After just 16 months in office--and the American people know this; I  am not making any news here--Joe Biden is already the most anti- American energy President in American history. He has kept our energy  production on lockdown, he has kept workers on the sideline, and he has  kept energy buried in the ground. As a result, today, we are still  producing 1 million fewer barrels of oil today and every single day  than we were producing in America before the pandemic.  [[Page S2931]]    So, despite what the administration claims, Joe Biden could do things  right now to actually produce more energy. First, instead of blocking  all Federal land, he needs to hold Federal oil and gas lease sales. He  should approve the 4,300 drilling applications that he is holding in  limbo. Finally, instead of shutting down pipelines, he should approve  more pipelines so we can transmit energy. He should speed up the  pipeline approval process. Right now, it takes a lot longer to get  approval to build a pipeline than it does to actually build a pipeline.  But Joe Biden refuses to change his policies. That is why I say that  Joe Biden actually wants high gas prices.   Democrats keep bragging about the so-called incredible transition. It  is a transition that is strangling the American people. Joe Biden went  on a late-night comedy show last week. He was asked about climate  change. He said right now ``there's an opportunity to move more rapidly  . . . to alternative energy.'' He seems to think everything is going  according to plan.   The climate elitists want prices so high that people can't afford to  buy gas. The economists call this demand destruction. Democrats are  working to achieve demand destruction through supply destruction, and  the result is economic destruction--a destruction of the standard of  living for the American people--all because they want their climate  ideology.   So Democrats have kept supply slow and low. They have driven up  prices. Now the American people are forced to stay home.   Well, the Transportation Secretary continues to say: Just get an  electric vehicle. Gas prices are no big deal.   The average electric vehicle costs over $55,000. The American people  can barely afford groceries right now, let alone an electric vehicle.  CNN ran a story recently about single mothers skipping meals so their  kids can eat. I would say to the Secretary of Transportation: How are  they going to afford the electric vehicle, let alone find a place to  charge it?    Astonishing stories have been written in the press recently. People  trying to drive electric vehicles from point A to point B said: Never  again. Oh, no.   I have heard stories of someone renting an electric vehicle in  Wyoming, driving it from one place to another, using a regular plug-in,  coming back an hour later, and it had charged the battery enough extra  in that full hour that they could go an additional 4 miles. That is  what Joe Biden wants for America. That is his view of America--``stay  at home'' Joe.   The Transportation Secretary refuses to admit that gas prices drive  up the cost of other things like food, the cost of retail, the cost of  almost everything.   Democrats tell us that we just need a little more wind energy, a  little more solar power, and things would be great. So what is Joe  Biden doing? He listens to them, and he uses wartime Executive powers  to demand that we make more solar panels.   This is another dangerous Democrat delusion. We don't have high gas  prices and high food prices because of a lack of solar panels; we have  high gas prices and high food prices because of a lack of American  gasoline, oil, energy.   Democrats keep repeating the talking points about renewable energy.  Yet they never do the math. The most affordable and most reliable  energy known to man is traditional energy--oil, natural gas, coal.  Electric vehicles still use energy. This energy comes mostly, in this  country, from natural gas and coal.   The only way to bring the price of gas down is to bring the supply of  gas up. It is the one thing the Democrats refuse to do.   It is interesting to listen to some of Joe Biden's allies in the  Senate who are threatening to make the Biden energy crisis even worse.  They want to talk about bringing back their reckless tax-and-spending  bill. This bill is more reckless today than it was last year. You put  that kind of additional spending on the economy, that kind of  additional debt--inflation today is a lot higher than it was the last  time they forced this kind of money onto the economy. This will be  adding fuel to the fire.   Then the Democrats are talking about raising taxes and specifically  raising taxes on American energy. More taxes on American energy means  higher prices at the pump. It is as simple as that. Higher prices at  the pump means higher prices at the grocery store. Now isn't the time  to raise taxes on the American people.   Janet Yellen was surprised. She said it last week. She talked to the  New York Times. She said she was surprised at how negative people's  opinion was of the economy. She said she was amazed at how pessimistic  people were about the economy. How out of touch can one be for the  Secretary of Treasury to say that at a time when there are the highest  gas prices in the history of the country, food prices at an alltime  high, and inflation at a 40-year high?   Over three out of four Americans think the country is heading in the  wrong direction under Joe Biden and the Democrats. The American people  have seen what 16 months of Democrat rule has done to them, and Janet  Yellen is surprised at the pessimism and the negativity.   Record inflation, record gas prices, record debt, disappearing  savings, empty shelves, labor shortages, a looming recession--it is  long past time to change course. It is time to stop this reckless  spending, unleash American energy. The American public cannot afford to  pay the price, but they will make the Democrats pay the price come  November.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   