 Mr. President, normally at this time of the week, Senator  Capito and I are gathering for a face-to-face meeting or maybe having a  meeting by phone as she heads back to West Virginia. Today, it looked  like we were not going to have a chance to meet, but here we are.  Ironically, most of those conversations we have--we are in sync. It is  pretty amazing. Most folks around the country probably think we never  agree on anything here, but we do. And we actually turned out to be  pretty good friends--a couple of West Virginia kids who grew up and  made out all right. It is always a pleasure to be with her and to serve  with her, like with the bipartisan infrastructure legislation.   Last week, we were here to pass not one, not two, but three  bipartisan pieces of legislation. A couple of them were pretty big.  There were two big recycling bills and then another one dealing with  the Water Resources Development Act with the Army Corps of Engineers. I  think we had only one negative vote on the reauthorization--one. The  vote on the recycling legislation--one of which was your bill and one  of which was mine, and we were cosponsors--we had no opposition on  those bills.   So I would say to folks who are watching today who say: Oh, there  they go again, well, you should have tuned in last week because we were  on the same page.  [[Page S4010]]    Having said that, let me say that I rise today to speak on the joint  resolution of disapproval to nullify President Biden's National  Environmental Policy Act regulations, oftentimes referred to as NEPA.   Last year, as we drafted legislation that became the bipartisan  infrastructure law for our country, Senator Capito and I, along with  our colleagues on the Environment and Public Works Committee, of which  my colleague from Alaska is a valued member--the Senator is here. He  has offered this resolution today, and he will be back here in a  minute, I am sure.   But as we drafted legislation that became the bipartisan  infrastructure law, Senator Capito and I, along with our colleagues on  the EPW Committee, considered ways to get infrastructure projects done  more efficiently while maintaining environmental protections.   I will say that again. We considered a number of ways to get  infrastructure projects done more efficiently while maintaining  environmental protections.   We included several changes that were reflective of those shared  goals. In fact, we included quite a few of those changes. I will give  an example of one of those. The bipartisan infrastructure law codified  something that is called One Federal Decision, the One Federal Decision  permitting structure. It set a goal for completing environmental  reviews of transportation projects within 2 years--within 2 years. It  also permanently authorized the Federal Permitting Improvement Steering  Council and more.   But, as we considered changes to the way we deliver infrastructure  projects, we always tried to make sure that we were not undermining  important environmental safeguards. That sentiment reflects really the  essence of the law that we call NEPA.   Over 50 years ago, President Richard Nixon--a Republican, as you will  recall--signed this bedrock environmental policy into law with  overwhelming bipartisan support. In the time since then, NEPA has  helped to ensure that Federal actions protect our quality of life and  avoid costly environmental impacts.   NEPA is not just a means of protecting resources and conserving a  pristine environment; NEPA also helps to improve Federal decisions. How  is that? Well, by requiring Agencies to take a hard look at the impacts  of their actions before they make decisions--before they make  decisions.   For example, through the NEPA process, just a few years ago,  officials in Colorado--this is a good example--officials in Colorado  heard robust public feedback when planning improvements on State  Highway 9 that led them to take steps to minimize disturbances to  communities and to the environment. The final project was ultimately  delivered with lower emissions, less harm to wildlife, and safer spaces  for cyclists. Importantly, these benefits did not come at the cost of  efficiency. The project was done on time and under budget. And this is  only one of any number of examples that I can cite today.   Making smart decisions has never been more important. After all, the  science is clear: We must rapidly drive down greenhouse gas emissions  if we hope to avoid the worst impacts of climate change.   Unfortunately, the Trump administration made changes to the NEPA  rules. These changes prevented Agencies from considering how their  actions impact climate change and from taking commonsense steps to  minimize environmental harm. The regulatory rollbacks also undermined  public involvement in the Federal decisionmaking process. This rollback  harmed communities of color, including Tribal and Native Alaskan  communities, that rely on NEPA to defend their voices.   Fortunately, the Biden administration has taken steps to fix the  error of these regulatory revisions. Under President Biden's  instruction, the Council on Environmental Quality finalized a rule in  April to make narrow, targeted changes to NEPA regulations. One of the  most important changes was restoring the requirement for Agencies to  consider the cumulative and indirect impacts of their actions.  Considering such impacts can help ensure that we avoid actions that  worsen climate change and negatively impact communities.   President Biden's NEPA rule would ensure that Agencies conduct  environmental review processes in a commonsense, holistic manner, one  that neither sacrifices efficiency for environmental protection nor the  other way around.   This action comes at a critical time for our Nation. The bipartisan  infrastructure law will fund more than $1 trillion of investments in  projects that will last not for years but for decades and maybe even  longer.   I believe the decision here is clear. The projects under review today  will either help address the climate crisis and protect communities or  they will exacerbate emissions and make us more vulnerable.   With thoughtful environmental analysis, we can build new facilities  that are less emissions-intensive. We can build highways and bridges to  withstand the kind of extreme weather that we are experiencing all over  this country--in fact, all over the planet--and we can save money while  we do it with infrastructure that is built to last.   Blocking these regulations from taking effect is the policy  equivalent of burying our heads in the sand, unfortunately, with the  rate at which the sea level is rising around us--and it is. During the  course of debate on this one proposal today, we are going to see in the  State of Louisiana terrible sea-level rises going on. Every 100  minutes, they lose a piece of land in Louisiana that is the size of a  football field. During the course of this debate alone, they are going  to lose several more football fields in Louisiana and a lot more in the  days to come.   Refusing to consider the impacts of climate change will not stop the  climate from changing. It will not save lives from being lost from  wildfires, from floods, and heat waves. It will not stop asphalt from  melting under extreme heat, which is what was happening a couple of  weeks ago in England. Then, over at the Tour de France, we had to spill  thousands--tens of thousands--of gallons of water on the course they  were running the bicycle races on. This was for the Tour de France-- literally tens of thousands of gallons on the course in order to keep  the roads from melting. Can you believe that?   By refusing to consider the impacts of climate change now, we will  only help to ensure that its worst impacts come to pass. It will  continue to cost us. It will cost us not just in dollars but also in  lives.   With that, I urge my colleagues to vote on this well-intentioned but,  I think, misguided resolution.   Before I yield the floor, let me just say what a privilege it is to  work with my colleague from Alaska. He and I actually agree on more  than you might imagine. We both wore the uniform of our country for  many years, those of the Marine Corps and Navy. The Navy salutes the  Marine Corps today. I like to say: different uniforms, same team. While  I can't be with him on this one, we will find other things that we can  agree on today.   With that, I yield the floor.    Mr. President, before you do that, I would ask to be  recognized for 3 minutes.    Mr. President, I thank my colleague for not objecting.   Let's just stop for a moment before we vote. The National  Environmental Policy Act was not signed into law by FDR, not signed  into law by Lyndon Johnson or John Kennedy, not signed into law by  Barack Obama. It was signed into law by Richard Nixon, with bipartisan  support--strong bipartisan support--some 50 years ago.   The reason for the law was that they wanted--President Nixon and  those who served in the Congress at the time--to make sure that, as we  are proposing to build, we will say, large infrastructure projects  around the country with Federal support, they wanted to make sure that  the voices of the people whose lives would be affected by that would  actually be heard. That was the idea behind doing this.   I have been in the Senate about 21, 22 years and served on the  Environment and Public Works Committee with Senator Simpson and others,  and am privileged to chair the committee now. And about every year or  2, we pass major infrastructure legislation, and, a year ago, the  largest infrastructure bill in the history of the country--roads,  highways, bridges, water, drinking water, wastewater, you name it.   Just last week, we passed, with one dissenting vote, the Water  Resources Development Act legislation to reauthorize the Army Corps of  Engineers to do projects all over America.   I live in Wilmington, DE. I-95 goes right through Wilmington, DE. It  cuts my city in half. I-95 is being rebuilt for about a 5-mile space,  from Route 202, which goes up into PA, on down to  [[Page S4013]]  Route 141--5 miles, right through the middle of our major city. It is  going to be done in, I think, less than 2 years. Imagine that: 4 lanes,  6 lanes, all the exits, done in 2 years.   They are talking about not being able to get a big project done. We  are doing big projects in a little State all the time.   The last thing I would say is that our colleagues Joe Manchin and  Lisa Murkowski cohosted bipartisan meetings a month or 2 ago--6 or 7 or  8 of them--in the afternoon to talk about a path forward on  reconciliation and infrastructure legislation, but also to talk about  permitting and permitting reform.   Every time we do a major infrastructure bill, we do permitting  reform, and we do streamlining. We have done it. We did it last year,  and we are going to do it again with the WRDA legislation too.   Later, sometime this fall, in September, October, we will do  permitting reform debate and legislation again. We can't do it in the  context of reconciliation because the Parliamentarian won't let us do  that. It has to be as stand-alone legislation.   We will have the opportunity to do that. People can offer their  ideas. We will debate them. We will vote them up, and we will vote them  down.   I just wanted to add that for the record.   With that, I guess we ought to ask for the yeas and nays.   