 Mr. President, I overheard some of my colleagues here on  the Senate floor complaining about what happened at the Senate Banking  Committee today, and I want to address this, set the record straight,  and provide a little historical context, which I think is important.   Last week, the chairman of the Senate Banking Committee, Chairman  Brown, indicated that he wanted to have votes on six nominees within  the Banking Committee jurisdiction. Five were to be Governors of the  Federal Reserve--they had been nominated to Federal Reserve posts--and  one was the Director of the FHFA.   Now, I told the chairman last week that as far as Republicans on the  committee were concerned, we were perfectly fine proceeding to votes on  five of the six. Five of the six nominees we were ready to have votes  on. Those five included the Chairman of the Federal Reserve, Jay  Powell; Vice Chair Lael Brainard; nominee Professor Lisa Cook; nominee  Professor Philip Jefferson; and the nominee to be the Director of the  FHFA, Sandra Thompson. All of those, we were fine with a vote.   By the way, some of those nominees have significant Republican  support. At least one, I think, has no Republican support on the  committee, but that didn't matter. We were prepared to go and vote on  these nominees.   But the sixth nominee whom Chairman Brown wanted to have a vote on  was Sarah Bloom Raskin, and I told him then--this was like last  Thursday--that she had chosen not to answer quite a number of important  questions that we had. That is the normal part of the vetting process  that a committee goes through when there is a nominee. In particular,  she chose not to answer questions about a highly unusual transaction  that occurred at a company on whose board she sat after she left her  position as a Governor at the Fed and then a senior Treasury staffer.   Chairman Brown said he would help us get answers to these questions,  but we have been stonewalled. We were stonewalled before. We have been  stonewalled since. So, today, I informed the chairman that it is the  view of the Republican members of the committee that we can still go  ahead and vote on the five.   I have heard them talk about how important it is that we populate the  Fed with Governors. Four out of the five nominees we were prepared to  vote on are Fed Governors. We could have had that vote already. We  could have that vote tonight. We could do it tomorrow. There is no  problem with that. But rather than advance five nominees through the  committee, Chairman Brown decided he would rather have zero, so we are  at zero. That is his choice. We could have had five advance through the  committee.   You have to ask yourself, why would it be so important to my  Democratic colleagues that we forgo the opportunity to move five along  the process if it means that, for now, Sarah Bloom Raskin doesn't get a  vote for what, by the way, would be a 10-year term on the Fed? And  there is only one plausible explanation for why they would be willing  to leave all these vacancies when they could go down the road through  the process of filling these vacancies. Apparently it is because  getting a climate warrior into this spot on the Fed Board of  Governors--specifically, the Vice Chairman of Supervision; that is the  spot for which Sarah Bloom Raskin has been nominated--getting her there  must be the most important thing. In fact, it must be more important  than getting all five of the other people confirmed because that is the  decision they made today.   So then you have to ask yourself, why would it be that important? Why  would it be so important to get Ms. Raskin in this spot at the Fed?  Well, again, I think it is pretty clear what is going on here, and that  is that our Democratic colleagues have a climate agenda for which they  don't want to take responsibility. We are seeing this manifest itself.  It is the energy policy of this majority, the Democratic majority and  this administration, that has contributed significantly to this huge  surge in energy prices. It is kind of causing a panic over there  because the American people don't really enjoy paying $5 a gallon or  more for gasoline. They are not looking forward to a 20-, 30-, 50- percent increase in the cost of heating their homes. They are not in  favor of the policies that our Democratic colleagues advocate, which is  to shut down pipelines, ban drilling, make sure we make less energy,  make sure we produce less oil and gas, the energy we need for our daily  lives, because when you do produce much less, prices go up. The  American people are not that enthusiastic about this.   So for our Democratic colleagues, it is a bit of a dilemma, right?  How do you satisfy the climate warriors who absolutely want much higher  prices, absolutely want to shut down energy production--but how do you  do that without getting crosswise with the voters who really don't  think that is a good idea? How could you balance that?   Well, there is a way to do it. Just shirk your responsibility and put  it on the Fed. Perfect. Don't deal with legislation. Don't let the  American people know what you want to do. And certainly don't take  responsibility for the consequences of your actions. Let the Fed do it.  And then if the Fed does these policies and prices go through the roof,  blame them. It is perfect.   And, lo and behold, we have the nomination of Sarah Bloom Raskin. She  has very impressive credentials. She is  [[Page S701]]  very smart. But she has also told us exactly what she wants to do. She  has told us repeatedly. She has told us in speeches. She has written  op-eds. She has written articles, right up through last year, where she  has specifically and forcefully advocated that we use the supervisory  powers of the Fed, which are enormous, to steer capital away from  fossil fuel energy companies and steer it toward politically favored  industries. So, in other words, turn the Fed into a body that allocates  capital, turn the Fed into a policymaking arm of the government.   It is a shocking notion that the Fed, which is supposed to be  responsible for monetary policies, supposed to be responsible for  stable prices and full employment, hasn't been doing such a great job  on the stable prices front, by the way.   What they want to do is have the Fed take on this whole new--it is  perfect, from their point of view. It is a way to advance this climate  agenda without having to take responsibility for it.   That is the reason that I am strongly opposed to Sarah Bloom Raskin  serving as the Vice Chair for Supervision on the Fed. But that is not  the reason that every Republican agreed that it would be premature to  vote on her candidacy today. So the reason for that is because she  refuses to answer questions. It was very difficult getting a complete-- I don't know if we even now have a complete application from her. There  were things dribbling out that should have been presented as a complete  package much earlier in this process. But now she has refused to answer  very fundamental questions, especially about a firm called the Reserve  Trust and her role there.   So let me walk through, briefly, the sequence of events, and I think  you will see why we have got some questions. Reserve Trust is a fintech  company. It is based in Colorado. And like many fintech companies, they  decided it would be enormously valuable for them to have direct access  to the Federal Reserve's payment wires. To get that access, they  applied for something that is called a master account.   Well, to my knowledge, the Fed has never approved a master account  for a fintech company of this nature. And so unsurprisingly, the Fed  turned down the application by Reserve Trust for a master account.   Then Sarah Bloom Raskin, who is on the board of Reserve Trust--she  had been a Fed Governor and she had worked in a senior post at Treasury  and then she joined the board of Reserve Trust. Well, after the  application got turned down, Sarah Bloom Raskin called the president of  the Kansas City Fed and lobbied for them to get the account.   Now, how do I know that? Well, it is because the president of the  Kansas City Fed told me. But Sarah Bloom Raskin hasn't. When asked the  question, ``Did you call anyone at the Fed on behalf of the Reserve  Trust,'' she seemed to have developed a case of amnesia--couldn't  recall. That is funny. The person who received the call remembered. And  the chairman of the board of Reserve Trust knew all about this call.  But Sarah Bloom Raskin had no recollection.   So what happened next? So they applied for the master account; it is  turned down; Sarah Bloom Raskin calls the Fed; and then within months,  the Federal Reserve does a 180-degree turn, reverses itself, and  approves the transaction. A few months after that, Sarah Bloom Raskin  steps down from the board and pockets $1.5 million in stocks that she  had been granted.   All right. About that sequence of events, I don't think there is  anybody that disputes the factual accuracy. What we want to know is,  how did this happen? Because now the Reserve Trust is the one fintech  in America that I am aware of that got a master account at the Fed. It  is enormously valuable, at least it is to them. You should see the  advertising they do about it. They were turned down. And then it was  all approved.   So I think we have a responsibility to find out how did that 180- degree reversal by the Fed take place? How was that decision taken? Who  made that decision and why? And we have asked for the documents that  would substantiate that. An explanation first would be nice and  documents to back it up.   We have asked that of Sarah Bloom Raskin. She has told us she doesn't  recall whether or why it was important to Reserve Trust to get the  master account. That is funny. It seems like it was the most important  thing to that company and she was on their board and she made the call.  But this is the kind of stonewalling we are dealing with. Can't get  answers to basic simple questions: Who did you talk to? When did you  talk to them? What was the nature of the conversation?    And from the Fed: What was the review process? What led you to change  your conclusion? Do you have a memo from the general counsel laying out  the case?   By the way, there are lots of applications out there still pending.  There are lots of fintech companies that would love to get the master  account that Reserve Trust got. If there is a way to do that legally, I  think everybody ought to know what it is so that they can decide  whether, as a business matter, they want to pursue that. It is pretty  hard for anybody to pursue that when they get stonewalled, as we are  getting stonewalled.   It is pretty rich when I hear some of my colleagues come down here  and complain that Republicans didn't show up at committee today. This  is the only recourse we have when we are getting stonewalled, and we  can't get an answer to basic questions--which is our responsibility to  get answers to these questions--what else can we do? There is nothing  else we can do. We offered to vote on the five nominees who actually  did provide answers to the questions in their applications. But as I  said, the chairman preferred to have zero people advance today rather  than have five.   And it is particularly rich when you consider this. The chairman  himself, just in the last couple of years, urged his Democratic  colleagues to boycott a Finance Committee markup over nominees that he  wasn't satisfied with.   So I think this context is important. And I remind my colleagues,  Republicans on the Banking Committee are quite happy to vote on five  nominees, including four Fed Governors, but we are not willing to vote  for Ms. Raskin until we get some answers to our questions.   I yield the floor.   