 Madam Speaker, pursuant to the order of the House of March  30, 2022, I offer a motion to instruct on H.R. 4521.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I rise today to urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this motion to  instruct the conferees on our competitiveness legislation.   This motion instructs conference members to agree to section 2502 of  the Senate legislation. This section is simple and common sense. It  says that no person or entity of concern can receive grants, awards, or  other support from the National Science Foundation, federally funded  manufacturing programs, or technology hubs authorized by this  legislation.   A person or entity of concern is generally defined by the Department  of Defense as directed by Congress in previous Defense Reauthorization  Acts.   DOD has identified entities of concern as Communist Chinese military  companies and companies owned or controlled by the People's Liberation  Army, and they have defined persons of concern as individuals  affiliated with these CCP military entities.   Simply put, this motion ensures that we aren't giving taxpayer  dollars to the adversaries who are trying to steal U.S. technology and  use it against us.   The Senate was right to add this important guardrail, and it is only  responsible that we urge our House conferees to ensure it is included  in the final conferenced legislation.   I would like to point out that we wouldn't have this particular  difference in our bills had the process of passing the House  legislation been done in regular order.   The COMPETES Act was developed in a back room by the Speaker's office  [[Page H4047]]  with very little input or review from relevant committees.   Although thoroughly vetted and bipartisan Science Committee bills  were included in that package, they were sandwiched in among unrelated,  partisan spending that added up to a backdoor attempt to pass parts of  the Build Back Better Act. Because of this rushed, opaque bill-writing  process, unsurprisingly, the COMPETES Act had a lot of flaws.   Despite less than 3 days to review the bill text, Members submitted  more than 600 amendments to the bill. But the Rules Committee, with  very little input, made in order only 261; and of that number, only  three Republican amendments were given individual debate time on the  floor, with all other Republican amendments being considered en bloc.  Not only did Members have little opportunity to write this bill, but  they also had almost no opportunity to fix its flaws.   I could go on about the danger of passing massive bills like this out  of regular order, but for now I will focus on this particular issue.  This provision preventing funds from going to Chinese military entities  and persons of concern was submitted as a part of multiple Republican  amendments to the Rules Committee, but none of these amendments were  made in order. I fail to see how amendments limiting taxpayer funds  from going to China isn't relevant to a bill about competitiveness with  China.   Democrats' failure to include similar language in the COMPETES Act is  an unfortunate example of an unwillingness to be strong on China and  protect our national security. But we have a chance to rectify that  now.   Madam Speaker, surely we can all agree that we shouldn't be sending  taxpayer dollars to Communist leadership in China. They are already  stealing our discoveries and using them to surpass us economically and  militarily. We are spending the time, money, and effort to plant the  seeds of new technologies, but China is the one harvesting the crop.   We have a once-in-a-generation opportunity to pass legislation to  improve U.S. technology and to set us up to be globally competitive for  the coming decade.   The Science Committee has spent 2 years preparing for this  opportunity. Working together, Republicans and Democrats held meetings  with stakeholders, conducted in-depth hearings, and individually marked  up more than a dozen bills to strategically scale-up America's research  and development capacities.   Those bills all passed out of committee unanimously, and many passed  across the floor with strong bipartisan support. They double down on  investment in basic research at the National Science Foundation, the  Department of Energy Office of Science and National Labs, and the  National Institute of Standards and Technology.   They also direct the creation and regular review of a national  science and technology strategy, as well as improving STEM education  and regional research opportunities.   The Science Committee bills are targeted to the areas where  government investment is most needed and will give us the biggest  reward. We ensure our approach is strategic, focusing on the  technologies of the future like quantum sciences, artificial  intelligence, and advanced manufacturing. We will keep America  competitive and secure and help create good jobs here at home.   This legislation should be the foundation for the conference  legislation, not the COMPETES Act, which is more of a climate change  bill than a technology bill, and not the bill formerly known as USICA,  which is a grab-bag of special interest provisions cobbled together  into a franken-bill.   There is a lot of chaff to separate from the wheat of this bill, but  I believe we can come to smart, consensus policy through the  conference. The Science Committee worked together to pass strong  bipartisan legislation, and I think our process, as well as our end  result, should serve as a model moving forward.   I am looking forward to getting to work and paring down these bills  to the smart policies we need. It is urgent that we act now. Democratic  leadership delayed the legislation for 9 months. I assure you the  Chinese Communist Party isn't doing the same. Let's stop playing  politics with something so important.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to pass this motion, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Babin).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  California (Mrs. Kim).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Oklahoma (Mrs. Bice).    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Arkansas (Mr. Westerman).    Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. McCaul).    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Ohio (Mr. Chabot).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Nebraska (Mr. Smith).    Madam Speaker, I have no further requests for time. I am  prepared to close, and I believe I have the right to close, so I  continue to reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   I thank my colleagues for their words of support for this motion.   As I said when we began this debate, we have a once-in-a-generation  chance to strengthen U.S. science and technology and secure a place in  the global economy. The Science, Space, and Technology Committee has  passed strategic, bipartisan legislation to do just that. Our bills  double our investment in critical research and technology. They are a  strong commitment to America's technological development.   There is no question that our bills should be the core of the final  conferenced legislation. We can't afford to pollute these critical  policies with partisan poison pills and throw away our deliberate,  strategic approach for long-term growth in favor of the one-time  spending spree in the COMPETES Act.   There is a difference between empty spending and making an  investment. The COMPETES Act is empty, unfocused spending. The Science,  Space, and Technology Committee has passed targeted, bipartisan  investments in research and technology. They will pay off in more jobs,  a stronger economy, and a more secure homeland.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support that approach and to  support guardrails to ensure that our taxpayer investments aren't going  to Communist leadership in China. That is why this motion is so  important.   This isn't a partisan issue. It has been part of Senator Schumer's  legislative text on competitiveness from day one. That is because this  is basic, commonsense policy, and I can't imagine that any of our  constituents would disagree with that.   Madam Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to pass this motion, and I  yield back the balance of my time.   