 Madam President, like many of my colleagues, I  often speak about my family here on the Senate floor. As most of my  colleagues know, I grew up poor and spent years of my childhood living  in public housing. I never knew my biological dad, and my mom and my  adopted father did the best they could for our family with the very  little they had.   I think that small part of my life is well known, but what may not be  known to many people is that my parents were Democrats. Sadly, the  Democratic Party my parents belonged to no longer exists. Today's  Democratic Party would be totally unrecognizable to my parents, just as  it is to millions of Americans all across our country right now.   I am a proud Republican. It is no secret that I am trying to expand  my party, but I still believe in the benefits of our centuries-old two- party system. It makes our Nation stronger; it pushes us to listen to  both sides, work together, and leads to progress.   That is why the filibuster is so important. As a rule, the filibuster  embodies what is most essential to the survival of our Republic. It  weakens the sometimes attractive nature of tribalism and bolsters the  importance of and need for consensus when crafting policy.  [[Page S310]]    The filibuster protects our democratic process. That is why the  Founders designed the Senate to operate this way, as a cooling saucer  that could resist the temptation of political expediency that leads our  country to wild swings in policy and position.   I make this point not only to highlight the foolishness of doing away  with this rule as my Democratic colleagues would like to do but to draw  attention to the gravely concerning abandonment of democratic  principles we see in today's Democratic Party.   Madam President, I take no joy in saying this, but today's Democratic  Party has become the new anti-democracy party. The terrifying examples  of this are all around us: packing the Supreme Court, pushing a radical  Federal takeover of State elections, ignoring our laws on border  enforcement and criminal prosecution, and forcing unconstitutional  vaccine mandates on American workers. None of these things give more  power to the people we are elected to represent.    What these dangerous ideas show is that today's Democrats don't  believe that people are capable of getting it right. Democrats don't  think their ideas can win enough elections to control a majority in the  Senate. Senator Schumer said as much just last week. He said that if  the Democrats don't pass their ``Corrupt Politicians Act,'' they will  lose their majority. A party that once prided itself on being a voice  for working Americans like my parents is now turning to authoritarian  tactics to impose its will on government by force because it does not  trust the decision voters will make.   In trying to pack the Supreme Court, Democrats are saying they do not  trust the decisions of the State legislatures--bodies comprised of the  people's elected representatives.   In pushing the Federal takeover of State elections, Democrats are  showing that they know their ideas are too radical to win the approval  of voters, so they need to leave the backdoor open for fraud and the  dilution of votes to win elections and stay in power. That is why they  want to give noncitizens--those here illegally and who may be dangerous  criminals--the sacred right to vote.   In pushing an unconstitutional vaccine mandate, Democrats are making  clear that they don't trust the American people to make smart decisions  for themselves and their families when it comes to their own health.   In the eyes of today's Democrat leaders, disagreement is intolerable.  There are no more opponents; only racists. They allow no room for  compromise because all who disagree are evil, bigoted, and backward.   When the ruling class strips the people of their voice, democracy  dies. When the elites in Washington decide they know better than the  families they are supposed to represent, our American experiment fails.   Madam President, it is a sad day when I think about how  unrecognizable today's Democratic Party would be to my parents, not  because it has naturally evolved or modernized but because it has  abandoned the principles it once fought so hard to protect.   I am sure these words will upset many of my colleagues on the other  side of the aisle. I hope they do, and I hope it drives them to refocus  their party back where it belongs: on the needs of American families.   I yield the floor.   