 Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Lucas for his leadership on  science, which is of so much importance to our country.   It is official; we are in a recession. Joe Biden's economy is a cruel  economy. Americans are finding this out more and more each day.   This morning's economic report shows negative economic growth.  Inflation is crushing our families, our small businesses, and our  entire economy.   Now, Democrats have confirmed that CHIPS is a green light for higher  taxes, corporate welfare, and, even worse, inflation in the future.  They are insisting on hundreds of billions of tax increases on  companies that build and make in America. They are insisting on  unleashing 80,000 new IRS agents on American families, farmers, and  small businesses.   Who in their right mind raises taxes as you are entering a recession?  Now, even Republican sponsors of the CHIPS bill in the Senate are  urging a ``no'' vote.   Good people can disagree on the contents of the semiconductor issues  here. My view is that the original bill misses the mark on national  security and provides tax subsidies that aren't warranted.   China is targeting 10 of our American technologies and industries,  including robotics, biotech, artificial intelligence, and on and on. It  is a mistake and missed opportunity to subsidize one and help one while  ceding nine of our industries and technologies to China. I believe our  approach should be to lift all of our industries up so they can compete  and win against China.   I also believe we have the strongest semiconductor industry on this  planet. No one sells more chips around the world than we do. We sell  nearly half of  [[Page H7377]]  all the chips. The sales of the chips in America, the market in the  world, we sell nearly half of it. Our production has been growing for  20 years. It is one of our biggest exports, and we have reliable supply  chains because almost half of our chips for America are made here in  America.   I think there is a smarter way to tackle this issue. I am, like  others, stunned by the turnaround--I think the deceit--among Senate  Democrats on taxes and tying it, unfortunately, to this bill.   