 Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise to support this important legislation that  Congressman Wilson and I have cosponsored. We have had bipartisan  support on this legislation as well.   It is important that we support Ukraine in every way possible.  America does not have to give up its blood from our soldiers in this  war, we only have to give our treasure. What a bargain that is for  America. We supply and help Ukrainians fight the Russians. Putin sees  this as a war against America and the West. We are fortunate.  Eventually, it would come to NATO lands, and it will be our blood, not  just our treasure that we would have to give.   The Ukrainians are doing a great job, but they need our help and  support. I hope they get airplanes, too. Every bomb that falls on the  people in the hospitals and kills innocent lives could be prevented,  and we should try to do all we can to prevent it.   Madam Speaker, I met today with the President of Georgia. I met with  the President of Kosovo. They both are concerned that Putin's got his  eyes on their countries as well. And he does. He is looking at the  Balkans. He is looking at the Baltic, where I visited Lithuania. I have  been to Estonia and Latvia; he desires those countries, too. He wants  to put together a repeat of what they had as the great Russian empire.  And he won't be stopped unless we do it. If we can do it with Ukrainian  men and women fighting, we are lucky and we are fortunate, and we  should do all we can to help them.    Putin is a bully, and you don't stop a bully with kindness and  negotiations. You have to stand up to that person. Stand up to the  bully. That is the only thing they understand and respect.   We need to continue our sanctions and sanction him into oblivion. We  need to support Ukraine or else this war will go on and America will be  at risk of being personally involved. Ukraine is the battleground now.  America will be next through NATO and other efforts of Putin.   Glory to Ukraine. Glory to the United States of America.   