 Madam President, I rise this afternoon to express my  support for the Postal Service Reform Act, a piece of legislation that  we expected to be on the Senate floor this week and look forward to it  appearing shortly.   The U.S. Postal Service has been struggling to stay financially  solvent for years, and I am pleased Congress is finally--I say  ``finally.'' I think for as long as I have been in the Senate and  perhaps as long as I have been in Congress, we have been working to  address  [[Page S689]]  this issue, and I am pleased we are about to do so.   The Postal Service has long been an essential piece of American  communication and commerce, but its financial condition has recently,  at least, threatened its future. Kansas's rural communities, in  particular, where broadband access to brick-and-mortar businesses is  limited, rely heavily upon the essential services of the Postal Service  as a means of staying connected and competitive.   The familiar sight of a U.S. Postal Service truck--the jeep, the  truck that goes down our country roads making its deliveries--is part  of the daily life for Kansas's farmers, ranchers, businesses, and  neighborhoods.   For rural America, the Postal Service--their mailman or their  mailwoman--is often the glue that keeps those communities connected to  the rest of the country. In many instances, we rely upon our postal  carriers to make certain that somebody is alive and well, that they are  OK in their homes, and report odd behavior or a crime that might occur.  Our postal carriers are a significant component of the fabric of our  communities.   Unique in its ability to reach nearly every address in America, the  Postal Service is an indispensable piece of infrastructure, in fact,  created by the Constitution of the United States giving us the  instructions to provide postal roads.   During the height of the pandemic, the Postal Service employees  maintained their delivery routes, bringing essential medicines,  groceries, and vital supplies to families' doorsteps.   We pay a lot of attention to veterans' issues, and I would highlight  how important the Postal Service is for those who served our Nation. In  most instances, it is how they receive their prescription drugs. It is  beyond just handwritten cards and notes, although those are clearly  important and, again, an important component of our life. We all enjoy  receiving those. But the Nation is reminded firsthand about the  irreplaceable role of the Postal Service.   As I said, in my earliest days since representing Kansas in Congress,  I have advocated for the preservation of rural post offices and  commonsense reforms to ensure the Postal Service's stability.   With every conversation I have had with the Postmaster General, I  have reminded them perhaps they should spend less money on consultants  and listen to their employees who might be the best people to tell them  what they might do to improve their efficiency and save costs.   When a post office closes--and we have had a few of those happen too  frequently in Kansas--it creates problems for businesses and families;  it may cause significant harm to the local economy; and it certainly  makes a difference in the lives of seniors in those communities.   For the past several sessions of Congress, the Senator from Delaware,  Senator Carper, and I have introduced postal reform legislation and  worked together with the goal of putting the Postal Service on firmer  financial footing, improving service, and allowing for the development  of new revenue streams and enhancing transparency through performance  metrics.   I have indicated to the Postmaster General in my conversations that  the solution to the post office's financial conditions cannot be simply  reducing services. The more services are reduced, the less likely  Americans will or can use the Postal Service.   So closing post offices, shortening the number of days in which mail  is delivered, reducing the hours of the post office, slowing the  delivery of the mail, closing mail-sorting centers can't be the  solution to making certain that the post office has a bright future and  that Americans are served.   The Postal Service Reform Act of 2022, which I hope is on the floor  soon for our consideration, was passed by the House last week, and we  look forward to its arrival here. It builds upon our previous attempts  to accomplish postal reform.   Included in these reforms is the creation of a new Postal Service  Health Benefits Program and focusing on reestablishing--stabilizing the  USPS's finances, instead of funding benefits in advance.   The bill will allow the Postal Service to enter into agreements with  State, local, and Tribal governments as a new method of revenue for the  Agency.   I am also pleased that the bill will codify 6-day delivery, which is  a provision I have long supported in my role as an appropriator and one  that greatly benefits rural Kansas homes, where mail delivery is more  difficult.   The Postal Service Reform Act represents a great step forward to  ensure that Kansans and Americans can continue to rely upon the U.S.  Postal Service. I am a sponsor of this bill, and I intend to support it  when it arrives in the Senate for a vote and urge my colleagues to join  me in doing so.   I yield the floor.   