 Mr. President, before he leaves, I want to thank my  colleague from Massachusetts. We have worked often together on these  democracy issues, and I look forward to doing that in the days ahead.   I also want to commend Senator Klobuchar from Minnesota because she  has been our point person on the Rules Committee, which is central to  this whole debate. I think we all understand what is at stake. That is  what my colleagues have been outlining. And I think we have been very  fortunate to have Senator Klobuchar at the helm. She and I have worked  together on one of the issues I am going to talk about, vote by mail,  but I just want people to understand how valuable she has been.   Mr. President and colleagues, a year ago today, not far from where we  stand this afternoon, domestic terrorists tried to beat our democracy  to the ground. They might have been successful were it not for the  police officers who defended our democracy as they were viciously  attacked and beaten. Before anything else is said, in my view, by an  elected official, we need to salute these officers and all those who  work day in and day out alongside them here in the Capitol. For their  courage, we ought to be internally grateful.   The insurrection on January 6 was instigated by the former President,  who wanted to undo the results of a democratic election. Let's also  understand that, unfortunately, inciting the mob wasn't the end of it.  Donald Trump didn't exactly walk quietly off into the sunset after the  Biden inauguration. The effort to undermine our democracy, to end free  and fair elections in America, goes on as we speak.   Support for the Big Lie is essentially unchanged from where it was a  year ago. An awful lot of Republicans who said after January 6 that  they were done with the former President have cozied back up to him  just 12 months later. The only reason the mob is not here today is  Donald Trump didn't summon them back.   Now, in my view, it is our job to ensure that another attack like  this, or by any other means, never succeeds. We will have more to say  about those issues in the days ahead.   In my view, protecting the vote has got to be step one in protecting  democracy. A guiding principle for the Senate must be that while  politics may guide a citizen's vote, it should never determine whether  they are allowed to vote. To act otherwise would undermine the very  foundations of a representative democracy, empowering voters with a  system built on integrity and accountability, a system that promotes  participation rather than discourages it, a system with a real history  of bipartisanship.   I say to the Presiding Officer and colleagues, that is the kind we  have in my home State of Oregon. Oregon believes so strongly in the  right to vote that everybody gets a ballot sent straight to their home.   I am honored to say that I was the first U.S. Senator elected in an  all vote-by-mail election. Back then, it was Oregon Republicans who  were pushing to expand vote-by-mail. A Democratic Governor even vetoed  a vote-by-mail bill in 1995. Right after my election, the Oregon  Republicans flipped back, and vote-by-mail was suddenly, oh, so bad.   Everything flipped a few months later, when my friend, Gordon Smith,  a Republican from eastern Oregon, became the second U.S. Senator to be  elected by mail. At this point, Oregon voters said: We have just had it  with everybody looking for some kind of partisan slant here. We just  think vote-by-mail is a really terrific idea. They went out to vote on  a ballot measure, and they chose to make Oregon's elections all vote- by-mail, passing it with 70 percent of the vote in 1998.   This, in my view, was the culmination of a process that started 40  years ago with some local elections in Linn County, a small county in  the western part of our State. It grew and grew from there. Election  officials learned that when you let people vote at home, participation  goes up, and the costs go down.   One of the biggest defenders of Oregon's vote-at-home system was the  late Dennis Richardson. He was our secretary of state. And by his  characterization, he was about as conservative--a Republican as you  could get.   But when the Trump era came along and people criticized our elections  and said, ``Oh, there is all this fraud,'' spouting lies about it, the  late Dennis Richardson stood up and said: I am a conservative  Republican. They are wrong. They are wrong in what they are saying  about Oregon.   He even wrote to Donald Trump in 2017: ``We are confident that voter  fraud in last November's election did not occur in Oregon.''   Every election now, young Oregonians watch their parents voting  around their kitchen table, and it is a real inspiration to the next  generation to make sure they are committed voters. Voting at home gives  you the opportunity to be more informed. If there is a particular  measure, initiative, or a race that you haven't researched, you get  time to look into the options.   When you are done, your ballot goes into a security envelope, you  sign the outside, and off it goes. For me, that is when I head from our  home in Southeast Portland to the Sellwood branch of the Multnomah  County Public Library, drop my ballot in the collection box, and head  home--no long lines, no glitchy touchscreen systems, just hassle-free  voting.   A recent analysis in the Election Law Journal said that of all 50  States, voting is easiest in Oregon. And Senator Klobuchar, I have  heard colleagues go back and forth to say who is No. 1 in participation  and who is No. 1 in all of these aspects. And I think, like a number of  other States, we are all kind of competing for the highest turnout  rates. We get some of the highest in the country. We have been a leader  in terms of increasing turnout among Black and Latino voters. Voter  registration is automatic. It is as easy as a trip to the Department of  Motor Vehicles.   For myself--and Senator Klobuchar and I have talked about this so  often over the years--I have been proposing legislation to have  universal at-home voting since 2002. That is what my Vote at Home Act  would do. It would give every American the right to vote the Oregon  way, the vote that my neighbors and I can do. I will say here on the  Senate floor that I guarantee that, if you do it the Oregon way, it  will be a nationwide hit immediately.   Letting people vote at home is also the best defense against some of  the really horrendous methods of suppressing the vote; for example,  what we have seen over the last few years with State and local  governments shutting polling places, particularly ones that serve Black  and Latino voters--what unforgivable actions.   These days, in some areas, Republicans are making it illegal to give  food and water to people standing in line to vote. It shouldn't be a  test of physical stamina to be able to vote. Nobody should have to  wonder if they will be able to vote if they step out of line to go to a  bathroom. Nobody should have to sacrifice an entire day to participate  in this incredible, incredible democratic system that is America.  [[Page S77]]    That is why I proposed the People Over Long Lines Act, called the  POLL Act. The bill says State governments have to guarantee that  everybody who votes in person can do so within 30 minutes. Anybody who  is forced to wait longer has a legal action they can bring. If they sue  and win, it is 50 bucks for waiting longer than 30 minutes and 50 bucks  more for every hour after that.   A free bit of advice to States: Get ready. Make sure people don't  have to wait in lines. One of the best ways to make sure they don't  have to wait in lines is to let them vote at home.   It is not just Oregon, by the way, that votes by mail. And I think,  Senator Klobuchar, we heard some of our colleagues talk about their  States and voting by mail. If you need another example, let's think  about the U.S. Armed Forces. Most servicemembers and their families  vote by mail in every election. All of the people who wear the uniform  of the United States can vote by mail in every Federal election. It has  been that way for decades.   So the bottom line is that we think it is time to get the Oregon  system into every nook and cranny in America. We feel that way because  it works. It raises voter participation, it lowers the cost of running  elections, it helps voters be more informed, and it is safe and secure.  And if you are resisting safe and efficient elections with higher voter  turnout, then you are suppressing democracy in America.   My home State of Oregon shows the way to preserve America.   I am going to close my remarks, but I think we will have Senator  Klobuchar speak for all of us here in a moment. But, in my closing, I  want to touch just for a moment on my family that I am so proud of.   My German family fled their homeland, a place where they were deeply  rooted in that nation's society, as my grandfather was a Member of  Parliament and served on the Berlin city council.   My family was forced, as Jews, to flee the fascists who had taken  over their democracy. They fled to America as the last remaining beacon  of freedom. With that freedom, my dad chose to serve in our Army, which  fought against German fascism, and my dad has been recognized for his  unique contributions.   We were so thrilled, for example, to have the Senators from Maryland  talk about the Ritchie Boys. My dad was one of the Ritchie Boys, a  German kid who taught himself English so he could be out there fighting  the Nazis. And I remember the good work of the Senators from Maryland  and how thrilled our family was about that.   My dad was about the greatest patriot around. He felt he was so lucky  to be an American, to be in our Army, to stand up for American values.  And my final remark here today is about my dad. If my dad were alive  today, he would tell us: Senators, make sure that the light in  America's beacon of freedom never goes out.   With that, I yield the floor.   