 Mr. Speaker, I claim time in opposition to the amendment.    Mr. Speaker, I would note if there has to be a Democrat  in that seat, there is no Democrat I would rather see than the  gentleman from New York. He is a fine gentleman who I have worked with  over the years and respect greatly.   As the ranking member of the Asia and Pacific Subcommittee and a co- chair of the U.S.-Philippines Friendship Caucus, I would submit that  our alliance with the Philippines is one of our most important  relationships across the globe. We have partnered with them for over 70  years now, and cooperation between our two nations is just as important  today as it has ever been.   In the face of territorial aggression in the South China Sea by the  People's Liberation Army, which of course is the military wing of the  Chinese Communist Party, the CCP, our partnership with the Philippines  serves as a geostrategic counterweight to China. As Chairman Xi seeks  to control international maritime trade routes, including key waterways  like the Luzon Strait, the Philippines remains a critical partner in  checking his nefarious ambitions.   As with all our strongest alliances, our relationship with the  Philippines extends beyond military affairs, for example, to  cooperation in law enforcement. Our joint efforts with the Philippines  in this regard are really critical to strengthening maritime security  as well as tackling the evils of human trafficking and narcotics  trafficking.   Of course, we have all been appalled by former President Duterte's  brutal drug war, particularly its extrajudicial killings. Such  brutality was the primary reason why Congress suspended International  Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement assistance to the Philippine  National Police.   However, it would be self-defeating to simply cut off all cooperation  with Philippine law enforcement, as this amendment seeks to do. The  amendment would end maritime law enforcement activities that strengthen  U.S. national security. It would block joint efforts to pursue drug  traffickers and child traffickers, and it would stop human rights and  rule of law assistance.   Fortunately, the June 30 inauguration of President Marcos is an  opportunity to strengthen the U.S.-Philippines relationship to address  not only threats to maritime security in the Indo-Pacific but also  human rights and respect for rule of law.   This amendment would undermine the Biden administration and those of  us in Congress who are working towards these efforts. It would curtail  cooperative efforts between our security forces at a time when Chairman  Xi seeks to dismantle our more than 70-year mutual security partnership  with the Philippines. It doesn't make sense.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues for all the reasons that I just  mentioned to oppose this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Mr. Speaker, just to conclude and actually reiterate some of my  previous remarks, I have been the co-chair of the Philippines  Friendship Caucus, the Republican co-chair, along with my colleague   Bobby Scott from Virginia, for quite a few years now. We were both  appalled by President Duterte's looking the other way and actually  probably being involved to some degree directly in the command of a lot  of the extrajudicial killings as well as the loss of life and brutality  that took place for quite a few years.   We agreed with him on the war on drugs. Drugs kill far too many  Filipinos and kill far too many Americans. But we do not agree on  extrajudicial measures which take human life.   However, this is an opportunity now, because that government is in  the past, and we have a new government. This is a new opportunity to  build up this relationship once again between these two key allies, the  United States and the Philippines. It is an important relationship,  particularly when one considers that our principal challenge across the  globe right now is countering the nefarious actions of the CCP, the  Chinese Communist Party.   So I would urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Although well  intentioned, I think ultimately it would do more harm than good.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose it, and I yield back the  balance of my time.   