 Madam Speaker, I thank Representative McBath for  yielding time.  [[Page H5423]]    Madam Speaker, 8 years ago, my own community of Isla Vista near UC  Santa Barbara saw firsthand the horror and the trauma that a mass  shooting brings. In 8 years since that attack, we have stood in  solidarity with other communities reeling from the hundreds of mass  shootings in our schools, our shopping malls, our houses of worship,  and our Main Streets.   Madam Speaker, I share the outrage and frustration of the majority of  Americans and many of my colleagues here in Congress that there are  some in Congress who have kept us from doing our job to protect  children by blocking commonsense gun safety measures.   I stand before you today as the author of a gun safety measure that  has enjoyed bipartisan support, that has been implemented in  Republican- and Democratic-led States alike, and that has been proven  to reduce gun deaths and stop mass shootings before they happen. I am  speaking about extreme risk protection orders or, as they are more  commonly known, red flag laws.   These laws are simple. If an individual is showing signs that they  may be a danger to themselves or others, a police officer or a family  member can, through due process, go to a judge and request an extreme  risk protection order, which temporarily bars that person from owning  or purchasing a firearm. These laws are already on the books in 19  States and the District of Columbia, and in those places, they have  saved lives.   Part of the reason these laws work is because warning signs of mass  shootings are not as rare as you might think. In fact, a U.S. study of  school violence found that the majority of incidents come with clear  warning signs, which we have seen before in some of our most infamous  school shootings: Columbine, Sandy Hook, Parkland, and even Uvalde.   That is why, in the wake of these tragedies, Republican- and  Democratic-led States have approved red flag laws that have gone on to  intervene in thousands of potentially violent attacks before they  happen.   Florida residents, for example, have used ERPOs more than 8,000 times  since they implemented their red flag law after the Parkland shooting.  California implemented their red flag law after the UCSB Isla Vista  attack in my community.   Police officers have used it to prevent numerous workplace attacks  and other violent incidents. These red flag laws are also critical to  reducing the largest form of gun deaths in our country, suicide by  firearm.    Madam Speaker, as someone who lost one of my own  siblings to suicide by a gun, I personally am proud to stand in this  Chamber today in her memory, Carmen, to see my bill come to a vote.   This measure is popular, bipartisan, and common sense. That may be  why Republican Senators have introduced similar legislation in the  past, to incentivize States to expand red flag laws and support States  that already have them.   There is no bill that we can pass that would be the panacea to solve  our violence overnight, but with this measure and those that we passed  yesterday, we can make a major difference. We need to do this now.   