 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, last week, our Nation celebrated one  of our great, distinctly American holidays. In President Reagan's  Thanksgiving proclamation in 1982, he wrote eloquently of the ``divine  plan [that] placed this great continent here between the oceans to be  found by people from every corner of the Earth who had a special love  of faith and freedom.''   On Thursday, millions of families sat down to catch up with loved  ones, enjoy food and fellowship, and reflect on the incredible blessing  it is to get to call the United States of America our home, and we kept  in our prayers the many brave servicemembers and first responders who  were missing at their own families' holiday tables this year in order  to keep the rest of us safe and protected at ours.   This year, for too many families, Thanksgiving also brought added  stress and anxiety: 2 years of ruinous inflation that have pushed up  the costs of everything from food to travel, to housing, to home  heating and electricity.   In January 2021, with inflation well within a normal range, President  Biden and this all-Democratic Party government took power, talking a  big game about ``rebuild[ing] the middle class.'' Instead, they  promptly set out eroding away the ground from right underneath middle- class families' feet, taking a match to trillions of dollars and  igniting the worst inflation in 40 years.   On President Biden's watch, the average American household is paying  an extra $110 a month on food, an extra $111 on housing, $270 more on  transportation, and $147 more on energy. That is more than $750 in  hidden Democratic inflation taxes for the average household--thousands  of extra dollars per family, per year, because Washington Democrats  jumped headlong into party-line reckless spending that every expert and  every Republican warned would hurt our country.   All in all, prices have soared by 13.9 percent since President Biden  put his hand on the Bible. Thanks to his party's reckless spending,  inflation is the highest it has been since the fallout of the Carter  administration.   So it is no wonder this was a painfully costly Thanksgiving. Staples  from turkey to potatoes, to green beans have seen double-digit price  increases in just the past year--inflation literally on top of  inflation.   This runaway inflation has been hitting families hard everywhere. In  the State of Georgia, for example, local food assistance organizations  reported skyrocketing demand heading into the holidays. The CEO of the  Atlanta Community Food Bank said: ``We're basically back to the same  level of demand we were at during the height''--the height--``of the  pandemic.''   There is a charitable organization saying that Democrats' party-line  policies have created an economic environment that is on par with the  worst of the COVID shutdown.   On the Democrats' watch, rising housing costs in Georgia outpaced the  already big jump in the nationwide average. One relief agency says  requests for emergency rent, utility, and food assistance have jumped  40 percent this year.   Two years of one-party Democratic control in Washington have been a  disaster for working families in Georgia, and their two Senators  haven't just failed to stop the damage. They have helped cause it and  cheered it on.   Georgia's Senate delegation of two Democratic Senators has been a  lockstep rubberstamp along party lines for every bit of reckless  liberal spending and painful tax hikes. Just when working families in  Georgia needed checks and balances, what they got were reckless  rubberstamps.   Earlier this month, after the American people voted to break up  Democrats' one-party government, President Biden insisted defiantly:  ``I'm not going to change the direction.''   It has been 2 years since the Senate Democratic leader said that if  he got Georgia's two Senate seats, he would change America. Well, they  certainly have done that. On party lines, Democrats' squandered a  promising economic comeback and spent us into staggering inflation. And  now President Biden says he has learned nothing and will change  nothing.   The Democrats have shown the American people what they will do with  power. But in the United States of America, the power ultimately lies  with the people, and in a little over a week, the people of Georgia  will have the ability to make their choice--between a check and balance  or a rubberstamp.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   