 Madam President, on February 19, 1942--and that will be 80  years ago this coming Saturday--President Franklin D. Roosevelt issued  Executive Order 9066, authorizing the blatantly racist mass  incarceration of essentially all Japanese Americans inside the United  States at the time. This was an indefensible move--one that resulted in  locking up about 120,000 decent, hard-working, innocent people based on  nothing other than their race.   Two years later, in one of the most shameful moments in America's  judicial history, the U.S. Supreme Court deferred to the Roosevelt  administration's blatantly racist and equally unconstitutional  imprisonment of Japanese Americans. Writing for the majority in a case  called Korematsu v. United States, Associate Justice Hugo Black, a  Justice with a history of bigotry, unconscionably glossed over the  countless constitutional violations built into the race-based interment  of innocent American citizens, who the Court acknowledged ``were loyal  to this country overwhelmingly,'' based on the fact that ``[t]here was  evidence of disloyalty on the part of some'' Japanese Americans and  ``military authorities considered that the need for action was great.''   In a moment one might expect from someone like Justice Black, who had  a history of bigotry, he cavalierly dismissed the blatant racism  inherent in this action, reasoning that ``[t]o cast this case into  outlines of racial prejudice, without reference to the real military  dangers which were presented, merely confuses the issue.''   Tragically, Justice Black, blinded perhaps by his own intolerance and  bigotry or perhaps by his loyalty to the President who had appointed  him just a few years earlier, missed the obvious point: Racial  prejudice was the issue. That was the whole point. I agree with the  characterization later provided by now-Chief Justice Roberts, just a  few years ago, in 2018, when he noted that ``Korematsu was gravely  wrong the day it was decided, [and] has been overruled in the court of  history, and--to be clear--'has no place in the law under the  Constitution.'''    No person should ever be in prison solely due to their race. It  shouldn't be even a factor in anyone's imprisonment--certainly not in  the United States of America.   Japanese internment is one of the very worst examples--one of the  very worst examples--of our government rejecting its founding  principles. It is something that should be remembered so that it can  never be repeated. Despite this mistreatment by government, Japanese  Americans served faithfully in many capacities during World War II and  have continued to serve our Nation and their communities in  irreplaceable ways. Their contributions are worthy of remembrance and  celebration.   Regrettably, the United States has failed to meet other, admittedly,  far less fundamental obligations it has made to individuals and to  States. One of those obligations is relevant here, ironically arising  in the context of an effort to honor victims of FDR's internment of  Japanese Americans. The Federal Government has neglected commitments  made by Congress to Western States at the time of their admission to  dispose of large swaths of Federal land. Similar promises had been made  to most States that were admitted into the Union ever since the  Louisiana Purchase. But for the fact that Congress honored such  promises with respect to a lot of these States, including States like  Illinois and Missouri, the Federal Government would still, to this day,  own around 90 percent of those States. The same could be said of many,  many others.   Although Utah received such assurances from Congress prior to its  admission into the Union in 1896, using essentially identical language,  Utah is still waiting for the Federal Government to honor its end of  the bargain. However, unlike States like Illinois and Missouri, which  received the benefit of the Federal bargain, Utah did not. The Federal  Government still owns more than two-thirds of all the land in my State,  resulting in an extraordinary amount of environmental, economic, and  educational consequences that hurt Utahns, particularly those Utahns in  poor and rural communities.   In fact, in a blatant insult to the people whose families settled and  developed much of the rural West and their communities, the Federal  Government continues to limit and restrict access, commerce, mining,  drilling, and grazing on land it had promised to relinquish. Rural  farms, industries, and communities are shrinking and dying because of  this continually broken promise.   To add insult to injury, the Feds routinely fail to care properly for  the land in their portfolio. The maintenance backlog in the National  Park System is years long and $12 billion in the hole. The Bureau of  Land Management controls vast swaths of the Western United States, and  it controls them from Washington, DC, with little interest or regard  for the people whose livelihoods and way of life depend on that land.   This relationship remains a vexing problem for everyday life in Utah.  Businesses are shuttered because the Federal Government capriciously  halts mineral extraction authority. Ranches go bankrupt because the  Bureau of Land Management ends grazing rights in areas where families  have raised cattle for generations. And just last week, Federal land  managers damaged an exquisite collection of dinosaur fossils and would  have continued doing so but for the intervention of a noble citizen  named Jeremy Roberts, who was willing to call them out on it.   At a time when the Federal Government already owns far more land than  it can manage, Congress should be really cautious about decreasing  Federal land holdings. It should be going out of its way to decrease  its Federal land holdings and doing that rather than increasing them.  Recognition of sites like the Amache camp deserve better than Federal  management. However, if  [[Page S662]]  those representing the State of Colorado think the Federal Government  can do better or, for whatever reason, just want it to be under the  National Park's jurisdiction rather than subject to local control, then  I am not inclined to argue with them.   What I would like to ask is that this land not continue to be  acquired by the Federal Government with no plan in sight for dealing  with the size of the Federal footprint. It is the size of the overall  Federal land estate that worries me because the Federal Government has  not proven a good steward of what it has got. So if we keep adding to  that, it is only going to perpetuate some of these problems.   Now, I have been wrongfully portrayed by some in the media as being  somehow against this historical recognition and against commemorating,  as a warning to future generations and to honor the victims of the  past, one of this Nation's and its government's most tragic missteps. I  continue to negotiate in good faith to find a way forward with this  bill. I have been in communication with the lead sponsor in the House,  and I think there are ways that we can address this--to address both  goals at issue.    I think we need to be able to commemorate these events and we also  need to do so in a way that won't lead to the unfettered expansion of  the Federal land footprint.   So, Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed  to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 255, H.R. 2497. I  further ask that the Lee amendment at the desk be considered and agreed  to; that the committee-reported amendments be agreed to; that the bill,  as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the  motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, I have a couple of points, and I don't  think we are far off in where we are on this.   It is true that it is not an expansive land that is as big as some  other land transfers we see--1 square mile. On the one hand, a lot of  people would regard that as large--640 acres. It is the acreage  equivalent of 1 square mile.   I would note here that I wouldn't call it a federalism argument in  that we have to allow this. There are Federal implications to this that  extend far beyond what a local unit of government might want to do.  What happens is, when you transfer it into the Federal estate, we do  incur additional obligations to make sure that that land is maintained  and managed appropriately. It does cost money, and it takes an expense  off the books of those who would otherwise be maintaining it. So it is  not without any consequence at all. In other words, it is a matter of a  simple operation of federalism to say that we should allow this in this  circumstance.   I would note, moreover, that we have come closer on this. The  amendment that I offered a moment ago that my friend and colleague, the  Senator from Colorado, objected to is one that would allow this to  happen but would require an offset to be made by the appropriate  Federal land managers within 1 year of the transfer of this land.   There is nothing about that that strikes me as being particularly  objectionable, particularly given the fact that the Federal Government  owns and manages about 30 percent of the land mass in the United  States. In my State and in Colorado, it is much more than that. There  is nothing about that that should be particularly objectionable.   With that said, the Senator from Colorado has shaped this legislation  in a meaningful way, and because I have a desire to honor those victims  of this horrific event in American history and the Senator from  Colorado has offered up a separate solution, one that would involve  donation rather than acquisition by the Federal Government, although  that also raises some concerns--over time, I think we have to watch  this because the more we enhance the Federal land footprint, the more  difficult it will be for the Federal Government to keep up with the  maintenance backlog.   But given that this doesn't directly impact concerns quite the way  those same concerns might be implicated if we were having to purchase  it at the outset, I would be inclined, if my friend from Colorado were  interested in offering that amendment, to withhold any objection from  that while noting that it is my hope and expectation that, in moving  forward, we could be more aware of these issues and that, as we see the  Federal land footprint increasing, we can take steps as a body to make  sure that there is some natural stopping point even before we turn to  what I believe we have still got to turn to, which is the commitment  made at statehood that still needs to be honored.   