 Mr. President, 13 kids dead in an elementary school in  Texas right now. What are we doing? What are we doing?   Just days after a shooter walked into a grocery store to gun down  African-American patrons, we have another Sandy Hook on our hands. What  are we doing?   There have been more mass shootings than days in the year. Our kids  are living in fear every single time they set foot in a classroom  because they think they are going to be next. What are we doing?   Why do you spend all this time running for the U.S. Senate? Why do  you go through all the hassle of getting this job, of putting yourself  in a position of authority, if your answer is that, as the slaughter  increases, as our kids run for their lives, we do nothing? What are we  doing? Why are you here if not to solve a problem as existential as  this?   This isn't inevitable. These kids weren't unlucky. This only happens  in this country and nowhere else. Nowhere else do little kids go to  school thinking that they might be shot that day. Nowhere else do  parents have to talk to their kids, as I have had to do, about why they  got locked in a bathroom and told to be quiet for 5 minutes just in  case a bad man entered that building. Nowhere else does that happen  except here in the United States of America, and it is a choice. It is  our choice to let it continue. What are we doing?   In Sandy Hook Elementary School after those kids came back into those  classrooms, they had to adopt a practice in which there would be a safe  word that the kids would say if they started to get thoughts in their  brain about what they saw that day, if they started to get nightmares  during the day, reliving stepping over their classmates' bodies as they  tried to flee the school.   In one classroom, that word was ``monkey.'' Over and over and over  through the day, kids would stand up and yell ``monkey,'' and a teacher  or a paraprofessional would have to go over to that kid, take them out  of the classroom, talk to them about what they had seen, work them  through their issues.   Sandy Hook will never ever be the same. This community in Texas will  never ever be the same.   Why? Why are we here if not to try to make sure that fewer schools  and fewer communities go through what Sandy Hook has gone through, what  Uvalde is going through? Our hearts are breaking for these families.  Every ounce of love and thoughts and prayers we can send, we are  sending. But I am here on this floor to beg, to literally get down on  my hands and knees and beg my colleagues: Find a path forward here.  Work with us to find a way to pass laws that make this less likely.   I understand my Republican colleagues will not agree to everything  that I may support, but there is a common denominator that we can find.  There is a place where we can achieve agreement. This may not guarantee  that America never ever again sees a mass shooting. It may not  overnight cut in half the number of murders that happen in America. It  will not solve the problem of American violence by itself. But by doing  something, we at least stop sending this quiet message of endorsement  to these killers whose brains are breaking, who see the highest levels  of government doing nothing shooting after shooting.   What are we doing? Why are we here? What are we doing?   I yield the floor.   