 Mr. President, I come to the floor here to give an even  simpler argument as it applies in many different areas in addition to  education.   Senator Scott came to the floor to ask for choice, opportunity, and  competition all mixed in together. When you have got that, you have got  the description of a perfect marketplace, whether it is for healthcare,  whether it is for education. And, ironically, the two places in our  country where expenses keep going up and up would be in healthcare.  Most families would put that up there right along with education.   K-12, having that ability to choose where you would want your own  kids to go to school is something that you should never be afraid of.  If you are not interested in it, you are probably trying to hide  something. That would be, in many cases, where you are not mustering  what it takes to minimally educate your own child properly.   I was on a school board for 10 years--2004 through 2014--in Indiana,  a public school system in one of the most Catholic places in the State  of Indiana. I will never forget, a high school tried to start that was  Catholic. Our public school system was so good it couldn't get to first  base, but at least the attempt was made. Not all areas are blessed with  a public school system, as we traditionally know it, offering that top- notch education.   Whenever you do fear competition, transparency--which doesn't  necessarily apply here, but choice, it does--you are probably trying to  cover up something that is not performing.   And, sadly, here is where you need the choice more than any other  place, where folks can't afford to have the choice. And if you are  trapped in one system, what does that say for your kids' future?   I ran a business for 37 years. So many businesses tried to do the  same thing, get involved in markets. It gets concentrated. That is what  is happening in our healthcare industry. It is like an unregulated  utility, and it disguises itself as free enterprise. That is  restricting competition, restricting transparency, restricting choice.   Costs have been going up for decades with no end in sight;  postsecondary education, very similar. Here, all we need to do is take  a system that still has a pretty good value to it, it just is not  producing the results.   Indiana has been one of the leaders in charter schools and choice. We  have over 100 charter schools. I reflect back--I think it was when I  was a State legislator--on a neighboring county, there were three grade  schools. The smallest of the three had to be shut down because of cost  cuts--well, best performing of the three. Those kids would have had to  travel 10, 15 miles to get to one of the other two public schools,  elementary. This place worked as hard as it could over 2 years, scraped  together the resources, and kept their Otwell Miller Academy open. It  was the choice of the parents. They were part of a system that wasn't  working, and they were able to do it. Had it not been for the charter  school policy in our State, that community would have been out of luck.   We have some of the best charters in the country in Indiana because  we are a place that generally embraces competition, transparency,  choice, and no barriers to entry. Whenever the healthcare industry is  trying to lobby for not having more competition, for instance, through  physician-owned hospitals, when public school systems want themselves  to be the only option, sometimes you get lucky, like I did, and went to  a great public school system, but many times you don't, and you are  trapped in a bad system.   Our schools, too, that are charter sometimes are a little more  experimental. They focus on things like STEM, CTE, particular education  that community might need, where if you are brought into the same old  curriculum, the same old process, the same thing that is not generating  even the basic results, you are trapped in something that should never  be the case.   Be for choice. Be for competition. Be for a successful education.   I yield the floor.    It is going to be real easy, real short.   In November, the House of Representatives was returned back to  Republicans. It was in a much wider kind of popular margin when you add  up the votes that we won across the country through the House of  Representatives, slimmer in terms of the number of seats we picked up,  but we got it back.   Why would Republicans go along with a huge spending bill like this  one? It has happened every year since I have been here--no budgeting,  no appropriations that even an appropriator like myself can look at  because it is done behind closed doors.   And all we have got to do is get this into the next Congress.   Congress funds the government through CRs all the time for the wrong  reason--because they don't do the homework; they don't do the regular  order. It kicks the can down the road consistently--standard operating  procedure.   It is a slap in the face to those voters to let the outgoing House  majority set the agenda for the next 10 months.   We shouldn't fund the government with huge omnibus bills in the first  place, and we shouldn't give Pelosi--current Speaker Pelosi--a going- away present when she has been part of the process for all these years.  We should actually do a budget like it is supposed to be done, and we  should not do this as we are heading into a new Congress.   I yield back to the Senator from Utah.   