 Madam President, as you know and as my colleagues know,  our budget process is finally moving.   I wanted to come down to the Senate floor today to say a few words  about the need for disaster relief. I am going to talk about Louisiana  but not just Louisiana. Two States in particular come to mind: Kentucky  and New York. I hesitate to single out specific States because I don't  want to denigrate the needs in other States. We have a number of States  that need disaster relief, and the way to address that issue, it seems  to me, is in our budget bill.   As you know, Louisiana has, like many of our sister States, suffered  many natural disasters throughout our history. My constituents, my  people, are very tough. They are very tired, but they are very tough.  The reason they are tired is because they have been through a nightmare  in the past year and a half--I guess 2 years now. They faced what has  felt to me like a nonstop series of hurricanes, of storms, of floods.  No matter how many times you have been through a natural disaster, I  can tell you, it doesn't get any easier to see your home demolished or  to see your home flood or to see your business blown away.   That is why, as we are working out a government budget deal--and I  hope we can work out a budget deal--I want to make sure that Washington  doesn't forget about my people in Louisiana or forget about the other  Americans who, through no fault of their own, have sustained damage  from a natural disaster and need a little help.   The storms and the floods that hit Louisiana in the last year and a  half are not just a distant memory for many of my people. Louisiana  families are going to have to live with the consequences of everything  the gulf has been throwing at us for a while. That means broken  buildings. That means wrecked homes. That means destroyed businesses.  That means debris cluttering the streets. And that doesn't even begin  to describe the mental anguish of having a hurricane uproot your life  and your livelihood and your kids' education and your ability to go to  church on Sunday.   I wanted to remind all of my colleagues today of the litany of  catastrophes that have befallen my State. I mention this list not to  ask for your pity. Let me say it again. Louisianians are tough. We are  tough as a boot. We are tired. But I want my colleagues to understand  that I am not talking about a simple rain shower here. My people have  been through a lot.   In August of 2020, Hurricane Laura made landfall in Louisiana.  Hurricane  [[Page S697]]  Laura destroyed or damaged more than 100,000 homes. Laura leveled or  damaged almost every single building--every one--in the city of Lake  Charles.   Then came Hurricane Delta right behind Laura in October of 2020.  Delta left more than half a million Americans--rather, Louisianians and  Americans, of course--without power, not just for a few minutes, not  just for a few hours, for days.   That very same month, Hurricane Zeta tore through Louisiana. Zeta  caused approximately 400,000 Louisianians to lose power and damaged  many of their homes and businesses.   A few months went by, and now we are in February of 2021. A historic  winter storm hit my State, froze my State, and 37,000 people lost  power.   Now, even when temperatures warmed, we didn't find any relief because  that May, historic rainfall soaked parts of my State. By parts, I don't  mean a little bitty corner of my State; I mean big parts of my State.  The rainfall drenched Lake Charles. Remember, I referenced Lake Charles  with respect to Laura, which had already been battered. Twelve inches  of rain hit Lake Charles. You know the result. If you get 12 inches of  rain in a short period of time, as we did in Lake Charles, you are  going to flood; I don't care if you live on Pikes Peak.   Then Hurricane Ida made landfall in August of 2021. Ida was one of  the worst hurricanes ever to devastate my State and one of the worst  hurricanes ever to make landfall in the United States of America. The  only hurricanes that have matched its strength in terms of wind speed  are Hurricane Laura and the Last Island Hurricane of 1856. Wind speeds  for Hurricane Ida were clocked at well over 100 miles per hour; in some  cases, 120, 135 miles per hour. Ida damaged more than 90,000 homes and  caused roughly a fifth of all the people in my State to lose power--and  I don't mean to lose power for a little while; lose power for days,  weeks, months.   We are still catching our breath, as you can tell, but just as we  were about to catch our breath, we had another hurricane, Hurricane  Nicholas. It hit Louisiana with, depending on the area, between 5 and  10 inches of rain, and that was only a few weeks after Ida.   Now, after all of these floods, after all of these hurricanes, after  all of these storms, after all of these catastrophic rain events, after  this terrible string of disasters, FEMA is implementing Risk Rating  2.0, a plan that is going to make flood insurance virtually  unaffordable for the people of America and for the people of Louisiana.   Louisiana families--again, we are not asking for your pity. We don't  want pity in Louisiana. We are proud people. We are tough people. But  we are tired, and we pay taxes like everybody else does. And just like  some citizens in other States--Kentucky and New York, to name two--we  need a little help.   We need to address all of these needs--not just for my State but for  the other States that need help--in our budget. If you add up the  damage estimates from Hurricanes Laura, Delta, Zeta, and Ida, we are  talking about 130,000 homes destroyed. According to estimates from my  State back home, from the Governor and the legislature, Louisiana still  needs hundreds of millions of dollars to help fix the damage Laura and  Delta inflicted on our housing and the small businesses of Southwest  Louisiana. Frankly--I mentioned Ida and the severity of Ida--the  damages for Ida will probably cost a little more than $2.5 billion.   We in Louisiana have recovered from natural disasters before, and we  are going to recover from these, but we are going to need help to  rebuild, just like the people from Kentucky are going to need help;  just like the people from New York are going to need help; just like  the folks, my fellow citizens out West, are going to need help to  recover from wildfires.   I fought before to get disaster recovery relief for my people. I  don't think I have ever voted against a disaster relief bill to help my  neighbors in other States, and I am going to keep fighting. I urge my  colleagues not to forget the people in Louisiana and the people of  America who have suffered these natural disasters as we work out our  budget.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   