 Madam Speaker, gas prices are rising; the border has  become a turnstile; inflation is crushing our fellow Americans; and  here we are, back on the floor of the House, reliving January 6.   Some of the members of the January 6th Committee come from the swamps  of Washington, D.C. I come from the swamps of Florida, and I know  alligator tears when I see them. Yet, we are lectured about performing  for the former President.   The reason Scavino and Navarro shouldn't be held in contempt is that  the January 6th Committee itself is so  [[Page H4374]]  performative, illegitimate, and unconstitutional, kicking off the  Republicans that Leader McCarthy sent to serve on the committee.   We were accused by the majority leader of having our party hijacked.  Our party is ascendant, and time is on our side because when we take  the majority back, this nonsense will come to an end.   It is baffling to me that Democrats are so eager to conduct oversight  over the last administration that is out of power, but it is hear no  evil, see no evil, speak no evil when it comes to the Biden  administration.   They are more worried about Trump's trade adviser than Joe Biden's  son trading influence for foreign money.   They are more worried about Trump's Deputy Chief of Staff than  deputizing the right folks to secure America's border.   The January 6th Committee is a sham. If you took the position of the  committee, legally, no President would ever have privilege that would  extend beyond the life of that Presidency. No President would have the  ability to have candid conversations with staff and advisers that might  not immediately come back to bite them the moment they left the Oval  Office.   The American people see this for the partisan exercise that it is.  Probably some folks at the Justice Department even see that it is a  partisan exercise because not all of these contempt citations are well- received at the Justice Department right now.   This contempt referral should similarly be ignored and rejected, and  certainly, it is a stain on this House.   