 Madam Speaker, I thank Representative Joyce  for holding this very important event today.    Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the millions of Americans who are  facing pain at the pump and around the Nation. On his first day in  office, President Biden signaled to the world that American energy  independence was no longer a priority. He canceled the Keystone XL  pipeline on day one. He made regulatory changes to make new domestic  production incredibly punitive. He put a moratorium on all new drilling  on Federal lands.   The President's actions set the high prices we are seeing today in  motion. Long before Russia invaded Ukraine, Americans were getting  squeezed by the inflationary tax caused by careless and unrealistic  policymaking. In fact, the national average for a gallon of gasoline  had risen over a dollar in the year before Russia took this malign  action.   International events have sent prices higher in the past week, but  the administration cannot hide from the fact that their policies have  amplified this financial crisis. The solution to this crisis is clear-- American production and energy independence are the best protections we  have at our disposal.   The President must reverse the course of his administration  immediately and allow the full force of the U.S. energy industry to be  unleashed in Americans' time of need.   Banning Russian oil imports out of principle is one thing, but it  rings of hypocrisy when the administration turns around and immediately  begins negotiating with vile dictators in Iran and Venezuela. The  solution is no better there, and simply expands our dependence on  hostile foreign nations for our economic and national security.   Madam Speaker, perhaps the administration does not want to admit  their early anti-energy moves were wrong, but American energy and  financial security cannot hinge on the egos of the President and his  staff.   It is time to get out of the way of American production, allow our  producers to increase capacity, and deliver affordable energy to the  American people free from malign influence. Our future prosperity and  national security depends on it.   