 Mr. President, I could hardly hear you, but thank you  very much for that recognition.   I am about to talk about an issue that the man in the Chair, the good  Senator from New Jersey, I know is passionate about. It is certainly  something that I know Montanans are passionate about, and, quite  frankly, it is what I do every day when I am not in this body, and that  is, talk about rural America and talk about the issues that are facing  working families and communities across our State, across our country,  those issues being inflation and rising costs and market consolidation  and depopulation and drought.   Last year about this time, I made a quick trip to the town of Great  Falls, which is about 75 miles away from my  [[Page S2203]]  farm, to pick up some tires, and I was shocked about not only the price  but the availability. Prices had gone up, and availability was--well,  they were high in demand, and there wasn't a lot of inventory.   When I got back home, almost the same moment in time, I got a call  from my equipment dealer--and this was the first time this has ever  happened to me in my 44 years on the farm--and the equipment dealer  said: We are going to have harvest in about 60 to 90 days, and if you  have any repairs that you need to be done on your combine, we need to  know what those are today so we can get the parts ordered. Otherwise,  we can't guarantee you those parts will be here.   That was the second shock about the supply chain issues that I was  dealt with.   So when I came back here to DC, I rang the alarm about the rising  costs that were occurring in rural America and impacting producers in  rural America caused by this pandemic. I had a manufacturer in my  office a few weeks ago saying how this pandemic has made it so they  can't supply America with what they were making. He said: You know,  during the pandemic, we told folks to go home, and the 40- and 50-year- olds have forgotten to come back.   So, quite frankly, this pandemic has created some challenges in  business, in manufacturing, and in agriculture that we need to be  paying attention to.   Then we have Putin's war in Ukraine, which has made things worse,  particularly in the areas of energy and, from a farm standpoint,  fertilizer. It has also put a strain on our family farms across this  country, which, by the way, have already spent years under the gun  where things have not been that cheery.   Even before the pandemic upended supply chains and the global  economy, we had the previous administration's unnecessary, needless,  and, quite frankly, stupid trade wars, which disrupted critical ag  markets for the family farmers across this Nation and the family farm  ranchers across this Nation who depend upon trade to make ends meet. In  the years since, we have seen the price of grain rise because this  administration has done a much better job on trade policy than the last  one, but the fact is, we have also seen increases in fertilizers, in  chemicals, in housing, and in retail food.   But the reality is that rural America truly is in crisis today, and  it has been a growing problem for decades under both Democratic and  Republican administrations here in Washington. Ag producers have become  so reliant on the Federal Government that in the year of 2020, the last  year of the Trump administration, 39 percent of net farm income was  provided through subsidies by the American taxpayer. That is a big  problem, and it is not something that farmers and ranchers want either.   The reason for this is because of market consolidation, because of  farm gate prices being artificially low, requiring this government's  support. To further contribute, whether it is buying inputs or selling  our products--our grain, our cattle, our postcrops, or whatever it  might be--consolidation in that marketplace, whether it is on inputs or  in the market itself, has made profitability at the farm gate a huge  challenge, to the point where we have been driving folks out of  business for decades and decades and decades, and it is getting worse.    As most folks know here, I have a real life, and that real life is as  a farmer. My wife Sharla and I took over our family operation in 1978.  This operation is the same operation that my grandfather and my  grandmother homesteaded in the early 1900s and that my folks took over  from them and farmed through the forties, the fifties, the sixties, and  a good portion of the seventies.   In many ways, the little community in which I live is much the same  as when my parents lived there. There is a big difference, though: The  farms now are bigger, and they are fewer.   This is an aerial shot of our place, and the arrows point to farms  that, quite frankly--farmsteads where--when we came to the farm, there  were families who lived there. There were people who sent their kids to  the school who lived there. Now, those places--those farmsteads and  those farms that go with those farmsteads are farmed by other people.   In fact, in my home county of Chouteau County, which is a big  county--it is a big agricultural county--since 1987, we have lost  nearly 35 percent of our farms. The numbers have gone from 752 farms  down to 477 farms. This is from 1987 to 2017, a 30-year period, which  is the last that we have data for.   In the State of Montana overall, operations over $2,500 have gone  from 20,000 basically to 17,000, as this chart shows--once again, the  same 30-year period from 1987 to 2017.   Across this Nation, operations with more than $2,500 in sales have  dropped from nearly 1.6 million farms down to 1\1/4\ million farms in  2017, as this chart shows.   So, look, if these charts show you nothing else, they should show you  that, from a rural America standpoint and a food supply standpoint and  a food security standpoint, we are not healthy. We are heading in the  wrong direction.   You know, there has been a lot of talk about agriculture and its  impact on mental health. So try to imagine for a second that you are a  farmer or a rancher. You are working nearly every day on the land that  was your grandparents or your great-grandparents, potentially your  great-great-grandparents. The land is literally a history of your  family and the generations before you who did basically the same work-- feeding people--in the same place to make the same living, except that,  over time, the numbers, they don't work out anymore. The amount of  money you have coming in when you sell your product isn't that much  different than it was years before, but yet input costs have gone up.   By the way, I might add, they are not that much different than they  were before because we have some serious consolidation in the  marketplace, which I am going to talk about in a second, but yet inputs  go up. Look, in the last 44 years that I have been on the farm, I have  seen many boom-and-bust cycles in agriculture, and I can tell you,  every time the price of grain or cattle has gone up, the input costs  have risen more than what you are getting in the marketplace, and then  when those marketplace numbers drop, the input prices never go down.   But getting back to that farmer that you imagine yourself to be like,  I want you to think about what it would be like to take over the farm  that your grandfather or great-grandfather or great-great-grandfather  homesteaded and it has been successful for generations, and now, all of  a sudden, the books don't balance. You don't have enough money to pay  the bills. And it is not because you are a bad operator. It is not  because you don't know what you are doing. It really is through no  fault of your own that you can't make it work anymore.   And we wonder why we have a challenge with mental health in rural  America.   So the question is, is why did we lose 345,000 farms in the last 30  years, many of them generational farms?   It is because folks can't make the numbers work anymore. And that  main culprit is consolidation in the corporate ag world. No competition  means you don't get fair prices.   So I have listed four companies up here that in the--or four  industries, I should say--in the poultry business, 54 percent of the  poultry processing is controlled by one company. Sixty-six percent--or  by four companies, I mean. Sixty-six percent of the hog processing is  controlled by four companies. Four commodity traders control 70 percent  of the global market for grain, and four companies control over 80  percent of the beef processing in the United States.   Now, any one of these sectors--truthfully, any one of these sectors,  those four companies could go out on a golf course and set the price  that my neighbors are getting for their products and that the consumer  is going to pay for their products when it is on the retail end.   And this happens while they continue to pull in record profits. And  the ultimate effect of all this consolidation on rural communities is  it has pushed family farming and ranchers to the brink of extinction.   And so you ask yourself: Why should I care?   Well, for one, the American taxpayer is paying a pretty penny because  of  [[Page S2204]]  this consolidation. In recent years, we have averaged well over $10  billion a year to help keep American farmers in the business across  this country. I believe it is money well spent, but the truth is that  there is not a farmer or a rancher out there that doesn't want to get  their check from the marketplace; they do not want it from the Federal  Government. But without it, we would see even a bigger mass exodus out  of rural America. They want their markets to work. They want to make it  so it benefits them and it benefits the consumer, and, quite frankly,  right now it is not working because we have four companies that control  54 percent of the food supply in chickens, four companies that control  66 percent of the supply in pork, 70 percent in the grain markets, four  companies, and over 80 percent when it comes to beef.   There is no competition, folks. There is no competition. And this is  also bad not only for the taxpayer, but also for our food security.   What this pandemic has taught us is when you have big processors with  thousands of people that work in these plants and you get an incidence  of COVID, for example, it shuts the entire plant down because you  literally have people in these plants that are working shoulder-to- shoulder processing meat. So COVID goes through these plants like that.  So they shut them down.   Or you end up with a fire like we had at a processing plant in  Kansas, which, obviously, a fire shuts the plant down.   Or we have a cyber attack that happened on one of these big four,  JBS, which shuts them down.   So you say: What the heck? It is just one plant.   Well, these plants individually make up a large portion of these  percentages that I talked about.   And so what happens? The marketplace goes away once again for the  producers, the farmers, the ranchers; and on the other end, it limits  supply and the family--the working family that goes to the grocery  store sees their prices go up and they say what do we want? Well, we  can't do this. I mean, we can't afford to eat because the prices are  jacked up.   So it is bad for producers; it is bad for the consumers.   And the fact is, is these packers are doing pretty darn well. The  last quarter of 2020, Tyson Foods increased their year-to-year profit  over $469 million to $1.13 billion. That is a 140-percent increase in  profit.   Now, I am going to tell you something. I don't think there is  anything wrong with making a profit. In fact, I think if you are going  to have a business that is successful, you have to make a profit. But  the fact of the matter is, if we are making a profit--these kinds of  profits--and it is killing our folks in family farm agriculture, I  don't think that is quite right. And I don't think that is good for  rural America, and I don't think it is good for the consumers that live  in this country.    So bottom line is, we have got to put some guardrails on the system  if we are going to make this marketplace work because it is not working  today.   So we have got some legislative solutions. Congress has the  opportunity to do something, and I have worked very closely with a  number of my colleagues, including the man that is sitting in the chair  today, on bipartisan legislation that can put guardrails on  consolidation and puts some sunlight on this industry.   I particularly want to thank Senators Grassley, Fischer, Wyden, and  Rounds, as well as Senator Booker, for their good work.   In the case of Grassley, Fischer, Wyden, and Rounds, we have put  forth the bipartisan Cattle Price Discovery and Transparency Act. That  is a long name for a bill that is going to increase transparency in the  marketplace and set regional mandatory minimum thresholds for  negotiated cattle purchases. This is going to ensure that the ranchers  get a fair price, but it won't ensure it alone. We have to do more.   We have to also pass the Meat Packing Special Investigator Act, which  will put teeth back in the Packers and Stockyards Act, which was passed  back in 1921 because of consolidation in the packing industry, and we  are more consolidated today than we were in 1921.   So this will give the Department of Ag a team of investigators within  the USDA, with subpoena power, dedicated to preventing and addressing  anticompetition practices in the meat and poultry industry and  enforcing our Nation's antitrust laws that are currently on the books.   And I am asking my colleagues, when these bills hit the floor--and I  believe they will hit the floor, hopefully this work period--to pass  these bills, get them to the House so we can get them to the  President's desk as quickly as possible.   If you take these two bills, the meat packing special investigator  bill and the bipartisan cattle price discovery bill--by the way, they  are both bipartisan--and you combine that with the dollars that the  administration has put out to loan to small meat packers, to expand and  start up meat packers, we will infuse more competition into this  marketplace and that will be good for producers and it will be good for  consumers and we will not continue to see this decline in rural  America.   Look, a well-fed citizenry is essential if a democracy is going to  survive. With the consolidation that we have seen over the last many  decades, we see the potential for food to become a serious problem in  this country, and potentially even weaponized.   Rural America is going to dry up if we don't fix this problem. It is  going to continue to see this diagram where we could see fewer folks on  the land and we see bigger corporations manipulating for their prices,  because, quite frankly, they have already found out--``they'' being the  big packers--that they can have it their way because they have had it  their way for a long, long time. And because they have had it their way  for a long, long time, consumers are paying higher prices because there  is no competition, without any regard to what people can afford. It is  all about the profit margins, which--I will show you that one again  too.   It is all about record profits. It is not about making sure that we  have food security. It is about how we can maximize our money at the  expense of families.   And by the way, the same is true on the agriculture side of the  equation. We will maximize our profits, and we don't care if these  generational ranchers go broke. We don't care. Somebody else will buy  it. We will still get the cattle. It will be some big hedge fund in New  York City. It is OK.   So we need to do something because our citizenry needs to have access  to food that they can afford. These two bills are going to help  capitalism work for farmers and it is going to help capitalism work for  consumers because, I am telling you, when capitalism works, everybody  does better.   I said this problem has been around for over 100 years since the  Packers and Stockyards Act was passed in 1921. So there will be some in  this body who say: Look, we don't need to do this. This is government  intervention. It is not necessary. Things will be just fine.   I can guarantee you one thing for sure: If you look at where we have  been and predict where we are going, if we do nothing, there will be  very, very, very few people living in rural America. Family farm  agriculture will be dead in this country. And if we lose family farm  agriculture, this country will change for the worse in a major way for  all the reasons I have already put out.   So I am going to tell you what. Folks serve in this body because they  want to do right by the next generation. They want to make sure our  kids and our grandkids have the same opportunity that we had. They want  to make sure this country remains the greatest country on Earth. I  implore the Members of this body: When these bills come to the floor,  and they will come to the floor because I think they are going to come  out of Agriculture probably in the next week to 10 days--no pressure,  Chairman Stabenow, but that is what I hope happens--and we can get  these bills to the floor, I hope that you put your shoes--put your feet  in the shoes of those people that are involved in agriculture, and I  hope you put your feet in the shoes of the consumer, because if we do  these bills, we will be putting the country back on the right track for  food security for the long term.    Yeah. So, look, you have a situation where you have got  four companies who control 82 percent of the meat in this country.  There is no secret. When you don't have any competition--and that is  not competition--that you are not going to get a fair price.   And, by the way, these ranchers all have fixed costs. It is not like  they can just cut their costs. They have fixed costs.   And right now, because of the drought west of the Mississippi, hay  prices are at an alltime high. So all this stuff exacerbates the  problem.   What we need is more competition. We will get more competition. And  when we get more competition, it will be fair for everybody, both the  producer and the consumer.   