 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   The majority leader, just a few minutes ago said--used the term  ``danger to our democracy.'' Danger to our democracy.   Think about this. Democrats have closed the Capitol, allowed proxy  voting, kicked Republicans off committees, won't let Republicans serve  on this select committee--the first time in the history of the Congress  the minority leader was not allowed to put on a select committee the  individuals he or she selected; first time in the history of our  Nation.   The Democrats are trying to end the electoral college; trying to end  the filibuster; trying to pack the Court.   This committee, the January 6th Committee, altered evidence and  presented it to the American people as if it were true. And they accuse  us of being a danger to our democracy?   Mr. Gaetz was right. We have got a border that is complete chaos. We  have $6 gas in California, $4 gas everywhere else in the country. We  have crime at record levels in every major urban area in this Nation.  And we have an inflation problem that is at a 40-year high.   And this committee has more contempt resolutions for a purely  political reason. I think the whole committee is pure political,  designed to do one thing; keep President Trump off the ballot in 2024.   The gentlewoman from Wyoming, in her opening comments, used the term,  ``false message.'' False message. She used to say big lie. Now I guess  it is false message. When she said it, I started jotting things down.   Think about all the false messages we have got from them in the last  few years. They told us the protests in the summer of 2020 were  peaceful. We got a billion dollars' worth of damage around our cities  that says it wasn't.   They told us the dossier was real. They told us it was Republicans,  Republicans who wanted to defund the police. That one is almost  laughable, if it wasn't so serious for our law enforcement and for the  families who live in those areas where mayors and city councils did  defund the police.   They told us the FBI didn't spy on the Trump campaign. We know that  wasn't true. We have got inspectors general reports that tell us all  kinds of things of what they did in front of the FISA Court.   They said Trump colluded with Russia. We have got a Mueller report,  19 lawyers, 40 FBI agents, 30 million hard-earned American tax dollars  in that report that said that false message was just that, false.   They told us COVID didn't start in the lab; sure looks like it did.   They told us the lab wasn't doing gain-of-function research; sure  looks like it was.   They told us the vaccinated can't get it. We know that is wrong.  Every day there is a new announcement: Member of Congress is getting  it; fully vaccinated, boosted, and everything else.    They told us those who are vaccinated can't transmit it. They told us  that was wrong.   And you talk about the biggest false message, the biggest false  message that has just been confirmed in the last week, how false it  was? The Hunter Biden laptop was Russian disinformation. The Hunter  Biden laptop was Russian disinformation.   October 22, 2020, 2 weeks before the election, Candidate Biden, in a  debate,  [[Page H4378]]  is asked about his son's business dealings with foreign companies. He  says: ``Nothing was unethical.'' He said: My son has not made money  with business interests--with companies with an interest in China.   And we all know there are 4.8 million reasons why that statement was  not accurate. And how do we know? Washington Post told us. Not me, not  President Trump, not Republicans, The Washington Post told us last  week, two stories last week, a week ago today, one at 11 a.m., one at  11:04 a.m.; two eight-page articles, 4 minutes apart, confirming what  we knew, but what big media, big tech, Democrats colluded to keep from  the American people just days before, just days before the most  important election we have, the Presidential election, who is going to  be our next Commander in Chief.   The laptop was real. The eyewitness was real. The emails were real.  The only thing fake was that collusion from those individuals, those  entities to keep important information from we, the people, in the run- up to the most important election we have.   And oh, by the way, they were joined by 51 former intel officials,  joined in the collusion.   You know what is also interesting? It is funny how that story has  changed. Eighteen months ago, it started off, it wasn't his laptop. It  quickly switched to well, it was his laptop, but it was Russian  disinformation.   And now it is, well, it wasn't Russian disinformation, but Joe Biden  had nothing to do with it. Now it was, well, Joe knew what was going  on, but he wasn't really involved in anything wrong. Ron Klain told us  that, the Chief of Staff told us that Sunday.   We need to be focusing on the issues that the American people want us  to focus on. You want to talk about danger to our democracy and the  biggest false message. I would say what happened--one of the biggest  dangers to our democracy and one of the biggest false messages is what  happened 18 months ago, where that story was kept from the American  people. We could dig into that, find out what went on there, why that  happened.   And we could also focus on the record crime, record inflation, record  price of gas, and the chaos on our southern border that is about to get  worse.    It is about to get worse as the Democrats look to--as the  Biden administration looks to repeal title 42. I urge a ``no'' vote.   