 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer a motion to recommit on behalf of  members of our communities who have tragically lost their lives to  substance use disorder, SUD.   Prior to the COVID-19 public health emergency, our country faced a  different kind of enemy that knew no bounds. This Chamber was once  united in the battle against addiction. And I was proud of the  legislative work we did to address this crisis most recently through  the SUPPORT Act. Unfortunately, all the progress we made seemed to  evaporate with the onset of the pandemic and the resulting lockdowns,  mandates, social isolation, and fear of an invisible enemy.   Recently, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention announced  that 105,752 Americans died from drug overdoses from October 2020 to  October 2021.   Let me repeat that: 105,752 Americans died from drug overdoses in one  year's time.   Many of these deaths can be directly attributed to fentanyl, which is  now the leading cause of death in Americans aged 18 to 45. Down at our  southern border, Customs and Border Protection are confiscating record  amounts of fentanyl coming across the Mexican border.   The CBP seized over 11,201 pounds of fentanyl from October 2020 to  September 2021, which is a 41 percent increase from the year before.  That is  [[Page H4095]]  enough fentanyl to kill 2.5 billion people, or the entire U.S.  population, seven times over.   To address this crisis, I introduced the HALT Fentanyl Act with my  friend, the gentleman from the Ninth District of Virginia. This  legislation will permanently schedule fentanyl-related substances as  schedule I and enable researchers to continue to study schedule I  substances for possible medical benefits. We must do everything we can  to save lives, and I implore my colleagues to support this legislation.    Mr. Speaker, if we adopt the motion to recommit, I will  instruct the Committee on the Judiciary to consider my amendment to  H.R. 3617, to permanently place fentanyl-related substances in schedule  I of the Controlled Substances Act.   Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the  amendment in the Record immediately prior to the vote on the motion to  recommit.    Madam Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   