 Madam Speaker, I thank my friend from Florida, Mrs.  Cammack, for having this and honoring law enforcement in this Special  Order.   Madam Speaker, the surge and violence across the country and the  targeted attacks on our brave law enforcement officers are happening  thanks to the Democrats' relentless calls to defund the police.   The left has brazenly stripped the police departments of necessary  funding and enacted new laws that actually ensure that violent  criminals have the freedom to inflict more harm. To be clear, violent  criminals are being released on little to no bail only to kill again.  [[Page H1007]]    This is the Democrats' America. These shameful and purely political  policies put criminals above law-abiding citizens. Our law enforcement  officials should be respected and honored for their role in keeping us  safe.   Tonight, I want to highlight one such individual, Tyler County  native, growing up in Spurger, Texas, Texas Ranger, Joe Haralson, from  my county, Tyler County, Texas.    Joe was an Army infantryman during the Vietnam war and earned the  Bronze Star and Air Medal, with Oak Leaf Clusters for both, for his  heroic service. Less than a year after returning home in Vietnam from  1971, Joe enrolled himself in the Department of Public Safety's 18-week  training academy in Austin, Texas. After a decade of hard work as a DPS  officer, Joe finally received his Texas Ranger badge.   This year marks Joe's 41st year with the Texas Rangers. He is the  longest serving Texas Ranger in Texas' illustrious history, and what a  hero he is. He has served his fellow Texans for more than half a  century, and his time in law enforcement is nothing short of amazing  and inspiring.   Over the decades, Joe has worked on cases involving murders,  robberies, kidnappings, rapes, and much more. He has seen the face of  evil countless times, yet is one of the humblest and kindness men that  you will ever meet.   It is a privilege to have this American patriot as a friend, share  his story, express my sincerest gratitude for his devotion to our  community and to our State of Texas. These are the heroes that radical  Democrats have abandoned, but I never will.   God bless you, Joe.   