 Mr. President, I want to join my colleagues in my  appreciation for the expansion of NATO--as others have said, the  greatest alliance, maybe in history, certainly in the last 200 years,  an alliance that has served great benefits and now is growing. NATO has  been there since 1949.   The two countries that we are going to be voting to admit today have  resisted since 1949 being part of NATO, but with the recent actions,  they decided you now have to choose a side.   Now, they are not countries that have been on the sideline just  hoping nothing would happen. They are countries that had significant  defense capacities, significant military capabilities. They will be net  security contributors to NATO. They bring to the alliance these  advanced capabilities. They bring a neighborhood understanding of  Russia, greater than maybe almost any other country, particularly  Finland, which has been mentioned has an 800-plus mile border that will  double the NATO border with Russia. They have been defending that  border since World War II, and the Russians understand their capacity  to defend it.   They, frankly, bring good real estate and good location. I wish I had  a map here on the floor with me, but I don't. The Baltic really becomes  a NATO sea. And that is an important thing--Norway already in NATO,  Sweden joining NATO, Finland joining NATO; right across from the three  Baltic countries that are much more in need of assistance than these  two countries that are joining an alliance that will give them that  assistance. It is an incredible day for NATO.   The Baltic Sea, the Arctic--I have heard more on this floor and in  this country about the Arctic in the last 5 years than I think we have  talked about in the previous 25 years. The Arctic basically becomes  NATO territory with the sole exception of Russia.   The United States, Canada, Norway, Sweden, Finland become the  countries that are bound not only in the neighborhood of the Arctic but  also in a supportive alliance.   We have been hearing about how China wants to become an Arctic power.  I think the change in NATO makes it incredibly harder for China to  become an Arctic power or for Russia to become an Arctic abuser. And we  are seeing that happen right here.   Again, great capability. The Swedes have an Air Force, a Navy. They  have the best cyber offensive and defensive capability in Europe--that  large industrial base. Finland just agreed to buy 64 F-35s to replace  their F-18s.   Both countries have been working with us in military exercises for  years. They are virtually immediately interoperable. They bring  capacity to the NATO alliance that it doesn't have without them.   I am grateful that they are joining. Finland is already at the 2  percent goal  [[Page S3896]]  of their commitment to their own national defense. Sweden will be there  by 2028.   Senator Durbin, who is here on the floor with me, and I met with both  of these countries recently. And they are absolutely committed that  this is the moment when the NATO alliance takes on new meaning, not  only to their two countries but I think to--and not only Western Europe  but, frankly, to the world.   This is an alliance that stands for shared values, that stands for  border integrity, that stands for being sure that those things go into  the future.   I urge all of my colleagues to vote for this today. I am glad we are  able to be among the first. We were hoping we would be the first  country to approve the admission into NATO of these two countries, but  we will be among the first. I think it sends a signal to the world and  hopefully to all Americans that not only is NATO important, but it will  be stronger with Sweden and Finland than it has ever been. And I look  forward to the opportunity to cast this vote today.   