 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 6448,  the so-called Invest to Protect Act.   All of the bills that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle  rushed to the floor today are nothing more than kind of last-minute  political items, obviously, a few weeks out from election day. They  will use these bills to claim that they support funding the police.   However, the American people are not fooled. They saw Democrats  across the country call for defunding of the police. There is video  that continues to run ad nauseam with examples of that, and it was all  in the wake of George Floyd's death.   We only need to look at the House Judiciary Committee Democrats'  refusal to take up these bills in regular order. For further evidence  that these bills are a political stunt, just this week, Judiciary  Committee Democrats postponed a hearing on organized retail theft until  after the election.   The simple truth is Democrats have no interest in putting forth a  serious effort to reduce crime. All the money in these grant programs  don't mean a thing if leftwing prosecutors continue to let violent  criminals out with little or no bail.   That is why yesterday my colleagues and I introduced the Keeping  Violent Offenders Off Our Streets Act after last year's horrific attack  in my district at the Waukesha Christmas parade.   This bill takes three steps to push back on radical leftwing bail  laws. It conditions the Byrne grant program funding on meeting the  Federal pretrial release factors as a floor. It reduces grant funding  by 75 percent unless State and local jurisdictions develop and maintain  a public safety report.   The problem in Waukesha was that later on the DA said, boy, we didn't  know what was going on in other States. We didn't know that there were  any other crimes committed there. And then judges did not have enough  information prior to setting bail.   We can't let people off the hook just by saying that we just didn't  have enough information. Six people died in the Waukesha Christmas  parade because no one took the time to figure out that this individual  who was before them was absolutely one of the most dangerous people  living in Wisconsin.   States would be further incentivized to report this information to  the National Crime Information Center. It would bring transparency, and  it would change the bail system.   Mr. Speaker, there are solutions to these issues; but, unfortunately,  there is a faction of the Democratic Party that simply continues to run  the opposite way. I don't know if it is to assure their constituencies  that they are with them, but that time is over.   Unfortunately, as we are in the middle of September right before the  November elections, the Democrats finally woke up.   