 Madam President, I got the chance to hear some of Senator  Sasse's remarks. I noted the floor chart with my name on it, accusing  me of what he called tribal hackery.   I am not exactly sure what the rules of the Senate are. I am not sure  that that is becoming of the U.S. Senate to use those terms about  fellow Members, but let me come down to the floor to explain why I  think we should have a legitimate debate in this Chamber about a  phenomenon in which Republicans very often are not willing to cast  their vote in a way that is aligned with their voice.   Yes, I noted this morning--as was displayed on Senator Sasse's  chart--that this week, of the Republicans who stood up at a press  conference and eviscerated President Biden's handling of the Ukraine  crisis, two-thirds of them voted against the budget that included $14  billion of aid to Ukraine. I see a fundamental inconsistency in  criticizing an administration for not doing enough but then not being  willing to cast a vote to get aid to the people of Ukraine.   Senator Sasse's second chart--the one that didn't accuse me of tribal  hackery--laid out a very true statement, in which a small percentage of  the overall budget is dedicated to Ukraine aid. That is, of course,  true.   But the reason why I find it concerning that Members of the Senate  who, I take their word for it, are genuinely interested in getting help  to the people of Ukraine are then voting against the budget that  delivers it, is because it speaks to a broader problem in the Senate  today, which is a lack of interest in compromise, a lack of interest in  finding a result--a fealty to the perfect and an antagonism to the  good.    Sure, I would be happy to yield.   Senator Sasse, I was going to try to respond to your critique, but I  am happy to yield at this point.    So every one of us approaches a big--    Absolutely not.    The point is that the only way that this place passes  legislation is compromise, is voting on pieces of legislation that have  in it things that----    Senator----    So inside every piece of legislation are elements that  many of us disagree with, right? Inside that budget that you voted  against are all sorts of things that I disagree with. But, in the end,  in order to govern the country, you have to be able to find a path to  compromise.   And what I have found, over the time that I have been here, is that  there is a pathway to getting things done. It generally involves 90 to  100 percent of Democrats and a small slice of Republicans. It is  increasingly hard to find compromise that involves more than 10 or 15  Republicans because, as you state, inside these pieces of legislation  there are things to disagree with, right? There are things that you  find objectionable.   So while, in the past, I think people would set aside some of the  things that they weren't happy about in the interest of the greater  good, today there seems to be a higher bar, and the result is that it  is just a lot harder to get things done.   Now, on the budget, luckily there were enough of us that were willing  to celebrate the good, as opposed to the perfect, in order to get that  budget passed and significant aid to the Ukrainian people across the  finish line.   My worry is that, as time goes on, there will be an inability to find  those coalitions and that we will be stuck in a world in which you  can't get Federal budgets done, you can't get big pieces of legislation  done because there isn't that interest in compromise that is necessary  sometimes to get passed a big package like the one that we passed  earlier this week.    Yes, Senator Sasse.    Reclaiming my time. Listen, I understand that Republicans  would love for this inconvenient truth not to be pointed out for them-- right?--the fact that they are eviscerating the President at press  conferences for the crisis in Ukraine. There were Members at that press  conference that Senator Sasse attended that said, if not for President  Biden, this invasion would have never happened; that it was his fault.     That might not have come from Senator Sasse's mouth, but  there were others at that press conference--right?--who have repeatedly  blamed this entire crisis not on Vladimir Putin but on Joe Biden's  policies. And I do think it is convenient for Republicans to  consistently eviscerate the President for his conduct but then not be  willing to cast the difficult votes necessary to help the President  effectuate a policy there.   The consequence of a ``no'' vote on that budget, whether you like it  or not, was that assistance money not getting to Ukraine. There wasn't  another vote in front of us. The only choice that this Senate had was,  Do we support a piece of legislation that includes necessary money----    I let the Senator finish.   The choice before this Senate was, Are we going to support a piece of  legislation that includes the necessary money in order to allow for  Ukraine to defend itself and for this administration to get emergency  resources, or are we going to vote it down?   And I understand that the American public are rightly upset about the  way in which we budget. But, on that day, there was one choice before  this body.   So I do see that there is an inherent contradiction between  Republicans standing up at press conferences, which, frankly, are  speaking most often to the same audience that you believe that my  tweets are speaking to, right? Most often, these press conferences are  designed to rally the faithful.   So I think it is a bit sanctimonious to suggest that only one of us  in this Chamber is involved in preaching to the choir. Much of the  engagement in press conferences here, around this issue of Ukraine,  ends up speaking to base audiences, and the message being sent to that  audience is that President Biden isn't doing enough.   And then, when we had an opportunity to pass bipartisan legislation  to give him the tools to do more, the same Republicans that were at  that press conference criticizing the President decided--and, I submit  to you, for legitimate reasons having nothing to do with the Ukraine  money--to cast a vote that had the consequence, if it was the majority  position in this body, to disapprove of that money, to reject that  money.    I would.    I will. Thank you, Madam President.   The Senator is exactly right. Not only was there another option--pass  the Ukraine supplemental on its own--there were a million other  options. Right? There are always different ways that we can do things,  and that is always a reason to vote no.   I could always choose to vote no on a measure before us because I can  dream up of a scenario in which the outcome would be better aligned  with my priorities. I think that is a very convenient reason to defend  a ``no'' vote: that there is a theoretical outcome that would be more  in alignment with your beliefs.   That is not how things work here, right? We are presented with pieces  of legislation we all have input into. This was not a Democratic bill.  This was a bill worked out with many Republicans as well. And  ultimately we had a choice. We had a choice.   And, again, I think it is a lot easier to just come down here to vote  no on everything. But when life and death are at stake in a place like  Ukraine, I think, on the willingness to support a piece of legislation  that maybe has some things in it you don't like, the bar may be a  little bit higher.    I don't think I have anybody seeking to yield at this  point.   Let me say this. I take Senator Sasse's position seriously, and I  want him to take my position seriously, as well, because I object to  the idea of my effort to draw attention to the fact that Republicans  voted against a bill that includes significant money for Ukraine as  political hackery. I object to that characterization because I do think  I am speaking to a broader trend line in this body, in which it is  seemingly harder than ever to get both sides to the table to agree to  big things that change people's lives or change realities overseas.    I think Senator Sasse makes an important point, which is the way we  are doing things right now with respect to the budget is insanity. I  agree with that. The lack of transparency, the fact that all of this  work is shopped to the majority and the minority leaders--that is not  good for government; that is not good for transparency. I think there  are legitimate reasons why Members of this body would vote against the  budget.   But that is not what my statement was about. It was about trying to  juxtapose that vote to this criticism of the President. I do think  those two things are relevant because the American public is being  given the impression by many Republicans that the President isn't being  serious enough about this crisis or isn't working hard enough at this  crisis.   And I do think it is legitimate to put on the table for a discussion  the fact that the very people who are criticizing the President's  conduct are often not willing to support the funding necessary for him  to carry out that mission--for reasons that have nothing to do with  Ukraine but have, in the end, the effect of denying the President, if  this position was the majority--it was not last week--given that the  consequence of voting down the budget would have been to ultimately  deny that funding to the President and to the people of Ukraine.   I think this is a legitimate topic for discussion, and I will  continue to raise it. I will take the Senator's word seriously and try  to raise it in a way that is constructive, but I think this is a  legitimate topic for discussion in the U.S. Senate.   This is not about rallying the base. This is about trying to promote  a discussion about how we make this place more functional and how these  press conferences that Republicans are doing end up having some  connection to the reality of the votes that happen on the floor of the  Senate.   I yield the floor.   