 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  consider the following nomination: Calendar No. 643, Laura S. H.  Holgate, to be Representative of the United States of America to the  International Atomic Energy Agency, with the rank of Ambassador; that  the nomination be confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that  no further motions be in order to the nomination; that any related  statements be printed in the Record; that the President be immediately  notified of the Senate's action.    Madam President, I appreciate the concerns that my friend  from Florida has raised. However, I am just struggling to see how the  safety  [[Page S1235]]  and security of Ukraine's 15 nuclear reactors, in the midst of the  largest reoccurrence of warfare on the European Continent since World  War II, has any relationship to the issue which he raised.   Russia is blocking International Atomic Energy Agency access into  Ukraine. The proper response by the Senate--by the Senator from  Florida--is not to block our Ambassador to the International Atomic  Energy Agency at a time when Putin, at a time when Lavrov, are talking  about nuclear weapons.   We need a representative to the International Atomic Energy Agency.  That is what the Senator from Florida is blocking right now on the  floor--just did it.   All across our country Americans are right now wondering, is a  nuclear war once again possible? What if the Russians launch a tactical  nuclear weapon into Ukraine against a nonarticle 5 country; what is our  response?   They are wondering, does the IAEA have access to the 15 Ukrainian  nuclear powerplants that the Russians, with military force, are taking  over?   What are the protections that are going to be put in place in order  to ensure that we, in fact, have done everything that we can do to  avoid a nuclear accident, either a nuclear weapon or a nuclear  powerplant accident?   That is where we are right now, and what I hear from the Senator from  Florida is a disposition on a subject completely unrelated to those  issues, as Americans are all tuned in on a daily basis in a way that  they have not since 1962 to the very real potential that there could be  a nuclear exchange--nuclear weapons exchange--between Russia and the  West.   So, from my perspective, this is a historic moment that we have to  come together in a bipartisan way to provide a response--a response to  Russia, a response to their allies--that we are deadly serious.  Instead, what the Senator from Florida has done is to arrive to object  to the confirmation of Laura Holgate so that she can be there.   She is fully qualified. She is an all-star in her knowledge of all of  these issues, but she won't be on duty. She won't be there with our  allies, with the technical experts on all nuclear issues, because of  this objection which we just heard.   From my perspective, we are at a pretty big turning point here. We  need to be talking to everyone. We are either going to know each other  or we are going to exterminate each other. That is the point in time at  which we are at. We are either going to talk to each other or we could  potentially slip into an accidental nuclear catastrophe that historians  and future generations of young people will look back and say: How did  that happen?   Well, one of the reasons why it can happen is we can't even get an  American to be confirmed by the Senate at this time of great crisis  because of an objection from the Republican Party. I mean, partisanship  should stop at the water's edge, but when you are talking about nuclear  weapons, there shouldn't even be a discussion about it. We should just  let this highly qualified woman get on the job to use her expertise in  defense of our country and in defense of everyone on the planet because  this could quickly--quickly--trigger accidents that escalate, and then  the unimaginable could happen.   So that is where we are right now. We need an ambassador to draw  attention to the danger of Russian forces, especially holding Ukraine's  nuclear operations at gunpoint. We need an ambassador to demand that  Russia accept the IAEA's offer to establish a presence in Ukraine to  ensure the continued safe operation of Ukraine's nuclear facilities.   Russia knows from the aftermath of the Chernobyl nuclear accident,  the worst in history, that deadly radioactive fallout does not respect  borders.   And we need an ambassador at the IAEA to perform a wide array of  duties outside of the Ukraine crisis, from keeping nonnuclear weapon  countries nonnuclear and making sure that this doesn't trigger attempts  by other countries to gain access to nuclear materials and then nuclear  weapons. And we have to make sure, ultimately, that we confirm Laura  Holgate.    First, she served the same role in the Obama administration. She hits  the ground running. She knows these issues. Second, she is a protege of  Senator Sam Nunn and Senator Richard Lugar, and like that legendary  bipartisan duo, she has devoted her career to dismantling weapons of  mass destruction and materials that could be used by terrorists as  dirty bombs.   So how is it that we still don't have an ambassador seated at the  International Atomic Energy Agency's meetings on Ukraine, given this  body unanimously confirmed Ambassador Holgate in December to be our  representative to the other U.N. organizations based in Vienna?   That is a good question and it has no good answer and we did not hear  that answer on floor of the U.S. Senate just 5 minutes ago, when the  Senator from Florida objected. We didn't hear a word about their  objections.   I will tell you what, they are creating very risky conditions for all  Americans when they deny our country a seat at the table at the  International Atomic Energy Agency at this time in history.   I was the same age as the pages on the floor today when the Cuban  missile crisis cast a shadow over our Nation. I remember what that was  like.   We are slipping day by day into a situation where we could be  confronted with similar conditions, and the least that we should be  able to say is we tried, we really tried, to avoid that nuclear  catastrophe. And the minimum that we should do is have an ambassador  who is at the table who is talking to all of our allies and the rest of  the world about these issues right now.   Ukraine and the whole of Europe averted disaster when a Russian  munition fell just short of Ukraine's nuclear reactors just a couple of  weeks ago. We may not be so lucky the next time if Russian forces move  on the country's other facilities with the same reckless abandon.   What possible benefit is derived from keeping our ambassadorial post  at the IAEA unfilled at a time like this? We make nuclear safety and  nuclear security a partisan issue at our own peril and at the peril of  every family in our country as well as Europe.   It is just absolutely irresponsible, for unrelated reasons, to deny  our country that kind of protection right now.   So we are going to keep coming back with this, and the reason we are  is that we can see a continued escalation. We can see, in Putin's own  words, reckless intent. And it is not for us to judge whether he is  sincere or not in terms of his consideration of the use of nuclear  weapons or his lack of full consideration of what the consequences are  of having armed attacks on nuclear powerplant facilities all over  Ukraine.   We can't get inside of his brain, but the least we can do is have  someone go to the table from America, someone who has dedicated her  life--Ambassador Holgate--to this work.   That is what happened here on the floor right now. It was a partisan  politicization of nuclear proliferation, of nuclear safety, at a time  where we are seeing a peril that we have not seen in 50 years in the  United States or the planet.   All I can tell you is history will not come back and well receive the  partisan objection for the completely unrelated reasons for not  allowing us to have that kind of representation at the nuclear table at  this particular point in time.   I intend to return on this subject, as many times as it takes, so  that we can have someone who is there protecting every family in our  country.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   