 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from North  Carolina for yielding me the customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself  such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, today's rule provides for consideration of three  bills: H.R. 7666, the Restoring Hope for Mental Health and Well-Being  Act; H.R. 5585, the Advanced Research Projects Agency-Health Act; and  H.R. 4176, the LGBTQI+ Data Inclusion Act.   Two of these bills represent the progress that can be achieved when  we work together on legislation that is important to the American  people. It underscores what can happen when we work together,  regardless of party ideology. I do recognize the hard work that the  members of the Committee on Energy and Commerce put into the Restoring  Hope for Mental Health and Well-Being Act of 2022.   This package is the first major effort put forth to address our  Nation's mental health crisis since the lockdowns began for  coronavirus. Following COVID-19 and the pandemic, we have seen a  tremendous increase in the youth mental health conditions, suicides,  and overdose deaths exacerbating the mental health crisis we already  faced prior to the pandemic.   This bill maintains the flexibility for States to make funding  decisions that best addresses the needs of their communities. The  spending in this bill--and this is important--the spending in this bill  is fully offset and targets funding toward the treatment of serious  mental health conditions instead of generalized wellness programs that  may not have an impact.   Included in this package is the Into the Light for Maternal Mental  Health and Substance Use Disorders Act of 2022. That is actually a bill  that I introduced with Representatives Yvette Clarke, Jaime Herrera  Beutler, Young Kim, and Doris Matsui. Our bill authorizes and funds  existing programs to help those impacted by maternal mental health  conditions. Substance use disorders and mental health conditions are  among the top leading causes of death for women who are pregnant and  recently pregnant.   When I was a resident at Parkland Hospital in the 1970s, the top  three causes of maternal mortality: hemorrhage, preeclampsia, or  hypertension. Now, the preeminent causes are suicide and drug  overdose--entirely preventable causes of maternal mortality. This bill  will help us address that. So I am very encouraged to see that move  across the finish line.   I also supported an amendment by Representative Drew Ferguson to  include the Behavioral Health Interventions Guidelines Act--he likes to  call it the BIG Act. Representative Ferguson and I actually introduced  that as a standalone bill, but this amendment was made in order during  the Committee on Rules yesterday.   The BIG Act passed the House last year with broad support. It  requires the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration  to develop best practices for schools to establish behavioral health  intervention teams.   I heard from one of my colleges in Texas, Texas Tech University out  in Lubbock. Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center brought to me  their successful program to provide training for behavioral health  intervention and schools in West Texas.   You know, sometimes in school, it is no secret who the kid is that is  getting into trouble, the kid who is actually self-identified. And this  is a way to provide the guidelines for that behavioral intervention  that can be life-changing and lifesaving.   By establishing these behavioral intervention teams, the BIG Act  helps to encourage prevention measures and interventions before youth  mental conditions worsen or become even more serious. Unfortunately, we  continue to see the consequences of not addressing mental health  issues.   This rule also contains H.R. 5585, the Advanced Research Project  Agency-Health Act, or ARPA-H. ARPA-H is modeled after the Defense  Advanced Research Projects Agency, DARPA, and the Advanced Research  Projects Agency in Energy.   The goal is to bring a greater focus on the research and development  of our greatest healthcare challenges in areas where the private  biopharmaceutical companies are unlikely to explore for scientific or  business reasons.   ARPA-H was initially authorized in fiscal year 2022 in the omnibus  budget and placed within the National Institutes of Health. But placing  ARPA-H within another department of the Department of Health and Human  Services risks its independence, and its independence is its entire  reason for being. Without its independence, I don't know that ARPA-H  would have the ability to foster innovation. But this bill secures  ARPA-H as an agency independent of the influence of the rest of the  executive branch. And that is important.   With significant Republican input, we ensure that this legislation  also is fiscally responsible. We also make certain that the goal and  mission of this agency is focused on research and development and  provides accountability for this new research agency when submitting  feedback from projects supported by the agency, as well as prohibiting  the Federal funding to China and to Russia.    The bipartisan manager's amendment also ensures that the number of  offices is cut from 14 to 6--what I call bureaucratic streamlining--and  at least two of those six offices are actually dedicated to research  and development and the administrative costs of the agency--and this is  extremely important--the administrative costs are capped at 15 percent.   ARPA-H will provide the ability to focus on high-risk transformative  technologies to improve healthcare and healthcare outcomes for all  Americans.   The final bill that we are considering today requires federally  administered surveys to collect information on sexual orientation and  gender identity. The list of surveys affected by this bill is over 130  and it does include the every-10-year Census.   The information requested by this bill is deeply personal and  involves a person's internal state of being. I have to point out that  the Federal Government does not have a good track record of protecting  Americans' private information, as evidenced by data breaches over the  last several years.   The final concern with this bill is it is asking about very personal  information without a clear statutory or regulatory need, but still we  are prohibited from asking a person's citizenship status. I don't think  I need to say any more about that.   Madam Speaker, I urge opposition to the rule, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, Republicans will  immediately amend the rule to consider H.R. 471, the PAUSE Act,  introduced by Representative Yvette Herrell. This bill would prohibit  President Biden from rescinding title 42 authority, the public health  order that allows for undocumented migrants to be immediately expelled.   This bill would provide for the stringent enforcement of title 42 and  prohibit the Departments of Homeland Security and Health and Human  Services from weakening its implementation.   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of this  amendment into the Record along with extraneous material immediately  prior to the vote on the previous question.    Madam Speaker, here to explain the amendment is our  newest Member of the United States House of Representatives, newest  member of the Republican Conference, newest member of the Texas  delegation, Mayra Flores, sworn in last night on June 21, after winning  the special election in the 34th District in the State of Texas. Our  colleague Filemon Vega had vacated that seat.   Important to note here, she is the first Mexican-born woman elected  to Congress--the first. Her husband is a Customs and Border Protection  officer, giving her a firsthand understanding of the crisis on our  southern border. She began her working life in the cotton fields near  Memphis, Texas, and is now representing a Texas community in Congress.   Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas, (Mrs.  [[Page H5749]]  Flores), our newest Member, to explain her amendment.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Madam Speaker, we have two bills included in this rule that enjoy  bipartisan support. They have come through regular order in committee.  They had legislative hearings. They had subcommittee markups. They had  full committee markups. All Members were able to participate, and all  Members were able to be heard. This is the way it should be done.   The Restoring Hope for Mental Health and Well-Being Act will help  Americans struggling with mental health issues that have been  exacerbated by the lockdowns of the coronavirus.   Establishing ARPA-H as an independent agency--so critical--will allow  for innovative, transformative health technologies and treatments that  will benefit all Americans.   Unfortunately, it doesn't stop there. There does not appear to be a  statutory or regulatory justification for requiring Federal surveys to  collect information on an individual's gender and sexual identity. If  we are going to ask about gender identity, we should also be asking  about citizenship.   Madam Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote on the previous question and a  ``no'' vote on the rule. I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   