 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, it has just come over the wire--the news  [[Page S1926]]  just broke in the last couple of days--that corporate profits are at  the highest they have been since 1950. In other words, corporations are  making more money in the calendar year 2021 than any year since 1950.  That is 70-plus years. Corporate profits are through the roof.   We also know--and that came out today--the Wall Street Journal, a  very pro-business, pro-corporate America newspaper, pointed out that  CEO compensation has gone up stratospherically.   We know, as the Presiding Officer from Illinois has pointed out in  the past, too, that corporate profits have continued to go up, that CEO  pay has been stratospheric, and that workers' wages have essentially  been flat.   We also know that corporations--especially oil companies, shipping  companies, meatpacking companies, and drug companies--have raised their  prices dramatically higher than inflation.   So what we are seeing is that corporate profits are the highest in 70  years; CEO compensation is the highest ever--big raises last year; and  prices have gone up, especially in those four industries, because they  have essentially taken advantage of the pandemic, the opportunity  during the pandemic for them to raise prices.   So one of the biggest reasons we have inflation is not because we  invested in the American people with the Recovery Act and the  bipartisan infrastructure bill; one of the biggest reasons for  inflation is corporate executives saw an opportunity during the  pandemic. All these supply chain issues, all these problems of  outsourcing jobs to China--in the meatpacking industry and the oil  industry and the prescription drug industry, in industry after  industry--the shipping industry--these CEOs are thinking they can raise  their prices more. So they have raised their prices more, their profits  have gone up, executive compensation continues to go up dramatically,  and then they blame inflation on the President or blame inflation on  the Congress or whatever.    The fact is that these companies have abused the public trust, as we  know, by dramatically raising prices in one of the most difficult times  in our Nation's history, during this pandemic. They should be ashamed  of themselves, but many of them brag to stockholders ``Look how well we  are doing,'' and that is a serious problem.   In fact, there is a company in Ohio that not too long ago announced-- a big, storied U.S. company, Goodyear--that they were going to expand  manufacturing in the United States. Do you know what happened? Their  stock price went down because these companies decided that maybe that  is not such a good thing. The stockholders decided it.   Starbucks' CEO has come back--the CEO and the founder--and he  announced that his company was going to cut back or eliminate some of  the executive compensation, some of the stock buybacks. His stock price  went down.   So investors are saying: Yeah, we love our country, but if it is  going to help workers, maybe we are not so excited, or if it is going  to help communities, maybe we are not so excited.   It is sort of capitalism upside down. We know from this President and  from what we are doing, our economy is growing faster than China's-- first time in 20 years. We know that the President and the Senate and  the House are putting workers in the center of our economic policy. But  we know CEOs aren't following that playbook. They are squeezing workers  as hard as they can. They are paying themselves more in stock buybacks.  Their profits are up. Their stock prices, when they talk--we know all  those things. Yet CEO behavior simply hasn't changed.   Our mission as Members of this body is to continue to invest in  workers, to continue to invest in the middle class, to continue to  advocate for the dignity of work, and continue to put workers in the  center of our economy.   I yield the floor.   