 Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman's courtesy in  allowing me to speak on this. I appreciate the leadership of Mr. Cohen.  This is the culmination, hopefully, of years of struggle to try and end  this barbaric practice.   There are those who are apologists for the industry. It shouldn't  take this long, and repeated efforts, with hundreds of cosponsors,  Congress after Congress after Congress. It has been my privilege to  work with Mr. Whitfield from Kentucky, Ted Yoho, Kurt Schrader, our  colleague from Oregon, and lately the leadership of Mr. Cohen, raising  the banner and moving forward.   We should have zero tolerance for this barbaric practice. Forcing  horses to be tortured, looking at the devices that they use to train  them to have that distinctive gait. Concrete shoes.   We have had hearing after hearing here on Capitol Hill, and whenever  we have an opportunity for people to be exposed to the abuses of this  industry and see these barbaric practices, people marvel that we  haven't been able to stop it.   Part of the problem is the self-regulation of the industry and that  there isn't a sense of urgency to stop torturing these animals.   Mr. Speaker, I have been pleased to work repeatedly with colleagues  on a bipartisan basis to stop it. I don't know what the compliance rate  is, whether it is 96, 97, 90. The fact is, we are talking about  hundreds of horses being tortured and for no good reason.   I strongly support the legislation from my colleague and the vast  coalition that has been put in place to end this barbaric practice.   Some of the champions that have been involved in the past, like the  Humane Society, have been there repeatedly, working to get the support,  get the cosponsors, get it passed; but despite overwhelming support,  despite a terrible record in protecting horses, it has taken far too  long.   I am hopeful that this Congress will finally put an end to the  barbaric practice, stop temporizing, stop apologizing for those who  abuse horses and end this horrific practice once and for all.   