 Madam Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 1519, I  call up the bill (H.R. 8393) to enable the people of Puerto Rico to  choose a permanent, nonterritorial, fully self-governing political  status for Puerto Rico and to provide for a transition to and the  implementation of that permanent, nonterritorial, fully self-governing  political status, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate  consideration in the House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks  and include extraneous material on H.R. 8393.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 8393, legislation I was  proud to introduce along with my colleagues, Representatives Nydia  Velazquez and Darren Soto, Resident Commissioner Jenniffer Gonzalez- Colon, and Majority Leader Steny Hoyer, to resolve Puerto Rico's  territorial status.   This bill being on the floor today was far from assured. There were  many times over the past several weeks when it appeared there wasn't  any hope of ever bringing this bill to the floor. In fact, my  colleagues and I were negotiating final changes as recently as 24 hours  ago.   But with the prodding of Leader Hoyer, we persevered. In spite of  opposition to the historic nature of what we are about to accomplish,  we persevered.   I commend and congratulate my colleagues who put aside their  philosophical differences and worked to arrive at a compromise that we  can all support.   Last year, the Natural Resources Committee held two legislative  hearings where Puerto Rican-elected government officials, legal and  human rights experts, and residents offered testimony and feedback to  the committee on the details of those bills.   Those bills that we were discussing were two bills, one dealing  primarily with statehood status and the other one seeking a self- determination path. Those two bills were diametrically opposed, and  until the negotiations began, little progress was seen moving the  question of status forward.   The Puerto Rico Status Act combines important elements of these two  bills to present a compromise that also incorporates input from the  full range of voices among Puerto Rico's status debate and that would  be supported by a majority of Members of Congress. That is the bill  that we bring forward today.   We had in-person public hearings, including with over 100 individuals  who shared comments and suggestions on the text with the delegation at  our public forum in Puerto Rico. In addition to these in-person  opportunities for public input, we also published the draft text on  POPVOX, an online submission tool that members of the public used to  share more than 100 comments, all of which were reviewed and considered  while developing the final language.   The Puerto Rico Status Act is, therefore, the product of a  participatory and informed process. It incorporates expertise and  knowledge from a wide range of stakeholders who have grappled with the  dilemma of Puerto Rico's second-class political status for many years.   Finding a resolution to Puerto Rico's political status has been  elusive and difficult, and it has been that way for a long time. Recent  efforts to resolve the issue began in 1991 with competing bills  introduced in the House and Senate, followed by legislation sponsored  by our former colleague Don Young in 1998, and finally the Puerto Rico  Democracy Act in 2010, sponsored by then-Puerto Rico Resident  Commissioner and current Governor Pierluisi.   While each of those previous bills passed the House, as we hope our  bill will today, as well, they ultimately failed because they did not  possess the necessary elements to end the colonial status of the island  through a fair and informed process.   In becoming chair of the Natural Resources Committee, I made the  issue of resolving Puerto Rico's political status a priority. It is  crucial to me that any proposal from Congress to decolonize Puerto Rico  be informed and led by Puerto Ricans.   As a non-Puerto Rican, I cannot claim the experience of Puerto Ricans  who have fought for equality and autonomy for their island for so many  years. However, as someone of Mexican descent and indigenous ancestry,  I feel a sense of solidarity with the people of Puerto Rico in that  enduring struggle. We continue to strive for equality and preserve our  traditions, as we all do that, and that struggle is a shared experience  among marginalized and disenfranchised people in this country and in  Puerto Rico.   I am proud to be discussing a piece of legislation, a proposal, today  that assists the people of Puerto Rico to directly be involved in  determining their political future.   In recent years, we have seen all too painfully that the current  colonial territory status is no longer viable and is incapable of  providing either adequate political or economic benefits to the people  of Puerto Rico.   Puerto Rico's current status is what impedes its economic  development. PROMESA and its financial oversight and management board,  the shortcomings of the Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority, or PREPA,  and the inadequate Federal response under the previous administration  to disasters like Hurricane Maria and the COVID-19 pandemic, these are  all products of the current territorial status.   Recent Supreme Court rulings have only further clarified that, as a  territory, Puerto Rico lacks the same constitutional protections and  rights as in the 50 States.   This bill would finally stop offering the problem as a continued  solution and would let the people of Puerto Rico choose a nonterritory,  noncolonial status for themselves.    I am extremely grateful to all the political and community leaders,  residents, and staff who worked to produce this compromise and  contributed to this bill.   I thank House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer; the Governor of Puerto  Rico, Pedro Pierluisi; Representatives Velazquez, Soto, and Ocasio- Cortez; and Resident Commissioner Gonzalez-Colon for their leadership  and dedication throughout a difficult but very necessary process.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, the only point of darkness that I can  see is the greatest democracy on Earth, the United States of America,  and what this bill does is provides some light and consistency to that  great democracy by saying you must rid yourself of this colonial  legacy. Our great Nation should not be a colonial holder of other  countries and other futures. This is an opportunity to break from that  and to encourage democracy.   Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York  (Ms. Velazquez). As I indicated earlier, my thanks go to her for her  work, as well.    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from New York.    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the  gentlewoman from New York.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Hoyer).   (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to revise and extend his  remarks.)    Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from  Florida (Mr. Soto), someone who, with other colleagues, worked through  this difficult process and produced the consensus today.    Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman  from New York (Ms. Ocasio-Cortez), one of the principals that worked on  this consensus.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the  gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Castor).    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   This has been a typical debate on Puerto Rico because the question of  status and the question of decolonizing our relationship with the  people of the island is a question that causes spirited debate. That is  okay, but spirited debate with misinformation and hastily drawn  conclusions is not the way to debate. We will leave that for another  day.   The important point today is that this did not get parachuted at the  last minute. This has been a difficult process for all involved, and, I  might add, a bipartisan process, to bring one final resolution  regardless of where the clock is in terms of this session. This is the  time that this was completed.   Madam Speaker, I am proud of this, and I am urging a ``yes'' vote on  the legislation.   There are two fundamental differences between ourselves and the  minority on this. The intent of the bill is simple: that there be three  options, all requiring a deliberate and informed decision by the people  of the island.   The current status is not one of those three options. Why? Because  the intent of this legislation is to allow the Puerto Rican people not  to be colonized and be a colony. That is the decolonization part of the  legislation.   The other part, although it has been the habit lately of people  wanting not only to predict outcomes of elections but to guarantee  outcomes of elections, contrary to that philosophy, this directs that  the people of Puerto Rico make the decision and respect that decision.   Our identity as a Nation is built on the values that we are all here  to support and respect. It is built on the rule of law. The people of  Puerto Rico, as citizens of this Nation, must be extended the respect  and the consideration that, since 1898, we have been the overseer of a  colony in this country. We must extend them the opportunity to choose  their path forward.   That is all it is. It is democratic; it is fair; and it is overdue.   Madam Speaker, I thank all the Members who worked on this--in  particular, Representatives Velazquez, Soto, Gonzalez-Colon, and  Ocasio-Cortez--for the difficult periods and times they went through in  this process, and obviously Majority Leader Hoyer for his insistence,  his prodding, and, on occasion, his calmness to get us to this point.   I thank the staff on our committee: chief counsel, Luis Urbina;  deputy chief counsel, Margarita Varela; policy aide, Ivan Robles; staff  director, David Watkins; and director of our Office of Insular Affairs,  Brian Modeste.   I also thank each and every one on Leader Hoyer's staff: Trent  Bauserman and Chris Bowman; also Renata Beca-Barragan on Ms.  Velazquez's staff; Gabriella Boffelli on Miss Gonzalez-Colon's staff;  and Andrea Valdes on Mr. Soto's staff for their hard work and  dedication to getting us to this point today. Sometimes that kind of  work is underappreciated. I acknowledge their work and thank them.   Madam Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote, and I yield back the balance of  my time.   