 Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Dingell for the time  and for her great work on this landmark bipartisan legislation, the  Recovering America's Wildlife Act, or RAWA, as we call it.   This is a bright spot amidst so many problems facing our Nation. As  our constituents are well aware, the climate crisis and other human  impacts have dramatically harmed our Nation's wildlife, and, in fact,  State agencies have identified 12,000 wildlife species that are in need  of conservation assistance. In the United States alone, there are  currently 1,300 species that are either threatened or endangered. If we  fail to act, these profound and irreversible losses will continue to  have devastating ecosystem impacts.   States, territories, and Tribes are doing great work to address  threats to wildlife, but their conservation efforts have been  chronically underfunded for decades. This stream of dedicated funding  from RAWA is a lifeline for local wildlife agencies.   This bill also provides local governments the resources to address  key elements impacting biodiversity loss such as wildfire and drought  which are worsening as the climate crisis accelerates. RAWA lays the  groundwork for wildfire threat mitigation on a number of fronts,  including managing vegetation and creating wildlife-friendly fire  management plans on the front end, performing emergency rescues during  the fires, and restoring critical habitat after fires.   RAWA funding will also allow local communities to restore habitats  that have been harmed by drought and protect vulnerable ecosystems from  further damage because we know these drought conditions are going to  continue.   We cannot lose sight of the cultural implications of this  legislation. The funding in this bill for Tribal nations to recover  fish and wildlife is critical to protecting the species that have been  integral to their cultures since time immemorial. Biodiversity is  declining at a rate not seen since the last mass extinction. Tackling  this crisis simply cannot wait.   As chairman of the Water, Oceans, and Wildlife Subcommittee of the  House Natural Resources Committee, I am incredibly glad to see this  bill on the floor today with strong bipartisan support--42 Republican  cosponsors, and 152 Democrats.   Madam Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to vote ``yes.''   