 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I was surprised to learn that Facebook  recently flagged a news article that I posted on my Facebook pages as  ``false information.'' The article I posted was about new Durham  investigation allegations against Hillary Clinton's campaign and its  associates. The article clearly cited a Federal court filing and a  former congressional investigator with a deep understanding of the  Democrats' work to concoct the bogus Russia collusion narrative that  divided our Nation for years.   This wouldn't be an issue today if more journalists did their job of  being the police of our society and governmental system and reported on  all investigations, not just ones that appeal to certain political  parties.   What kind of a message does this censorship send to a reporter who  does take on the new allegations against the Clinton campaign and its  associates and then it is labeled ``disinformation''? I don't think  that is going to encourage more journalists to cover this issue.   It is truly mind-blowing that these companies continue to interfere  in free expression. Big Tech is silencing everyone they disagree with,  and clearly they see no check to their powers. The article I cited--I  cited two in my post--was on foxnews.com, a mainstream news  organization.   Why does Facebook and one of its third-party fact-checker partners  get to make the decision that this news article is considered false  information? That decision should be made by the American people who  should be able to view that content and decide that fact for  themselves. It shouldn't be decided by our Big Tech overlords who seem  to only find fault with content that is conservative or goes against  the liberal narrative.   These are the same outlets that allowed information relating to the  Steele dossier to run wild and very free, yet censored Hunter Biden's  news articles during the 2020 election.   Now they are doing the bidding for the Clinton camp. Why are they so  afraid of reporting that exposes the Russian collusion hoax? Silencing  or chilling free speech and the back-and-forth discussion of ideas is  entirely wrong. Increasingly, we see the tag ``misinformation'' or  ``disinformation'' given to content that the liberal mainstream media  simply disagrees with or goes against their chosen narrative. Finding  and seeking the truth should not be about silencing voices but allowing  robust discourse.   It is time that we examine the section 230 immunity that has enabled  these companies to avoid any liability. We must stop these companies  from arbitrarily deciding what speech is acceptable for this free  country we live in. It has become increasingly clear that these  dominant platforms controlling discussion and dialogue are more  beholden to cancel culture and not to the fundamentals of free speech  principles that this country was founded upon.   These Big Tech companies have few competitors and are immune from  liability. These companies are unaccountable to their customers, the  courts, and the government. If not for their monopoly power and section  230 immunity, these companies might not be involved in the actions and  censorship that we see today.   As a U.S. Senator and someone who has been vocally outspoken about my  concerns with censorship on online platforms, I will continue to do  everything in my power to prevent the censorship of speech and ideas on  behalf of my constituents in Iowa and of course on all Americans.  Simply put, we deserve better than ``woke'' monopolists and their  liberal lapdogs deciding what we can discuss.   I yield the floor.   