 Mr. Speaker, today, I am excited to join my colleagues  as we consider the first reauthorization of the Peace Corps in two  decades and also celebrate the 61st anniversary of the establishment of  this extraordinary American invention.   This week, we celebrate the anniversary of President John F.  Kennedy's signing of the Peace Corps Act into law on September 22,  1961. My wife, Patti, and I began our careers in public service when we  joined the Peace Corps as young married graduates fresh out of UC  Berkeley.   Our post was to a remote village in western Ethiopia. We taught the  seventh and eighth grades and engaged in community development. Like so  many Americans of every age and background, we answered JFK's call to  service.   Over the 60 years since the first volunteers arrived in Liberia, more  than 240,000 Americans have served in 143 countries. Their tasks were  to assist in the economic and social development in those countries.   JFK gave the call to service: ``Ask not what your country can do for  you--ask what you can do for your country.'' By 1962, Peace Corps  volunteers were in-country. They were bringing advanced agricultural  production techniques. They were teaching and providing medical  education and healthcare services. They were creating cooperatives.  They were building roads. They were bringing every conceivable skill  that every nation needed.   When the Soviet Union collapsed, Peace Corps volunteers were asked by  13 newly independent states to come and bring the best of America with  them. Americans young and old with every skill arrived. Since 1992,  3,552 American Peace Corps volunteers have served in Ukraine.   Prior to the global COVID-19 pandemic, Peace Corps volunteers served  in 61 countries. For 60 years, the benefits of these Peace Corps  volunteers' work at home and abroad were undeniable.   Over the decades, many Members and former volunteers have had the  honor of co-chairing the Congressional Peace Corps Caucus. I thank my  co-chair, Garret Graves, as we lead congressional understanding and  support for this essential element of America's international  engagement and also the indelible impact that the Peace Corps service  has had on the lives of so many around the world and in our own  country.   The COVID-19 pandemic shut down Peace Corps programs around the  world. Today, the Peace Corps is diligently returning its volunteers to  this essential work. The agency has set an ambitious goal of surpassing  10,000 volunteers annually serving abroad. Volunteers are now in 27  countries, and every month, another country is restarting its program.   My bill, the bipartisan Peace Corps Reauthorization Act, H.R. 1456,  builds upon the Sam Farr and Nick Castle Peace Corps Reform Act of 2018  and the Kate Puzey Peace Corps Volunteer Protection Act of 2011.   It does make many important reforms, which have already been  discussed here on the floor. I would only add that it does guarantee  additional health insurance coverage for returned volunteers  immediately following their service and requires the Peace Corps to  facilitate long-term public and private health insurance coverage  opportunities for returning volunteers. As mentioned, the workers'  compensation rate has increased.   This bill strengthens the protection of volunteers against reprisals  or retaliation for reporting wrongdoing within the agency and overseas.   In total, this bill would provide the necessary Federal resources to  support international programs, and current, returning, and former  Peace Corps volunteers, by authorizing an annual appropriation of  $430,500,000. This current, critical legislation will reinvigorate the  Peace Corps and ensure that its essential work can continue to shape  and inspire people around the world for years to come.   In 1961, President Kennedy understood that the Peace Corps would  ``permit our people to exercise more fully their responsibilities in  the great common cause of world development.''   He set out three goals. To paraphrase, first, unpack your bag and  live with and help meet the needs in your new community. Second, in  your new community, work to create a better understanding of America by  being the real face of America. Third, bring an understanding of the  world back home.     Mr. Speaker, I can think of no better way to honor  JFK's vision than for this Congress to pass the bipartisan Peace Corps  Reauthorization Act and advance the Peace Corps into the 21st century.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to pass this important bill.   