 Mr. Speaker, l rise today in support of S.7, the Violence  Against Women Act (VAWA) Technical Amendment Act of 2022. This bill  will ensure the full inclusion of Native Hawaiians, the indigenous  peoples of our country whose origins lie in Hawaii, in the Services,  Training, Officers and Prosecutors (STOP) Grants for Tribal Coalitions  program under VAWA.   Violence against indigenous women has reached crisis levels on tribal  lands and in Alaska Native villages. In Hawaii, gender-based violence  against Native Hawaiians is also at a breaking point.   Much like their American Indian and Alaska Native counterparts  elsewhere, Native Hawaiians face substantially higher rates of intimate  partner violence, family violence, sexual assault and sex trafficking  than any other racial or ethnic group in Hawaii. According to most  available data from the Officer of Hawaiian Affairs, 67 to 77 percent  of sex trafficking victims in Hawaii are Native Hawaiian women and  girls, and 37 percent of reported child sex trafficking cases in Hawaii  involve Native Hawaiians. They are also disproportionately represented  across the many forms of sexual violence.   To address these issues within Native Hawaiian communities, we must  develop and implement community-driven, culturally relevant and  intergenerational approaches for supporting Native Hawaiian women.  Unfortunately, because of a drafting error in the 2013 VAWA  reauthorization bill, Native Hawaiian domestic violence victims have  been excluded from VAWA STOP Grants, which deliver just such programs,  and thus effectively deprived of vital services and support. While  tribal coalitions and Native Hawaiian Organizations are eligible for  STOP Grant funding, both tribal coalitions and Native Hawaiian  Organizations are limited to only serving American Indians and Alaska  Natives, not Native Hawaiians. This must be corrected.   The VAWA Technical Amendment Act simply adds Native Hawaiians as  eligible for VAWA-related services from Native nonprofit grantees. Any  Native Hawaiian Organization interested and eligible to provide  critical domestic violence and sexual assault services to Native  Hawaiian survivors must be given the opportunity to do so. This  technical correction will allow this to happen, ensuring that Native  Hawaiian Organizations can serve Native Hawaiians in need of these  critical services.   More work lies ahead for our federal government to address and  eliminate the ongoing violence against indigenous women in our country,  and I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues on these  efforts to support all Native survivors of domestic and sexual  violence.   Mahalo.   