 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my support for S. 958, the  companion bill to H.R. 5141, the MOBILE Health Care Act.   As my colleagues have pointed out, community health centers across  the country play a crucial role in ensuring rural and underserved  communities have access to affordable, quality healthcare.   For more than 50 years, health centers have provided services to  America's most vulnerable population and medically underserved  communities. These centers are the healthcare home for nearly 29  million patients, including 9 million children and over 400,000  veterans.   The MOBILE Health Care Act that we are considering today would help  these centers further expand their reach to the most rural areas of our  country by giving them greater flexibility and allowing them to bring  clinics even closer to the patients that they serve.   I understand the need for increasing access to health services and  appreciate how beneficial health centers have proven to be in my  district. Community health centers are an integral part of the  healthcare safety net, and this bill will improve access to care for  many of my constituents. I encourage my colleagues to support this  bill.    Mr. Speaker, I rise today to oppose the  previous question so that we can immediately consider H.R. 6184, the  HALT Fentanyl Act, and stop the deadly flow of fentanyl into our  communities.   The failure of the Biden administration to control the southern  border has resulted in record levels of deadly synthetic drugs, like  fentanyl, pouring directly into American communities. So far this  fiscal year, over 10,000 pounds of fentanyl have been seized at the  southern border, with even more slipping through into our country. That  is enough fentanyl to kill every American eight times over.   There is little doubt that the surge of drug seizures at our border  is closely connected to the surge of drug overdose deaths in the United  States. In fact, every 7\1/2\ minutes, someone in the United States  dies from fentanyl poisoning. Every 7\1/2\ minutes. There is an  opportunity here for us to work together to help stem the flow of  deadly fentanyl and its analogues into our country.   In my home State of Georgia, fentanyl overdose deaths in teens are up  800 percent. 800 percent. Tragic overdoses like this are happening  every day all over the country.   Even the CDC reports that fentanyl is now the leading cause of death  in the U.S. for adults ages 18 to 45. How can anyone seriously argue  that a drug 50 times more potent than heroin that almost always proves  to be fatal when ingested should ever be legal?   Despite this crisis, the President did not request a single  additional penny for the border crisis or the fentanyl crisis in the  funding request for the CR. That is despicable.   Again, these products are manufactured illegally and are largely  brought to the United States through the southern border. To save  lives, we must secure the border and halt the flow of fentanyl.   I have visited the border several times to see this crisis firsthand.  Unfortunately, our President has never visited our southern border.  Never been there. Not even once.   With a record-high number of illegal immigrants, smugglers and  cartels are using this as an opportunity to traffic more fentanyl  substances.   Unfortunately, President Biden and his administration have elected to  leave our border wide open, inviting drug traffickers to bring fentanyl  substances into the country and distribute it in our streets.   This should not be a partisan issue. Fentanyl does not discriminate.  It doesn't care if you are a Republican or a Democrat.   The individuals manufacturing and distributing fentanyl and its  analogues are criminal, and they are killing us. This is not an issue  that is going away. It is only getting worse every day.   If the President would visit the border, he would be able to talk to  the agents firsthand and see for himself just how serious the issue is.  Our communities are at risk, and our loved ones are dying. President  Biden has ignored this public health crisis for far too long.   It is past time to make this scheduling classification permanent, and  I am proud to support the HALT Fentanyl Act to do just that.   Mr. Speaker, let's pass this bill, secure the border, stem the tide  of the growing fentanyl crisis, and save lives.   