 Madam President, in calculating, it may be possible that I  have served on the Intel Committee longer than anybody besides Richard  Burr currently on the committee, with some time in the House--but not  all of the time in the House--and in the Senate. It is truly amazing  the depth of understanding he has of programs, of  [[Page S7169]]  capacity, of the places we are all over the world.   I think he and Senator Warner have done a great job of maintaining  that committee as a bipartisan committee, working together,  understanding that most of what we do and that most of what we talk  about is only seen by us and the staff of that committee. It is an  important responsibility to ask questions and hear answers that others  Members can't. Richard's leadership has been incredible.   I want to spend a few minutes talking about the other portfolio he  has that I am also involved in as the appropriating chairman on the  Health and Education and Labor Committee.   In so many ways, particularly after COVID, Richard, we became the  team--the authorizing and the appropriating--so we could make this all  work together.   Efforts are extraordinary as well. We heard the long list of things  he did to create an understanding of what we needed to do--the whole  idea of rapid response, of BARDA, of having a stockpile. All of this  is--not only is so much of it Richard's idea, but also Richard has kept  the idea alive.   I will just tell you this is from absolute personal and occasional  knowledge in the press--they are wondering: Now, why are you still  spending that money on the stockpile? We didn't use it last year, and  we didn't use it the year before. Why do you think we need to have  things in that stockpile that are usable and have efficacy now?   Richard has been there. Often, the only people advocating for the  stockpile, advocating for being ready for things we hope don't happen,  are the manufacturers who are willing to manufacture this and Richard  Burr and others--that very small group of people who say: We have got  to be ready.   Now we are talking about, with Richard's leadership again, being  ready in other ways, where we are ready to manufacture and have a rapid  response like we did with COVID, where we now, maybe, have the capacity  to figure out very quickly what we need and produce that, but you have  to have the kind of relationship to have that rapid production.   You know, when something like this happens, everybody is willing to  do everything, and, frankly, everybody is willing to spend everything,  but that is likely too late. You have to be willing to plan everything  and be prepared to execute a plan rather than ``Now we have a problem;  let's do whatever it takes.'' Richard Burr has been there in thinking  about how we plan, how we prepare, what kind of relationships we need  to have.   On top of that, the biomedical research and the new interest in  synthetic biology--so much of that leaves this building and this floor  when Richard leaves. I think there are so many ways he can be and will  be available to the country and will be a service to the country, but  showing up every day, in every Congress, in every session, and to every  meeting with the knowledge he has brought to those issues is incredibly  important.   We see the possibility of health used in a warlike way. We see the  interest and the need to look into this to see what has happened or  what could happen. Let me just say that, from the Health, Education,  and Labor job that I have had, I have been able to see, maybe like  nobody else has, the Health, Education, and Labor commitment and  understanding he has. I am grateful for that. I am grateful for his  friendship.   I look forward to things he and I could continue to find to do  together, but I am grateful for the fact that he has been here when he  was so needed and stepped up in such a significant way.   Our good friend Lamar Alexander on that committee, in the height of  COVID, also very close to both of us, was very dedicated to this work.  When Lamar left, I said one of the things I am most grateful for is  that I got to serve in the Senate that included Lamar Alexander. I am  also grateful that I got to serve in the Senate that included Richard  Burr.    Madam President, a moment ago when I saw Senator Shelby  and Senator Leahy shake hands warmly in the middle of the aisle, I  thought of it as a century of service in the Congress. It is a century  of learning lessons that fortunately they have both been able to share  with us.   I mentioned in my farewell remarks the other day Senator Shelby and  Senator Leahy and how, working with both of them on the Appropriations  Committee and the Rules Committee, I learned so much from them. But I  was reminded today--I have heard a number of these speeches in the time  I have been in the Senate, and I don't think anybody ever has reminded  us quite so well of the oath we take--the oath we take to the  Constitution, the oath we take to do this job as well as we can, and  the promise we make, frankly, to find a solution.   It is a lot easier in Washington these days and in the Senate it is a  lot easier to find a fight than it is to find a solution. We have kind  of fallen into a place where so many people now run for office talking  about what they will never do. Frankly, when you start talking about  what you will never do, that usually takes us out of the conversation  of what can be done, and if anybody here has been a determined  participant in finding what could be done, it is Senator Shelby.   That certainly does not mean that he gives in easily. Many times I  have been asked by other Members or the press: What do you think  Senator Shelby is thinking about this final deal? I would say: I don't  know what he is thinking,  [[Page S7176]]  but I know he is thinking, and I know we are not going to find out what  he is thinking until he is ready to tell us what he is thinking. But he  is trying to figure out a way to come to a conclusion that can actually  solve the problem. And in the appropriating process, that problem is  usually keeping the government in business.   The other thing I have noticed especially about Senator Shelby is how  often he is willing to share things that he hears from his family. His  older sister used to--I would hear from him: Well, I got advice from my  older sister. And I must think--I am wondering, Well, how old is your  oldest sister? So I would usually ask him and be reminded of that.   But I benefit from the advice too. Just like his sister was calling  him and saying whatever it was they were talking about that day, he was  always talking about his sons and always talking about Mrs. Shelby. You  know, I have such great respect for her.   He said to me: You know, you are married to a strong woman too.   I said: Yes, I am.   He said: We better not forget it.   And he hasn't forgotten it, nor has he forgotten to appreciate her  and brag on her and understand what an important part of his life and  his career she has been. I hope I have learned something from that as  well.   Team Shelby is pretty good. You know, Richard has surrounded himself  with people who have stayed in his working orbit. They may go from one  committee to another or maybe they stay right where they are, being  sure they keep him on time. Maybe they find out that if you are going  to travel, you are going to travel in a way that absolutely reaches the  diplomatic conclusion and the helpful conclusion for the country and  Alabama it was designed to make. So I have always been a big respecter  of Team Shelby as well.    I was particularly impressed to watch Team Shelby--whether they knew  it or not, they just produced their own Senator. I think Katie Britt is  going to be a great Member of the Senate. One of the reasons is she was  such an important part of Senator Shelby's efforts here. He listened to  her, she listened to him, and when it came time to step up, I don't  think any Member in the Senate who I am aware of has ever made a  greater commitment to try to be sure that they were replaced by  somebody who would do the best possible job of following their legacy  for the State.   It has been wonderful for me to get to be on the Appropriations  Committee and the Rules Committee and work with Senator Shelby but also  all the many times we have had just to talk about what is going on that  day, what was going on with his family, what was happening with his  staff.   I am glad to be here today and share with him how much I benefited  from the great friendship we have had but more importantly the great  example and to be reminded again of our oath to the Constitution and  the importance of being a problem-solver rather than being the person  who always wants to talk about the problem. Richard always wants to  solve the problem, and the country is better for that, and so is the  Senate.   I yield the floor.   