 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to modify the  previous order so that the Senate remain in executive session until  6:15 p.m., with all provisions under the previous order remaining in  effect.    Mr. President, our Navy and Marine Corps are the best in  the world, but we face many challenges across the globe. We need to  build new ships and maintain our current fleet. We need to recruit,  train, and equip a force necessary to deter conflict, especially in the  Indo-Pacific. We need to help keep sea lanes open for commerce and  build deeper relationships with our allies and our partners.   To make sure that the Navy is able to carry out all military and  civilian objectives, we allocate a lot of money for its budget. A  Comptroller is critical to ensuring the accountability of taxpayer  dollars and to keeping the Navy's readiness at the highest level.   Russell Rumbaugh, the nominee for this position, will bring firsthand  knowledge to the job, having previously served as both special  assistant to the Director and as an operations research analyst in the  Secretary of Defense's Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation Office.   In having served as an Army infantry officer, Mr. Rumbaugh has had a  unique perspective that will help him to support and strengthen our  Navy, but his nomination is stuck because the Senator from Missouri is  blocking it over disagreements, not with Russell Rumbaugh and not even  necessarily with the Department of the Navy but with the Biden  administration and Afghanistan policy.   I know because we have been here before, actually, Senator Hawley and  I, I think, three times. This is the third time. I know what he is  going to do today. I am going to make a unanimous consent request that  we get the Navy a Comptroller, and he is going to say: No. I want a  special committee on the Afghanistan withdrawal.   I am not the Armed Services chairman, and I am not the majority  leader. I can't authorize that kind of thing. In any case, the House  Armed Services Committee is absolutely, under a presumed Speaker  McCarthy, going to do tons of oversight in this space.   My basic complaint about this tactic is that it is not what this  power is for. It is not what this power is for. We are all given the  ability to block a nominee. It is supposed to be used sparingly and not  in the fashion that it is being used by the Senator from Missouri. The  Senator from Missouri, essentially, has got a total blanket hold.  Sometimes, he allows the body to vote on somebody, but the demand,  which he knows will never be accepted, remains. Otherwise, he will  block the logistics guy at the Army; he will block the fiscal guy at  the Navy; he has blocked numerous Department of Defense nominees not  because of their qualifications and not because of any particular  dispute regarding the nominee but because he is mad about the  Afghanistan withdrawal. Lots of people are mad about the Afghanistan  withdrawal, but only Senator Hawley does this.   I would just submit that the right way to influence foreign policy is  on the floor as an amendment to the Defense authorization or to the  State Department authorization or on the Senate Foreign Relations  Committee or on the Senate Armed Services Committee, but not just by  stomping your feet and disabling the Department of Defense from doing  the work that it needs to do.   I just got out of a meeting. I came right out of this meeting with  the Chief of Naval Operations. We talked a little bit about this  position, and he talked to me about how important it was. So Senator  Hawley and I may have a different view about the Afghanistan  withdrawal, but I don't understand what Russell Rumbaugh has to do with  this. He is an eminently qualified person. I don't even think the  Senator from Missouri is alleging that this guy couldn't do the job or  shouldn't do the job. It is just that he is mad about something else.    So we have got to break this logjam. The Senator from Missouri has  been doing this for, well, more than a year now, and the Department of  Defense itself is suffering. We have exchanged some pretty tough words,  but I just hope that he sees fit to separate his foreign policy  objections around Joe Biden being President and Secretary Austin and  Secretary Blinken. Fair enough. It is a free country. He is a  Republican; I am a Democrat. These are the kinds of fights that we  have. But why block the Comptroller from the Navy? It just makes no  sense to me.   I ask unanimous consent that the Senate consider the following  nomination: Calendar No. 972, R. Russell Rumbaugh, to be an Assistant  Secretary of the Navy; that the Senate vote on the nomination without  intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; and that the  President be immediately notified of the Senate's action.    I object.    It is fine. Go ahead.    Mr. President, in reserving the right to object and just  very quickly, look, we are at an impasse here. The problem is that the  Senator from Missouri is asking for something that he knows I can't  agree to, and he is blocking the Comptroller of the U.S. Navy because  he is mad about something else. I mean, it is very clear what he is mad  about, and he has come in with his set speech about what he is mad  about.   The fundamental point here is that this is not the way to be a Member  of the U.S. Senate. I remember--I guess it was a couple of years ago-- he came down and said: I ask unanimous consent that we pass my bill on  section 230 of the Communications Decency Act.   I said: If you want to get a hearing, go try to get a hearing.  Introduce a bill. Get a Democratic cosponsor. Make the case. Work it  through the committee process.   He has failed on that, and he has failed on this issue. He doesn't  have other people with him, so he is pitching a fit. And the bummer  about this is that it is not me who suffers; it is not one party or the  other who suffers; it is the taxpayer. In this instance, it is the  Department of the Navy that will lack a Comptroller because Josh Hawley  is not getting his way.    I object.   