 Madam President, this weekend will mark 6 years since 49  of our fellow Americans were killed in one of the deadliest attacks in  our Nation's history.   It was a tragic, despicable terrorist attack on the Hispanic and gay  communities in Orlando. Each person killed was a son or daughter,  brother or sister, mother or father, husband or wife. They were part of  our families and communities. The assault on Pulse was an act of pure  evil that was and remains the worst terror attack on U.S. soil since  September 11, 2001. And it was inspired by the same ideology of hate.  But ultimately, that hateful ideology failed to tear apart our  community.   June 12, 2016, is a day that I will never forget. The senseless,  tragic loss of life will never dull with time, nor will the memory of  how our communities came together in the days and weeks that followed.  Pulse was a well-known nightclub in central Florida. It was part of the  fabric of the local community, and that awful day struck a terrible  blow. But the community awoke from the tragedy stronger and more united  than it was before.   The terrorist would have been horrified to see the First Baptist  Church in Orlando--another pillar of the local community--opening its  doors to the LGBT community, welcoming them and their families, and  holding services there. The terrorist would have hated to see  Floridians from all across the State bringing food and water to support  victims, families, and first responders. There were unending lines to  donate blood. There were memorial services around the State. There was  a sense that there was something greater than any one person worth  sacrificing for; there was a sense of community, fellowship, and  solidarity. This is the America I know and love, and it is our country  at its best.   Sunday will be a day for reflection, for remembering those who lost  their lives to an evil, hateful ideology. It will also be a day to  acknowledge the tremendous impact their families and the survivors have  had, not only on their community and State, but on our Nation.   And while the fight against evil and hate continues, we can and  should take inspiration from their strength.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   