 Mr. President, I rise today to discuss a critical issue  that continues to take a heavy toll on the health and financial well- being of Americans: high prescription drug prices.   This uniquely American problem has U.S. families paying the highest  price compared to other countries, leading to millions of Americans  having to leave their pharmacies with their prescription drugs left on  the table. No one should have to go into debt to buy prescription drugs  that they need to stay healthy, productive, and to have a healthy life.   Twenty-nine percent of Americans either cannot afford their  prescription drugs or are rationing them. And the United States stands  alone in this among the developed nations of the world.   The United States spends approximately $575 billion annually on  prescription drugs, or about 14 percent of the total healthcare  expenditures. In 2019, the United States spent, on average, $1,126 per  capita on prescription medicines, twice as high as a comparable amount  spent in the industrial world.   Americans and Marylanders are struggling to pay their prescription  drug medications, and it is long past time for Congress to remedy this  problem. Prescription drugs have been lifesaving for millions, but if  they are not affordable, then their benefit is moot. High prescription  drug prices drive health inequalities that we are fighting to eradicate  since groups in fair or poor health most struggle to afford their  medications.   For years, Congress has been working on commonsense solutions to  increase access to affordable prescription medications, reducing costs  for patients and taxpayers. It is now time to act.   U.S. prescription drug prices are set through an opaque process by  manufacturers, pharmaceutical benefit manufacturers, and payers. Prices  are often disconnected from the health impacts of the products being  purchased.   Opponents of addressing the high drug costs claim that more  affordable prices will come at the expense of innovation. I say, and  the research agrees, this is a false choice. To ensure access through  innovative treatments and prescriptions, the U.S. Government makes  significant investments in biomedical research. The Presiding Officer  knows that very well from his position on the Appropriations Committee.  No greater example of this investment is the National Institutes of  Health located in our home State of Maryland, which is the world's  largest government funder of biomedical research. Almost all drugs rely  on NIH-supported basic research, and the returns on these investments  are very high.   Researchers from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology have found  that every $125 million NIH grant leads to $375 million more in private  market value, 33 more patents, and one new drug.   Another study estimates that the rate of return on NIH investment is  43 percent and that each dollar in NIH funding leads to an additional  $8.40 in private research and development spending. So the government  investments are well done--it leverages a lot more--but the government  is the key player.   Further, the Small Business Innovation Research and the Small  Business Technology Transfer, SBIR/STTR programs, also support  innovation. SBIR/STTR currently are the largest U.S. Federal Government  programs supporting small businesses to conduct research and  investment. SBIR began in 1982 and currently requires that each Federal  Agency spending more than $100 million annually on external research  set aside 3.2 percent of those funds for awards to small businesses.  SBIR is very selective, with only about 22 percent of the applicants  receiving funding. For many small firms, the SBIR ``serves as the first  place many entrepreneurs involved in technological innovation''--where  they get their funding.   Through the SBIR/STTR programs, NIH supports drug innovation by  setting aside more than 3.2 percent of its overall Intramural Research  and Development budget specifically to support early stage small  businesses through the Nation. Many companies leverage this NIH funding  to attract the partners and investors needed to take an innovation to  the market.   For example, Amgen, which was founded in 1980, received SBIR  investment in 1986. Today, it is a multinational biopharmaceutical  company with over 20,000 employees. Despite these significant taxpayer  investments, prescription drugs are often priced at levels that limit  access to lifesaving drugs, particularly among those who are  underinsured or uninsured. Even after accounting for the costs and  risks  [[Page S3304]]  of research and development, evidence shows the returns to new products  exceed normal rates of return.   Drug companies continue to raise prices on consumers without  justification, and we must crack down on price gouging and enforce  transparency and drug pricing. That is why I strongly support the  policies the Senate Finance Committee recently released, which comprise  of comprehensive reform to lower prescription drug prices for  Americans.   One policy included in this package that I have long supported is  empowering Medicare to begin negotiating directly for the price of  prescription drugs. This is just common sense. This is what businesses  do. This is a free market. We negotiate.    In the private sector, no plan sponsor or manager would ever accept  responsibility without the ability to decide how to negotiate. No  private sector company would parcel themselves out in order to  negotiate; they would use their full size as a market force. We don't  do that in Medicare. Medicare negotiations will ensure that patients  with Medicare get the best deal possible on high-priced drugs.   Another policy I support in prescription drug affordability is  capping Medicare patients' out-of-pocket costs at no more than $2,000  per year. Today, there is no cap on spending for prescription drugs for  seniors on Medicare. This policy will prevent Medicare beneficiaries  from paying tens of thousands of dollars to purchase lifesaving drugs  prescribed by their doctors.   The policies I have just outlined, along with additional reforms--and  there are several others that are included in this package, including a  required rebate if a drug manufacturer increases their price beyond the  cost of inflation. There are other issues here to protect the solvency  long term of prescription drug benefits and Medicare beneficiaries.  This will make prescription drugs affordable for individuals and  families who desperately need it.   I urge all my colleagues to come together to address this urgent  issue. We have done the work. Now it is time to vote, getting these  savings back into our constituents' pockets.   I yield the floor.   