 Mr. President, yesterday, I was in Southern Maryland at  the Thomas Johnson Bridge. This bridge was built in the 1970s. It  connects St. Mary's County with Calvert County. There are critical  facilities that are located in this region. I say that because  [[Page S2651]]  this is an evacuation route. We have Calvert Cliffs Nuclear Power  Plant. We have Pax River. We have the Cove Point LNG facilities.   When it was built, a few thousand cars traversed the bridge on a  daily basis. Now over 30,000 cars trasverse this bridge. It is not  safe. It is a two-lane bridge, and it needs to be replaced. Major  accidents occur on a regular basis, causing incredible congestion, as  well as risking people's health.   I was there at the invitation of Senator Van Hollen. He could not  make it physically to be there, but he helped arrange for a  congressional earmark to help advance the replacement of this bridge.   I say that because we need to deal with traffic safety in this  country, and replacing unsafe bridges is just one part of that program.   The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration's 2021 fatality  report was just recently released, and the numbers are shocking. Nearly  43,000 people lost their lives on our highways in 2021. This is the  highest number since 2005. We are moving in the wrong direction on  traffic safety. It is the largest increase in fatalities since we have  been keeping the records since 1975.   Pedestrians and bicyclists, nearly 7,500 lost their lives in 2021.  And if you look at the deaths between 2010 and 2019, 53,435 people,  pedestrians, were killed as a result of traffic accidents. The impact  is disproportionate in communities of color.   In its report, Dangerous by Design, Smart Growth America found that  ``older adults, people of color, and people walking in low-income  communities are disproportionately represented in fatal crashes  involving people walking--even after controlling for differences in  population size and walking rates. The fatality rate in the lowest  income neighborhoods was nearly twice that of the middle income census  tracts . . . and almost three times that of higher-income  neighborhoods.''    If you have had a friend or a family member killed or injured by a  roadway collision, then the issue of safety is a personal one. The  reality of the situation, however, is that this is an issue that  affects all of us. All safety incidents cause delays and congestion on  our roads, and these delays are disruptive. They make us late to pick  up our kids from daycare. We miss important meetings. Our levels of  anxiety rise as we sit in traffic frustrated as our cars burn fuel in  stop-and-go traffic, sending excess pollution into the air we breathe.  All of this hurts our wallets, our health, and our sense of well-being.   With new data sources and analytical tools, the Center for Advanced  Transportation Technology, ``the CATT Lab,'' at the University of  Maryland has been able to quantitate some of the other impacts. Using  numbers the CATT Lab analysts consider as conservative for the value of  time placed on commercial vehicles and the traveling public, they found  that there were nearly $8 billion in user-delay costs due to safety  incidents on National Highway System roadways in 2019. Safety-related  incidents accounted for over 18 percent of all congestion and over 300  million vehicle hours of delay. And this is just on our National  Highway System, not our local roads.   Imagine if we could get back those 300 million hours of time to be  with our families, to be more productive at work, to be more creative,  and to live happier lives. Imagine if we could get back the $8 billion.  This is something that is obviously of concern to everyone. The worst  thing that we could do at this critical moment is to be complacent, to  shrug our shoulders and say this is just the price we pay to have cars  and the so-called freedom that our cars provide.   For those who have lost a loved one to a collision, this is an  unacceptable price, and it should be unacceptable to all of us because  we can do better and we must do better.   I applaud the Biden administration and the Department of  Transportation for putting forth a National Roadway Safety Strategy  earlier this year that adopts a long-term goal of zero roadway  fatalities. The plan takes a comprehensive look at safety and all the  pieces needed to help us tackle this challenge, from safer drivers to  safer vehicles to more effective after-crash care. All these components  are necessary. Today, however, I just want to focus on our roads.   Yes, we need individual drivers to do their part: to slow down, stay  focused, to be alert. Yes, we need new technologies for safer vehicles.  This is true, but it is not enough. What we need now more urgently than  ever is better infrastructure and safer roadways. Therefore, fixing  this problem is not about halting construction; it is about building.   We need the infrastructure but the kind of infrastructure that will  provide safety. We need better sidewalks, better bike paths, and better  intersections. In many places, we need to remove the vast expanses of  pavement that have for so long facilitated speeding and restore the  network of neighborhood streets that facilitate connections and support  communities and children.   This is the infrastructure that will be better for businesses too.  Many communities have found that small businesses aren't helped by  roads that make it easier for cars to speed right by. They are helped  by safe places for customers and employees to walk around and spend  time. We need the infrastructure, but we need the right kind of  infrastructure.   This year, we have a historic opportunity to change course and invest  in infrastructure we need for stronger communities and safer roadways  through the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law, but we have to be deliberate  and determined in seizing this opportunity.    I was proud to be part of the Environment and Public Works Committee.  I chair the Infrastructure Subcommittee. We worked together, Democrats  and Republicans, to produce a bipartisan surface transportation bill, a  bipartisan WRDA bill--Water Resources Development Act. They were  incorporated into the bipartisan infrastructure package. I am proud of  that work.   The Bipartisan Infrastructure Law provides several new policy tools  and funding to help us address safety on our roads. I would like to  highlight three important programs in the infrastructure law that will  play a vital role in helping us to change course.   First, the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law provides $15.6 billion for  the Highway Safety Improvement Program, which is one of our  longstanding formula programs whose purpose in statute is to ``achieve  a significant reduction in traffic fatalities and serious injuries on  all public roads.'' These are formula funds that go to our States.   With the enactment of the infrastructure law, the Highway Safety  Improvement Program will now incorporate a consideration of a safe  systems approach, which aims to protect vulnerable road users from the  start, from the designing of our roads.   A consortium the Johns Hopkins Center for Injury Research Policy  convened has highlighted the importance of a safe system approach based  on a wealth of evidence-based research. Their report said that a safe  systems approach ``begins with a commitment to eliminate fatalities and  serious injuries among all road users, and uses thoughtful road and  vehicle design to minimize crashes that occur when people make mistakes  and to reduce crash forces so that people are less likely to be injured  when crashes occur. By designing safety into the road system, deaths  and serious injuries are engineered out.'' That is what the report  pointed out.   Here again, the message is clear--we cannot simply wait for all  drivers to be error-free. We need to design and build better roadways.   Under the new and improved Highway Safety Improvement Program that  the bipartisan infrastructure bill will deliver, every State is  required to complete a vulnerable road user safety assessment to study  where and when fatalities and serious injuries are occurring, including  a demographic breakdown to ensure equity considerations are  incorporated. States must identify projects and strategies to reduce  the risks to pedestrians and cyclists. States in which vulnerable users  represent 15 percent or more of all roadway fatalities must spend 15  percent of their Federal Highway Safety Improvement Program dollars on  vulnerable user safety.   Based on 2016 to 2018 fatality rates, 28 States would have to spend  at least  [[Page S2652]]  $200 million on improvements like sidewalks, bike lanes, crosswalks,  and others. This is a major step forward to facing up to the problem  and taking action to address it.   The second issue in the Bipartisan Infrastructure Practice I want to  talk about is a major expansion of the Transportation Alternatives  Program. I am particularly proud about this program. I authored this  program originally with Senator Cochran but later with Senator Wicker.  The two of us have worked together to connect communities together  through pedestrian and bicycle paths so that pedestrians don't have to  be on highways in order to get around their community.   Transportation Alternatives is such a critical program because it  supports priorities local communities identify for projects to make  roads safer and more accessible. This is one of the few programs where  our local governments make the determinations.   Transportation Alternatives have funded projects that have improved  the quality of life in all kinds of communities across the country in  every congressional district, and in big cities and in rural areas. The  infrastructure law increases funding for the Transportation  Alternatives to 10 percent of the Surface Transportation Block Grant  Program, which amounts to $7.2 billion over 5 years. The infrastructure  law also specifies that projects under the Safe Routes to School  Program are an eligible use for funds under the Transportation  Alternatives Program.   Safe Routes Partnership is an organization that has worked with us on  the Transportation Alternatives Program. It has helped governments  implement Safe Routes to School initiatives to make it safer, more  convenient, and fun for children to walk and bicycle to school.   In Montgomery County, Maryland, crashes involving people walking or  biking near schools decreased by 25 to 42 percent after Safe Routes to  School efforts provided engineering improvements, like better  crosswalks and signs. And by providing the opportunity to walk and bike  to school, we can improve safety and promote health and physical  activity. Through initiatives like Safe Routes to School, the  Transportation Alternatives Program is poised to make a major  contribution to delivering on local demands to become more walkable,  more bike friendly, and safer for all road users.    Now, the third program I wanted to highlight from the infrastructure  law is Reconnecting Communities, which will deliver $1 billion to  address an outstanding equity challenge related to our transportation  infrastructure. We held a hearing about the need for this program last  year in the Transportation and Infrastructure Subcommittee.   The building of our national highway system from the 1950s was, in  many ways, a great national achievement, a major public investment in  our infrastructure that transformed our country and that we continue to  rely on today; but for far too many communities, especially communities  of color, ethnic communities, and urban centers, the construction of  our highways had traumatic and destructive impacts. Rather than  connecting their communities and expanding their opportunities, highway  construction brought demolition, displacement, isolation, and  exclusion. I consider it a major achievement that we finally will have  a Federal program focused on addressing this harmful legacy.   My own city of Baltimore struggles with these lasting impacts today  that include unsafe and unhealthy conditions for families trying to  navigate their city. I specifically refer to the Franklin-Mulberry  corridor in downtown Baltimore, where you have a highway that was  constructed and never completed that divided existing communities. And  that division still exists today, making it more difficult for people  to live in that community.   The Reconnecting Communities Program in the bipartisan infrastructure  bill will establish a program to improve safety as it also addresses  longstanding inequity in our infrastructure, and it is a program that  is about building the right kind of infrastructure, not just removing  barriers. After we remove the old infrastructure that no longer serves  our needs, we need to replace it with the kinds of infrastructure we  need more of, such as better sidewalks, neighborhood street grids,  signs and crosswalks, and parks that the neighborhood can appreciate  and grow.   So we see how the infrastructure law provides new opportunities and  multiple programs that can complement and reinforce each other to build  better infrastructure and safer infrastructure. I have just highlighted  three ways in which the bipartisan infrastructure law can do this,  delivering better and safer roads for Americans and bringing down the  unacceptably high numbers of traffic fatalities and injuries: the new  Highway Safety Improvement Program, Transportation Alternatives, and  Reconnecting Communities. This list is not exhaustive. The  infrastructure law does even more.   Just last week, Department of Transportation officials announced the  availability of $5 billion over 5 years for a new program focused on  safety established by the infrastructure law. The law also provides a  mandate to update the Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices to give  local governments more flexibility to implement safety measures.   I could go on and on. The bottom line is that we have a lot of work  to do, and setting this new policy is just the beginning. We need  leaders at all levels of government to take on this challenge.   I talked about Transportation Alternatives, which will now receive a  full 10 percent of the surface transportation block grant funds, but 10  percent is just that, 10 percent. We cannot have 10 percent of our  funds working for safer roads and 90 percent of our funds working to  make them less safe. We need safety prioritized and integrated in all  of our infrastructure investments.   I talked about Reconnecting Communities, a new $1 billion program to  remove barriers that have harmed and isolated neighborhoods from  opportunity, but we cannot have $1 billion working to remove these  barriers and billions and billions more dollars spent erecting new  barriers. We need to build the right kind of infrastructure that we  need for our future, not continue on the same path we have been on in  the past--the path that has led to 43,000 deaths in 2021 alone.   To accept the status quo would be the most dangerous and radical  course of action. Again, I applaud the Department of Transportation for  announcing a new national roadway safety strategy in January that  thinks through safety across all of the Department's programs and  authorities.   We need this leadership from the Federal level, and the Biden  administration is providing it. As we implement the infrastructure law  and begin to make generational investments to improve our Nation's  infrastructure, we will need all levels of government working together.  The challenge of our dangerous roads requires all of us to pay  attention, but the benefits of investing to make our transportation  network safer cannot be understated. If we use the infrastructure law  to its greatest potential with respect to safety, we will have a  stronger, more productive economy and a healthier, more just America.    With that, I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum. 