 Madam President, this bill before us is an act of  legislative barbarism. This is an act of extortion being leveraged on  the U.S. Senate right before Christmas.   Make no mistake why this happens. This bill, in all 4,155 pages of  its glory or infamy, was negotiated in secret by four or five Members  of Congress, excluding all others, which means that nearly 330 million  Americans were disenfranchised in the production of this legislative  behemoth. They wrote it utterly in secret, with the design of creating  an artificial emergency, threatening a shutdown right before Christmas.   In fact, they set up government funding to expire the day before  Christmas Eve, realizing that that is when Members are at our point of  vulnerability. Members of both Houses and both political parties want  to get home, understandably, to spend the holidays with their families.   It is also the moment when they realize that our constituents are  most vulnerable, most fearful of something like a government shutdown.  That is when the most pressure will be brought to bear on Members of  the House and Senate, Democrats and Republicans, if, Heaven forbid,  there were a shutdown.   So at this time of manufactured crisis, it is said that that is the  right moment to unveil this bill that they have drafted in secret.   The part that is stunning is that enough Members of the U.S. Senate-- a body that prides itself on being this world's greatest deliberative  body--would choose to support this bill, never having read it. That  really is stunning.    As an entity that strives to be the world's greatest deliberative  body, we sure don't act like it sometimes. But we should. Our rules,  our traditions, our customs, and our obligation to our constituents  demand nothing less.   We and those we represent deserve proper, full consideration and the  chance to read, debate, and amend this legislation and not get  circumvented through some backroom deal. So opposing this legislation  isn't radical. Running our government this way is, and it is  indefensible.   It used to be, Madam President, that amendments and debate and  discussion were a common practice of the legislative process. It is  what the legislative process is all about, in fact. Now, these days, we  have to beg, plead, and barter, feeling lucky for any legislative  scraps thrown to us underneath the table. That is not the legislative  process. It is certainly not a legitimate way to keep our government  funded.   There is no greater priority, nothing more impactful than voting on  legislation to fund the government, especially when you lump all of the  12 categories of appropriations bills into one giant bill, an omnibus  spending package, as we call it. When you have something like that, in  theory, you could have a fair process surrounding that, but you would  need a considerable amount of time for public notice and debate and  discussion and, yes, an opportunity for amendments. A bill like this  could be rendered fair if it were cured through weeks of an open  amendment process, where this was subjected to discussion and review  under the light of day.   Yet here we find ourselves, having received this legislative text. It  is not just us who have been excluded. It is not just we who have been  excluded. It is the American people, it is the media who have been  excluded from this process until less than 24 hours ago. And, all of a  sudden, they drop 4,155 pages of legislative text, and they expect us  to be ready to go within a few hours, to vote on it--and to vote on it  under particularly extortive conditions.   They tell you: OK, we have got this bill now. This bill is ready for  you. It is up to you. You have earned your election certificates. You  are free to vote yes, or you are free to vote no. But, by the way, if  you vote no, you will be causing a government shutdown, and we will  make sure that you are blamed for a government shutdown. And, by the  way, we will also threaten to take away not only your Christmas but the  Christmases of millions of Americans in the process.   That is not fair. That is not free. That is not operating our  government as the constitutional Republic that it was intended to be.  It is not even a representative government at that point. That becomes  a legislative oligarchy in which a small handful of people--we might  call it the law firm of Schumer, McConnell, Pelosi, and McCarthy--puts  together a bill entirely in secret and then uses extortion to extract  votes out of it.   Tragically, a number of Members seemed to express gratitude for their  ability to vote on the finished product: Oh, thank you to our  legislative overlords. Oh, thank you. Thanks for making this possible.  Thanks for making it happen.   It poses some real problems. We find ourselves in a precarious  economic position as a country. We have accumulated over $31 trillion  in debt. We have seen Federal spending explode astronomically just over  the last few years. Prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, we were spending no  more than about $4 trillion a year. That was still a lot of money then;  it is still a lot of money now.   But if we were just spending now what we were spending then, our  budget would be almost balanced. Last year we brought in over $4  trillion in revenue, and it hasn't been more than just a few years ago  that we were spending only $4 trillion a year.   But what happened during and since the COVID-19 pandemic, commencing  in 2020, changed everything. We went from spending about $4 trillion a  year to 6.5, then 6.8 trillion a year. It still hasn't gone back down  completely. We are on track to spend about $6 trillion this year.   That is one of the problems when we fund with numbers this big. The  numbers million, billion, and trillion start to run together, and I  have made that mistake enough times.   I want to be very clear. So you go from spending $4 trillion a year  to $6.8 trillion a year, $6.5 trillion a year--still spending $6  trillion a year. We are still borrowing, even this year, about $2  trillion. That is such a staggering sum of money. The way our system  works, doing more than just printing it--you have to go through  additional steps of selling U.S. Treasury bonds, but it functions in a  way that makes it feel almost indistinguishable from just printing  money.   It certainly has the same effect on the economy as if you were just  printing money because, by definition, inflation is the condition in  which you have got too many dollars chasing too few goods. When you  just increase the  [[Page S9604]]  money supply, you make it less affordable for people to do the things  that they need to do. Everything gets more expensive. This is being  felt everywhere.   In Utah, the average family is having to spend an additional $1,000 a  month every single month on their basic monthly expenses, not luxury  items. I am just talking about the basics: housing, food, fuel,  healthcare--$1,000 a month more. The same basket of goods and services  that they were purchasing just a few years ago--in fact, just before  the day Joe Biden took office--those things were $1,000 a month cheaper  than they are now.   This is the predictable, foreseeable, and, in fact, foreseen result  of the government spending trillions of dollars a year more than it  has. It is creating huge problems, serious problems.   Yet no one has been able to answer the question: Why are we still  spending $2 trillion a year more than we are bringing in?   Now that we are looking at the pandemic of COVID-19 as something that  is behind us--it doesn't mean the virus has gone away, but we are no  longer in a pandemic lockdown situation--there is no reason why we  should be incurring ongoing annual deficits of that magnitude. And it  is not sustainable, and this is not a victim-free event. This has  victims everywhere.   Look, rich people can figure out a way to get through inflationary  periods just fine. They can absorb it. It means less to them. They have  got savings they can rely on, assets they can liquidate. They will be  just fine. In fact, most sophisticated rich people can find a way to  get richer during periods of massive inflation because of the inflation  itself.   It is really sad. The rich get richer, and the poor get poorer, and  it is the government's fault. And it is our fault because we spend too  much money. We are the ones causing it.   Bills like this pass. Members of Congress in both Houses and both  political parties go out and brag about it. They, predictably, get a  lot of praise by the media. They pretty much uniformly love it when we  pass big spending bills and hate it when Members vote against it  because they are not drinking the Kool-Aid.    So you get short-term praise by the media when you do this. You get  criticism when you vote against it. That is why most of our Members end  up voting for it, because they want praise. It is understandable to  want praise, but at what cost?   When the rich get richer and the poor get poorer as a result of our  terrible spending decisions, especially decisions for which a lot of  our Members try to escape accountability by saying: Sorry, I didn't  want provisions A, B, C, D, and E; I wanted only provisions F and G,  and I couldn't get those in unless I voted for the whole package--that  is how we get to be $31 trillion in debt. That is how we get this  Federal Government that spends like a drunken sailor in a way that puts  drunken sailors to shame everywhere. That is how we get there, because  you roll it all into one. This is the Prego spaghetti sauce of spending  legislation. You name it; it is in there. It is all in there--4,155  pages long. That is pretty long.   Now, look, when I speak on the Senate floor, I am told that I average  about 120 words per minute. I have been told at times that is a little  too fast, that I should speak more slowly, but it is the rate at which  I tend to speak. Even at this rate, if I were to read this bill, read  it out loud on the Senate floor at my usual rate of about 120 words a  minute, it would take me 5 straight days. And by 5 straight days, I  mean the whole 24-hour period--no bathroom breaks, no sleeping, no  lunch breaks, no anything else. Reading 24 hours a day, back to back,  at 120 words per minute would take me 5 straight days. That sort of  puts it in perspective.   Yet we have gotten this this morning. And, literally, by lunch we  were receiving pressure to schedule a final vote on it. So you leave us  hanging for months. The fiscal year ended on September 30. We have been  operating with a continuing resolution since September 30, and all of a  sudden, we get to December 20 and we are told: Oh, you have got to do  this right now; we can't operate another day on a continuing  resolution--because continuing resolutions are bad now. They are so  bad, in fact, you are going to have to vote for this bill or else shut  down the government. We can't do this for another day.   That is weird. But it is not just weird; it is devious. It is a  corrupt process, and we all know it. The more we countenance this  process by supporting bills like this and pretending it is OK when we  know it is not, we impoverish the American people, and we do them a  grave disservice. Shame on us for doing that.   Look, whether you are a Democrat or a Republican, a liberal or a  conservative, you can see that people are getting hurt. You can see  that people are poorer because of the Federal Government spending money  that it doesn't have.   There are a small handful of people who will get rich off this bill.  Everybody else will get poorer by degrees. It is harder to tie those  who have gotten poorer and the fact that they are getting poorer--it is  hard to tie any one of them--to any individual bill because it happens  so subtly and so gradually. That is what makes this so evil by design.  But it is intentional, and it is wrong.   The bill is being advertised as a $1.7 trillion bill, something that  is going to cost a total of $1.7 trillion. But as budget analysis from  a number of entities has shown, it is more than that. The Heritage  Foundation has conducted some analysis of this bill, and it has  demonstrated that this bill will actually cost taxpayers at least $1.85  trillion in 2023, thanks to these base appropriations, along with the  emergency and disaster spending and the statutory pay-go waiver built  into the bill.   Now, the authors of the bill recognize that if the bill were  considered according to its own merits, it could not--would not--pass.  And there are a whole lot of features in this that fit that  description, that couldn't pass on their own. That is why they lump  them all together. It takes priorities important to this Member and to  that Member, you lump them all into one bill, and then you tell  Members: You are not going to be able to vote for any of these things  in isolation; so you had better vote for this one or else you will get  nothing, and, by the way, you will be shutting down the government at  the same time.   There have been a number of people who have helped go through the  analysis line by line. My staff has done an enormous amount of  analysis, and we have combed through this and tried to figure out what  some of the highlights and the lowlights are.   My friend Scott Parkinson identified a series of the lowlights in one  Twitter thread. He identified a few that I may point out here.   In one of them, which is good news for the outgoing Speaker of the  House, Nancy Pelosi, she is going to have a Federal building named  after her on Seventh Street in San Francisco. It will be called the  ``Speaker Nancy Pelosi Federal Building.'' Congratulations to her. It  is great. It is great. Fantastic.    The Senate Appropriations Committee chairman, my friend and  colleague, the distinguished Senator from Vermont, Pat Leahy, has some  earmarks, including a measure renaming the Lake Champlain Basin Program  as the Patrick Leahy Lake Champlain Basin Program. That one came at a  cost. We had to stuff $35 million each year for the next 5 years in  order to get that. That is a pretty expensive name tag. I mean, gosh,  you can buy the naming rights to a major sports arena for a lot less  than that. He got that one in.   But I have got to be bipartisan here. I am not going to make this a  strictly partisan speech. We have other things in there. Apparently,  there are some buildings in the State of Alabama that have yet to be  named after our colleague Richard Shelby. I love Richard Shelby, a  great man--Richard Shelby, distinguished career. I guess there are some  things in Alabama that still haven't been named after him. So he has  gotten the facilities that the FBI has at the Redstone Arsenal. Those  facilities have been named the Richard Shelby Center for Innovation and  Advanced Training. That is great. Congratulations there.   If you are a fan of Presidential museums, this bill has some  provisions you might like. This bill adds $6 million to  [[Page S9605]]  the Ulysses S. Grant Museum. He has a museum already. I guess that  museum needs some more bling in it. I don't know whether they are going  to be gilding the walls of it, but they will have $6 million to make it  really nice.   Some of this stuff is really, obviously, in the category of brazen  partisanship. We have $1.7 billion that is being spent on  transportation projects, specifically designed to help fight climate  change. That is a lot of money--$1.7 billion--going to fight climate  change. It is not just transportation projects of the sort that are  already needed. They are transportation projects specifically designed  to fight climate change.   Something tells me that wouldn't have the votes to pass the Senate,  if it had to stand on its own. In fact, I am absolutely certain it  wouldn't. But never mind, that is what the omnibus is for--another  Christmas miracle. Throw it in there.   Some of the more egregiously woke earmarks in the bill include $1  million going to something called Zora's House in Ohio, which is known  as a coworking and community space for gender-expansive people of  color; $750,000 for the TransLatin Coalition; $956,000 for the Equity  Incubator at the Universities at Shady Grove in Maryland; $791,000 for  equitable energy resilience and electric vehicle infrastructure in  Sonoma, CA.   I am not sure what ``equitable energy resilience'' means, but I know  it is woke, and a lot of people have to be really happy with that.   And $477,000 will be going to the Equity Institute in Rhode Island. I  don't know what they do there, but it sure sounds like fun if you are  into equity programs.   The Federal taxpayer, of course, will be picking up the cost of a  $2.4 million tab for the New England Aquarium Corporation in Boston.  They say it is for modernization and educational programming at the  aquarium. I love aquariums. It sounds like fun. I love going to  aquariums. They are neat. They are great. It is not radical to suggest  that the taxpayers in the city of Boston or of the Commonwealth of  Massachusetts--hardly poverty-stricken areas of our country--shouldn't  be funding that project that is specific to their community. No one has  made the case as to why that aquarium has to be built, why this has to  be a Federal taxpayer project--but no matter, another Christmas  miracle. Just throw it in the omni.   It would also advance the left's attack on the traditional family by  funding gender programs in Pakistan and family planning and  reproductive health ``in areas where population growth threatens  biodiversity or endangered species.'' What the heck does that mean?   I think I know what that means. It is basically insisting that human  beings should exist with less prevalence in some parts of the world,  and we want to make sure that that doesn't happen because they might be  bad for the environment in those areas. That is what that means.   Why in Heaven's name we should be taking money from a poor farmer in  Iowa or from a poor single mother of three in Orem, UT, and sending  that to Pakistan to tell people they have to have fewer kids because  biodiversity and climate change demand it--I am sorry, that is too far.  We do some crazy stuff up here, and sometimes we have to look the other  way or we try to look the other way--sort of like you do when you drive  past a really awful accident--but on this one, I can't look past that  one. That is crazy.   I am not sure I can find more than 20 or 30 Members of this body who  would feel comfortable openly, publicly advocating for this--not when  you are taking money from a poor farmer in Iowa or a poor single mom in  Orem, UT, to send it for that purpose. No matter, it is another  Christmas miracle put in the omnibus.   The omnibus includes a total of about 3,200 earmarks. What do I mean  by earmarks? Well, earmarks are special interest giveaways. They are  targeted spending Congress directs for a particular purpose. Earmarks  have been severely abused. And one of the many ways in which they have  been abused is through this process of lumping them all in. I have  heard them referred to in the past as sweeteners. When Members don't  want to vote for a particular bill, you add earmarks to it,  strategically allocating them one State at a time so that you can buy  off votes. I don't mean buy them off in a legally corrupt way. This is  a corrupt process, but it is not corrupt in a way that is legally,  judicially cognizable. This is a way in which you accumulate votes by  promising sweetheart deals for which Members of Congress will receive  praise. The rest of those people won't know or care about the fact that  we are sending money to Pakistan to tell people they have to have fewer  kids because climate change requires it. They are just glad that they  got their handout, their carve-out. That is what creates the corrupt  process.   People who defend earmarks are fond of saying: Well, they represent a  relatively small portion of total Federal spending. And that is true.  The same could be said of the engine car on a train. It is a very small  percentage of the length of the train. Yes, but it is what is driving  the train.   People who advocate for this bill--I have heard them make this  argument many times, including today--they will likewise say: I don't  know why you are worrying about this bill because, after all, this bill  deals with discretionary outlays, discretionary spending and not  mandatory spending, money that Congress gets to decide 1 year after the  next as to where it goes; as opposed to mandatory spending, things like  Social Security, which are already required to be spent under existing  ongoing law.   A lot of people will say that you should vote for this bill because,  yes, we have a $31 trillion debt, and, yes, we have an annual deficit  that is still clocking in at around $2 trillion a year. But no worry-- don't worry about that because the real boogieman is the mandatory  spending because that is bigger.   Well, it is true that it is bigger, but the fact that something is  smaller than something else doesn't mean that you don't have to worry  that. The fact that earmarks are a relatively small percentage of total  Federal spending doesn't mean that earmarks don't have a really nasty  effect in corrupting our political processes. It doesn't mean that they  don't produce bad results. And the fact that discretionary spending is  a smaller percentage of total Federal spending than mandatory spending  doesn't mean we shouldn't worry about it. It is, after all, the part  over which we have discretion. So why we wouldn't worry about it is  beyond my ability to comprehend. We have, moreover, dramatically  increased the amount and the percentage of mandatory spending in  Federal outlays just in the last few years. It is part of what has  exploded, as we went fairly quickly from $4 trillion in total Federal  outlays as of 2019 to almost $7 trillion at the high watermark of the  pandemic-era spending.   It is not an answer here to say there is more that we are spending  elsewhere. We are still spending this money. This money is still under  our control, and we have some responsibility to review it. And that  review is rendered more or less impossible to achieve when you pass a  bill this way.   This is wrong. It is a corrupt process that uses extortion and fear  in order to coerce Members into voting for a bill that they know in  their hearts is wrong. They know that this is fraught with all sorts of  problems.   There is a part of me that has a much easier time understanding my  Democratic colleagues on this one. I am a Republican. I am a  conservative Republican at that. And yet I kind of have an easier time  grasping and accepting Democrats' support for this. This is much more  consistent with Democratic priorities. This is, after all, a Democratic  template funding a lot of Democratic policies. They are being  consistent with their policy. I have a harder time accepting it as a  Republican, a harder time accepting that we are going to have an  estimated 20 or so Republicans who are already expressing support for  this bill.   Less than 18 hours after this bill first saw the light of day, they  already have about 20 Republicans expressing support for it. It baffles  me. It baffles me because Democrats openly embrace the idea that they  are progressive, that they want more government, that they feel more  comfortable with more government than Republicans do. So they are  acting in a manner in conformity with their policies, platform, and  their history, their traditions, their customs, their priorities--much  less so  [[Page S9606]]  with Republicans. In fact, this is directly contrary to what  Republicans campaign on.   So what will we do when we have 10 to 20 Republicans who immediately  support this, a bill that is predictably going to be supported by all  50 Democrats? They are united on this, and hats off to them for keeping  their caucus united on this. They are all united. Fifty Democrats are  all in lockstep with this. They can't get it passed unless they get to  60, and so they need at least 10 Republicans. We supply those. There  are 10 to 20 Republicans who are going to vote for this, uniting the  Democrats around Democratic priorities and Democratic policies and  Democratic spending levels. So yes, I have a much easier time accepting  and respecting those on the Democratic side who do this. They are at  least on brand. We are not, and this is one of the reasons, I think,  why Republicans lose more than many of us would prefer when we dilute  the brand. We dilute the message. We dilute the proclaimed policy  preferences for a more responsible process by which we allocate Federal  funds. Then we do this? This is tough.    Now, some of my Republican colleagues will respond to this by saying:  No, no. This is a win, I promise. They will cite a few things. They  will say: Well, this is a big win because, among other things, it  contains cuts to IRS funding.   I am sorry, that is really hard for me to accept. Whatever cuts,  whatever restraint was shown with regard to IRS funding here is  absolutely dwarfed by the fact the IRS just got $80 billion of  supplemental funding in August. So forgive me, but I find that  difficult--no--impossible to accept as a legitimate explanation as to  why this is a win for Republicans.   To make matters worse, perhaps the most offensive part of this is the  Senate Republicans voting for this bill are choosing to forfeit the  power that they have, that we have--the power of the purse. It could be  used, if wielded more assertively and cautiously, to end the crisis at  our border. And it is a crisis.   In fact, this bill, while providing funding for government Agencies,  including the Department of Homeland Security in charge of enforcing  the border but utterly and defiantly, willfully refusing to do its  job--this bill expressly prohibits Customs and Border Patrol funding  from being used to improve border security. Let that sink in for a  minute. Not only are we losing the opportunity--forfeiting it by  passing this--to put in aggressive measures requiring border  enforcement as a condition and precedent for the receipt of certain  Federal funds, we are actually providing their funding and allowing  language to be included in there that prohibits them from bolstering  border security at a time when we are being besieged by illegal border  crossings. This is lawlessness.   So, no, I really struggle with calling this a win. Republicans,  especially given the fact we just had an election and in that election,  we went from having a Congress consisting of a Democratic House and a  Democratic Senate--and we, of course, have a Democratic White House-- now we are still going to have a Democratic Senate, but we are going to  have a Republican-controlled House in just a matter of a couple of  weeks.   For this reason, I came to the floor last week and twice tried to  pass continuing resolutions that would keep us funded on a short-term  basis into next year. Had we done that, Congress still may have chosen  to enact this spending legislation, which we hadn't seen until about 19  hours ago. It still could have done that, but it wouldn't have been  under the extortive threat of a shutdown at Christmastime. Tragically,  the Senate declined to adopt that, declined to adopt either of those  resolutions and, instead, opted for this position. Why? Because had  they adopted either of those continuing resolutions, it would have  become impossible to use the extortive threat of a Christmastime  shutdown in order to secure votes for this.   So, of course, the proponents of this legislation didn't want that  rain on their party to make it harder for them. The American people  suffer as a result.   But what you have, Republicans who vote for this bill, they are going  to be facilitating Democratic priorities and, by so doing, undercutting  the Republican House of Representatives that is about to be sworn in.  House minority leader Kevin McCarthy is opposed to this. He has stated  publicly and privately he thinks this is a mistake. It is a mistake for  Republicans. And it is.   Since 1954, we have seen that the House of Representatives has had a  shift in the party in control only five times, each during midterm  elections--just five times since 1954. It doesn't happen that often. In  all five of those instances since 1954 when it flipped, Congress did  not enact a comprehensive omnibus spending package during the lameduck  session following the election.   There are a number of reasons for this, including the fact that  Members of Congress, I think in both Houses and both political parties,  understand elections are supposed to have consequences. It is really  inappropriate, I think, at least for Republicans--again, I suppose I  have to have a form of respect for my Democratic colleagues in wanting  to enact their policies. But I struggle with understanding why  Republicans would want to help them in doing that, rendering the  incoming Congress less capable of enacting Republican priorities,  especially when you consider a couple of things:   No. 1, this spending bill, assuming it passes, which appears  certain--just about certain that it will, this will keep the Federal  Government funded through the balance of fiscal year 2023, up until  midnight on September 30, 2023. That, by itself, is a big chunk, a very  large chunk of the entire time that the 118th Congress will even exist.  It is a big piece of that. That part of it will be having a government  that doesn't operate under a spending bill with a significant  Republican imprint.   But it is not just that. In light of the fact that we are going to  have a divided Congress--we are going to have a Democratic Senate and a  Republican House, with a Democratic White House--it may be difficult,  of course, to pass another omnibus or, perhaps, a series of spending  bills. It could end up resulting in more continuing resolutions. Guess  what continuing resolutions do? They keep spending levels where they  have been. That is where we get to the point where, over time, this has  spillover ramifications. The high cost of this bill will far outlast  this Congress. It will far outlast the balance of fiscal year 2023. It  will last for years.    The Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget recently estimated  that over the next decade, this could end up increasing Federal  outlays. Just this omnibus spending bill, as compared to a continuing  resolution, would likely cost a total of an additional $2 trillion over  the next decade just because of the baselines being shifted. Why  Republicans want to do that is beyond my ability to understand. I  implore them to reconsider.   There is a good reason why outgoing Congresses in the past have not  enacted omnibus spending packages postelection, during a lameduck  session, when control of the House has just shifted.   Meanwhile, our border crisis continues to boil over. It is getting  worse and worse and worse every day, and it is subjecting far too many  people to the harms associated with human trafficking. A very large  percentage--by some studies, 30 percent or so; by some studies, it is  more like 65 percent--of the girls and women who come across with these  drug traffickers who operate as human smugglers bringing them into the  United States, making these drug cartels billions of dollars a month-- somewhere between 30 percent and 65 percent of the women and girls  brought through that process are raped or sexually assaulted in the  process.   This has also resulted in fentanyl pouring into the United States,  enough fentanyl to kill millions of Americans. We are doing nothing  about that in this bill.   As I said a moment ago, what we are doing in this bill is making it  more difficult to fund border enforcement. It prohibits the funds going  to Customs and Border enforcement from being used for border  enforcement to increase border security.   Meanwhile, as our border crisis continues to boil over and we do  nothing about it and we plant the seeds for making sure that we can do  nothing about it through this legislation--we do nothing about that. We  do nothing about that, but we do something else  [[Page S9607]]  that is really, really curious. It provides Jordan, Lebanon, Egypt,  Tunisia, and Oman $410 million to secure their borders. That is great.  That is just fantastic if you live in one of those countries. This bill  is all about Middle Eastern and North African border security; it is  not about American border security.   This bill is not America first; it is America last. What we are doing  here is putting America last. What we are doing here is putting our  constituents last. What we are doing here is putting a small handful of  elites first. This bill is the product of Wall Street and K Street, not  Main Street.   We have to get back to a process that respects the rights of  individual Members. And I call on all within the sound of my voice,  Democrat or Republican, House or Senate, all Members of Congress within  the sound of my voice, whether you plan on voting for this bill or not:  If you are thinking about voting for it, I implore you, reconsider. If  not us, who? If not now, when? If we don't stop this at some point  sometime, this will continue, and it will continue to weaken America.   We can stop this if--and only if--when--and only when--Members stop  supporting this nonsense. I don't care where you are on the political  spectrum. You know this is wrong. Let's stop it before it is too late.   