 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5577, which would  name a post office after our former House colleague, John Robert Lewis.   Besides being a long-term Member of Congress and serving as chief  deputy whip in the 110th Congress, he is best known for his role as a  leader of the civil rights movement.   Congressman Lewis' legacy is inspiring.   John was the chairman of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating  Committee in the 1960s. He was one of the original Freedom Riders in  1961.   In 1963, John helped organize the March on Washington.   In 1965, John led the first of three marches between Selma and  Montgomery across the Edmund Pettus Bridge.   There are few Americans as distinguished as John R. Lewis, and I am  proud to support this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Georgia (Mr. Carter).    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I am  prepared to close.    Mr. Speaker, I support this bill, and I yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, the Federal procurement and acquisition process is often  cumbersome, complex, and inefficient. Doing business with the Federal  Government is expensive and time-consuming. In fact, many commercial  vendors must hire staff who are responsible for understanding the  Federal acquisition regulatory requirements just so they can do  business with the government.   For small businesses with fewer resources, this is an even greater  challenge. In reality, most small businesses are struggling to survive  in the Biden economy, let alone trying to navigate complex procurement  processes and regulations.   The Department of Homeland Security's Procurement Innovation Lab has  issued reports stressing the need for innovative approaches to making  Federal procurement more effective and efficient. Thankfully, the PRICE  Act will help put those insights into action.   The PRICE Act requires DHS to develop department-wide guidance and  training to improve procurement methods. These procurement best  practices, which encourage reducing the time to award contracts,  achieving cost savings, and better serving agency mission outcomes will  be shared with other Federal agencies via a report.   Also under the PRICE Act, the Office of Management and Budget will  convene a working group within the Chief Acquisition Officers Council  to identify and disseminate government-wide best practices to modernize  Federal contracting. Such best practices will focus on better utilizing  small businesses, increasing procurement efficiency, improving program  outcomes, and achieving a better customer experience at agencies.   The working group will provide its recommendations to Congress, which  will help us identify and pursue smart procurement policy reforms. This  is critical to ensure our Nation's Federal agencies can efficiently  purchase the best products and services to serve the American people.   Mr. Speaker, this is not a Big Government bill. It is a big idea  bill. The PRICE Act does not mandate that the Government employ certain  approaches. Rather, through reporting requirements, it will equip  Federal agencies with innovative acquisition practices. It will develop  best practices to improve procurement methods across the government and  the PRICE Act will help small businesses conduct business within the  government.   This bill does not establish permanent programs or requirements but  simply requires key Federal entities to conduct careful study and  distribute the resulting recommendations government-wide and to  Congress.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan  legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 566, a bill that would name a  Slatersville, Rhode Island, post office after Army Specialist Matthew  R. Turcotte.   Matthew Turcotte was a lifelong resident of Smithfield where he  played high school football just 4 miles down the road from the post  office that will bear his name. While in high school, Turcotte enlisted  in the U.S. Army and served with the 2nd Infantry Brigade Combat Team  of the 4th Infantry Division. He was deployed overseas to Kosovo and  earned the Army Achievement Medal and the Global War on Terrorism  Service Medal, among others.   In 2017, he was tragically killed during a training exercise at Fort  Carson, Colorado. This American hero is dearly missed by his wife,  parents, sisters, and friends. Specialist Turcotte was a dedicated  soldier and patriot.   Mr. Speaker, I support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I support this bill and I yield back the  balance of my time    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2324, which would name a  Tallahassee post office after D. Edwina Stephens.   Edwina Stephens was a community activist, a civil rights icon, and  nurse, working to improve Tallahassee's Southside neighborhoods. She  was affectionately known as the ``Mother of Southside.'' She was also  awarded the ``Florida Finest Award'' by former Governor Lawton Chiles.   Mr. Speaker, I support this bill and yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 735. This bill would  name a post office after Arthur Luis Ibleto.   When Arthur was 17 years old, he deserted Mussolini's fascist army,  joined the Italian resistance, and fought behind enemy lines to help  the Allies defeat the Nazis.   After World War II he came to California and met his wife, Victoria.   A proud immigrant, Arthur cofounded the North Bay Cultural Foundation  and served as State president of the Order Sons and Daughters of Italy  in America. He was also known as the ``Pasta King'' and is an esteemed  member of the Sonoma County food and wine community.   Mr. Speaker, I support this bill and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3539, which would name a post  office in Guam for Atanasio Taitano Perez.   It is fitting that this post office would be named for Perez, who was  appointed as the first postmaster of Guam in 1901. In addition to his  extensive government service, Perez was personally involved in the  movement that petitioned Congress for U.S. citizenship for the people  of Guam.   Mr. Speaker, I support this bill and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2842, which would name a  California post office after former Congresswoman Lynn Woolsey.   Woolsey first entered politics after winning a seat on the Petaluma  City Council in 1984. She served on the city council until 1992, when  she entered the race to succeed then-Representative Barbara Boxer.   During her two decades in the U.S. House, she brought attention to  the struggles of impoverished women and children. She retired from  Congress in 2013 at the end of the 112th Congress.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this bill, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I support this  bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, which would name a post  office in Illinois after Army National Guard Specialist Jeremy Ridlen.   Ridlen was born and raised in Maroa, Illinois. Jeremy and twin  brother, Jason, went on to attend Illinois State University, and both  signed up for the National Guard.   They were assigned to the 1544 Transportation Company, which was  activated in 2003 and deployed to Fallujah, Iraq. Jeremy served as the  postal clerk there.   Sadly, on May 23, 2004, Jeremy was killed in an ambush after a truck  exploded next to his convoy.   Specialist Ridlen was an outstanding patriot, and I encourage my  colleagues to support this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr.  Rodney Davis).    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I support this  bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I reserve myself such time as I may  consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill which honors Corporal  Jeffrey Robert Standfest. Inspired by his grandfather, a Marine in  World War II, this all-American kid joined the military as a combat  engineer. Corporal Standfest was later selected to become one of his  unit's few dog handlers, a testament to his maturity.   Tragically, Corporal Standfest was killed by an IED on June 16, 2010,  while clearing a building in the Helmand province of Afghanistan. His  bomb-sniffing dog, Sergeant Ruppert, was also killed. Corporal  Standfest was only 23 years old.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support this bill  honoring a true American hero. I support this bill, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Michigan  (Mrs. McClain).    Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from Michigan  for coming down here to speak about such a brave American hero.   Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I am prepared to close. I do  support this bill.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4168 which would name a  post office after Petty Officer Charles Jackson French.   Petty Officer French enlisted in the U.S. Navy in 1937. He completed  his first enlistment in 1941 but decided to reenlist after the  horrendous attack on Pearl Harbor.   He served as a mess attendant on the USS Gregory where he saved 15 of  his fellow sailors when their ship was attacked and sunk by Japanese  gunfire. Officer French helped his fellow sailors into a lifeboat, tied  it to himself, and swam for nearly 8 hours in the dark until they were  finally rescued   After retiring from the military, Petty Officer French moved to Omaha  and later California. His heroism is a true testament to the strength  and bravery of our U.S. Navy. I strongly support this bill and  encourage my colleagues to vote in support as well.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I am prepared  to close.   Mr. Speaker, I support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I stand today in support of H.R. 1298, which would name a post office  after Technical Sergeant Marshal Roberts.   Sergeant Roberts was from Oklahoma and enlisted in the Air Force in  May 2014. He was assigned to the 219th Engineering Installation  Squadron of the Oklahoma Air National Guard's 138th Fighter Wing.  Sadly, he was killed in a rocket attack on Camp Taji in Iraq.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly support this bill honoring an American hero,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Oklahoma (Mr. Hern).    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I am prepared  to close.   Mr. Speaker, I support this bill. I yield back the balance of my  time.   