 Madam Speaker, I appreciate the remarks by the gentleman  from Oklahoma because he has been spot-on throughout this whole debate.   I rise to oppose the previous question so that the House can consider  the Prosecutors Need to Prosecute Act.   Madam Speaker, it is no secret that crime is completely out of  control in this country. Annual homicide records have been broken in at  least a dozen major cities. Brazen smash-and-grab robberies in broad  daylight are a daily occurrence. Killings, severe beatings, armed  robberies, carjackings, sexual assaults, arson, and looting have become  a common feature on the evening news.   The gentleman on the other side of the aisle asked why we are doing a  bill like this. Turn on the news and you will see. Crime in America is  at historic levels.   Yet, rogue prosecutors in cities like Los Angeles, San Francisco,  Philadelphia, New York City, and Milwaukee continue to release  predators from custody almost as fast as the police can arrest them.   The use of no-cash bail policies, plea bargains, and a complete  refusal to put dangerous repeat offenders behind bars has demoralized  our police and endangered our communities, and America's most iconic  cities resemble a Third World country.   Take Milwaukee County. Here is a quote from the district attorney in  Milwaukee County. If you want to know why there should be data kept on  this and why the American people should know what is going on as a  result of prosecutors' actions in cities across America, here is a  quote: ``Is there going to be an individual I divert . . . who is going  to go out and kill somebody? You bet.''   That district attorney is still there in Milwaukee County. He is the  person who gave a low-cash bail to the man who committed the Waukesha  Christmas parade killings last year, killing six people, out on low- cash bail, injuring 60.   There is a problem in America, and it needs to be dealt with.  Americans are sick and tired of the lawlessness, and they are demanding  accountability. That is what this is about, accountability.   Madam Speaker, each year, jurisdictions across the United States  benefit from the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant  program, which provides funding to States, Tribes, and local  governments to support a range of justice-related programs.   If we defeat the previous question, we will offer an amendment to the  rule, calling for immediate consideration of the Prosecutors Need to  Prosecute Act, offered by my friend from New York City, which will  apply a reporting requirement to these grants.   It would, among other things, mandate that district attorneys report  to Congress how often they follow through on holding criminals charged  with violent crimes, like murder, rape, arson, crimes involving illegal  guns, and motor vehicle theft, accountable.   They would also be required to disclose how often they prosecute the  initial charges, how often they secure convictions, whether or not  those charged were already on probation or parole, and how many  offenders were released without bail.    Madam Speaker, the American people need to know if the  people they have entrusted to keep their neighborhoods safe are  actually using their tax dollars to finance this crime wave. It is time  to end the policy of underwriting progressive policies that endanger  the lives and livelihoods of decent, hardworking Americans, and that  starts with transparency.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to stand with us for safer  communities and oppose the previous question.   