 Thank you, Leader Schumer.   Madam President, I stand in support of this bill.   This bill is absolutely essential to make sure that the Postal  Service is on sound financial footing.   As Leader Schumer mentioned, Americans all across our country rely on  the Postal Service to deliver critical items to their home--things like  medicines, which go via the Postal Service. They expect that service to  provide it 6 days a week and to do it on time. But, unfortunately, the  Postal Service has been saddled with rules that may make it very, very  difficult.   The legislation before us is an attempt to fix those rules that make  it more difficult for the Postal Service to deliver essential services  and do it in a cost-effective way.   It is something that has been discussed here in Congress for a decade  or more--a decade or more. This is not an issue that just came out of  nowhere. This is something we have been trying to fix for nearly a  decade.   Over the last year and a half, we have been working on bipartisan,  bicameral legislation, bringing people together and saying, Let's just  focus on what is common sense.   Now, let's see, what is common sense? Right now, the Postal Service  has had to prefund retirement healthcare for decades. No other company  in America needs to do that. No other Federal agency in the government  does that. No one does it, but the Postal Service is saddled with this  requirement, which has billed tens of billions of dollars. It is common  sense to treat the Postal Service like every other business and every  other government agency in the Federal Government.   Also, it makes sense to have retirees integrated into Medicare. Like  every single company in America, it will be integrated into Medicare.  And let's be clear: Those postal workers have been paying into Medicare  their whole working career. They are paying into Medicare. They should  have the ability to actually get Medicare.   This will also help the Postal Service be able to function in an  efficient and effective way.   The bipartisan, bicameral work that we did--I worked with my ranking  member, Senator Portman. We have been working with our counterparts in  the House, and both the Democratic chair and the Republican ranking  member came up with an agreement, got wide consensus from folks  throughout Congress. In fact, the bill that I introduced here in the  Senate, which is basically the bill that is before us from the House,  has 28 cosponsors--14 Republicans, 14 Democrats. How many bills do we  have here on the floor that have that much support from both sides?   This is bipartisan. This is common sense. It addresses a critical  issue for the American people, and they want us to come together and  solve it. But instead, we have a procedural blocking technique to slow  this down. And every day we wait, it puts the Postal Service in more  jeopardy. It is time for action now.   As the leader mentioned, since 2000, there have been similar kinds of  mistakes by the transfer of a bill; five times--five times in 20 years.  And every time, it has been settled quickly because people say it is  just a mistake; let's move on with the business of the people. Let's  not play games. I would hope we could do that now.   Five times, it went quickly. In fact, three of those times, the bills  that came over had less bipartisan support than this bill. This bill  had 120 Republicans support it in the House.   It is time to move this forward. Let's stop playing games. Let's help  the Postal Service. Let's help the American people, and let's show that  the U.S. Senate knows how to get a job done.   