 Madam President, I rise today to once again express my  extreme disbelief and disappointment that the U.S. Senate will vote to  confirm Dr. Robert M. Califf to yet again lead the Food and Drug  Administration. My opposition is nothing new. In fact, it was exactly 5  years ago next week that I came to the Senate floor to urge my  colleagues to oppose Dr. Califf's nomination to serve under then- President Obama in this same role.   In the 5 years since Dr. Califf was confirmed, more than 400,000  Americans and 5,000 West Virginians have died from a drug-related  overdose. And 2020 was the deadliest year on record for drug-related  overdoses, when 1,386 West Virginians and nearly 95,000 Americans died  from a drug-related overdose. That number is just increasing, with over  100,000 Americans having died from overdoses between April 2020 and  April 2021. Let's not beat around the bush: Dr. Califf bears a great  deal of responsibility for these deaths.   We have a luxury with this nomination that we are not usually  granted. Because Dr. Califf has already served as the FDA Commissioner,  we have insight into how he will lead the Agency.   During Dr. Califf's previous tenure, drug-related overdoses went up.  Five years later, they are up again--and this time at record numbers.  In fact, despite his pledge to overhaul the FDA's policy, during his  tenure and immediately following it, the FDA approved five new opiates  for market. In that same time, they removed only one.   The wise Dr. Maya Angelou famously said, ``When someone shows you who  they are, believe them.'' Well, Dr. Califf has shown us who he is, and  he has shown a complete lack of interest in actually making the  difficult decisions that we need the leader of the FDA to make. Nothing  that Dr. Califf has said or done has led me to believe he will operate  the FDA any differently than he did during his previous tenure.   As if this is not enough, reports have circulated that Dr. Califf  intends to keep Dr. Janet Woodcock on board as a senior advisor at the  FDA if confirmed. Dr. Woodcock bears more responsibility for the opiate  epidemic in our country than any other person at the FDA because of her  oversight role in the approval of every single one of the opiates that  went on to ravage communities like ours in West Virginia.   She was in charge in 1995 when the FDA approved OxyContin--what we  know now to be the tip of the spear of the opiate epidemic. In 2014,  she ignored the advice of the FDA advisory committee that voted  overwhelmingly, by a vote of 11 to 2, against approving Zohydro. She  decided to approve Zohydro anyway at a time when we needed less  opiates, not more. Zohydro is a questionable, pure hydrocodone drug  with a strong risk of overdose and death. Experts estimated that just  two pure pills can kill an individual.   The pharmaceutical industry has greatly benefited from the status quo  that people like Dr. Califf and Dr. Woodcock have established at the  FDA. In fact, Dr. Califf himself joined the board of directors for a  pharmaceutical company immediately following his tenure at the FDA. He  prospered financially in that position as thousands more died of  overdoses.   Due to the continued negligence of the FDA, more than 400,000  Americans have died since Dr. Califf first served. Among those  Americans was Lauren Cole from Morgantown. Her father Michael Cole  graciously allowed me to share Lauren's story with all of you.   Lauren was the definition of the girl next door: a person who is  approachable, dependable, and who everyone saw as their best friend.  She was also a fierce competitor with a strong will to be the best.   The little girl who became a competitive athlete was swimming at 2,  she was tumbling at 3, and she was skiing at age 4. In college, she  represented West Virginia University at the National Cheerleaders  Association collegiate cheer nationals 2 years in a row. Everything  Lauren did looked effortless. After completing her bachelor's degree in  social work, she worked with foster care and recovering addicts while  pursuing her master's degree in social work. She had a true helper's  heart.   This life story sounds like a girl who had it all, a girl who was  happy and content. She was beautiful, smart, funny, athletic, well  liked by her friends, and loved deeply by her family. She appeared to  not have a care in the world, but Lauren had been facing an epic battle  since she was 16. One evening, she experimented with prescription  opiates with her boyfriend and a few friends. She did not plan to be an  addict. Lauren said once that she thought it was recreational like  marijuana.   She was embarrassed and fought this disease alone for 2 years while  maintaining good grades, excelling in sports, and taking college  courses while in high school. She kept this secret from her family, her  teachers, her coaches, and her friends.   Toward the end of her first semester of college, she had to swallow  her pride and ask her parents for help. They immediately sent her to a  prestigious rehab facility and committed to helping her recover. They  were willing to try every option available to them.   Lauren was in it for the long haul. She had a lot to live for. She  was constantly making good choices about what she wanted her life to  be. After all, she was working on her master's degree in social work  and knew that she could make a difference in the world.   On July 5, 2020, after a 10-year battle with substance use disorder,  Lauren learned that her gym workout partner had tested positive for  COVID-19. This meant that Lauren had to self-quarantine until she could  be tested. She could not work. She could not go to the gym. She could  not volunteer. She could not even visit her family and friends.   She contacted her dad and asked him to find a COVID test as soon as  possible. Unfortunately, there were none to be found until that  Thursday, July 9. Her dad Michael texted and called Lauren all morning  and midafternoon that day but could not reach her. He left work to go  to her apartment to tell her that he had located COVID tests.   When he pulled into the parking lot, he saw her slumped over in her  car. He immediately called 9-1-1. He rushed over and pulled her out of  the car. He tried to resuscitate her, but it was too late. Lauren had a  slipup that took away her chance to live up to her full potential. It  was a sunny afternoon on July 9, 2020, when she died of fentanyl  poisoning at the age of 26--fentanyl, which is another approved opiate  under the FDA. She was alone in her car, hiding from the stigma of  addiction. Her ability to recover was stolen from her.   Approximately 3 weeks before Lauren relapsed, she came home to talk  to her dad. She said: Dad, there are so many people suffering from  addiction who need and want help, but they just don't have the  resources or a family like mine to get it. Do you think that, when you  retire, we can do something to help them?   Her parents took that wish to heart and have created Lauren's Wish,  an organization working to establish a long-term women's residential  substance use disorder treatment facility in West  [[Page S658]]  Virginia. Lauren may no longer be with us, but her story will continue  to inspire action and change in West Virginia and across our Nation.   Dr. Califf's nomination is an insult to Lauren's memory and to the  millions of families who have lost a loved one at the hands of this  epidemic. I cannot for the life of me understand why this  administration is so committed to asking each of us in the Senate to  reconfirm a person who had the opportunity to make a difference but  showed us who he really was. Do not expect a different outcome if he is  given another opportunity to lead the FDA. That won't happen.   I will vote no on Dr. Califf's nomination, and I have never been more  profoundly confident of a vote I am going to cast than I am right now.  I strongly urge my colleagues to examine the devastation the opiate  epidemic has wreaked in your home State and on your loved ones and  those whom you know and those of your constituents and the lives lost  and all the families who are left heartbroken and join me in voting  against Dr. Califf's confirmation to serve as the Commissioner of the  FDA and send a message to this administration, to our President, that  we need a new direction at the FDA. We need people who want to protect  us, not people who allow drugs to destroy us.   I yield the floor.   