 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Oklahoma  (Mr. Lucas), my friend and colleague, for yielding time.   Research and development grants from the Department of Energy play a  vital role in catalyzing the development of new energy technology in  the United States. The awarding of those grants is governed by the  Energy Policy Act of 2005.   Among other things, the act requires the DOE to impose a cost-sharing  requirement on non-Federal applicants for those grants. This is very  appropriate because it gives the grant applicants some skin in the  game, some financial participation of their own.   These cost-sharing requirements can be as low as 20 percent with  respect to research and development grants and as high as 50 percent  for grants like commercialization or demonstration projects.   As the gentleman from Oklahoma said, the DOE is empowered to, in  appropriate circumstances, waive those cost-sharing requirements.   Several months ago, the SST Investigations and Oversight Subcommittee  had a hearing in which we examined some of the circumstances under  which that discretion to waive or reduce cost-sharing had been applied  by the DOE.   Now, to be clear, we actually concluded that the DOE had  appropriately used its authority in these circumstances. However, we  were very surprised by the lack of transparency in this process and how  difficult it was to obtain the information about how often the DOE was  using this authority and under what circumstances.    This bill is a very simple answer to that difficulty and a solution  to this problem. H.R. 6933, the Cost-Share Accountability Act of 2022,  will impose a reporting requirement on the DOE in which it will be  required quarterly to make reports to both the relevant committees of  jurisdiction in the House and the Senate on the number of occasions and  the circumstances in which it wielded this authority to reduce or  eliminate cost-shares in grants that it awards.   This will allow us here in Congress to better fulfill our oversight  responsibilities toward the Department of Energy.   Also, and equally importantly, it will provide transparency to the  applicants for these grants under what circumstances it is appropriate  for the DOE to waive these cost-sharing requirements.   This is a basic good-governance bill, and I urge my colleagues to  support it. I thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. Foster), my friend  and colleague, for being my bipartisan co-lead on this legislation.   