 Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 1808, the  Assault Weapons Ban of 2022.   Here they go again.   Once again, my colleagues across the aisle have rushed to exploit  your fear and the pain of victims to rush out a gun control measure  that will do nothing to save lives or address the root causes of  violence.   I say, ``exploit your fear,'' and I point to the Speaker of the House  just stood in this well with a poster that had a toy gun on it and  wants you to feel scared about that. Well, I have a 6-year-old son, and  he has toy guns. He knows about muzzle discipline. He knows you don't  put your finger on the trigger. He knows you don't point it at people.  I am able to teach my son gun safety and make him safer.    You don't live through fear. This and other gun control measures like  red flag laws, they make the other side feel better, but today's bill  will do nothing but disarm law-abiding citizens.   Congress has tried this before. In 1994, a 10-year assault weapons  ban was first enacted. This ban did not stop violent crime or prevent  heart-wrenching tragedies like Columbine. Yes, Columbine happened while  we had an assault weapons ban.   In fact, after the ban ended, the Department of Justice issued a  report that concluded: ``Should it be renewed, the ban's effects on gun  violence are likely to be small at best and perhaps too small for  reliable measurement. Assault weapons were rarely used in gun crimes  even before the ban.'' That is the Department of Justice.   The results are in, folks. A so-called assault weapons ban does not  work. But what it does is it takes away your rights and it leaves you  vulnerable.   The simple truth is criminals don't follow the law. Think about this:  If  [[Page H7513]]  criminals followed the law, we wouldn't have any crime. But when you  criminalize guns, only criminals are going to have guns.   So I urge you to vote ``no'' on this legislation.   Mr. Speaker, law-abiding Americans are sick and tired of these  political games that exploit the pain of victims of shootings but do  not work and seriously threaten your rights and your safety.   So today, I urge my colleagues to oppose this unconstitutional ban  and ineffective gun control measure.   Instead, I ask you again to please work with me to actually address  the root causes of violence.   We can pass bills like my STOP II, Secure Every School and Protect  our Nation's Children Act today, which would protect schools, improve  mental health, and save lives.   We have solutions that work . . . without taking away your rights.   So I urge my colleagues to vote no.   