 Madam Speaker, what a strange world the woke are  creating. Their open borders policy has produced an epidemic of child  sex trafficking. They use taxpayer dollars to transport unaccompanied  minors across the country. These children are then delivered to those  claiming to be friends or family and then abandoned. The Biden  administration has now lost track of 45,000 children that it has turned  over to so-called sponsors in this manner.   Now, the Democrats won't even discuss the sex trafficking crisis that  they have created, let alone do anything about it, because to condemn  it is to acknowledge it, and they won't even do that. Yet, they bring a  bill to the floor today to virtue signal their opposition to sexual  harassment in the workplace. Specifically, it voids certain  confidentiality clauses in cases involving sexual harassment.   Now, let's be clear, no civilized person condones such behavior, and  several States have already passed laws similar to the measure before  us today. That is where the Constitution rightly places such  questions--with the States.   Federalism allows a State to try something out. If it works, other  States copy it. If it doesn't, they can avoid it. This bill imposes the  same standards across the country.   Now, what could possibly go wrong? Well, first, it references a study  that includes among the definitions of sexual harassment a  microaggression--I believe that is the word the woke use--such as  misgendering.   The mere allegation of sexual harassment, without the necessity of  any kind of proof, invalidates the nondisclosure agreement if the  parties reach their agreement before the dispute arose. This bill  doesn't define ``dispute,'' so we don't even know when exactly it will  apply.   If an employee accidentally refers to a colleague by a pronoun that  has just changed, should this really be grounds for publicly pillorying  the employer for sexual harassment? The woke excel at targeting those  they disagree with in such a manner. This makes it possible for them to  do so under a wide range of circumstances.   Second, if the mere allegation of sexual harassment can void a  nondisclosure agreement, would someone simply throw in such an  allegation in order to air their real grievances? Remember, this bill  voids the confidentiality clause entirely, even though those clauses  can cover information unrelated to sexual misconduct.   Third, where do such confidentiality carveouts stop? Are references  in the workplace to political ideology, religious beliefs, or cultural  preferences, already branded as microaggressions by the woke, to be  added one by one?   We know this bill is just the beginning. The White House said as much  this week.   Perhaps these are questions best left to the States. Perhaps our time  is best devoted to protecting the countless children that the crime  cartels are sexually exploiting with their active assistance of the  Democrats' open border policies.   