 I appreciate the opportunity. Mr. Newhouse has done an  amazing job leading the Western Caucus and fighting for the things that  affect some of us across the country.   You just heard of one of our colleagues from all the way on the East  [[Page H3740]]  Coast talk about some of the issues. It always amazes me that our  issues are so aligned.   But specifically today I am going to talk a little bit about water.  So in communities like the Central Valley, Federal permitting  requirements, coupled with the State's strict environmental regulations  make it harder for our communities to get the water they so desperately  need.   Increasing water storage capacity is critical to ensuring a reliable  water supply for our valley farmers that feed the country.  Unfortunately, our broken permitting process prevents many of these  critical water infrastructure projects from ever getting off the  ground.   We need to fix complex and contradictory laws, court decisions, and  regulations at the State and Federal levels that hinder our water  storage infrastructure.   Layers of unnecessary bureaucracy and red tape in permitting  decisions have blocked much of the needed progress on a long list of  projects, from water storage, to energy production, to highways.   The government red tape in permitting is not only affecting water  storage, it is also having a devastating effect on our Nation's energy  supply.   There is a backlog of over 4,600 permits to drill pending under the  Biden administration, and even though Federal law requires approval of  the permits on Federal lands within 30 days, permits often languish at  the Department of the Interior for a year or more.   This government red tape is hurting families in the Central Valley  and across the country in the form of higher gas prices. It is time for  the government bureaucracy to get out of the way so we can once again  become energy independent.   There is no reason that streamlining the Federal permitting process  should be a controversial issue. Rural communities like the one I  represent are tired of burdensome government regulations holding them  back. Greater efficiency in the Federal permitting process is critical  for getting water to those in the Central Valley that need it most.   And as we saw, from other colleagues that spoke before us, this isn't  just a California issue. And I know that the chairman here, Mr.  Newhouse and I, our districts are a lot alike. We both grow a lot of  different commodities, and we are proud of our districts. But we both  need something that makes it all possible, and that is water and  energy.   I thank the gentleman for his leadership on these important issues  and thank him for giving me the opportunity.   