 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas, the  chairwoman, for all of her work on this bill.   I rise in support of H.R. 4346, the CHIPS and Science Act, that will  lower costs for consumers, create good-paying American jobs, and end  our dangerous dependence on foreign manufacturers of critical goods.   I would like to focus on two key initiatives from the Committee on  Energy and Commerce.   The American people may not know it, but semiconductors are integral  to their everyday experiences. They are the microchips that are used in  automobiles, consumer electronics, and washing machines. Over the past  30 years, America's share of semiconductor production has plummeted,  jeopardizing our national security and economic welfare.   The COVID-19 pandemic laid bare the vulnerability of our  semiconductor supply chains. As a result, automakers, medical supply  companies, and manufacturers of heavy machinery faced severe  disruptions, which drove up prices.   The CHIPS and Science Act appropriates over $52 billion to ensure  more semiconductors are produced right here in the United States,  ending our reliance on other countries and lowering costs for  consumers.   But our competitiveness faces challenges elsewhere. Domestic vendors  of communications network equipment have dwindled over the past several  years, while the proliferation of networks using Huawei, a Chinese  Communist company, have grown. Just this week, there were reports about  how Huawei strategically deployed their equipment in U.S. networks to  maximize their espionage capabilities.   This legislation also invests $1.5 billion in the Public Wireless  Supply Chain Innovation Fund for the deployment and promotion of Open  Radio Access networks, or Open RAN networks. This deals with 5G  technology. This investment will help bring more diversity and  innovation to wireless supply chains while also countering the spread  of harmful network equipment, like Huawei, here and around the world.   Mr. Speaker, this bill is a win-win for our global competitiveness,  economy, and consumers. I urge all of my colleagues to support it  today.   