 Once is more than enough for us, but I am sure that it  was a well-earned victory. I appreciate having my friend, Mr. Palazzo,  give me this time today.   Today, I come before the House of Representatives to honor and  recognize those who have chosen to serve our country as members of  their National Guard and those enlisted in military Reserve units.   The National Guard's mission began on December 13, 1636, when the  Massachusetts Bay Colony organized three  [[Page H4911]]  militia regiments to defend its people. Since that day, they have been  continuing their mission of always ready and always there.   In 1775, during the American Revolution, they were there. In 1918,  during World War I, they were there. In 1941, during World War II, they  were there. Of course, on September 11, 2001, they were there. They are  here today.   Right now, there are over 6,500 Texas National Guard members  stationed on our southern border. Why are they there? To protect us, as  always. They are there to defend every man, woman, and child in this  country.   We should not have to rely on these brave men and women to secure our  border as National Guardsmen, but we do, and they do.   They are there to stop the cartels from trafficking drugs that are  killing our young people by the hundreds of thousands--105,000 last  year dead from fentanyl. They are there to save the women and children  who are being brought into this country for the purposes of the sex  trade, modern-day slavery.   For many National Guard members, their love for country is a calling  to protect it, and that attributes to years of service, just like Red  Oak resident and veteran Captain Henry Sterling.   Henry joined the Oklahoma National Guard shortly after graduating  high school and marrying his wife, Billie. In 1951, Henry received  orders to serve in Korea, and he answered the call to be there. He is  still with us today and is still married to Billie after 73 years.    While Captain Sterling's story is a remarkable one, it is not  uncommon. We have outstanding men and women all over this country who  dedicate their lives to protecting those who can't.   History has always taught us that we can always count on the National  Guard and those enlisted in our military Reserve units to always be  there, so thank you.   Thank you for what you do for this country. What you do for this  country can't be overstated. It cannot be overlooked. We would not be  here without you.   