 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I am here today to speak in support of the  nomination and confirmation of Christopher Lowman to be the Assistant  Secretary of Defense for Sustainment. We are in a fight for the free  world and that requires maintaining a robust military presence of our  allies, including and especially NATO countries.   Any U.S. mission also needs a strong logistics chain. That means  being able to move troops, medical supplies, fuel, tents, anything else  throughout the world at any given time. And this is no longer an  abstraction. We have seen what happens when it isn't in place. We are  seeing it in real time with Russia's equipment and training problems in  Ukraine.   And that is why we have an Assistant Secretary of Defense for  Sustainment to lead on logistics. As we are watching the Ukrainians  bravely push back this unprovoked Russian war, part of the reason that  they are having success is that the Russian logistics chain is  absolutely broken. We, in the United States, and our Armed Forces take  logistics extraordinarily seriously. But we don't have the person in  charge of that confirmed to lead the Department on logistics.   This position is left unfilled because Josh Hawley is blocking Mr.  Lowman's nomination. Senator Hawley apparently disagrees with the Biden  administration policy on Afghanistan, and so he is punishing our  servicemembers and our NATO allies while a war in Europe is raging. It  is worth repeating. Senator Hawley is mad about what happened 6 months  ago in a different part of the world, and in response, he is harming  the Department of Defense and our national security.    I will not yield.   Mr. Lowman is well-qualified for this job, and no one is disputing  that. He is a Marine Corps veteran who spent nearly four decades  working for the Army. He has the exact expertise necessary to help  support our logistics chain and help to make sure that our military  remains the best fighting force on the planet. It is time for Senator  Hawley to release this hold and move the nomination forward.   This is preposterous. You can do a hold. Members do a hold. The  Presiding Officer has done a hold. I have done a hold. I voted no on  nominees. I retaliated against Democratic and Republican  administrations when I disagreed with policy. But a blanket hold on the  Department of Defense and holding the person in charge of our logistics  chain is absolutely inexcusable.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate consider the  following nomination, Calendar No. 777, Christopher Joseph Lowman, of  Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense, and that the Senate  vote on the nomination without intervening action or debate; that the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table, and  statements related to the nomination be printed in the Record.    Is there an objection? Does he object or not?    Will the Senator yield to a question?    Will the Senator yield?    I am asking, will the Senator yield.    What Senator Hawley wants is an excuse to go through his  litany of criticisms of the Biden administration. And the truth is that  every Senator has that right without blocking the logistics guy from  the Department of Defense.   He could have brought his floor charts out here and given a withering  speech about all of the things that he thought went wrong. But he is  doing a very specific thing: He is damaging the Department of Defense.  We have senior  [[Page S2071]]  DOD leaders, we have the Armed Services Committee coming to us and  saying: I don't know what to tell him. I don't know how to satisfy him,  but he is blocking the staffing of the senior leadership at the  Department of Defense.   This comes from a guy who raised his fist in solidarity with the  insurrectionists. This comes from a guy who, before the Russian  invasion, suggested that maybe it would be wise for Zelenskyy to make a  few concessions about Ukraine and their willingness to join NATO. This  comes from a guy who, just about a month ago, voted against Ukraine  aid. He is saying it is going too slow. He voted no. He voted no on  Ukraine aid, and now, he has the gall to say it is going too slow.   And this final insult is that until--what--Secretary Austin resigns?  That is not a serious request. People used to come to me during the  Trump administration all the time: Do you think Trump should resign? Do  you think Tillerson should resign? That is stupid. Of course, I think  all the people I disagree with should quit their jobs and be replaced  with people I love; of course, I think they should all resign. That is  not how this world works. That is not a reasonable request from a U.S.  Senator: Until the Secretary of Defense quits his job, I am going to  block all his nominees. That is preposterous--and coming from a person  who exonerated Donald Trump for extorting Zelenskyy for withholding  lethal aid.   They withheld lethal aid until--unless--Zelenskyy would release false  smears against Joe Biden's son, and then he voted to exonerate  President Trump for this. So spare me the new solidarity with the  Ukrainians and with the free world, because this man's record is  exactly the opposite.   I yield the floor.   