 Madam Speaker, with over 108,000 Americans dying  from a drug overdose last year, all of us are uniquely aware of the  opioid crisis ravaging our country.   Similarly, Americans have watched as the crisis at our southern  border has turned into an outright catastrophe. There is a threat that  both these crises pose, and it has gone unaddressed for far too long:  secondary exposure to fentanyl. Secondary exposure occurs when an  individual is unintentionally exposed to fentanyl and the drug enters  the bloodstream through accidental absorption.   This happened in my home State of Ohio. A police officer overdosed  after brushing fentanyl off his uniform following the arrest of a drug  dealer.   The threat of secondary exposure is consistently faced by one group  in particular: Customs and Border Protection agents. CBP officers have  seized over 340,000 pounds of drugs this fiscal year, including 5,300  pounds of fentanyl. That is enough to kill 2.4 billion people.   Madam Speaker, today, I am calling on my colleagues to pass my bill  to better protect those working to secure our borders: H.R. 5274, the  Prevent Exposure to Narcotics and Toxics Act. Known as the PREVENT Act,  my bill would require CBP to issue containment devices to all frontline  border security personnel and provide training on their proper use.   Congress already requires CBP to provide Narcan to all officers at  risk of secondary exposure, making this legislation a simple but  necessary extension of the tools we provide those who defend our  borders. Containment devices are a critical safety technology that  allows first responders to safely store fentanyl and other dangerous  substances in a secure device.   They not only protect agents from secondary exposure, but also better  preserve narcotics for forensic analysis, improving the integrity of  investigations and the chances of further legal action against  traffickers.   The crisis at our southern border has exploded to unprecedented  levels, and with it, we have seen a shocking rise in the amount of  fentanyl flowing into the United States. While those of us in Congress  may differ on how we believe this crisis should be solved, we can agree  that the men and women working to stop deadly drugs from reaching our  communities deserve to be protected on this job. The PREVENT Act  provides them with that protection.   Madam Speaker, I am proud to have introduced this bill and will  always have the backs of the CBP agents working to keep our country  safe. These men and women put their lives on the line every day. The  least Congress can do is ensure they have what they need to do their  jobs as safely as possible.   