 Madam Speaker, I rise to oppose the previous question  so we can immediately consider the American Energy Independence from  Russia Act, led by my friend and the Republican leader of the Energy  and Commerce Committee, Cathy McMorris Rodgers.  [[Page H1386]]    This week our President, our American President, asked Venezuela and  Saudi Arabia to increase oil production, asked them to boost their  output so that American consumers wouldn't see a spike in gas prices.   It seems like a noble cause at first glance, but I couldn't help to  think to myself what a strange thing to ask because surely he knows  that we can also boost domestic production right here at home. Surely  he knows that domestic production supports American jobs, and surely he  knows that domestic production is cleaner, by far, than foreign  production; far better for the environment than Venezuelan oil unless  that Socialist dictator suddenly became a devout green energy disciple  without any of us knowing it.   Surely President Biden knows that energy demand doesn't just  disappear because you tell middle-class Americans to go buy a Tesla.  Surely he knows all of this, right? The answer is, of course, yes, he  does know that, and the entire Democratic Party knows this. It is  impossible not to know these things because these things are called  hard facts. They are indisputable. Those facts are simple and worth  repeating.   Number 1: The world will demand at least 50 percent more energy in  the next 50 years. That is a fact.   Number 2: The energy demanded will be reliable energy; electricity  that turns on when you want it, heat that keeps you alive in the  winter, and air conditioning that keeps you cool in the summer.   Fact number 3: Solar and wind cannot and will not ever provide this  reliable energy, no matter how often you worship and pray to the  deities of wind turbines and solar panels; proudly made, of course, by  the Communist genocidal country of China.   Fact number 4: American production of oil and gas is far cleaner than  any other country, except maybe Canada.   These are indisputable facts. So where does that leave us? For anyone  wise in the ways of common sense, it leads to one conclusion. It is in  the American interest to pursue absolute American energy dominance. If  you don't believe me, let's outline the alternative. Let's imagine we  go the way of Germany and invest half a trillion dollars in building  out unreliable wind and solar production, only to watch our energy  prices rise faster than anywhere else and yet still be forced to turn  on coal plants and import Russian gas because your green energy just  doesn't work the way you wanted it to.   The rest of Europe wasn't all that different. They increased their  reliance on Russian gas from 10 percent to over 40 percent now, and I  cannot help but notice that the Democratic Party seems intent on  pursuing this very path, canceling leases and pipelines, increasing  regulations, chastising our industry. If no one else here noticed,  someone in Russia certainly did.   Fast forward to 2022, and Putin, with his newfound leverage over  European energy supply, realizes it may just be the right time to  exercise his imperialistic ambitions and retake the old Soviet  territory of Ukraine, leaving thousands of innocents dead and a Western  world order completely upended.   We are all left thinking the same thought, wouldn't it be better if  it was America supplying Europe its energy? Wouldn't it be better if  Europe wasn't held hostage to the whims of a dictator? Wouldn't it  be better if we didn't have to wonder where the extra oil would come  from after we rightfully ban Russian imports?    Most of us are thinking that, of course. Unfortunately, those in the  majority, those in power are not. I pray that you start.   We should defeat the previous question, pass the American Energy  Independence from Russia Act and pursue true American energy dominance.   