 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding.   Record crime, record inflation, record gas prices, record number of  illegal immigrants crossing our southern border.   And what are Democrats doing today? Legalizing drugs; legalizing  drugs and using American tax dollars to kick-start and prop up the  marijuana industry. Wow. Such a deal for the American people. Every  major urban area has increased crime, and Democrats are legalizing  drugs and propping up the marijuana industry.    Mr. Speaker, 40-year high inflation. It hasn't been this high since  1982. We have some Members not even born then. Record inflation, and  Democrats are focusing on legalizing drugs and kick-starting the  marijuana industry.   Record gas prices, $6 gas in California; $4 gas everywhere else, and  Democrats are legalizing drugs and helping the marijuana industry.   And, of course, 2 million illegal immigrants crossed our southern  border in the last 14 months, and Democrats are legalizing drugs and  helping the cannabis industry.   Oh, and by the way, we could be focused on this issue: We have a  Justice Department that is treating parents as domestic terrorists,  spying on moms and dads who simply show up at school board meetings. We  know that is going on, putting a threat tag label on parents, this  designation, this label, on moms and dads simply standing up for their  kids. And Democrats are focused on legalizing drugs and helping the  cannabis industry.   The Democrat majority leader said, Why are we dealing with this  today? You know why they are dealing with this today? Because they  can't deal with the real problems facing the American people. The left  won't let them. You think the left is going to let them do what needs  to be done to bring down gas prices?   We sat in a hearing a few months ago. One of our Democrat colleagues  in that hearing--we had the CEO of the oil and gas company--he went  down the line and said, Will you pledge today to decrease production?  They want less oil and gas. Literally, he went down the list. I said,  What do you want, $8 gas? And the truth is, they do.   The left will not let the Democrats do what needs to be done to the  help the inflation problem, the energy problem, the illegal immigration  problem on our southern border. So what do they do? They legalize  drugs.   Wow. Wow. This is wrong, and everybody knows it. Let's focus on the  thing that matters for--as the majority leader said--for middle-class  families who are having to drive to work, pick their kids up at school,  take their kids to Little League practice, spending four and five bucks  a gallon to get them there and back. Let's focus on the things that  matter.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``no'' vote.   