 Mr. Speaker, I am somewhat baffled by this  amendment.   Why would we, for any reason, decide that we are just going to look  at climate resiliency?   Mr. Speaker, we have had hurricanes, we have had floods, we have had  forest fires, we have had tornadoes, winter storms, earthquakes,  tsunamis since the planet has been here. Why would we decide that we  are just going to compartmentalize climate resilience and just look at  that and ignore everything else?   Why would we decide that we are going to choose to bias only  frontline communities versus those that are truly most vulnerable?   This is what I used to do for a living. I did it for years and years.  I am glad this is comical. This is what I used to do.   This might be the stupidest thing I have ever seen. Why in the world,  Mr. Speaker, would you compartmentalize different types of  vulnerability?   If you are concerned about climate, why don't you go and talk to this  administration about the fact that under President Trump, emissions  went down 2.5 percent a year, and under President Biden, they have gone  up 6.3 percent a year. And we negotiated an agreement with China where  they get to increase emissions 150 percent while everybody else cuts.   This is simply just ill-informed. It doesn't make any sense at all,  and I urge rejection of this ill-conceived amendment.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the  amendment.    Mr. Speaker, I have to tell you. Coming from  a disaster-prone State, I am absolutely shocked that anyone would  propose an amendment like this. Here it is, 1:15 a.m., a 48-page  amendment is being offered to codify or memorialize a process that has  done nothing but revictimize disaster victims in the aftermath of a  hurricane or other type of natural disaster.   Mr. Speaker, in 2016, this Congress provided about $1.7 billion in  the aftermath of a disaster--about $1.7 billion--trying to help out  those who were impacted by a thousand-year flood, trying to get money  in their hands.   Yet, 6 years later--6 years later--only one-third of those funds had  actually been allocated to the disaster victims. Almost $500 million  had been paid to the contractors administering the program.   Mr. Speaker, HUD is not a disaster agency. Look at the Government  Accountability Office reports. They have said over and over again that  all you have is this alphabet soup of agencies that aren't coordinated.  You have HUD that doesn't have disaster experience.   This is a flawed approach. You can look at other programs that are  capable of getting money out the door faster.   In fact, in this legislation, it actually codifies--it says that you  first have to help those in poverty. What if they are not impacted, but  it requires that they are first helped?   What we need to be doing is we need to be getting assistance in the  hands of those that need help, not in the situation where in 2019, the  Government Accountability Office looked at this and said that funds  that had been appropriated in 2015, 4 years prior, that less than 80  percent of the money had actually even been allocated yet.   This agency is the wrong agency. They have a clear record of complete  failure and lack of urgency and are simply revictimizing-- revictimizing--disaster victims.   Mr. Speaker, I urge opposition to this amendment and reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Mr. Speaker, listening to the gentlewoman talk about this amendment,  [[Page H6467]]  clearly there is a divide between what she is expressing and what this  amendment actually does.   The gentlewoman said that this would help to get the money in the  hands of those who are most impacted. That is not what this does. To  the contrary, it actually requires that those that are in poverty be  prioritized. It doesn't matter if they have been impacted or not. There  is not even a requirement in here to determine that they are most  impacted.   In fact, this amendment actually codifies a low- and moderate-income  requirement that doesn't take into consideration the actual impacts of  that person.   It also has a provision in here that discusses the impact to  households but not individuals. So maybe if you are single, you are not  even eligible under this because in some cases, it makes reference to  individuals. In other cases, only families or households.   Mr. Speaker, the bottom line: We have been through this program over  and over and over again.   I am completely shocked, the sponsor of this amendment, in 2017 when  we appropriated $35 billion, his home State of Texas in 2019 had only  drawn down $18 million.   In the case of Florida--keep in mind, this was in the aftermath of  Harvey, Irma, and Maria. In the case of Florida, in 2019, nearly 2  years after the disaster funds had been appropriated, only $1 million  had been drawn down.   In the case of Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, zero.   This agency is not capable of doing anything other than revictimizing  our disaster victims. It is the wrong agency. It is the wrong program.  This language has not been vetted by disaster experts. All it is going  to do is memorialize or codify what we are doing to disaster victims  now, which is funding a bureaucracy, funding contractors that profit  off of this flawed approach, and simply not helping those get back on  their feet that are most in need.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for actually  expressing the real intent behind this, and this is, I think, the  jurisdictional desire of the Financial Services Committee to be  involved in disasters.   The reality, as we all know, Mr. Speaker, the Transportation  Committee has jurisdiction over FEMA. We have jurisdiction over  disasters, and not just jurisdiction but actually expertise.   What happens when you have folks who don't have expertise in this  issue is that you end up with legislation like this that will  actually--I am going to state it a third time--revictimize disaster  victims. It is going to fund a bureaucracy. It is going to fund  contractors and not actually get the funds in the hands of folks who  most need it.   Mr. Speaker, I urge rejection of this amendment and yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and  nays.   