 Mr. President, in reserving the right to object, it is  time for a reality check here in the Senate.   The far right has had an awful lot to say about the IRS in these last  few days. Even Senators who should supposedly know better are spinning  wild fantasy stories about 87,000 agents who are armed to the teeth and  coming to  [[Page S4461]]  the doors of innocent small business people. All this talk is unscathed  by the truth.   Here is what is true: Every year, wealthy tax cheats and scofflaw  corporations skip out on paying what they owe and rip off the American  people for billions and billions of dollars. Let me say that again.  Wealthy tax cheats are ripping off innocent taxpayers, every year, of  billions and billions of dollars. They are sophisticated. They are  wealthy. They want to protect the status quo. By attacking the IRS, the  Republicans are helping high-flying tax cheats get away with breaking  the law.   The IRS has had its resources gutted by the Republicans over the last  decade. It is badly outmatched now by the wealthy tax cheats, who have  armies of lawyers and accountants who are prying open loopholes and  hiding income in the shadows. Let me give the Senate an example.   A few weeks ago, I put out the findings of a yearlong Finance  Committee investigation into the largest alleged tax evasion scheme by  one individual in American history. With the right financial wizardry  and a complicated network of offshore accounts and partnerships, this  individual, Robert Brockman, was able to evade taxes on over $2 billion  in income. To hide his money, he set up offshore entities that we call  shell banks. They were offshore entities dressed up like financial  institutions that Mr. Brockman set up to hide his money from the IRS,  betting correctly that the IRS wouldn't have the resources to uncover  his scheme. There may be hundreds of thousands more of these shell  banks that the IRS has never examined.   The Finance Committee is also in the midst of an investigation into  the tax practices of some of the biggest members of Big Pharma. One of  the companies whose tax data we examined was AbbVie. In 2020, 75  percent of AbbVie's sales were made in the United States, but AbbVie  reported only 1 percent of its income to the United States for tax  purposes. Earlier this year, we requested financial information from  Merck, which makes nearly half of its sales in the United States, but  it reported only 14 percent of its income here. We also requested  information from Bristol Myers Squibb, which reportedly used a thicket  of foreign subsidiaries and partnerships to take its effective tax rate  from 24.7 percent all the way down to a negative 7 percent in a single  year.   The IRS struggles to do anything about many of these cases even when  they get reported in the press. Criminal tax evasion cases have fallen  nearly by half. The number of highly trained experts who know how to  break down these complex tax evasion cases has fallen by a third. It  takes hundreds and hundreds of hours to review the tax filings of  corporations and the rich, and the IRS just doesn't have the resources  to go after these wealthy tax cheats and scofflaw corporations. So  there is a reason the Democrats believe you have to invest more  resources to enforce the laws on the books.    Here is the most important point: It doesn't have anything to do with  middle-class taxpayers, because their taxes are taken out automatically  of every single paycheck. That is really different than the way the big  guys go about their activities in ripping off the little guys with  complex tax evasion schemes. What so many Republicans want to do is  preserve the status quo so that only the little guys get audited while  billionaire friends like Robert Brockman get off scot-free.   Funding for the IRS is also about providing a basic level of customer  service to taxpayers who are in Colorado, in Oregon, and in every part  of the country. At one point during the filing season this year, the  IRS told the Finance Committee that it was able to answer only 11  percent of the service phone calls it was receiving. Taxpayers in  America deserve better service from their government, and that means  making sure the IRS has the resources to provide it.   The far right and the tax cheats--the wealthy tax cheats--want the  IRS, apparently, to continue to struggle because it makes it easier to  attack and vilify. That is why we have heard so many falsehoods about  the thousands of new IRS agents. I don't know where this number came  from. It is absolute nonsense that has been conjured out of nothing.   Even worse are the falsehoods about IRS agents and firearms.  Alongside the DEA, the FBI, and other law enforcement Agencies, the IRS  often plays a part in going after drug cartels, money launderers, and  other serious, hardened criminals. So the question is, How do my  Republican colleagues expect IRS criminal investigation officers to  defend themselves during drug busts against violent cartels? Should  they bring a set of sharpened No. 2 pencils?   We are talking about living in the real world. The IRS funding that  the Democrats passed last month is about making sure that the IRS can  do its job and meet the expectations of the American people.   I can tell you, as a Senator who has townhall meetings in every  county of my State every year, the people of my State say: Look, we are  law-abiding. We pay our taxes. There is something way out of whack when  these wealthy tax cheats and scofflaw corporations can pay little or  nothing.   It is time for Members of Congress to stop going to bat for these  wealthy tax cheats who break the law. The IRS needs to be able to crack  down on these rip-offs. The IRS needs to be able to provide adequate  and timely service. The taxpayers need help, and that is what the IRS  funding does.   What we have heard so much about from my colleagues on the far right  in raising this specter of agents--thousands of them, armed to the  teeth, coming to the doors of small businesses--is simply unscathed by  the truth.   For that reason, I object.    Mr. President, I would just like to briefly discuss the  amendment that came up during the budget discussion.   Senate Democrats made it very, very clear that we were strongly  against taxing those in our country with incomes under $400,000. The  problem with the amendment that the Republicans offered is they used  the word ``taxable'' income. So, while we strongly opposed raising  taxes on middle-class people and others making under $400,000, the  wording of the Republicans' amendment, which talked about taxable  income, could have immunized billionaires from being subject to an  audit. That is because, as the Presiding Officer and I have talked  about, billionaires often live by this ``buy, borrow, and die''  philosophy, and they have little or no taxable income for years on end.  My colleagues probably saw some of the stories, for example, about  billionaires who are claiming the child tax credit because their  taxable income  [[Page S4462]]  is actually low under the way it is defined.   Just to make sure the record is clear, we are all in on this effort  of not taxing middle-income folks. We subscribe completely. In fact, it  is what we had in the bill, and our enforcement section made that clear  as well. But we are not for creating new paths to tax evasion for  billionaires. Regrettably, that is what the language in the  Republicans' amendment would have done.   I yield the floor.   