 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Food and Drug Amendments  of 2022, introduced by Chair Eshoo and myself. This legislation  recently passed the full Energy and Commerce Committee unanimously.   The bill will protect access to lifesaving cures, promote innovation,  secure our medical supply chains, and lower costs for patients. It  would also reauthorize the Food and Drug Administration's medical  product user fee programs through 2027.   User fees allow the FDA to collect fees from industry in exchange for  timely review of their drug or device applications. Importantly, these  fees not only permit the FDA to carry out drug or device application  reviews, but they also represent significant percentages of FDA's total  operating budget without costing the taxpayer.   Additionally, according to the Congressional Budget Office, sections  of the bill will save close to $600 million by promoting increased  access to generic drugs. Some of these savings will be used for deficit  reduction and other amounts can be put toward preserving access to  critical services in the Medicaid program, such as telehealth.   Not only do these agreements help save taxpayer dollars, but they  also yield significant returns on investment since they were originally  authorized by Congress decades ago. For example, in 2021 alone, 38 of  50 of the world's novel drugs were first approved in the United States.  This was made possible by the Food and Drug Administration Amendments  of 2017.   I am proud to say that the legislation includes two of my bills, the  Pre-approval Information Exchange Act, which will help reduce the time  in which patients wait for a drug or a device to be covered by the  insurer after it is approved by the FDA.   The bill before us today also includes legislation that Chair Pallone  and I have been championing for several years to help facilitate the  transformation of drug manufacturing processes, so they are more  efficient, less costly, and result in improved drug quality. The use of  continuous manufacturing technology will not only serve as an incentive  for U.S. drug manufacturers to bring their production back to American  soil but will also help reduce drug shortages.   Other important components of the Food and Drug Amendments of 2022  require guidance on the collection of real-world evidence for companies  with products authorized under emergency use authorization during the  COVID-19 public health emergency. This can serve as a strong foundation  for the regulatory community in addition to drug or device companies to  best understand how products can get approved more quickly and safely  in the future.   Finally, the Food and Drug Amendments of 2022 preserves access to  lifesaving therapies approved under the accelerated approval pathway.  By preserving the pathway, we are giving patients hope to one day find  cures to currently incurable diseases, such as Alzheimer's disease or  terminal cancers.   As the Chair said, usually when you come to the floor on suspension  bills, they are ones that have great unanimous consent with Congress.  This has gone through the regular process, and it has gone through a  lot of hard work by Members, but I have to say a lot of hard work,  significant hard work, by the men and women who work with us here on  the committee. We really appreciate the staff's hard work.    Although we are here in a suspension moment on the floor, I emphasize  to my colleagues, there has been a lot of work, a lot of committee  work, a lot of subcommittee work, a lot of Member work, and a whole lot  of staff work to make this move forward. I really appreciate that.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation today,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Indiana (Mr. Bucshon).    Mr. Speaker, I was incorrect. I said Mr. Bucshon. Dr.  Bucshon; his words on healthcare are certainly very important to all of  us.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington  (Mrs. Rodgers), my good friend, the Republican leader of the full  Committee on Energy and Commerce.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, through the years, since this medical device fee has  been put into place, has Congress taken action to make sure an agency  is efficient; that it does its job to make sure that our drugs and  medical devices have efficacy, but also are safe? So we make them more  efficient and we have drug companies, device companies, other  companies, generic companies, trying to get their devices or their  pharmaceuticals approved so they can bring them on the marketplace that  are safe and efficient. So this is really an example of Congress  working together to move this process forward.   And the innovations that have come out in the last few years, if we  look at what has gone on in the diabetes world with the artificial  pancreas, all the pumps and insulin devices, to hepatitis C,  pharmaceuticals and other ways, and just so much more, what is going to  happen in the next 5 years as we continue to move this process forward?   We had a hearing in the Subcommittee on Health on ALS, and we had an  ALS patient before us who just wants hope. So all of that is accounted  for in this process.   We, as Members of Congress, we, as members of the Committee on Energy  and Commerce have worked together to make the process streamlined, to  make sure we have efficient, efficacy, and safe products. Our hope and  our prayers from this is the science will come into place so those who  testified before our committee with rare diseases will have the  opportunity and hope to be healed.    I urge my colleagues to support this piece of legislation. A lot of  hard work went into it. A lot of lives can be affected by it. I  encourage everyone to vote for it.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   