 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  yielding.   In the lengthy oration of the 1 minute from the majority leader, I  agreed with one word, that this is a radical bill. And the majority  leader's argument is a ``throwing the baby out with the bathwater''  argument.   The States in this country remain a bulwark of democracy. The  rhetoric from Democrats is that democracy itself won't survive without  their elections bill. Well, nothing speaks of preserving our democracy  like a late-night gut and replace in the Rules Committee. A bill about  NASA gets 700-plus pages added and a floor vote within 18 hours.   Nothing speaks of preserving our democracy like giving Washington  control of voter ID laws when 35 elected State legislatures have  adopted them and 74 percent of the people favor them. People in my  State voted to put it in our State constitution. Most believe elections  should be made more secure.   Nothing speaks more of preserving our democracy than shifting the  power to set election law from 50 decentralized States, where  legislatures controlled by different parties have predominantly held  and exercised that power for all 233 years of our experience under the  Constitution, and centralizing that power in a single agency, the  Department of Justice, at any time controlled by one party.   Nothing speaks of preserving our democracy like abandoning historic  parliamentary norms to accomplish this radical transformation with bare  majorities in both Houses of Congress without one vote from the  minority party.   Democrats may continue gerrymandering in Illinois and Maryland with  abandon, but they assure you that if you just put all control of  elections into their hands in Washington, they will save democracy for  you. It calls to mind the iconic Vietnam-era phrase: ``We had to burn  the village to save it.''   America, that is Democrats' message to you. They will burn your  democracy to the ground in order to save it. And they can't let  anything stop them from getting it done before they face your verdict  this November.   