 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be allowed  to complete my remarks before the Senate adjourns for the lunch hour.    Mr. President, I want to report that we are making  serious progress in our bipartisan effort to respond to the shooting in  Uvalde, TX, and other places around the country. Over the last few  weeks, I have been working, in particular, with Senator Murphy, Senator  Sinema, and Senator Tillis on mental health and school safety reforms,  and we have narrowed the scope of our discussions to provisions that we  believe can earn broad bipartisan support in the Senate, and a number  of our colleagues on both sides have joined the discussion.   Over the weekend, we announced an agreement on principles for  bipartisan legislation, 20 Senators--10 Republicans and 10 Democrats.  This included a range of targeted reforms to keep our children and our  communities safe, from mental health resources to funding to harden  schools and make them more safe. No parent should have to send their  child to school wondering whether they are going to be safe at school,  and certainly no student should be afraid to go to school for fear of  their safety.   We also included a number of targeted measures to prevent violence by  people committing crimes and other dangerous individuals. I am proud of  the work we have done so far, but, of course, we are not at the finish  line. We are still at the beginning when it comes to drafting  appropriate text.   Our agreement is based on principles alone. And translating this  proposal into legislative language is no easy task, as Members of the  Senate understand. Here is an example of the many details that need to  be ironed out: One of the big pieces of this bill relates to State  crisis intervention programs and initiatives.   The idea here is pretty simple: Support programs that reduce  violence, protect the public, and help individuals in crisis get the  help they need. But there are a number of different ways this provision  could be drafted, and I am committed to ensuring that we get it done  right.   But I want to be clear because there has been a lot of  misinformation, misunderstanding on this point. None of what we are  proposing would create a national red flag law--no national red flag  law. Some have mischaracterized this provision as an incentive for  States to pass a red flag law, but that is something I am aiming to  avoid. I trust the States to make their own decisions, and 16 States  have decided to pass red flag laws. But that is fewer than half of the  States with red flag laws on the books. Congress should not only send  Federal funding to those States but also other States that are doing  things to deal with people in crisis. And as the agreement, in  principle, said, what we are focused on is crisis intervention.   But there are a number of different ways that this could be  approached. And I am fighting for this proposal to include a grant  program that gives every State, regardless of whether it has a red flag  law or not, funding to administer programs that they do have that will  reduce violence, increase public safety, and make sure that individuals  in crisis get the help that they need.   There should be no requirement for States that do not currently have  a red flag law to pass one. The existence or lack of a red flag law  should not impact on any States' ability to receive funds for crisis  intervention. And if a State does want to use this money to implement a  red flag law, they should not be able to do so unless their red flag  law contains a full set of due process and Bill of Rights protections  in the Constitution.   So how can States without red flag laws use this money? Well, there  are a range of evidence-based programs that support our shared goal,  which is, in fact, to keep communities safe and to save lives. One  great example is the assisted outpatient treatment programs. These are  sometimes just called AOTs. These programs allow courts to order people  with serious mental illness to receive outpatient treatment as a  condition of living in the community. AOTs can be life changing for  people who struggle to maintain consistent mental health treatment.   Programs vary from State to State but typically include medication,  along with a variety of other services including counseling. AOTs rely  on evidence-based treatment plans to help individuals live healthier,  safer lives, and they have a successful track record. Assisted  outpatient treatment programs are effective in reducing arrests and  incarceration, violent mental crises, and hospital stays and  homelessness. I think this is another way that States without red flag  laws might be able to use the funding that we would provide under the  provisions of this bill. At least that is what I am hoping we  ultimately will land on.    I think it would be kind of strange if we passed a national law that  said only 16 States were going to be eligible for this money and you  would only be eligible for it if you passed a red flag law.  [[Page S2925]]  I think that would almost be like trying to commandeer the States'  legislature and government and force them to accept something they  decided not to do but because maybe they tried to do something a little  bit differently, like assisted outpatient treatment, mental health  courts, which have been very successful in my State and veterans  courts, in particular, to focus on our veterans community who has  particular challenges.   While I am talking about assisted outpatient treatment, 47 States  actually have those laws, and I would like the money that would be  available under this fund for crisis intervention to be able to be used  for that. Again, I don't support any prescriptive mandates or national  mandates at all, including a national red flag. Each State should be  able to make their own choices and use its share of funding in the best  way it sees fit to protect the constitutional rights of somebody who is  in mental health crisis or to provide other resources, like assisted  outpatient treatment or mental health court adjudications or veterans  courts hearings, in order to help them address their challenges.   The great thing about the design of our country is that we have a  national government, but we have sovereign States. Louis Brandeis once  called them the laboratories of democracy. And, actually, it makes  plenty of sense to me that we learned from the experience of the States  that have passed red flag laws and States that have passed other types  of ways to address people requiring crisis intervention. This provides  the ability to innovate and to try new ideas and to come up with best  practices that the Federal Government simply cannot do when you are  considering legislating for a country of 330 million people.   So I personally do not support an overly prescriptive grant program  that favors only a few States over all 50 States. And, of course, I  won't support any grant program that violates the Constitution or the  requirement of due process of law when it comes to a constitutional  right like the Second Amendment.   So I do believe there are a range of options to improve public  safety, and the States should have the funding and flexibility to  invest in programs that they think best delivers the result--to save  lives, to help people in crisis. And that is really what we are trying  to do with this legislation.   So the details are still being worked out. And we are drafting  legislative text, and, of course, that is sometimes hard. Sometimes, I  found that people use the same word, and they mean something different  by it, or they come to it with a sort of context that maybe isn't  apparent from a conversation about principles. And that is why going  from the principles that 20 of us have agreed on into legislative text  that we can then vote on and pass is a challenge.   We know that on a sensitive topic like this, a single word or the  placement of a comma can make the difference between protecting and  infringing on rights. So I am laser-focused on drafting text that  reflects the commonsense, targeted proposal that we have agreed to in  principle. Again, we are working through the details, and I hope we  will have legislative text later this week. But I am not willing to  rush it for the sake of speed.   I spoke with Senator Schumer, the majority leader, this morning, and  he said he would like to have this bill ready to vote on next week. And  I am certainly with him in terms of that aspirational goal. That means  we are going to have to complete our work on the text by the end of  this week so Senator Schumer will have that legislation available to  take up next week.   I yield the floor.   