 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   We learned in the Rules Committee yesterday--in fact, the gentlewoman  from Minnesota pointed out--how Republicans had little opportunity to  provide any input into these bills that are going to be provided for in  this rule. Unfortunately, the Speaker has no interest in involving half  of the Representatives in this country in addressing an issue we all  care about: Keeping Americans safe.   Yesterday, in the Rules Committee, it was stated that Republicans  vote against all mental health bills. I don't know where that concept  comes from. Republicans passed into law the 21st Century Cures Act,  which represents the most significant reform to the mental health  system in several decades.   Republicans have also taken steps to reform the National Instant  Criminal Background Check System with the so-called Fix NICS Act of  2017, which improved reporting to the database.   Unfortunately, we also know the Department of Justice inspector  general reported that only 1 percent of individuals who try to purchase  a firearm illegally, and it is known they are trying to purchase a  firearm illegally, are prosecuted.   So, I have introduced a bill, H.R. 194, to require the Department of  Justice to recommence this reporting to Congress so that Congress can  have a better idea of how many guns exist illegally in commerce and,  ultimately, to ensure that the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and  Explosives recovers these illegal firearms.   Republicans would have also engaged on the issue of the age of  purchase, but honestly, as brought up by Representative Massie  yesterday during the Rules Committee hearing, let's examine all the  data points to determine whether the age for law enforcement officers,  military service, and the Selective Service should also be considered.  But that was not on the table.   Then, as if to underscore just how partisan and one-sided this rule  is today, there is a provision in the rule that deems a $1.6 trillion  budget resolution for fiscal year 2023. Madam Speaker, I am a member of  the Budget Committee, and during the Rules Committee hearing yesterday  was the first time I heard about this budget resolution. It is a 9  percent increase over fiscal year 2022 and $21 billion over President  Biden's fiscal year 2023 budget proposal.   We have a problem with inflation in this country. We have a problem  with inflation because the Federal Government and congressional  Democrats and the Biden administration are overspending what the  economy can tolerate. Yet, here we are, adding a 9 percent increase on  a resolution that is deemed passed when the rule is voted on. We don't  even get to debate the pros and cons in the committee. It is just  deemed passed when the rule is passed. I have to ask: When will this  partisan policymaking end?   Half the country represented by Republicans deserve--and we have a  mandate from our constituents--to be part of the legislative process.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   