 Mr. President, you will notice that the senior Senator  from Vermont didn't talk about overall spending numbers.   I would ask the President--I would ask anybody listening to these  floor speeches today: Do you know how much the Federal Government spent  last year?   I have been asking that question of my colleagues. I have been asking  that question of journalists here in Washington, DC, people who report  on the dealings on the floor, and the vast majority cannot answer that  question.   So the question you all ought to be asking yourself is, Why can't you  answer that question?   It is not your fault. The reason nobody knows how much the Federal  Government spent in total last year--virtually no one knows it--is that  we never talk about it. We are the largest financial entity in the  world, and we never talk about how much we spend in total. We talk  about little bits and pieces. We talk about $6 billion here, $76  billion there--no doubt, necessary funding for top priorities. But we  don't spend the time talking about how we are mortgaging our children's  future.   I have got a couple of charts that I would like to display.   This first chart shows over 20 years of spending history, going back  to the year 2002, when the Federal Government spent, in total, a little  more than $2 trillion.   If we would have just increased spending from that point by  population growth and the rate of inflation, last year we would have  spent a little under $3.8 trillion.   If you go to the year 2008, when we spent just under $3 trillion, and  once again just grew spending by population and inflation, last year we  would have spent $4.4 trillion.   If you go back to 2016, when we were spending $3.8 trillion--under $4  trillion--and grew that by just the rate of growth and the population  rate of inflation, last year we would have spent about $4.8 trillion.   Instead, last year, we spent $6.3 trillion.   Now, I realize--and you can see on this chart--that, the last 3  years, spending was heavily impacted by COVID relief, close to $6  trillion worth.   But in 2019, before the COVID pandemic, we spent about $4.4 trillion.   I have another chart I would like to put up here that puts this all  in perspective.   This breaks down spending between discretionary and mandatory plus  interest, and then you have total outlays.   Again, if you look at 2019, total outlay is $4.4 trillion. So because  of COVID, the next year we spent an additional $2.1 trillion--$6.5  trillion. In 2021, $6.8 trillion; last year, $6.3 trillion.   Now, I heard President Biden say the pandemic is over. I think most  of us have gotten back to our normal lives. That is a good thing. Why  haven't we gone back to a normal spending level?   I don't know exactly what the total spending will be for fiscal year  2023. I do know that we are 2\1/2\ months into the fiscal year. We have  not brought up one appropriations bill on the floor of the Senate for  debate, for amendments--not one. We are operating on a continuing  resolution.   I hear all the time that these continuing resolutions are such a  terrible way to do business. I agree. It shows the dysfunction--the  complete dysfunction--which is leading to these out-of-control spending  numbers.   You would think, now that the pandemic is over, that we would return  to a more normal level of spending.  [[Page S7126]]    Had we just grown the 2019 level by, again, the rate of population  growth, the rate of inflation, we would be spending about $4.8 trillion  this year, but it appears--again, we don't know; there are a couple of  people negotiating this; the rest of us are completely outside of the  process--that we are going to have some massive omnibus spending bill  dropped on our desks, and we expect to vote on it in a day or two, or  maybe just hours. But it is going to be somewhere around $6 trillion.    Have we literally just increased the baseline since the beginning of  the pandemic by $1.6 trillion? That is a 36-percent increase.   I will just put this in perspective. Again, had we grown this just by  inflation and population growth--that would be a reasonable way to put  some kind of constraints on what we are spending--that would be $4.8  trillion.   Last year, the Federal Government raised in revenue $4.9 trillion.   Again, I can't predict what revenue is going to be in 2023, but based  on 2022 revenue, if we are only talking about $4.8 trillion, we would  actually have a surplus as opposed to a massive deficit almost  guaranteed to be more than $1 trillion.   My final point is this. And I know Senator Scott also is in the  business world, and a number of Senators have been. If we were looking  at this as, let's say, a division that had a problem, that had to spend  a lot more money--a fire, some kind of real issue with the business  where they had to drag increased spending over the last 2 or 3 years-- but that spending issue had been resolved, and that division came to us  having spent $4.4 million in 2019 and now that the problem has been  resolved, now they want to spend $6 million, I can guarantee you we  would be looking for a lot more detail. We would be spending a lot more  time in terms of why in the world would we be increasing our base  budget by 36 percent now that the danger or the problem has passed.   So in the business world, in the private sector, where I and Senator  Scott came from, we would be spending a lot of time analyzing this. But  here, in Washington, DC, the world's capital of dysfunction--of  monetary and budgetary dysfunction--we don't even know what we are  spending, and we are not even supposed to know because the powers that  be are negotiating some massive omnibus bill, and they are going to jam  us up against the Christmas holidays and ask for an up-or-down vote.  That is outrageous.   This process--this horribly broken, dysfunctional process--must end,  which is why I completely agree with Senator Lee's amendment.   Let's pass a continuing resolution. As much as I hate them, as much  as that signals dysfunction, it will allow us the time to actually take  a look at, debate, and question: Why in the world are we talking about  $6 trillion of spending when, at most, looking back to 2019, growing  that by inflation and population growth, we ought to be talking  somewhere in the neighborhood of 4.8, certainly under $5 trillion, and  maybe looking at the prospect for the first time in many, many years of  balancing a budget?   That is the attitude we ought to be taking. That is the debate we  need to have. We need to have time for that debate, which is why I  support Senator Lee's amendment.   I yield the floor.   