 Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding.   This morning, I saw the news that the North Carolina Little League  State championship was canceled. That is right. Why? An active shooter.   I saw the frantic video of a mom holding her handheld video of what  was going on. Frankly, it reminded me of the congressional baseball  practice in Alexandria a few years ago when our Republican whip,    Steve Scalise, was seriously injured and, frankly, lucky to still be  alive.   My son played on that field, which is walking distance from my home.  Some of my staff actually walked by that morning, not having a clue  what was going on.   This bill would change that. It would provide some resources--not an  arm or a leg, but maybe what it takes for a traffic safety study--to  provide an alert system across the country on your cell phone when an  active shooter might be close by.   It would work like an AMBER Alert system, just like I received when I  landed at O'Hare yesterday, coming back to Washington. My phone went  off, as others' did on my flight when it landed, looking for what may  have been a child predator.   A few years ago, six folks were shot and killed in Kalamazoo, in my  district, next to the campus of Western Michigan University, a campus  of some 20,000 students, at about midnight. No alert system was sent. I  believe that this legislation, had it been in place then, may have  saved some of those folks who were killed that night.   In the 1990s, two brave Capitol Hill police officers were shot and  killed just down the stairs from this Chamber as they tried to kill our  Republican whip, Tom DeLay. Then, as Members of Congress, we had no  such alert system. Today, we do.  [[Page H5998]]    In fact, just this morning, we each received two notices of police  activity on Capitol Hill, just as we did a couple of weeks ago on the  day that we had this legislation up when Independence Avenue was closed  because of a suspicious package outside the door of the Cannon  Building.   A week ago, on the Fourth of July, the Nation watched in horror the  mass shooting in Highland Park. The media reports the initial sounds  were thought to be fireworks. Wouldn't it have been nice to have had a  system that would have alerted the entire parade route to take cover?  Maybe some of those folks that were killed or wounded wouldn't have  been. It breaks our hearts.    Tragically, there are going to be more days like that, probably  today. Can't we take a small, bipartisan, commonsense measure to save a  life or two?   Yes, I believe in thoughts and prayers. I do. I also believe in  taking constructive steps to protect our communities.   Every single law enforcement agency supports this. It is way past  time to do something.    Sadly, I know that the Gun Owners of America opposes this  bill, but it does nothing to threaten the legal use of any gun. It only  protects humans that, in fact, may be the target.   