 Mr. Speaker, my amendment No. 606, which is included in  En Bloc 5, creates a VA advisory committee for veterans living in the  U.S. insular areas and in the Freely Associated States. Veterans in my  district, especially, and in the other insular areas, too, face  barriers to VA services no vet should be forced to endure.   My amendment creates a Department of Veterans Affairs advisory  committee representing veterans living in the U.S. insular areas of the  Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Puerto Rico, and the  U.S. Virgin Islands as well as the Freely Associated States of Palau,  Marshall Islands, and the Federated States of Micronesia.   In my district, the Northern Mariana Islands, there are no VA clinics  and no Vet Centers. Veterans there sometimes fly 3,700 miles to Hawai'i  or over 6,000 miles to California to access VA services. Even reaching  VA services in nearby Guam is a challenge.   That is why my amendment, establishing a committee to educate the  Secretary of Veterans Affairs on the obstacles insular area veterans  face, is so important. Each U.S. insular area and each of the three  Freely Associated States would have a seat on the advisory committee.  They would be able to describe the barriers their veterans face in  receiving VA services.   Establishing an advisory committee will not solve every logistical  problem for veterans who live in geographically remote areas of  America. But, at least, those veterans on the margins will have a way  to communicate directly with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs on how  to improve VA programs and services in their communities.   This amendment is, with minor technical changes, the same legislation  as H.R. 3730, which passed in the House last fall with strong  bipartisan support. The American Legion, Veterans of Foreign Wars, Iraq  and Afghanistan Veterans of America, Disabled American Veterans, and  Minority Veterans of America have endorsed the legislation.   I ask my colleagues to support En Bloc 5.   