 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, this bipartisan legislation codifies into law an  existing Department of Justice pilot program known as the Rural  Responses to the Opioid Epidemic initiative, established during the  Trump administration.   In 2020, the Trump administration created the new initiative to  improve the opioid response and to reduce opioid overdose deaths in  America's high-risk rural communities. The initiative enables 21 rural  communities to receive existing Department of Justice funding to  develop responses in opioid prevention treatment and recovery services.   While this work is important, it is also critical that we not lose  sight of the dangerous drugs like fentanyl that are so easily  trafficked across our southern border.   The Biden border crisis is making America's drug crisis worse. We  have seen record numbers of drug seizures like fentanyl, encounters of  illegal aliens, and apprehensions of suspected terrorists at the  southern border.   For example, in fiscal year 2022, Customs and Border Protection  seized over 14,000 pounds of fentanyl at the border and up to 10,000  pounds in fiscal year 2021 and 4,500 pounds in fiscal year 2020.   Oh, by the way, these drugs are only what CBP officers catch. We do  not know the amount of dangerous drugs that have slipped through the  gaps due to President Biden's open border policies, but there is no  mistake that drug cartels and illegal aliens are taking advantage of  the crisis at our border.   Meanwhile, our drug crisis continues to spiral out of control. We  have seen the sad reality that overdose deaths in America reached an  all-time high last year. An estimated 107,000 Americans died from drug  overdoses in 2021, an increase of approximately 15 percent from the  previous year.    Overdose deaths involving both opioids and synthetic opioids like  fentanyl sharply increased in 2021 compared to the year before. These  dangerous drugs are killing Americans at record levels and destroying  families and communities across America. Communities in rural America  have been particularly hard-hit by the opioid crisis.   While passage of this legislation will continue the important work  started by President Trump's administration to help rural communities  combat this crisis, we must do more. We must also take actions to  address the Biden border crisis and stem the flow of illicit drugs  flowing into our country.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Iowa (Mr. Feenstra), my good friend.    Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. Feenstra for his work on the  legislation. We support the litigation, and I yield back the balance of  my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, S. 4834 reauthorizes the National Strategy for Child  Exploitation Prevention and Interdiction for an additional 2 years.   In 2008, Congress passed the PROTECT Our Children Act, which required  the attorney general to develop and implement a National Strategy for  Child Exploitation Prevention and Interdiction.   The PROTECT Our Children Act formally authorized the Internet Crimes  Against Children task forces. These task forces support State and local  law enforcement agencies in combating online enticement of children and  the proliferation of online child sexual abuse material.   Since its inception, nearly 90,000 individuals have been arrested  because of complaints reviewed by these task forces. They not only put  the dangerous criminals behind bars, but they also provide outreach to  communities to spread awareness about and, hopefully, prevent internet  crimes against kids.   Mr. Speaker, I urge a ``yes'' vote on this legislation, and I yield  back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office established the  Patents for Humanity program as a pilot program in 2012 to recognize  noteworthy inventions that address humanitarian problems.   The program has honored inventions relating to water purification,  infectious diseases, crop yields, and infant mortality, among others.  Winners are awarded certificates that grant acceleration of certain  matters before the USPTO, such as examination of a future patent  application.   The Patents for Humanity program provides an incentive to encourage  innovation in areas important to addressing humanitarian needs of today  and the future. It does this without costing taxpayers a penny and  without the need to raise user fees at the PTO. This is a very  important distinction.   This bill would also allow this successful pilot program to continue  as a congressionally approved program. The Senate version of this bill  on the floor today is almost identical to the version the House passed  this past spring with just a few minor changes.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   