 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise today with my fellow Senator  from Arkansas, Mr. Cotton, to honor Jeremiah James Story, a Perry  County Detention Center officer, who made the ultimate sacrifice in the  line of duty last month.   Born in Conway, AR, Jeremiah was a 2020 graduate of Bigelow High  School. Even as a young person, he was a dedicated public servant who  loved his community and his country. In addition to working as a  detention officer, he also served in the Army National Guard and  aspired to become a State trooper. He wore his uniforms with pride and  was passionate about giving back to others in a variety of ways. There  was no gesture too small or unimportant for him to offer.   Jeremiah was also a man of deep faith, who never let pass an  opportunity to share it with others. He devoted his life to following  his Lord and Savior and was a longtime member of Riverview Baptist  Church, where he routinely encouraged people he met to attend services  with him.   With his Christian belief as his hope and guide, he demonstrated  kindness and compassion for others and relied on the power of prayer to  support and uplift others facing difficult situations.   Jeremiah's friends and family knew he was special and strived to live  by the example that he set.   During a military training exercise last year, fellow troops recalled  how Jeremiah suffered from trench foot, and while he was ordered to  stay off his feet, he couldn't resist the urge to serve others. So in  spite of instructions and consequences to his own recovery, he jumped  up and filled water bottles for his fellow troops. That was the kind of  person he was--a giver.   Those who served alongside him recalled the tough situations they  experienced together. While it was taxing to be away from family and  living in challenging conditions, Jeremiah did it with a smile on his  face.   He served his community with tremendous care and devotion. We are so  grateful for his example and willingness to do the tough and dangerous  job of ensuring public safety.   At the young age of 21, he was taken far too soon. While his life on  Earth was short, he left a lasting legacy through the way he treated,  cared for, and loved others.   Even the inmates he was responsible for guarding appreciated his care  and empathy. Several of them attended a memorial service for him to  show their gratitude and their respect.   He will be dearly missed by many, including his closest loved ones,  but his memory will live on as a hero who made a positive impact on all  those whose lives he touched.   His death is a tragic reminder of the risk law enforcement officers  face each day that they put on their uniform and leave the comforts of  their homes and their loved ones to serve and to protect.   Senator Cotton and I are honored to pay this tribute to him to bring  attention to his short but meaningful life and remember the noble  calling he was willing to risk his life to answer.   I pray for his family, friends, and colleagues, as they mourn the  fallen guardian who served others to the very end. May he rest in  peace, and may God bless him and keep him and all those that he leaves  behind.   I yield to Senator Cotton.   