 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that amendment No.  5134 to the title be considered and agreed to.    Mr. President, 1 week ago, this body passed Sergeant  First Class Heath Robinson Honoring our  [[Page S3144]]  PACT Act. We passed that bill with 84 votes in favor of it, something  that rarely happens around here.   This bill was supported by the President; it was supported by the VA  Secretary; and it was the No. 1 priority for nearly every major  veterans advocacy group in the Nation. In fact, I cannot think of one  that this wasn't the No. 1 priority for.   Upon passage, it was transmitted to the House, and they indicated  that they would move it within days to the President's desk.  Unfortunately, after Senate passage, the bill ran into a procedural  hurdle, as bills often do around here, but tonight we have a chance to  get back on track. We have a chance to get it to the House without  further delay. And I might add, what this bill does is it takes care of  a decades-long issue with toxic exposure.   The ranking member, Senator Moran, and I talked about this bill a  week or two ago at length. This bill will help save veterans' lives who  have been exposed to toxins and will help support their families after  they passed. I would hope my colleagues will keep that in mind as they  decide whether this is an appropriate time to play political games, to  delay this bill's ability to become law, and obstruct for the sake of  obstruction.   Everyone in this body knows that our veterans deserve more than that.  They have waited long enough for the care and the benefits that are  provided by this bill, and they shouldn't have to wait any longer  because it did receive 84 votes in this body a week or so ago.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Secretary of the  Senate be authorized to request the House of Representatives to return  the papers on H.R. 3967; I further ask that notwithstanding the lack of  receipt of the papers, the Senate proceed to the immediate  consideration of the Tester resolution that is at the desk to remove  the blue-slip provision in the PACT Act; that the resolution be agreed  to and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the  table without intervening action or debate.    Reserving the right to object. I don't know where to  start.   First of all, this amendment does nothing to fix the blue-slip issue  that was the real problem here. That was a de minimis amount of money  anyway. Nonetheless, it is a blue-slip issue, and we have to fix it.   I would wholeheartedly disagree with my friend, the Senator from  Pennsylvania, in saying that what you are actually doing is stopping  benefits from veterans with this amendment. We are a body here in the  U.S. Senate. If you want to talk about the appropriations process, we  can talk about the appropriations process. But in the process of those  debates, you shouldn't be denying healthcare to veterans, which is  exactly what the good Senator from Pennsylvania is doing today. For  that reason, I object.   