 Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of  my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague across the aisle, Mr. Joyce, a  former prosecutor, someone who understands the importance of having the  backs of law enforcement as they are on the frontlines in dealing with  this deadly toxin. I, too, commend CBP for the hard work that they do  every single day and the drugs that they are interdicting to protect  our communities.   No doubt, fentanyl and other toxics have taken thousands of American  lives. I can personally speak that in my family, we have seen a family  member suffer through a fentanyl addiction. If I could wave a wand and  get rid of all the fentanyl in the world, I would do it. Mr. Joyce's  legislation makes sure that we are not exposing more people  unnecessarily to it.   Madam Speaker, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  estimate that over 107,000 drug overdose deaths occurred in 2021, which  is an increase of nearly 15 percent from 2020. And most of these  originate overseas, primarily from China, who is not doing enough to  stop the fentanyl leaving its borders.   But the heroes of U.S. Customs and Border Protection interdict and  seize opioids and other illicit drugs at our borders before they make  their way into American communities, and we know that their exposure is  extremely dangerous and could be fatal.   When detecting or seizing opioids, frontline CBP personnel are at  high risk of exposure to these substances through inhalation,  ingestion, and skin contact. One way to prevent accidental  [[Page H5695]]  contact is through Mr. Joyce's legislation that would provide the use  of containment devices. This legislation protects CBP officers and  agents by ensuring that those at risk of exposure have access to  containment devices and, most importantly, understand how to use them.   Last Congress, this body enacted Congresswoman Yvette Clarke's  Synthetic Opioid Exposure Prevention and Training Act to protect CBP  personnel from exposure to synthetic opioids. That law required CBP to  implement a safety framework to protect its personnel from exposure to  potential synthetic opioids.   We also enacted Congressman Clay Higgins' DHS Opioid Detection  Resilience Act to ensure CBP implements a strategy to detect synthetic  opioids at lower purity levels.   Together, these measures responded to concerns raised by the  Department of Homeland Security's Office of Inspector General about the  risk of accidental narcotics exposure to frontline CBP personnel.   Madam Speaker, consideration of H.R. 5274 is particularly timely as  CBP's fentanyl seizures continue to increase.   Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support H.R. 5274, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I have no more speakers,  and I am prepared to close.   Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Again, I thank  Mr. Joyce. I thank the other side for their bipartisan interest in this  legislation.   As I said, as the son of a police officer, a brother to a number of  police officers--we are a law enforcement family--and I see every day  and hear from my family about the exposure they face, particularly  those on the southern border.   Madam Speaker, I seek swift passage of this legislation, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   