 Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 1510, I call up  the bill (H.R. 8404) to repeal the Defense of Marriage Act and ensure  respect for State regulation of marriage, and for other purposes, with  the Senate amendment thereto, and ask for its immediate consideration.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may  have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and  insert extraneous material on H.R. 8404.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Senate amendment to H.R.  8404, the Respect for Marriage Act. I first introduced a version of  this legislation in 2009, and I am very proud that after a long journey  it will soon be headed to the President's desk and marriage equality  will be enshrined in law.   The House took an important step in July when it passed the bill with  the support of 47 Republican Members. Now that the Senate has passed an  amended version, also with bipartisan support, it is up to us to finish  the job.   I find it deeply poignant that as we prepare to bring the 117th  Congress to a close, we are on the cusp of a great bipartisan moral  victory in defense of a fundamental right of all Americans, a victory  that will provide stability and reassurance to the millions of LGBTQ  and interracial families that have come to rely on the constitutional  right to marry.   The Respect for Marriage Act does three things: First, it repeals the  so-called Defense of Marriage Act, which blatantly discriminates  against same-sex couples, and which still officially remains on the  books.   Second, it enshrines marriage equality for Federal law purposes,  requiring the Federal Government to consider a person to be married if  the marriage is valid in the State where it was performed.   Finally, it prohibits anyone acting under color of State law from  denying full legal effect to a valid out-of-state marriage based on the  sex, race, ethnicity, or national origin of the two individuals in the  marriage.   The Senate amendment does not change any of these substantive  provisions. Rather, it adds language that explicitly affirms that  existing constitutional and other legal protections for religious  liberty remain in effect. The Senate amendment does not create any new  substantive legal rights, but rather, it clarifies that the bill does  not affect the existing legal rights or benefits of religious persons  or entities. It also explicitly clarifies that the bill does not  require or authorize the Federal Government to recognize polygamous  marriages.   It is because of this compromise--the result of the hard work of  Senators Tammy Baldwin and Susan Collins--that the amended bill passed  the Senate by a vote of 61-36 with 12 Republican Senators voting in  support.   While marriage equality remains constitutionally protected today, we  have learned in recent months that rights once thought to be  fundamental and forever secure can, in fact, be taken away. Indeed, in  the Supreme Court's decision in Dobbs v. Jackson Women's Health  Organization--a decision overturning nearly 50 years of precedent  recognizing a constitutional right to abortion--Justice Clarence Thomas  went out of his way to write a separate concurrence calling on the  Court to reconsider all of its substantive due process decisions,  including Obergefell v. Hodges, the decision recognizing a right to  marriage equality.   In light of this concurrence, even if one accepts the Dobbs  majority's assurances that the constitutional right to marriage  equality is settled law, Congress must use this opportunity to provide  additional reassurance to the many American families who have come to  rely on this guarantee. After all, we were told that the right to  abortion was settled law.   The Respect for Marriage Act cements respect for married couples,  which all Americans--including those in this Congress--should support  and value.   I thank the co-chairs of the LGBTQ+ Equality Caucus, the chairs of  the Congressional Tri-Caucus, and incoming House Democratic leader  Hakeem Jeffries for joining me in introducing this legislation. I also  thank my chief of staff, Amy Rutkin, who helped to do so much to guide  this legislation through the House.   I urge all Members to support this Senate amendment to H.R. 8404, and  I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from  Rhode Island (Mr. Cicilline).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Allred).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1\1/2\ minutes to the gentleman from  Wisconsin (Mr. Pocan).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentleman from California (Mr. Takano).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. Craig).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Texas (Ms. Jackson Lee), a member of the committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  California (Ms. Chu).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Texas (Ms. Garcia), a member of the committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentleman from New Hampshire (Mr. Pappas).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Colorado (Mr. Crow).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New  York (Mr. Torres).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  New York (Mrs. Carolyn B. Maloney).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from  Florida (Ms. Wasserman Schultz).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentleman from California (Mr. Peters).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New  Jersey (Mr. Norcross).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentlewoman from Michigan (Ms. Tlaib).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentleman from New York (Mr. Jeffries), a member of the committee, and  the soon-to-be Democratic leader.    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 15 seconds to the  gentleman from New York.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. Jayapal), a member of the committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from  Maryland (Mr. Hoyer), the majority leader of the House of  Representatives.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I have been listening to this debate on the Republican side and it is  self-contradictory. On the one hand, don't worry about it. Obergefell  is not threatened. It is the law of the land. The Supreme Court has  decided it. There is no threat. You guys are exaggerating the threat to  Obergefell.   On the other hand, this bill is catastrophic. My God, it will change  things.   Well, how will it change things if Obergefell is going to keep going?  This bill will threaten the institution of marriage somehow.   Really? I don't think it will threaten the institution of marriage,  especially since it is irrelevant since Obergefell is going to  continue. You can't argue out of both sides of your mouth.   I would also point out, as I will in my closing statement, that  contrary to the fears expressed about religious liberty, almost every  church group in the United States has endorsed this bill. I will read a  list in my closing statement.   Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California  (Ms. Pelosi), the distinguished Speaker of the House.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   The Senate amendment to the Respect for Marriage Act represents a  carefully negotiated compromise that  [[Page H8836]]  maintains all of the bill's substantive protections for marriage  equality, while affirming that the religions liberty and conscience  protections available under current law remain unaffected by the bill.   For these reasons, leading national organizations have endorsed the  bill as amended by the Senate, including the ACLU, GLAD, PFLAG, Human  Rights Campaign, and Lambda Legal.   In addition, a broad interfaith coalition that includes the  Interfaith Alliance, the Episcopal Church, the Evangelical Lutheran  Church in America, the United Church of Christ, the Presbyterian Church  USA Office of Public Witness, the Union for Reformed Judaism, the Anti- Defamation League, the Hindu American Foundation, Muslims for  Progressive Values, and the Sikh Coalition, all endorse the Senate  amendment to this bill.   This is a long-overdue bill, and I urge my colleagues to support it  with a big vote.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   