 Madam President, I thank my colleagues Senators  Risch and Toomey for their leadership on these efforts.   Americans are watching Russia's invasion into Ukraine, and they are  looking to us for leadership. As an evil tyrant wages war, they are  asking how our government will respond. So here we are. Congress is in  session, and Senator Schumer has placed the world's most pressing issue  on the back burner. What could be more important than supporting a  fellow democracy under attack against a thug whose goal is to control  as much of Europe as he can? A postal reform bill and a radical  abortion bill.   The freedom, wealth, and resources of Europe are under attack.  Senator Schumer wants to use our time to ensure more unborn babies can  be killed and pass a postal reform bill that doesn't actually provide  any long-term reform for America's postal workers.  [[Page S858]]    And for what? So that President Biden has some progressive talking  points he can use during his speech?   This is wrong. Even Switzerland, which has spent decades with a  strong sense of neutrality, took decisive action this week and froze  the assets of Putin and his thugs.   The Ukrainian people are being pushed out of their country and are  losing their lives as they bravely defend their homes. We are hearing  stories of Ukrainian grandfathers taking up arms to defend their  families. Why can the Senate not come to work ready to take on the  gross attacks by Putin?   He is threatening to use nuclear weapons, and he is threatening NATO  members with cyber attacks and subversion. Yet Senator Schumer wants to  put the Senate's focus elsewhere.   And we all know that the Postal Service is not in dire straits. It  will continue delivering the mail this week, next week, and the week  after.   But the same cannot be said about the continued self-rule of Ukraine  or peace and stability in Europe as Putin threatens to expand this war.  That is why Senator Risch and I sent a letter to Senator Schumer asking  he delay bringing up the postal reform bill and prioritize our support  for the people of Ukraine.   When Putin is threatening to undo our global order and seize further  control of wealth and power across Europe, Congress must act swiftly  and severely. Placing any other legislation, especially a bill which  does not address any urgent issues, ahead of addressing the turmoil in  Europe is dereliction of our duty to the American people and a betrayal  of our responsibility to stand for freedom and support the world's  democracies.   At a time like this, we need to be clear about our priorities. First,  the United States must continue to work with our allies and partners to  destroy the Russian economy and levy devastating sanctions against the  Russian oligarchy and Putin's thugs and cronies, both in and outside of  the Kremlin.   Second, the United States must supply Ukraine with every weapon  needed and continue to work with our allies and partners to deliver  resources to Ukraine's military and the Ukrainian people.   Third, we must prioritize and increase our own defense spending to  ensure maximum military readiness as we face both communist China and  Putin's aggression. Now is not the time for weakness or any compromise  of America's national defense capabilities.   Fourth, we must also immediately ban Russian aircraft from using  American airspace.   Fifth, the Biden administration must immediately roll back its failed  Green New Deal policies and take action to boost U.S. energy production  and independence. They should restart the Keystone XL Pipeline and stop  purchasing oil from Russia.   Sixth, all lobbyists currently working with the Russian Government,  Russian oligarchs, and other Russian interests should immediately  cancel their contracts. The same goes for those representing countries  that refuse to condemn Russia's invasion or are aiding Russia's  attempts to evade sanctions. It is inexcusable for any American to be  lobbying on behalf of Putin's evil regime or those supporting it.   Seventh, all State and local governments should take every action  possible to end their relationship with Russian Federal and local  governments and with Russian-owned businesses. A number of States and  local governments have already taken this step, and we applaud their  leadership.   Finally, every American should take care to not purchase Russian-made  products. Just like with communist China, buying products made in  Russia will only fuel Putin's war. One of the best tools America has at  its disposal is our ability to destroy the Russian economy and inflict  maximum pain on Putin and his oligarch thugs.   Now is a time for all Americans to come together in defense of  freedom and democracy, and the Senate must lead by example.   That is why I am proud to work with my colleague from Idaho on the  Never Yielding Europe's Territory Act, or the NYET Act, to provide the  critical support Ukraine needs to defend itself and deter Russian  aggression, while imposing real costs on the Kremlin for its ongoing  aggression against Ukraine.   The Senate should act immediately on this bill. American leadership  is needed now more than ever, and taking these steps now is how we as a  nation stand up against evil. Until this conflict is over, supporting  Ukraine and making the horrific war as painful as possible for Putin  and his evil regime must be our top focus.   I yield the floor to Senator Risch.   