 Mr. Speaker, thank you so very much for the  opportunity to present this.   First, let me throw back comments that Mr. Johnson made. I would say  it precisely the same. Far too kind, but as they apply to you,  certainly in order, each and every one of them.   The pleasure of working across the aisle, but really in common, on a  set of problems that plague our constituents, and frankly, the  constituents of every Representative, perhaps that is why we had such  unanimous or nearly unanimous support here on our legislation which,  correctly, you said, will now pass this House four times.   This bill attacks inflation, and it will reduce consumer costs. It is  not going to solve every problem in the supply chain or every problem  for U.S. exporters, but it will make a very real difference for  American businesses and consumers by lowering the exorbitant ocean  shipping costs and prohibiting unfair business practices by foreign- flagged ocean carriers.   Let me continue with a few thank-yous. Mr. DeFazio, heads up. Pay  attention. You and your staff and Mr. Graves and his staff deserve  extraordinary thanks here for really putting together some of the  details and pushing this bill along.   Also, Mr. Carbajal, the maritime staff, both minority and majority  for their work on it, and, of course, the author of this bill on the  Senate side, Senator Klobuchar. Mr. Johnson's staff and ours--and  others--worked with her early on in the process as she was preparing to  introduce the Senate version of the House version of the Ocean Shipping  Reform Act.   So where do we go? It was almost 12 months to the day, June 15, that  I reached out across the aisle on the Ocean Shipping Reform Act to work  with my friend, Congressman Dusty Johnson.   It is 12 months later, and I am thrilled that the House is passing  this bill. In a conversation I had earlier last Friday with President  Biden, he wants to sign this bill as soon as it could possibly get to  his desk.   The Ocean Shipping Reform Act, S. 3580, is the first major overhaul  of our Nation's laws and Federal regulations for the international  ocean shipping industry since 1998. For decades, the United States has  run a significant trade imbalance, due in large part to export-driven,  non-market economies like mainland China.   In late 2001, the People's Republic of China was granted permanent,  normal trade relations with the United States, the so-called most- favored-nation status--certainly favorable to China, but not to the  United States--following that country's admission to the World Trade  Organization.   The United States' trade imbalance with the People's Republic of  China in 2001 was approximately $83 billion. In 2020, our trade  imbalance with mainland China was $310 billion in nominal dollars,  having increased almost every year.    Concurrently, the ocean shipping industry underwent considerable  consolidation, coinciding with the continual decline of U.S.-flagged  international fleet in favor of foreign flags of convenience--another  way of saying, ``do it on the cheap.''  [[Page H5466]]    Some nine foreign-flagged carriers now dominate the global ocean  shipping industry, several of which are effectively controlled by  foreign governments or foreign state-owned enterprises.   These foreign-flagged ocean carriers have an alliance with each  other. They are not subject to the normal American laws of  anticompetitive behavior so they go about their business. In that  business, we have found the American consumer and the American exporter  are at a disadvantage.   The global COVID-19 pandemic made all of these longstanding issues in  the ocean shipping industry and highlighted the staggering  vulnerabilities in the integrated supply chain that drives global  commerce.   According to The Journal of Commerce, the foreign-flagged ocean  carriers made a record profit of $150 billion--billion--in 2021,  compared to just $25.4 billion in 2022.   Even after more than quintupling their profits during the height of  the pandemic, an independent analysis by the maritime research  consultancy, Drewry, projects that the foreign-flagged ocean carriers  will best their 2021 record profits in 2022, and I might add, at the  expense of American consumers and at the expense of American exporters.    Mr. Speaker, I better get on with it.   For every American shopper, shipper, agricultural exporter,  manufacturer, retailer, or small business struggling with skyrocketing  ocean shipping costs, I am saying this bill will be help on the way.   The Ocean Shipping Reform Act cracks down on many of the issues. The  Federal Maritime Commission is empowered.   The bill shifts the burden of proof regarding reasonableness to the  ocean carriers, so if they want detention and demurrage, they have to  prove it.   The bill also requires ocean carriers or their billing agencies to  ensure that those charges comply with Federal regulations.   Third: The bill increases the antiretaliation protections for  shippers.   Fourth: The bill establishes a new exception in Federal law that  ocean carriers make a good-faith effort to negotiate vessel space and  accommodate the cargo bookings for U.S. exports.   The bill authorizes the Federal Maritime Commission to regulate  shipping exchanges.   Finally, this is one fine piece of legislation, and I urge its  passage.   