 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, we debated this exact bill 3 weeks ago, and it failed  with bipartisan opposition. That is right. Even Democrats voted against  it.   The Active Shooter Alert Act is an unnecessary gimmick to cede more  authority to the already highly politicized Biden Department of  Justice.   States already utilize emergency alert systems to warn the public  about natural and human-made disasters, extreme weather events, active  shooter situations, and other emergencies. Federal, State, and local  officials already use the Integrated Public Alert and Warning System,  IPAWS, to send emergency alerts to mobile devices and to alert media  platforms.   According to a 2020 report from the Government Accountability Office,  every State has at least one alerting authority, and there were more  than 1,400 alerting authorities across the country.   If the States are already using an alerting system to notify the  public about threats, what is this bill really doing?   This bill is creating a new Federal job at the Biden Justice  Department to encourage State and local governments to issue public  alerts any time a firearm is used anywhere. Don't take my word for it.  During the markup, Congressman Jones said that this bill would be most  effective at reminding us that the threat of gun violence exists all  around us, but it does little to actually protect us from it.   That is right. This bill is about Democrat fearmongering that guns  are an ever-present threat and we cannot be safe until Big Government  rounds up every last one of them.   In fact, Congressman Jones went further, calling the committee to  consider another bill that would ban assault weapons. Chairman Nadler  followed by voicing his support.   It is no wonder Democrats want to push forward a bill that would  create a reminder about this threat of gun violence against us. They  want to create a culture of fear so they can achieve their ultimate  goal. If they really  [[Page H5995]]  wanted to improve emergency alerts for active shooters, we would be  moving a bill to improve the system that is already in place that are  sent to mobile devices.   In a recent report, GAO stated that the local alerting officials had  expressed concerns about the inability to target WEA alerts with  accuracy which made local officials reluctant to use the system at all.   For example, GAO found that one alerting authority sent an alert to a  specific geographic area to warn the recipients about a suspicious  package, but the alert was received by people located 4 miles outside  of the intended target area.   Another concern is that these alerts are one-way communication  systems so alerting officials have no way of knowing if the messages  are actually received by the public. GAO has also found that another  local alerting authority sent an evacuation order through an alert but  didn't know whether the intended recipients actually even received that  notice.   Utilizing these alerts for active shooter incidents could have tragic  consequences. This is yet another reason this legislation should not  have been rushed to the floor without going through regular committee  order. We could have had hearings, we could have received expert  testimony, and we could have been able to fully vet this initiative.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I would just add that the gentleman said it  has nothing to do with the Biden Justice Department. Well, it certainly  does. It gives $2 million to the Biden Justice Department to create a  program the States can already do. This is the same Biden Justice  Department that is the most political Justice Department we have ever  seen.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from the great State  of Florida (Mr. Gaetz).    Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from  Texas (Mr. Roy), my friend.    Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from  Kentucky (Mr. Massie), the co-chair of the Second Amendment Caucus.    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentleman from Kentucky.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  North Carolina (Mr. Bishop).    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentleman from North Carolina.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to my friend, the  gentleman from Texas (Mr. Gohmert).    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from  Arizona (Mr. Biggs).    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume  while I am waiting because I have one more speaker who would like to  weigh in.    As has been said, this bill is redundant. States can already do it if  they so choose. This bill is part of a series of legislation that the  Democrats have passed that attacks law-abiding citizens' Second  Amendment liberties.   We know what happened a few weeks ago with the red flag law that was  passed by this body. Someone doesn't like you, and they go to law  enforcement or they go to a judge. There is a hearing. You are not  allowed to be at the hearing. You are not allowed to have your lawyer  at the hearing. You are not allowed to confront your accuser. You  haven't been charged with a crime, but they can take your gun, take  your property, take away your Second Amendment right, and then  [[Page H6001]]  you have to go petition the court to get it back.   This bill gives $2 million to the Department of Justice. I mean,  giving more money to the Justice Department, the most politicized  Justice Department I have ever seen, the same Justice Department where  over a dozen whistleblowers have come to our office talking about  concerns they have with investigations that the FBI and the Justice  Department are doing, the same Justice Department that treated parents  as domestic terrorists for simply showing up at school board meetings  and voicing concerns about the curriculum being taught to their  children, that Justice Department, we are giving more money to do this  program?   The same Justice Department that, sad to say, has joined the effort  by the left to intimidate the Court, our highest Court in the land, we  are giving money to that Justice Department?   Make no mistake, this Justice Department has done that by their  failure to enforce the statute to protect our Supreme Court Justices.  When people are protesting at their home, trying to impact and  intimidate the Court, this Justice Department refused to deal with the  statute that is exactly on point. We are giving money to that Justice  Department.   So for all those reasons, we have real concerns with this  legislation, and I would urge opposition to the bill.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   