 Madam Speaker, next week will mark 5 years since the  fateful morning on the baseball field where 136 rounds were fired in an  attack on Republicans. Only by the grace of God were 20 or more of my  Republican colleagues and staff not killed by a crazed terrorist  wielding guns on that baseball field. So this is not a theoretical  exercise for many of us on this side of the aisle.   I say this not to take away from the tragedies that any one of us has  experienced, but to highlight the good people on both sides of this  issue can bring our personal experiences to the debate and may see  things differently, while both condemning violence and wanting to act.   When I reflect on that day, it is not about the weapon. It is about  the person, the evil person that is on the other side of that weapon.  It was guns that stopped that killer--two undercover Capitol police  officers. They were only there because   Steve Scalise was there. And  he got hit. Otherwise, that terrorist could have easily assassinated 20  to 30 Members of Congress and staff.   Clearly, there are people I don't want to have a gun in their hands  but we can't ignore the hate, the evil that is gripping too many in our  country today. We have laws against murder. Yet, we see murder.   If my little daughter hits her big brother, I want to know why. I  don't blame the stick in her hand. As a physician, common sense tells  me that if we don't look at the events in someone's life that lead to  the thoughts and the feelings that then lead to this horrific murderous  behavior, then we are doing our society a grave injustice. And that is  what is happening. We have seen this movie before.   Did these laws change the disturbing trends that we are seeing?  Previous bans have made no difference. It has been proven. Many of our  communities have gun laws and have even more homicides than ever.   We as Americans need to do some serious soul-searching about  ourselves because something serious has changed in our society over the  last several decades.   Is it the absence of God?    Madam Speaker, we had a public school in my district  that was forced by the left and the courts to take down ``thou shalt  not kill'' from in front of the schools.   Is it the breakdown of the family, the disruption of the community,  the implosion of the village? Or is it the destruction of our mental  health system, which, unfortunately, turned everyone onto the streets  instead of reforming our institutions?   It could be all these things and many more, but until America is  willing to take a long, hard look at ourselves and heal what truly ails  us, I fear we are simply doomed to repeat what we have done in the past  and we are doing here today.   