 Madam President, I rise to urge my colleagues to join me  in supporting the nomination of Martin Gruenberg to be a member and  chairperson of the board of directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance  Corporation--what most of America knows as FDIC. Mr. Gruenberg is an  extraordinary and qualified nominee who came out of the Banking and  Housing Committee with bipartisan support. He has been confirmed by the  U.S. Senate, unanimously, five times.   Senator Toomey, the ranking member of the Banking Committee, someone  whom I have not always agreed with on nominations, voted in favor of  Mr. Gruenberg's nomination as part of a bipartisan package to fill the  FDIC Board.   I thank my departing friend from Pennsylvania for his support and his  cooperation.   Mr. Gruenberg's credentials speak for themselves: a career public  servant, the longest-serving member of the FDIC board. As I said, the  Senate has confirmed him unanimously five times. He has been nominated  and confirmed over and over again.   He first joined the FDIC in 2005 after spending 25 years on Capitol  Hill and working as a senior counsel on the Senate Banking, Housing,  and Urban Affairs Committee for Senator Sarbanes.   As the Presiding Officer knows, this committee has just been known as  the Banking Committee for some time, and the Banking Committee was,  essentially, Wall Street's committee. When I took over as chair, we  emphasized this committee is Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. Its  priorities are housing; its priorities are public transit; its  priorities are making the banking system safer, not just to do the  bidding of Wall Street.   Since joining the FDIC, Mr. Gruenberg served as chair, as vice chair,  acting chair, and member of the FDIC. Take a minute and think about  that in his qualifications: chair, vice chair, acting chair, and  member.   I have served on the Banking and Housing Committee since 2007. I  don't remember any FDIC nominee, or I am not sure I remember any  nominee for anything that has had that kind of experience, that level  of expertise.   Since becoming acting chair in February 2022, Mr. Gruenberg has  wasted no time getting to work for the American people. He has focused  on strengthening the Community Reinvestment Act to expand access to  credit and investments in low- and moderate-income communities.   He is reviewing the FDIC's bank merger process to ensure it assesses  the impact bank mergers have on competition and on access to financial  services in communities across the country.   We all know that as banks have gotten larger and larger, gargantuan  in many ways compared to what their sizes were during the disaster of  15 years ago--and we know that that can be a problem for our economy.  So he is going to look at that much more closely than others.   Under his leadership, the FDIC evaluates the risk posed by  cryptocurrencies and digital assets to consumers and to the overall  safety and soundness of the banking system.   As I said during his nomination hearing, Mr. Gruenberg has seen our  financial system at its highest and its lowest points. During the  financial crisis when Wall Street and big corporations crashed our  economy, Mr. Gruenberg worked on a bipartisan basis with then-FDIC  Chair Sheila Bair to pick up the pieces.   He helped to restore--alongside her, helped to restore--a Republican,  I would add--trust and confidence that our money in banks is safe.   He helped implement reforms passed by Congress to strengthen capital  requirements and protect depositors from future financial crisis.   He brings this experience and dedication with him as our country  emerges from the pandemic. I can think of no better person to serve as  chair of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation than Marty  Gruenberg.   Before I conclude, I want to note that, in addition to Mr. Gruenberg,  the Senate is considering the nomination of two other seats to the FDIC  Board. Once we have Mr. Gruenberg and the other two FDIC nominees,  Travis Hill and Jonathan McKernan, confirmed--both Republicans--the  agency will have in place for the first time since 2015 a full board of  directors. So almost a decade it has been, three-fourths of a decade  since this FDIC has had a full board of directors.   I credit President Biden for making this a priority. I credit Laura  and Mohammad and others on my staff for making this a priority, and I  credit the Senate Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs for doing this:  first time since 2015, a full board of directors.   I urge my colleagues to support Mark Gruenberg's nomination to the  FDIC Board.    Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   