 Mr. President, let me begin by congratulating the  workers at Amazon in Staten Island, NY, who, for the very first time,  were able to win a union organizing campaign against that giant  corporation, which is owned by Jeff Bezos, the second wealthiest person  in America.   Amazon spent over $4 million in trying to defeat the union organizing  drive in Staten Island and in Bessemer. The independent union, the  Amazon Labor Union, had almost no money at all for their grassroots  campaign but ended up with 55 percent of the vote.   Congratulations, Amazon Labor Union, for your extraordinary and  important victory.   (Ms. DUCKWORTH assumed the Chair.)   Madam President, I also want to congratulate the workers at Starbucks  for their incredible union organizing efforts.   Starbucks has coffee shops in some 15,000 locations all across  America, and until a few months ago, none of them were organized. Then,  in December, workers in two shops in Buffalo, NY, voted to join a  union, and that union organizing effort at Starbucks is spreading like  wildfire all across the country. In fact, last Friday, workers in New  York City successfully voted to form the first Starbucks union roastery  and 10th union Starbucks coffee shop in the country. And in the coming  weeks and months, Starbucks workers in some 170 other coffee shops in  27 States will be holding union elections.   What makes these union victories so impressive is that from start to  finish, they were accomplished by a grassroots movement with very  little financial resources.   Now, why is it important that we support these union organizing  efforts at Starbucks and in other companies throughout the country? The  answer is pretty simple. We live in a time of massive income and wealth  inequality, where CEOs make 350 times more than the average worker,  where two people--two people--own more wealth than the bottom 42  percent of Americans.   We live in a time where the billionaire class is becoming much, much  wealthier, while real weekly wages for American workers are $40 lower  today than they were 49 years ago. In fact, we are seeing more income  and wealth disparity now than we have seen in 100 years. And what we  are witnessing is a massive, massive transfer of wealth from working  families and the middle class to the top 1 percent--people on top doing  phenomenally well, while millions and millions of working-class  families are falling behind. And that has been going on for almost 50  years.   According to the RAND Institute, since 1975, 50--5-0--trillion  dollars in wealth has been redistributed from the bottom 90 percent to  the top 1 percent. Now, I know we don't talk about it too much in  corporate media; we don't talk about it too much on the floor of the  Senate, but that is an astounding reality, and that is a reality that  we have got to address. It is not acceptable that since 1975, $50  trillion in wealth has been redistributed from the bottom 90 percent to  the top 1 percent.    Listen to this, which really says it all. During this terrible  pandemic, where we have lost almost a million American lives, when  thousands of essential workers died--people going to work and had no  choice about it--during that entire period, some 700 billionaires in  America became nearly $2 trillion richer.   Today, multibillionaires like Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos, and Richard  Branson are off taking joyrides on rocket ships to outer space, buying  $500 million superyachts, and living in mansions with 25 bathrooms.  That is what is going on with the people on top. But for working  families, there is a continuous struggle to pay the rent, to provide  healthcare, and to make sure their kids are able to get a decent  education.   Let us be very clear. It is not just income and wealth inequality  that we are talking about; it is economic and political power--power-- power.   In America today, just three Wall Street firms--Black Rock, State  Street, and Vanguard--control assets of over $21 trillion, which is  essentially the GDP of the United States, the largest economy on Earth.  Can you imagine that?   Now, I know we don't talk about it, but you have got three Wall  Street firms that control assets equivalent to the GDP of the United  States, the largest economy on Earth. That is power.  [[Page S1923]]  And these firms have power over hundreds and hundreds of corporations  in every sector of our society and many millions of workers.   So why do we want to see the trade union movement grow? Why do we  want to see more and more workers entitled to negotiate decent  contracts? The answer is pretty obvious, and it is because unions  provide better wages, benefits, and working conditions for their  members. That is what unions do--not complicated.   In fact, union workers make, on average, wages that are about 20  percent higher than their nonunion counterparts. They also have much  better healthcare benefits and far better pension plans than nonunion  employees. That is why it makes sense to join a union and why it makes  sense for us to do everything that we can to grow the trade union  movement in this country.   I know there are some folks out there who are not union members, and  they are saying: Well, it doesn't really impact me.   You are wrong. It does--because when unions gain better wages and  better benefits, it means that companies in the nonunion sector have  got to begin to some degree to match them. So when wages go up for  union workers, they go up for all workers in this country.   Further, unions give workers some degree of control over their work  lives and make them more than just cogs in a machine. Today, millions  and millions of people go to work, and they have no power whatsoever  about what happens to them on the job. They can be fired arbitrarily.  They can learn that they have to come to work the next day, when they  thought they had that day off, and they have no say in any of that. So  what unions do is end the ability of companies being able to  arbitrarily fire workers for any reason and to impose any schedule that  they want on their employees. In other words, unions give workers some  degree--some degree--of control over their work lives.   Similarly, when large corporations have enormous political power  through the many billions of dollars they spend on lobbying, on  campaign contributions to both political parties, and on advertising,  unions have the capability--because there are many millions and  millions of people involved--to fight back and create a legislative  agenda here in Washington and in State capitals that work for all  Americans and not just the few.   What these recent union victories tell me is that working people all  over this country are sick and tired of being exploited by corporations  that, today, are making recordbreaking profits. They are sick and tired  of billionaires like Jeff Bezos and Howard Schultz--the founder of  Starbucks--becoming obscenely richer during the pandemic while they,  the workers, put their lives on the line working for inadequate wages,  inadequate benefits, and unfair working conditions and schedules.   Let us be clear. If you think that the union victories--recent  victories--at Amazon and Starbucks are an aberration, you would be  sorely mistaken. During the last year, I have been proud to work with  and stand in solidarity with courageous workers all across this country  who have been on strike or who are engaged in union organizing efforts.  I am talking about the United Auto Workers which went on strike at John  Deere in Iowa, Illinois, and Kansas to protest against massive cutbacks  to retirement benefits and totally inadequate pay raises. I am talking  about the United Steelworkers that went on strike at Special Metals in  West Virginia--a company owned by Warren Buffett, worth $127 billion.  They were on strike to fight for decent wages and decent benefits.   I am talking about bakery workers who went on strike at Kellogg's,  Nabisco, and the Jon Donaire ice cream cake factory in California,  fighting for justice, dignity, and respect.   I am talking about the United Mine Workers who are still on strike at  Warrior Met in Alabama, a company owned by BlackRock, the largest Wall  Street investment firm in this country, managing $10 trillion in  assets.   I am talking about United Food and Commercial Workers who went on  strike at the King Soopers grocery store chain owned by Kroger's in  Colorado.   I am talking about graduate students and adjunct professors at MIT  who are waging a strong union organizing effort on that campus.   Today, I want to continue to express my support and admiration for  these workers who are not only organizing for themselves and for their  coworkers but, in fact, are organizing for all of us, because when you  have a strong union movement in this country, you stand the possibility  of having a strong middle class.   While we may not hear much talk about the struggles of the working  class in communities all across this country, what we should be clear  on is that these struggles are real and are gaining momentum.   The union struggles that we are witnessing have taken place against  corporate greed, which determine whether or not workers in our country  have decent wages, decent benefits, and decent working conditions. It  really is, I have to say, a bit obscene to take a look at these  companies, owned by some of the wealthiest people in this country, who  are becoming much, much richer, and all the while, they are trying to  lower wages and take back benefits. It really is absolutely  disgraceful.   So, Madam President, as a strong defender of the trade union  movement, what I understand is that when unionized workers do well in  raising the bar for economic and social justice, we all do well. Their  success is our shared success. And, as I said a moment ago, make no  mistake about it, we will never have a strong middle class in this  country, with decent wages and decent benefits, where workers can  afford to pay the rent and send their kids to college and take a few  weeks off with paid vacation--that is not going to happen unless and  until we have a strong labor movement in this country.   This is the bottom line: In the year 2022, the United States and, in  fact, the rest of the world face two very distinct political paths.   On one hand, there is a growing movement toward oligarchy, in which a  small number of incredibly wealthy and powerful billionaires own and  control a very significant part of the economy and exert enormous  influence over the political life of our country, and that is precisely  what we are seeing today. The rich get richer, and with their wealth,  they buy and sell politicians, put huge amounts of money into the  political process, huge amounts of money into lobbying, huge amounts of  money into TV ads and other ways to influence people.   So that is one direction that this country can continue to move in,  but there is another direction. That other direction is opposition to  oligarchy and corporate greed, and it is the creation of a movement of  working people and young people who are today, in ever increasing  numbers, fighting for justice--economic justice, racial justice, social  justice, environmental justice--and they are fighting for justice in a  way that we have not seen in years. It is that growing trade union  movement that makes me so very hopeful for the future of this country,  and it is a movement that I hope all of us will strongly support.   I yield the floor.   