 Madam Speaker, today, I rise to honor the 150th  anniversary of Lander University, one of the greatest universities in  the Third District of South Carolina and the fastest growing public  university in our State.   Lander was founded in 1872 in Williamston, South Carolina, as  Williamston Female College by the Reverend Samuel Lander, who served as  the institution's first president. That is a factoid that I didn't know  until I started learning about their 150th anniversary.   The institution later moved to its current campus in Greenwood, South  Carolina, in the heart of the Third District back in 1903. Williamston  Female College was later renamed Lander College in honor of its founder  and began admitting men in 1943.   On July 1, 1973, Lander College became a State-supported institution  of higher learning after authorization from the South Carolina General  Assembly. After another period of growth under the leadership of  President Larry Jackson, Lander College changed its name again to  Lander University in 1992.   Today, the university celebrates record growth, with more students  choosing Lander University to continue their education than at any  other time in the university's history. The university's continued  growth over the past century-and-a-half and the impact the institution  has had on the Third Congressional District and the State of South  Carolina is exceptional.   Lander University offers high-demand and market-driven programs in a  rich liberal arts environment to produce highly qualified and  marketable graduates. The university now offers over 90 in-demand  bachelor's and master's programs that produce career-ready graduates  who have the technical, interpersonal, and professional skills they  need to succeed in the workplace and the world thanks to their liberal  arts education from Lander.   Now, Lander is a special place to me personally as I was a Lander  University parent. My oldest son is a proud Lander alumnus and  currently works for the university.   Go Bearcats, and congratulations on 150 years.   Madam Speaker, I want to mention one other thing.   In 2018, Democrats were hollering about gas prices, hollering just  because President Trump was in the White House.   Look at gas prices today. I would love to hear you holler now.   