 Madam President, I want to reiterate and underscore and  expand on some of the comments made by Senator Kelly from Arizona in  support of this legislation.   We know that, as he said, our servicemembers put their lives and  health on the line to keep us safe. Even those who come home can face  long-term health risks from their service. Too often, we have not  provided veterans the care and the benefits they have earned and  deserve, particularly those exposed to toxic substances while serving  in uniform. We have the opportunity this week, finally, to change that.   This week in the Senate, we are on the verge of passing the most  comprehensive expansion of benefits for veterans who faced toxic  exposure, in our Nation's history. Providing healthcare and benefits  for veterans who suffer from toxic exposure is a cost of going to war.  We are willing to spend a lot of money going to war, as we need to, but  we have never, never really stepped up taking care of our veterans-- those who return home--because it is also costly, but it is what we  need to do.   If you were exposed--fundamentally this--if you were exposed to  toxins while serving our country, you deserve the benefits you earned,  period, no exceptions. The Senate is finally on the verge of  recognizing that.   My office holds roundtables with veterans all over Ohio, and I have  heard veterans raise this issue again and again and again. As many as  3\1/2\ million servicemembers in this country were potentially exposed  to toxic smoke. Time is running out for these veterans.   For years, we have worked to highlight this long-ignored issue and  the hurdles veterans faced after burn pits and, before that, exposure  to Agent Orange. With Agent Orange, we expanded VA benefits. We had to  do it condition by condition and location of service by location of  service, and it took way, way, way too long. Far too many Vietnam  veterans suffering from toxic exposure to Agent Orange died while  Congress continued to slow-walk the kinds of benefits we should have  done much more quickly. Too many veterans were left behind. Our  veterans deserve better.   This bipartisan bill would guarantee that veterans who suffer because  of toxic exposure will get the VA benefits they earned for the first  time in our country's history. It would finally extend VA healthcare  eligibility to all post-9/11 combat veterans. It would expand  presumptions for veterans exposed to Agent Orange. It would add 23 burn  pit- and toxic exposure-related conditions to VA's list.   The comprehensive legislation is named in honor of Ohio veteran SFC  Heath Robinson, who deployed to Kosovo and Iraq with the Ohio National  Guard. He passed away in 2020 from cancer as a result of toxic exposure  during that military service.   His widow, Danielle Robinson, has been a determined advocate for this  cause. She was the First Lady's guest at the State of the Union this  year, to underscore the President's commitment to getting this done.   Her mother, Susan Zeier, and Heath's daughter, Brielle, Susan's  granddaughter, are here this week, along with so many advocates from  Ohio, like Andrea Neutzling, an Army veteran and advocate from Meigs  County. Earlier today, Susan and her granddaughter, Brielle, the  daughter of Heath Robinson, and Andrea and Tim and others from Ohio  were in the Gallery. They are counting on the Senate to finally do the  right thing.   This has been a long time coming. It will mean that more than 3  million toxic-exposed veterans will finally have the expanded access to  healthcare which they deserve and which they earned. It is a good first  step. It is late for veterans who have suffered for years.   I ask my colleagues to join me in finally keeping our promise to our  veterans. We should never forget the debt we owe our veterans, and we  are humbled by their commitment to service. It is time that we ensure  that our veterans, after sacrificing so much for our country, receive  the full benefits and care that they deserve and that they earned.   