 Mr. Speaker, several years ago, I ran into a former  Member of the House and asked him whether he missed it. He answered:  ``I don't miss the circus. I miss the clowns.''   Now that I am in my final days as a Member and have reflected on my  16 years here, I am going to tweak that line. I won't miss everything  about the circus, and I will miss many but not all of the clowns. I  also now understand why so many people are afraid of clowns.   I definitely will miss speaking on the House floor, so I will use my  last appearance in this historic space to talk about what I will and  won't miss.   I will miss the feeling that I am part of history, if not always  history I would brag about.   I will miss the constant reminder that I have served in the same body  as Abraham Lincoln, John Kennedy, John Lewis, and so many other amazing  Americans.   I will miss the serious, thoughtful, and often noble discussions  about how we can make a positive difference in the lives of so many  Americans, even if we rarely make as big a difference as we would want.   I will miss the give-and-take of policy debates, even though I know  there was never a chance the debates would change anyone's mind.   On the other hand, I won't miss the reality that most of our  rhetorical firepower is preaching to our respective choirs and that too  much of what we say comes from the devils and not the angels of our  natures.   I won't miss the constant emphasis on raising money and the apparent  conviction of some that only gobs of money can persuade enough voters  to win elections.   I won't miss the frustrating reality that we rarely move quickly  enough to deal with the challenges of a fast-moving world and the fear  that if this body doesn't figure out how to work more expeditiously, we  will continue to frustrate our citizens.   I will miss many of my colleagues, some of whom are now among my best  friends and, yes, even some from across the aisle. They have broadened  my perspective and reinforced my belief that, with all of our flaws, we  are essentially decent and caring people who try to find better ways  forward for our country. I respect them and thank them for their  service and friendship. They are definitely not clowns.   I have so many other people to thank as I leave this body. Of course,  I must thank my family for encouraging me to do this work and for  excusing me for missing so much of their lives, and in recent years, my  grandsons, J.D. and Rory, for being constant reminders that what we do  here has implications far beyond the moment.   I will be eternally grateful to the people of Louisville, who have  given me the extraordinary honor and responsibility to represent them  here.   As a former staffer, I knew that a great staff is essential for  success. I have been blessed with phenomenal staff members throughout  my eight terms. Thanks to every one of you.   I am also grateful to the staff of the House Budget Committee, which  always made me look more competent and knowledgeable as the chairman  than I otherwise would have.   Thanks to all the House support staff, who serve quietly and  effectively to keep this body functioning.   Thanks to the Capitol Police, who protect and defend us and who  showed the world on January 6, 2021 how brave and selfless they are.   Thanks to all of my committee chairs and ranking members whose  examples kept me from screwing up any more than I did.    Thanks and praise to Democratic leadership, Speaker Pelosi, Steny  Hoyer, and  Jim Clyburn, for their friendship, trust, and inspiration.   Finally, I thank the person who has been with me every minute of my  16 years in the House. If Julie Carr is not the best chief of staff  ever to serve here, there is no better model to emulate. I often said  that if she left me, I would retire the next day. Luckily, she stuck  with me, and now she will also leave the House after 25 years of  service to me and others.   The citizens of Louisville are, unbeknownst to them, much better off  because of her work, and I was a better Member because of her  intellect, judgment, dedication, and friendship.   Thank you for everything, Julie.   I will leave the House proud of my work, grateful for the opportunity  to serve here, and committed to continue to serve our great country and  its people.   For the last time, Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   