 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3372, the One  Stop Shop Community Reentry Program Act.   Every year, more than 600,000 people in the United States are  released from State and Federal prisons. But even after they are  released, in many ways their sentences continue.   Criminal records create unbelievable barriers to securing housing,  education, employment, healthcare, and other basic necessities. And  there is no Federal agency currently responsible for helping newly  released people to navigate these issues.   This bill provides much-needed funding for the creation of a  community-based solution to help formerly incarcerated people access  vital services that will help them return to their  [[Page H8683]]  families and neighborhoods successfully.    As mayor of the city of Providence, I assembled a reentry council to  support similar reentry programs in the city. I witnessed firsthand how  such services deliver desperately needed support and effectively  reduced an individual's reoffending and thereby making our communities  safer and more prosperous.   That is why I am proud to support this legislation. I am confident it  will help people who are exiting the criminal justice system  effectively get back on their feet.   I thank Congresswoman and future Los Angeles mayor, Karen Bass for  her great leadership on this bipartisan, bicameral bill, and on so many  other important issues facing our country.   Madam Mayor, you will be sorely missed in this Chamber and for your  work in the Committees on the Judiciary and Foreign Affairs.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill today.    Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 6878,  Pregnant Women in Custody Act of 2022.   While Congress made important progress on this issue through the  First Step Act, which prohibited the use of restraints on pregnant  women in the Bureau of Prison's custody, more clearly needs to be done  to protect pregnant women.   Many incarcerated women do not have access to the prenatal care they  need. They are often unjustly placed in restrictive housing, which can  lead to unfair and unequal treatment just because a woman is pregnant.  Shockingly, this is still legal and widely used in Bureau of Prison  facilities.   By passing H.R. 6878, we will establish a much-needed and long- overdue national standard of care to address pregnancy-related needs of  incarcerated women while also ending the Bureau of Prison's restrictive  housing policies for pregnant women.   Being incarcerated should not strip these expectant mothers of their  dignity.   Mr. Speaker, I strongly support passage of this legislation and thank  Congresswoman--and future mayor--Karen Bass for her leadership on this  issue.   