 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I come to the floor today to talk about  this Joe Biden-caused economic crisis that is impacting our country.   Last week, Joe Biden said his spending is ``changing people's  lives.'' Well, for once, I am in complete agreement with Joe Biden  because I have been traveling the State of Wyoming this past weekend,  talking to a lot of people, and Joe Biden's policies have been changing  people's lives. Joe Biden's inflation is changing people's lives for  the worst. It is costing American families about $5,000 more this year  than it did last year just to break even. Joe Biden's inflation is  driving families to the breaking point. Right now, working families all  across this country are hoping for a summer break. This year's summer  break might just break working families.   Inflation remains at a 40-year high. Prices are going up everywhere-- gas station, grocery store, and even paying rent. Household staples  like ground beef and chicken--highest prices ever. Inflation for eating  at a restaurant--highest ever recorded. Families are paying $100 a week  more than they did just a year ago just to stay afloat.   According to a study from the University of Michigan, this is the  biggest decline in disposable income since Herbert Hoover was  President--Joe Biden; Herbert Hoover. Families' savings accounts are  depleted. We now have the lowest savings rate since the great  recession. Household debt is breaking records. Families are being  forced to cut back in ways they didn't think possible.   The fastest inflation of all, of course, has been on energy. Overall,  inflation has been nearly 9 percent, but inflation for gasoline under  Joe Biden is more than double--over 100 percent. The price of a gallon  of gas has more than doubled since Joe Biden walked into the Oval  Office. High energy costs mean high costs for everything else. High gas  prices mean it is harder to get goods to the market. Diesel prices are  also at record highs. Americans depend on farmers, and farmers depend  on diesel. That is just a fact of life. That is why America needs  energy now more than ever, in spite of the policies of Joe Biden.   Rather than producing more energy, what does Joe Biden do? He is  producing one excuse after another. He  [[Page S3058]]  continues to tighten the stranglehold on American energy, making it  harder and harder to produce American energy, which is making American  energy even more expensive.   Last week, Joe Biden, President of the United States, sent a  threatening letter to American energy companies. Now, he claims he  wants more energy, but his actions speak much louder than the words he  writes or speaks because Joe Biden has done just about everything  possible to keep American energy buried in the ground. He has blocked  so many different ways to get American energy out of the ground and to  refineries and to export or to production. In fact, his Secretary of  the Interior explicitly made that a campaign promise when she was  running for Congress. The Secretary of the Interior--confirmed by the  Democrats, opposed by me--promised to keep American energy in the  ground. Well, that is exactly what Joe Biden is doing and having her  do.   By one estimate, Joe Biden has taken more than 100 actions, since he  has been President, restricting American energy. It all started his  first day in office. In the first few hours as President, Joe Biden  killed the Keystone XL Pipeline--killed it flat--and then bragged about  it. The Keystone Pipeline would have meant 800,000 barrels of oil  delivered to this country each and every day, coming in from Canada.   But that wasn't enough, no. A few days later, Joe Biden made another  announcement of his anti-American energy policy. He announced he was  going to put a pause on all new oil and gas leases on Federal land.  Bragging about Keystone, announcing a pause on leases on Federal land,  and now here we are after 17 months in office--none. But Barack Obama  by this time had done 44 Federal energy leases. Not a single one by Joe  Biden--no, not one.   He has also shut down energy exploration near the Arctic. All you  need to do is talk to the senior Senator, whom I share time with on the  Energy Committee, Senator Murkowski, about what is going on there, and  she will tell you how Joe Biden has shut down energy in the Arctic. He  has kept more than 4,300 drilling applications collecting dust on his  desk.   His energy agenda is far, far to the left of any previous American  President. His energy agenda, amazingly, is far to the left of Hillary  Clinton's agenda when she was running in 2016--further to the left than  Hillary. This is the most anti-American energy agenda in American  history, and Joe Biden owns it.   When he says he wants us to produce more, no one believes him. No one  believes this President. You look at any poll numbers--people do not  believe Joe Biden when he speaks, and people have stopped listening to  him. The American people believe with their own two eyes and their  empty wallets. They drive by the gas station, look at the price up  there, and say: It is only going up.   If you want to know what Joe Biden really thinks, just look at what  he does; just listen to the people he has surrounded himself with. His  anointed climate spokesman--and I mean anointed--is one John Kerry.   John Kerry said last week: ``We absolutely don't'' need more oil,  gas, and coal--``absolutely don't'' need. That is the position of this  administration and the President of the United States. He is happy with  high prices. John Kerry thinks we can just get rid of fossil fuels  immediately.   These people are living a fairy tale. They are in a cocoon of self- delusion. That is what is going on at this White House. Joe Biden's  fantasy of ending oil and gas is just that--a fantasy.    He wants every American in an electric vehicle. There are not enough  batteries; don't have enough charging stations; don't have enough of  these vehicles. Even the Secretary of Transportation--he bought one of  these. He bought it from Mexico, according to the news reports, and it  got recalled, along with 49,000 other electric vehicles, because the  battery didn't work. The battery was not reliable. Pete Buttigieg-- Mayor Pete--went from filling potholes in a small town in Indiana to  becoming the world's highest paid salesman of electric vehicles, but  yet his own one failed him.   The Biden administration is convinced they are making an ``incredible  transition.'' This isn't science; this is science fiction.   Last week, Joe Biden's Press Secretary was asked why the President  wasn't going to ``drill more here at home.'' After all, that is what  the American people are calling for. That is what the economists say is  a problem. Why aren't you drilling more at home? She says: Oh, ``[w]e  don't need to do that.'' They don't seem to care how high energy prices  go, what the cost of gasoline is, because they live in a pure level of  electric vehicles.   Earlier today, the President requested a pause on the gas tax until  right before the election. This is the tax that funds our Federal roads  and bridges. As a former member of the Environment and Public Works  Committee, I know how important the highway trust fund is. It helps  repair roads, bridges, and builds highways. Joe Biden doesn't seem to  care about that part of it. He said: Oh, let's just call a pause of  18\1/2\ cents a gallon. It is a gimmick. It is a gimmick that won't  have very much effect on gas prices because gas prices would still be  double what they were when Joe Biden took office even if you take off  18\1/2\ cents.   Let me remind the American public that today gasoline prices on  average are $4.95 a gallon. It is more than double what it was the day  he took office. We are up about $2.50 for each and every gallon, and  Joe Biden thinks: Well, you remove 18 cents, and we will call it good.  What a fantasy.   Democrat economist Larry Summers has called this idea by the  President of the United States--and let me point out that Larry Summers  was Bill Clinton's Secretary of Treasury, economic adviser to Barack  Obama, and president of Harvard University, and he says that what Joe  Biden is doing--he called it ``shortsighted, ineffective, goofy and  gimmicky.'' That is about what we are getting from this President of  the United States--goofiness and gimmicks.   Back in 2008, even President Obama said the idea was a gimmick. He  ought to have credibility with the Democrats. You would think Joe Biden  might have listened to him; he was his Vice President. President Obama  said: This idea isn't ``designed to get you through the summer, it's  designed to get them through an election.''   What about the Speaker of the House, Nancy Pelosi? She is a big Joe  Biden fan. This is what she said of the idea. The thing the President  proposed today, she said, is ``very showbiz''--``very showbiz.'' She  said: It looks like you are doing something, ``[b]ut it is not  necessarily landing in the pocket of the consumer.''   So Joe Biden wants to look busy. It is not what the American people  are seeing, and in so many ways, they have tuned him out. The American  people see the price of gasoline. They see it every time they drive by  a gas station. At the same time, Senate Democrats want to raise taxes  on American energy. That is what we hear from the Senate Democrats.   What is your solution?   Well, we are going to raise taxes on American energy.   Oh, sounds good.   Higher taxes mean higher prices--it is that simple. Higher taxes on  producers of oil and gas ultimately get passed on to the consumers. I  am not sure what people don't understand about that.   Nancy Pelosi admitted that as well. A few months ago, she admitted  that ``a tax on production . . . the consumers [will] pay for that.''   Look, Democrats are so desperate to try to do something, throwing one  Hail Mary pass after another, they are now denying the laws of supply  and demand. The Senate Democrats act like these prices come out of thin  air. Prices are the result of supply and demand. Right now, the supply  is too low to meet the demand of the American people. If you want lower  prices, you have to increase the supply, and we can do that by  producing American energy.   High energy costs are driving up inflation all across the country. It  is triggering a cascade of crises. The stock market is down 20 percent.  Seniors and retirees are watching their savings evaporate, melt away.   Last week, the Federal Reserve raised interest rates for the third  time since March. Each increase has been larger than the last one. This  latest increase is the largest increase in the Fed rate in 30 years.   Oh, there is no question this is going to slow down the economy. So  why is  [[Page S3059]]  the Federal Reserve doing something that is going to slow down the  economy? Well, there is one reason: inflation under Joe Biden and the  big-spending Democrats. That is the reason inflation is running  rampant. There were trillions of dollars thrown onto the fire of  inflation--inflation denied by the President, ignored by the President,  dismissed by the President for month after month after month, and now  the American people are living with inflation they cannot escape.   So the Federal Reserve has only one choice. It is throwing on the  emergency brake. It may still be too late to prevent a crash. The  economy is barreling toward recession. Economists on both sides of the  aisle say that, and Joe Biden the other day said, oh, he wasn't worried  about that coming along.   A recession is a complete halt to economic growth for half a year. If  you have a recession, you still have higher prices with lower economic  growth. We would still have higher prices, and people won't have the  money to pay them.   Right now, the Federal Reserve is taking desperate measures to  counteract what Democrats have done. As a result, mortgage rates have  already doubled this year. Mortgage applications have been cut  dramatically. Older Americans are delaying their dreams of retirement.  Younger Americans are giving up on their dreams of owning a home.   It is no wonder consumer confidence in Joe Biden in the Nation right  now is at an alltime low. Joe Biden, who earlier had been compared to  Herbert Hoover in terms of what people are saying about both of them,  has an even lower approval rating on inflation than did Jimmy Carter.   Joe Biden wants to blame everybody but himself. Yet the American  people are right when they point the finger and blame Joe Biden. With  record inflation, record debt, and looming recession, now is not the  time to do what the Democrats want to do, which is raise taxes.  Democrats need to reverse course, stop the reckless spending, and above  all, unleash American energy.   Joe Biden should rip up his letter to energy companies and get to  work: hold energy lease sales, approve the 4,300 drilling applications  still sitting in limbo in the Biden White House, approve more  pipelines, speed up the approval process. The American people, right  now, are feeling stuck and stressed and squeezed, and the best this  President can do is say: Let's take a holiday from gas taxes for 3  months--when prices are up over $2.60 a gallon from the day he took  office. And he wants to alleviate 18 cents of the pain.   It is time for the Democrats to reverse course. We will see if Joe  Biden listens. The Democrats are refusing to listen. Americans are  paying a very high price today, and the Democrats, across the board,  are going to pay a very high price in November when people go to the  polls.   I yield the floor.   