 Mr. President, I rise today to honor our brave, hard- working men and women in law enforcement as we celebrate their service  during National Police Week.   This week, thousands of law enforcement officers and their families  will visit our Nation's Capitol to honor those who serve and those who  have made the ultimate sacrifice to keep our community safe.   Over the past year, North Carolina has tragically lost three law  enforcement officers in the line of duty. This doesn't include the  numerous law enforcement officers who have also lost their lives over  the last year due to other causes, including some due to COVID-19.   But I would like to take a moment to honor the three officers who  lost their lives while protecting those they served.   Last October, we lost Ryan Hayworth of the Knightdale Police  Department after his patrol vehicle was hit by a drunk driver.   Officer Hayworth was only 23 years old, and he had already  established a distinguished record of service. He was in the U.S. Army  and the National Guard.   He answered the call again by becoming a police officer, following in  the footsteps of his father, who was a longtime chief of the Zebulon  Police Department, and his brother, who is a firefighter.   Last December, only 2 days before Christmas, in my home county of  Mecklenburg, we grieved the loss of CMPD Officer Mia Danielle Figueroa- Goodwin.   Officer Figueroa-Goodwin, only 33, tragically was killed when a  tractor trailer hit her patrol car as she was working to keep drivers  safe following a previous crash.   Officer Figueroa-Goodwin had served CMPD for 6 years. She had a  beautiful family, survived by her husband and three young children,  including a four-month-old baby.   In January, we lost North Carolina State Trooper John Horton in a  tragic accident with another patrol vehicle as the area was faced with  icy and dangerous driving conditions. The accident also tragically took  the life of another driver.   Trooper Horton had served for 15 years, and he is survived by his  wife and 6 children.   The incredible sacrifice of our brave men and women in blue can take  many forms. Last month, an act of incredible bravery by North Carolina  State Patrol Trooper Cody Thao captivated North Carolinians. When a  suspected drunk driver's car was barreling the wrong way down a highway  exit ramp, Trooper Thao bravely put himself and his patrol car in the  way to stop the driver from hurting or possibly killing others. Instead  of speeding the wrong way on the highway, the suspect was stopped by  Trooper Thao's split-second decision to angle his car and let the car  hit his patrol car.   This act was filmed by Trooper Thao's dashboard camera, and his  bravery has been broadcast literally to the world.   Trooper Thao's selfless decision undoubtedly saved lives and serves  as a reminder of the danger our law enforcement community faces each  and every day to keep us safe.   I am deeply encouraged by the outpouring of support from North  Carolina communities for our brave, hard-working law enforcement  officers. And I should say that I am happy to see the same across all  States in the Nation.   But there are some folks who want to talk about anti-police policies.  I don't think people back home in North Carolina or across the United  States are buying it. I believe most people back home and across this  beautiful country respect and support law enforcement.   The American people understand that law enforcement officers make our  communities safer and stronger. They understand that proposals to  abolish and defund the police are out of touch with reality. The  reality is that rhetorical attacks on law enforcement only serve to  encourage physical attacks on law enforcement.   FBI Director Chris Wray raised the alarm just a few weeks ago when he  told the American people that ``Violence against law enforcement in  this country is one of the biggest phenomenon that I think doesn't get  enough attention.'' I agree with Director Wray.   While attacks on our brave men and women in blue may not get enough  attention in the national press, our local communities recognize the  tremendous sacrifice given by those who protect and serve.   We must stop the tide of violence against law enforcement in this  country. That is why I am proud to have introduced the Protect and  Serve Act. This commonsense legislation would make it a Federal crime  to intentionally assault a law enforcement officer. This bill has also  received bipartisan support in the past and, I believe, would make a  strong statement to criminals that assaulting law enforcement is  inexcusable.   With the Protect and Serve Act, criminals would be on notice that an  assault on law enforcement is an assault on all Americans.   Each year, we take this week to celebrate those who serve and protect  public safety.   These heroes deserve our gratitude 24/7, 365. I hope my colleagues  will help me fight for the men and women in blue. They need us more  than ever.   As I often say when I am back in the State of North Carolina, if you  get an opportunity to see a law enforcement officer today, thank them  for their sacrifice.   