 Madam Speaker, I thank the Resident Commissioner.   Madam Speaker, here is my partner in equality in the Resident  Commissioner Jenniffer Gonzalez-Colon. And she is not the only one.  Florida is in the House tonight in support of you--Representative  Demings, Representative Wasserman Schultz, Representative Salazar. We  are all here to support our brothers and sisters back in my family's  native island.   This is a little bit about history today, 105 years of citizenship.  You know, I checked on ancestry.com, and the roots of my family back in  Puerto Rico go back way further than they could ever tell--on the Soto  side and on the Casanova side--with a few coming in the mid-1800s from  the Canary Islands, but the rest back further than you can uncover  through the internet.   When Teddy Roosevelt comes up on that San Juan Hill and you have the  Spanish-American War, my relatives, my ancestors, were already there  for an unknown and distant amount of time.   I also see Representative Wild. Representative Wild, thank you for  being here as well from Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania is in the House.   When I think about the turn of the 20th century, my ancestors, some  of whom I got to meet, like my great-grandmother, Altagracia Casanova,  who still farmed by the time I was a little kid in Sabana Hoyos in  Puerto Rico, they became citizens by statute. Then my great- grandparents, they had draft cards. They went and served in World War  I. The first shots of World War I were fired off the coast of San Juan  as the Germans attempted to enter the Caribbean.   From there, we saw my grandparents stationed in places in the  Caribbean in South America during World War II. We know of the great,  famed Borinqueneers serving in all of those wars together, as well as  Korea.   This citizenship has been earned, encouraged, and in blood, in  contributions in science and art and manufacturing and in so many other  ways that have made this such a great United States of America.   But it is the recent history that I am most concerned about. After  the 936 exemption ended, my family moved to central Florida from Puerto  Rico. They were worried about the economic climate. They moved to  central Florida for economic opportunity. My family up north, where I  was raised, we soon followed and found ourselves in central Florida.    We don't want people to have to be forced to relocate because they  are worried about economic prosperity. That is already in our family  history as well.   Then you look at after that recession coming in, then PROMESA,  austerity measures, that would never happen to a State. The types of  cuts to government, the type of attack on sovereignty was terrible. We  have many pensioners who served as civil servants in Puerto Rico who  now live in central Florida, places like Representative Demings' and my  districts and, I have no doubt, in south Florida and Wasserman Schultz'  and Salazar's districts as well. So it affects us directly and  indirectly.   Then we see, on top of that, Hurricane Maria. What devastation, the  highest death toll of any natural disaster in modern American history.  We see how important it is to have representation and how important it  is to have fair treatment.   Then it has been the latest battles over these last couple of years.  You and I have fought together, along with our allies here, on  everything from food assistance to Medicaid to finally getting Puerto  Rico treated equally in the American Rescue Plan, to finally getting  the people of Puerto Rico treated equally in infrastructure.   But those battles will continue if we do not resolve the territorial  status. That is why I was honored to co-introduce our bill, together  with our friends, to admit Puerto Rico as a State, after a binding  plebiscite, of course.   I feel very good about where we are headed, to a bipartisan vote on  the floor and putting forward a bill that the Senators can vote for.   This is about making sure, as we see tyranny attacks of democracy  versus autocracy in Ukraine and, frankly, in so many places around the  Caribbean, Central and South America, this is where we can take a stand  in the Caribbean for democracy and give our brothers and sisters back  on the island the opportunity to forge your own destinies, and your  Florida Rican brothers and sisters are with you.   Miss GONZALEZ-COLON. Madam Speaker, I say thank you to our main  sponsor. I will say, I don't have the vote here in the House so I  depend on all Members of the House to support Puerto Rico in many ways.   In that sense, I will be always grateful, Darren, for your commitment  and your help.   Madam Speaker, I recognize now a dear friend from Florida as well who  is here.   Before recognizing her, I recognize a former Member of the House and  current Governor of Puerto Rico. Pedro  [[Page H1269]]  Pierluisi is here on the floor of the House. Thank you, Governor, for  supporting this.   Madam Speaker, this is a bipartisan issue. You won't find any other  bill that will have bipartisan support. This is not a Republican issue.  This is not a Democratic issue. This is the cost of equal rights. This  is civil rights. This is democracy.   Madam Speaker, I cannot find a better person to speak about that than  my good friend from Miami, Congresswoman Salazar.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. Salazar).   