 Madam Speaker, the America COMPETES Act makes landmark  investments to ensure our people, research, innovation, and  manufacturing remain competitive globally. The legislation includes  several of my bills supporting these goals: by providing Marianas  students pathways to well-paying jobs through access to STEM courses  and apprenticeships, by ensuring math and science teachers in the  Marianas are recognized at the national level along with their peers in  education, and by protecting the ocean life that has always been so  important to the people and culture of the Marianas.   To be specific the America COMPETES Act includes my bill, the  Outlying Areas Apprenticeship Expansion Act, which provides $2.8  million to establish an apprenticeship program. Our school systems  already equip students with the skills employers seek. Now we need to  build a connection between that classroom learning and the real-world  workplace. Apprenticeships provide that link. And with our economy  still struggling to recover due to the pandemic, that link is needed  now more than ever.   We also need to recognize the teachers who are giving those students  the skills they need. My bill, the STEM Educator Awards Equity Act, has  also been incorporated in the COMPETES Act and expands the annual  Presidential Awards for Excellence in Mathematics and Science Teaching  so a teacher in each of America's insular areas can be recognized.  Selected teachers receive $10,000 from the National Science Foundation  and participate in expert-led training and collaboration opportunities  in Washington. Currently, teachers from the Marianas, Guam, American  Samoa, and the U.S. Virgin Islands must compete against each other for  two awards. This defeats the purpose of the program, which is to  inspire excellence and provide a role model in every area of our  nation.   Lastly, the America COMPETES Act protects our environment, which is  the foundation of economic activity. The bill addresses the sharp  decline in shark populations by banning the commercial trade in shark  fins. This matches the ban in my legislation, H.R. 2811, which has 240  cosponsors in the House of Representatives, and which follows the lead  already established by law in the Marianas and U.S. state governments.  The COMPETES Act will also protect the Marianas' coral reefs through  increased funding for conservation activities. These provisions support  our tourism economy by maintaining the natural beauty of our islands to  showcase to visitors from around the world.   With historic investments in job training, STEM education and the  environment, the America COMPETES Act supports communities in the  Marianas and around America in this time of economic challenge. I ask  my colleagues to support the America COMPETES Act.   