 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I rise today to speak about the James M.  Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023, about  to come before us.   First, let me say this bill is aptly named in recognition of nearly  three decades of service in the Senate of our colleague Senator Jim  Inhofe of Oklahoma. I count him as a friend, and I wish him the very  best in his future endeavors.   I am grateful to him, Chairman Jack Reed from Rhode Island, and their  staff for working to produce this bill.   This is the 62nd year that Congress has reached a bipartisan,  bicameral agreement to produce this Defense authorization bill. It is  about the only thing which you can count on with regularity every year,  and I commend Senator Reed and Senator Inhofe for maintaining that  tradition and maintaining our commitment to the men and women in  uniform and the defense of the United States.   This fiscal year 2023 Defense authorization bill has a top line of  nearly $858 billion for defense and a deserved 4.6-percent pay raise  for our troops--that is the largest increase in 20 years--to help  military families deal with inflation.   The bill also supports employment opportunities for military spouses,  their kids, and improved military housing and childcare.   It ensures that the United States can defend effectively against  threats from China, North Korea, or any other nation foolish enough to  challenge.   And it boosts military aid to Ukraine, which is at the frontline of  democracy, as defense against the Russian thug's brutal and illegal  war.   The bill invests important and innovative capabilities and  technologies to improve the safety of military tactical vehicles and  discover PFAS-free alternatives to firefighting.   And it includes several provisions that I requested with Senator  Duckworth, from protecting Scott Air Force Base--one of our premier Air  Force bases--from divestment to strengthening security cooperation with  our Baltic allies, to expanding Federal mental health services after  FEMA emergency declarations.   I am pleased the bill also includes bipartisan provisions from the  Judiciary Committee to improve the security of Federal judges and  strengthen protection for sexual assault survivors.   You wonder, What is that doing in this bill?   This bill is the vehicle for many good things to happen, and the  bills that I have just referenced were bipartisan bills coming out of  committee which we have hitched a ride on this bill to deliver.   At the same time, I am troubled by several provisions in the text of  the bill.   First, this bill would lift the Pentagon's policy of requiring  servicemembers in the military to receive COVID-19 vaccines. This is an  extremely alarming and even dangerous decision.   Mandatory vaccinations for the U.S. military are not new. They date  back to the earliest days before we were a nation, when George  Washington ordered small pox inoculations for troops in the Continental  Army.   The Pentagon currently requires several vaccines for military  members, and appropriate exemptions already exist for medical and  religious purposes.   So many troops serve around the world in extreme conditions and in  close quarters for extended periods of time by assignment, making any  risk of infectious disease such as COVID all the more threatening and  troubling.   And the lingering damage of long COVID--and don't discount it. There  are Members of the Senate who are privately and quietly battling with  this issue--including respiratory, heart, neurological, and autoimmune  conditions. This underscores the importance of our servicemembers being  vaccinated.   Thankfully--thankfully--more than 97 percent of all Department of  Defense employees have been fully vaccinated, and more than 99 percent  of Active-Duty servicemembers have had at least one dose.   But the repeal of this mandate at the insistence of Republican  Members of the House is a dangerous, disturbing insertion of politics  into an important public health and national security matter.   Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin, whom I greatly respect, has made  it clear that he opposes this provision, as do I.   In addition, the final bill extends for another year unnecessary  restrictions on transferring detainees from the detention facility at  Guantanamo. Did you think Guantanamo was gone and closed? No, it isn't.   Included in this bill is a complete ban of transfer of any of these  detainees to the mainland of the United States for any purpose  whatsoever for any period of time.   This ban includes even transfers to the United States for prosecution  in a Federal court or necessary medical care.   This puts our medical professionals in a terrible, untenable,  unprofessional position of having to provide medical  [[Page S7092]]  care that cannot be safely provided on that naval base, Guantanamo.   That endangers the lives of their patients, when we mandate it in  this bill.   I have come to this floor to advocate for the closure of Guantanamo  for years. It saddens me that for more than two decades, the legacy of  torture and indefinite detention has continued to betray our values as  a nation and the rule of law. This detention facility was deliberately  created to serve as a legal black hole where detainees could be held  incommunicado, beyond the reach of law, and even subjected to torture.  There is still, all of these years later, no due process for the  prisoners at Guantanamo and no justice for the families of the  thousands of people who died on 9/11.   We held a hearing on Guantanamo, and one of the family members of the  survivors of that terrible 9/11 occurrence came and said to us: Finally  get it over with. Close this facility. Try these individuals if you  have a charge against them; if not, put an end to it.   Since that prison opened in Guantanamo, hundreds of detainees have  come and gone. Today, there are 35 individuals at an unjustified and  embarrassing cost of $550 million per year to keep the facility open.  Quick math--we are spending $15 million a year for each of these  detainees while there are ample vacancies in our Federal prisons. Why?   The vast majority of the men who remain indefinitely detained have  never--never--been charged with any crime and have been unanimously  approved for transfer by defense and intelligence agencies, and  American taxpayers pay $15 million a year for each of them to stay at  Guantanamo. They languish at Guantanamo for no justifiable reason,  contrary to any notion of due process or rule of law.   I filed an amendment to this bill that I am referring to earlier this  fall to close this prison at Guantanamo once and for all. Put it behind  us. I am disappointed that it wasn't taken up and that the final bill  doesn't address it.   The Senate, again, did not have a regular floor process for this  bill, which would have allowed debate and amendments. That is what the  Senate used to do routinely. Now, it hardly ever happens in this body.   Ultimately, I will vote for this bill even with my objections I have  stated, but I want the record to be clear: The Defense Authorization  Act has not been bogged down by ``liberal nonsense,'' as the Senate  minority leader stated last week on the floor of the Senate. The  reality is, this bill authorizes nearly $75 billion more for the  national defense compared to the last fiscal year--a significant  increase and critical for our Nation's defense and our troops--but I  hope it will be matched in an omnibus by nondefense spending to keep  parity as well.   We must finalize and pass an omnibus bill without delay to keep our  Federal Government functioning.   I want to note one top priority that should have been included in  this bill and should be included now in the omnibus spending bill. The  bipartisan Justice for Victims of War Crimes Act is cosponsored by  Republican Senator Chuck Grassley and myself. We introduced it, and  several of our colleagues joined us.   Most Americans would be shocked to learn that the laws of the United  States of America do not allow us to prosecute foreign war criminals  who are roaming free right here in the United States--hard to believe.   As that unspeakable atrocity continues in Ukraine, we must not allow  those who are murdering and torturing the people of Ukraine to come and  reside in the United States with impunity, period. We must close this  gap in our laws and ensure that foreign nationals here on our soil can  be prosecuted for war crimes. America must send a message to the  Vladimir Putins of the world that their henchmen will find no safe  haven here.   I look forward to finally getting to this critical bill as soon as  possible.    Mr. President, today, the Senate will vote to confirm  Tamika Montgomery-Reeves to a Delaware seat on the Third Circuit Court  of Appeals.   Justice Montgomery-Reeves has significant experience as both a  litigator and a judge.   She received degrees from the University of Mississippi and the  University of Georgia School of Law before clerking on the Delaware  Court of Chancery. Following this role, she worked as a litigator with  two national law firms, where she focused on complex commercial  matters.   In 2015, Justice Montgomery-Reeves was appointed to serve on  Delaware's Chancery Court. There, she presided over cases involving  corporate issues, trusts, estates, real property, and other contractual  matters. In 2019, she was appointed to serve as a justice on the  Delaware Supreme Court. She is both the youngest person ever to serve  on that court and the first African-American supreme court justice in  Delaware history.   During her time on the bench, Justice Montgomery-Reeves has  demonstrated a fair judicial temperament and a deep commitment to  evenhanded decisionmaking. In recognition of her exceptional legal  acumen, the committee has received many letters of support from her  colleagues in both private practice and on the bench.   Justice Montgomery-Reeves has been rated unanimously ``well  qualified'' by the American Bar Association, and she has strong support  from her home State Senators, Mr. Carper and Mr. Coons.   I strongly support her nomination and urge my colleagues to do the  same.    I announce that the Senator from Maryland (Mr. Cardin),  the Senator from Colorado (Mr. Hickenlooper), the Senator from Oregon  (Mr. Merkley), the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. Shaheen), and the  Senator from Oregon (Mr. Wyden) are necessarily absent.   