 Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend and fellow  Rules Committee member, Mrs. Fischbach, for the generosity with the  time.   Madam Speaker, the Chinese Communist Party is the single greatest  threat to freedom and democracy in the United States and around the  world. For too long, China has stolen American intellectual property,  violated international trade laws, exported illicit fentanyl into our  communities, and committed heinous human rights abuses.   Just in the last 2 years, China has dismantled Hong Kongers' civil  liberties; they have increased their military buildup; and they have  suppressed information about the origins of COVID-19.   Yet, House Democrats put forward a bill today that mentions coral  reefs and climate change more than it mentions China. In Biden's own  Statement of Administration Policy for this bill, the word ``China'' is  nowhere to be found. This is laughable.   Clearly, calling this bill tough on China is a joke. In fact, under  H.R. 4521, China itself is eligible to receive American taxpayer  dollars through a ``green climate'' slush fund. The slush fund this  bill creates actually gives money to China. It is laughable.   China has committed the worst climate change violations in the world.  They are the world's greatest single polluter. China emits more  greenhouse gases than all the developed nations combined. If you took  the emissions from the United States, Japan, and all the European  Union, Madam Speaker, that combined still doesn't reach the levels that  China emits, yet China is eligible for the green climate slush fund  this bill creates.   It is seriously a joke. You can't make it up, Madam Speaker.   Last Congress, Republicans on the China Task Force, which I was lucky  enough to be a part of, put forward a blueprint to address the  generational threat that is posed by the CCP.   I hope my colleagues across the aisle--the liberals across the aisle  and  [[Page H352]]  the leftists across the aisle--will work with Republicans. I hope they  will look at what we produced on the China Task Force and actually get  serious about holding China accountable.   It is time we advanced the ideas that we have in the China Task  Force. The idea is to actually protect Americans and hold the CCP  accountable for their malign behavior.   