 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I rise today to discuss the nomination of  Reta Jo Lewis to serve as the President and Chair of the Ex-Im Bank of  the United States. It is my understanding that we are likely to have a  vote later today on her confirmation, and I want to address this.   And let me start by underscoring why, frankly, I don't think we  should have an Ex-Im Bank, and let me explain why. First of all, let's  start with the Ex-Im's claim about how it does business. The Ex-Im Bank  maintains that, when it provides financing for these transactions that  it engages in, it only takes risks that private lenders are either  unable or unwilling to take.   Now, we ought to stop ourselves right there and say: Well, wait a  minute. If the private sector is not willing to take these risks, why  should we force taxpayers to take these risks--because the Ex-Im Bank  is, of course, backed by American taxpayers. So that is question No. 1.   But it actually gets worse than that. The Ex-Im Bank also insists  that it only makes safe bets; it only engages in very low-risk, safe  transactions. But, of course, it is impossible to do both, right? Ex-Im  can't only take transactions so risky that no one else will do them but  at the same time only do safe transactions. That is an obvious  contradiction, and that is a contradiction that is at the heart of Ex- Im's business model.   So how do they do business? The reason they do business is they  systematically underprice the risk. That is why Ex-Im gets the  transaction instead of the private sector. That is why borrowers go to  Ex-Im instead of any number of private financial institutions that are  happy to offer the deal but only under terms that generate an adequate  return on the risk.   This is why, for instance, the largest, most successful, most  profitable banks in America go to Ex-Im for loan guarantees--because  Ex-Im's terms are too good to be true, at least too good to be true in  the private sector.   Let me just give a very recent example of just how egregious this is.  In 2021, the Ex-Im Bank financed a deal in which they guaranteed an $82  million loan made by JPMorgan, the bank, to Qantas, the Australian  airline, for the purpose of buying jet engines from General Electric.  Now, let's think about this. We have JPMorgan, the largest bank in  America--extremely profitable, enormously successful, all the capital  in the world. We have Qantas, which is one of the most successful and  profitable airlines in the world. They are the largest airline in  Australia. And, of course, General Electric is one of the largest  industrial companies in the world.   Can anybody actually, with a straight face, suggest that any of these  companies can't borrow money privately? Seriously? All three of them  access the capital markets every day. They have access to all the  financing in the world. Yet taxpayers guaranteed this transaction  because it was available. They don't need any subsidy from American  taxpayers, none whatsoever. Yet this is what Ex-Im does.   Now, one of the claims that we hear from Ex-Im and from some  supporters of Ex-Im is that Ex-Im plays an essential role; without  them, we just wouldn't have the exports that we have; we depend on Ex- Im to export products.   Well, the problem with that argument is the vast, overwhelming  majority of American exports are done without Ex-Im. Now, we went back  and looked at the annual export data from 2007 through 2020. In that  period of time, the highest percentage of U.S. exports that were  financed with Ex-Im financing happened to be in 2012. Do you know what  that percentage was? It was 2.3 percent. That is the value of the  exports that were financed by Ex-Im Bank.   And that was, by the way, when Ex-Im had everything going for it. It  was fully operational. It had a quorum on the Board. It had not reached  its lending limit. So it was doing business without constraints. Yet it  does this little, tiny sliver of American exports.    The fact is, we are the second biggest exporting economy in the world  behind China. The United States is No. 2 in total exports of goods. We  are No. 1 in the world in terms of value added, and we do it almost  entirely without Ex-Im financing--at least 97.7 percent in Ex-Im's best  year. So the argument that somehow American exporters need Ex-Im to  survive is patently false.   It gets worse, though. Now Ex-Im wants to expand into domestic  financing. Ex-Im has been tasked by the Biden administration with  developing a new domestic financing program to expand the reach of the  Bank. The proposed domestic financing program would support creating or  expanding domestic manufacturing businesses and infrastructure projects  as long as there is the expectation that some arbitrary portion of the  goods will ultimately be exported.   Can you imagine? So now the Ex-Im Bank is going to provide domestic  financing. Gee, if only we had banks in America. If only we had capital  markets in America so that we could provide financing for these  transactions. No, we need the Ex-Im Bank to do it. We need taxpayers to  go into the domestic banking business, on top of everything else.   It is unbelievable. This isn't just mission creep. This is like  mission sprint. Of course, it completely subverts the congressional  intent. The intent was to match financing that is provided for exports  around the world. This has nothing to do with that. There is no reason  in the world that Ex-Im should be providing domestic financing--none.  We live in the most developed capital markets of the world. We have a  huge, enormously successful banking system. There is absolutely no need  for this. And the only way they will get business is to, once again,  underprice the risk so that taxpayers do not get properly compensated  for the risks that they take.   Now, let me get to the specifics of our nominee. I am concerned that  Ms. Lewis is not going to protect the U.S. taxpayers from this  inherently risky construct. For one example, the Biden administration  has suggested doubling Ex-Im's statutory default cap from 2 percent to  4 percent. So what does this mean? So under current statute, Ex-Im has  got a limit of how much of its balance sheet can be in default. It is 2  percent.   Well, lately, the default rate has been creeping up. In fact, it has  tripled, and it is very close to 2 percent. So the obvious solution is  to do something about the credit quality of the balance sheet, but that  is not the Biden administration's solution. They just want to double  the permissible amount of losses. Well, I have no reason to believe  that Ms. Lewis would object to that at all.  [[Page S586]]  In fact, I suspect she would embrace that.   I am also concerned about the background she brings to this job. Ms.  Lewis does have some experience in international policy, but she does  not have the financial background that should be a prerequisite for  serving as the President of a big bank. And without such a background,  she is going to inevitably rely heavily on Ex-Im's staff. As I said, I  am very concerned that she is going to support this domestic financing  program of the administration.   So for these reasons and others, I am urging my colleagues to vote  against the confirmation of Ms. Lewis as President of the Ex-Im Bank.   I yield the floor.   