 Mr. President, in November of 2017, I spent some time  in western Ukraine, sitting down to be able to have a meal and be able  to talk to a group of Oklahomans from the 45th Infantry of the Oklahoma  National Guard. Some had been in Ukraine since January of that year,  and they were still there in November. They spent the entire year in  2017--the Oklahoma National Guard--training the military of the  Ukrainians. Why? Because Russians, in 2014, had moved into Crimea and  had crossed the border into the eastern part of Ukraine in what is  called the Donbas and taken over two different areas that--they said  there were separatists that were doing it. They were Russian speakers,  so they clearly should be under Russian domination. And they moved in.   It was an entire year that Oklahomans spent with Ukrainians  developing friendships, training them, preparing them for battle  against a very large Army in the Russians. They hoped to be able to  push the Russians out of the eastern side of their country.   And as we sat and visited and talked, they told me about the tenacity  of the Ukrainian fighters, their commitment to their families, and  their commitment to be able to be independent, to  [[Page S766]]  be a separate functioning democracy, to engage with the rest of the  world as any independent sovereign nation would choose to be able to  do. That was 2017.   To Oklahomans, this conversation about Ukraine and the Russians  surrounding Ukraine on three sides is not theory. Some Oklahomans know  the names of Ukrainians that are currently on those front lines. They  served alongside of each other, and they have stayed in contact,  calling them friends. If you go into the Ukrainian Embassy today for  the United States, you will see a picture of some Oklahomans up on the  wall because they remember that group of Oklahomans that came to  Ukraine to help them prepare for a day they hoped would never come and  to be able to be ready to push the Russians out of the eastern part of  their nation.   But today--literally, right now--Ukrainians living on the border,  especially in the north, can literally hear the sound of Russian  artillery practicing just miles away. They have been able to hear that  sound for days and days now as they do live fire exercises just on the  other side of the border. They are seeing that the Russians have  amassed well in excess of 100,000 troops. They gathered troops from  Russia from the far east next to their border with China and had moved  them all the way to the west to be able to surround Ukraine on three  sides with naval forces and with ground forces.   They are very aware the Russians have moved their special operations.  They moved in field hospitals. They are very aware they are doing live  training exercises in preparation. They hope that it is only saber- rattling, but they hear the sound of the guns just a few miles away.   Since hearing from the Russian perspective, even within the last 24  hours, the Russian diplomats have spoken to the BBC just in the last  few hours. And they spoke and said they have no intention of any  aggressive moves, that they are a sovereign nation and that they can  move their forces anywhere they want to be able to move on any inch of  their land, and if they want to put their forces all right there along  the border with Ukraine, that is their sovereign right to do that.   And then they replied back in what must be one of the great Russian  statements of all time: that the West is not reporting that the  Ukrainians have also moved 100,000 troops next to the border with  Russia. They must think the entire world is delusional. A Russian  diplomat called it ``myth'' that the Russians intend to do aggression  and said they would only move into Ukraine if they were provoked.   Now, mind you, U.S. intelligence released publicly just a few days  ago a plot the Russians had, that they already created a film--a movie,  if I can say it that way, a newsreel--that they had staged a Ukrainian  attack on Russians, and it laid out actors that looked as if they were  dead and set up all of these Ukrainian implements from war and these  different vehicles surrounding burned-out Russian tanks so they could  show the world that Ukrainians actually attacked them first, except our  intelligence actually exposed that plan. But the Russians are still  repeating over and over again that they will only attack if they are  provoked, as they work to be able to stage a provocation.   People forget in the world that when the Russians are in Belarus,  they are a half-day drive from Kyiv, but they are also a half-day drive  from where they are stationed right now from Warsaw.   This is a tenuous time. This is not a new moment for the Russians to  act aggressively toward their neighbors. In 2008, Russia invaded the  country of Georgia. In 2014, as I mentioned, Russia annexed Crimea and  moved in. In 2014, they also moved into the Donbas region. During that  time in 2014, Russians--in July of 2014, the Russian 53rd Anti-Aircraft  Brigade launched an anti-aircraft weapon against MH17, a passenger  aircraft flying from Amsterdam to Malaysia--not even coming to Ukraine.  They launched an anti-aircraft weapon against that flight flying over  Ukraine, and the Russians murdered 298 people because they flew over an  area that they were working to be able to overtake.   It is clear, the Russians, in their aggression, and Putin, in his  attempt to make sure the whole world pays attention to him and shows  that he is a powerful man because he can round up the entire world to  be able to look at him when his economy is literally in tatters-- Russia's gross domestic product for the entire country is smaller than  the State of Texas's gross domestic product. Yet, with his nuclear  weapons and disproportionate allocation to his military and his control  of oil and gas in the region, he continues to be able to saber-rattle  and force the world to be able to look at him, the whole while  declaring that he is a sovereign and he can move troops anywhere he  wants to move. But also, by the way, Ukraine is not sovereign enough to  make a decision about their own defense, demanding that Ukraine never  become a member of NATO.    Can I remind the world, NATO is a defensive alliance--a defensive  alliance. The NATO alliance exists--and it is an incredibly successful  alliance--the NATO alliance exists to be able to react if they are  attacked. NATO does not cooperate in attacking anyone. NATO is set up  to defend each other when attacked. Ukraine is not a NATO nation, but  NATO nations surround Ukraine. And we are all extremely aware of  Putin's focus on trying to be able to push out and to recreate the USSR  again.   We should pay attention. We should not pretend this won't affect the  world. We have seen oil prices around the world already accelerate  based on just Putin's actions right now. We have seen that he is trying  to be able to manipulate oil prices for the benefit of Russia but to  the detriment of everyone else. We can see that.   The issue is, what are we going to do about that? How are we going to  actually engage? Well, our Nation has given over $400 million in  assistance to Ukraine every year since 2014, including this year--$464  million in assistance to Ukraine. As I mentioned before, Oklahomans and  multiple others have gone to Ukraine and been able to train their  military for them to be able to defend themselves. We have assisted the  Ukrainian people with counterartillery radars, coastal defensive  implements, geospatial intelligence, counterunmanned aerial system  equipment, electronic warfare, demining equipment, small arms--we have  tried to be able to help the Ukrainians defend themselves.   We need to also speak with a unified voice that if Russia decides  they are going to move across that border into Ukraine, that there are  strong, unrelenting sanctions coming on that nation and that economy  that is smaller than the economy of Texas; that we are keenly aware of  how they survive based on oil and gas sales; and we are well-prepared  to be able to fill in the supply from other nations that are buying  from Russia; that they would be welcome to be able to buy from us or  from any other nation ready to be able to sell to them; to be able to  supplant what Russia is choosing to do; to be able to use energy as a  leverage point on every country in the region to say: Don't respond or  we will cut off your energy.   We need to make it very clear that the world stands with the free  people of Ukraine and we will bring severe consequences on the economy  of Russia that will be long-lasting--not only primary sanctions, but  secondary sanctions. In other words, if individuals choose to be able  to do business with Russia, they have to choose: They can either do  business with Russia or do business with the United States of America.  You can't do both. You have to pick.   With the largest economy in the world, I believe most would rather  work with a free market, a free nation, than to be able to work with an  unstable Russia.   But we should be clear. Russia has gone back on its words in the  Minsk Agreement. Russia has gone back on its word on multiple different  treaty agreements. We cannot trust what they say, but they should be  able to trust what we will do if they choose to attack the free people  of Ukraine.   Let me just say this: I firmly believe that the best thing that we  can do is to work to keep a war from ever starting rather than engage  and try to stop it once it starts. We should speak clearly as a nation.  We should speak clearly from the administration. We should speak  clearly from Congress with a unified, nonpartisan voice that the people  of the United States want to do  [[Page S767]]  what it takes to keep a war from starting so that Europe doesn't see  yet another land war. That is going to take focus from this body.   So what do we need to do? We should make the clear offer that we will  provide energy to the rest of the world, that if Russia cuts them off,  we will rapidly move to be able to fill the gap. We should make it  clear about our primary and secondary sanctions. We should make it  clear on diplomatic channels and in public what we will do. We should  continue to be able to work with our allies to be able to build a  strong coalition and to reaffirm the NATO alliances there. We should  continue to be able to make it very clear to Russia that if they choose  to be able to move into Ukraine, it would be not only economically  disastrous, but NATO is well prepared to be able to defend our  alliance. And we should stand with the people of Ukraine and continue  to equip them as they work to be able to protect themselves.   The people of Ukraine, in the times that I have been there--and I  have been there several times--the people of Ukraine will be glad to be  able to drive you through Kyiv and point out the places where they  fought for their independence. They are a proud people. They do not  want the Russians taking over their country. And they have fought for  their independence once, and they are prepared to fight for it again.  They should know we are prepared to stand next to them.   Let's pray for the people of Ukraine who, right now, hear the guns  practicing on the other side of their border. Let's pray for peace, but  let's also do the work to build the groundwork for peace, as well.   I yield the floor.   