 Madam Chair, I thank the chairwoman for  those kind and generous words. And I do rise in strong support of this  critical legislation. As chairman of the Transportation, and Housing  and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Subcommittee, or T-HUD as  we call it, I first thank my partner and ranking member, Mario Diaz- Balart, for his cooperative and collaborative relationship this year  and for many years prior, including when our roles were reversed.   Madam Chair, the bipartisan work we do in assembling our subcommittee  bills reflects an earlier era when the Appropriations Committee  presented a united front throughout the process. That era, regrettably,  has passed, but the cooperative work remains at the subcommittee level.  What we have done has made this a better bill, and hopefully will help  us achieve agreement eventually and finalize T-HUD and other bills.   Division A of the bill, the T-HUD section, represents our continued  commitment to upgrading our aging transportation infrastructure,  addressing our Nation's affordable housing and homelessness crises,  bolstering our resiliency in the face of climate change and natural  disasters, remedying inequities and disparities in our housing and  transportation systems, and prioritizing safety--whether that is  eliminating hazards in public housing or improving the certification of  aircraft.   Overall, the bill includes $90.9 billion in discretionary funding;  that is an increase of $9.85 billion over the current year.   The bill also provides $77.6 billion to fully fund programs that  utilize the Highway Trust Fund as part of last year's historic and  bipartisan Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act.  [[Page H6736]]    For housing, we continue to ensure housing stability for five million  people by fully renewing all Housing Choice Vouchers and meeting the  renewal needs of public housing, homeless assistance grants, and  several other initiatives. This is coupled with new investments,  including more than 140,000 new tenant-based vouchers for low-income  families and people experiencing or at risk of homelessness, over 5,600  new affordable housing units for seniors and people with disabilities,  and more than 6,700 new vouchers for veterans experiencing homelessness  and youth aging out of foster care.   The bill also provides an 8 percent increase for the HOME program, an  11 percent increase for NeighborWorks programs, and a historic 29  percent increase for Choice Neighborhoods, a program that, like housing  for the elderly and for people with disabilities, our subcommittee has  brought back into production after they were on life support.   I was able to see some of these life-changing investments firsthand  in my own State in Winston-Salem, where I toured a Choice Neighborhood  with my colleague, Kathy Manning. And there are more to come.   Importantly, the bill provides, for the first time, a major  investment in our Nation's manufactured housing, by providing $500  million for a new program to preserve and revitalize this essential  form of housing that has been too long overlooked. Many of these  communities have faced significant infrastructure and resiliency  challenges. This bill recognizes the opportunities that will come from  direct investments in manufactured housing, a portion of our housing  stock that provides for over 20 million people.   On the transportation side, the bill upholds the commitment to  respond to transportation needs across all modes: highways, transit,  rail, aviation, bike and pedestrian projects, and ports. It invests in  the safety and reliability of our passenger and freight rail systems,  including a combined $1.2 billion for the CRISI program and the  Federal-State Partnership for Intercity Passenger Rail. That has been  and remains a signature emphasis of our subcommittee.   I am particularly proud of this aspect of the bill as we build out  the Raleigh to Richmond corridor, the next step in the Southeast  Corridor from Washington to Charlotte and eventually Atlanta. These  regional corridors represent the future of passenger rail in this  country, and they are critical to reducing congestion and lowering  greenhouse gas emissions.   The bill also provides robust funding for our transit infrastructure,  including $3 billion for Capital Investment Grants, or New Starts, to  create new transit routes nationwide, and $646 million for Transit  Infrastructure Grants to help transit agencies innovate and improve  public transit.   Madam Chair, before closing, I, too, thank our staff for their  immeasurable contributions to this bill and for guiding the Members and  staff on both sides of the aisle through this process.   Starting with our wonderful chief clerk, Christina Monroe, as well as  Josephine Eckert, Winnie Chang, Xavier Arriaga, Samhita Subramanian,  and Rachel Keyes, along with Leigh Whittaker on my personal staff, and  Doug Disrud on the minority side.   Since this is my last time presenting the T-HUD bill, I also want to  mention all of the staff who helped me and my colleagues through the  subcommittee process since I took on the ranking member and eventually  the chairman's role. That includes three previous clerks: Kate  Hallahan, Joe Carlisle, Matt Washington; and it includes Angela Ohm,  Sarah Puro, Becky Salay, Jenny Neuscheler, and Gladys Barcena at the  subcommittee, as well as Laura Thrift, Kate Roetzer, Sean Maxwell, and  Nora Blalock from my own staff. A hearty thanks to all of you.   Mr. Chairman, in closing, this year's T-HUD will make forward-looking  investments in our housing and transportation infrastructure while  bolstering safety and uplifting vulnerable populations. It will benefit  communities across America and lay a strong foundation for economic  growth and resiliency.   Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.    Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to sit  up and take notice of this. This is quite an amendment--quite a radical  amendment.   It indiscriminately would cut a total of 36 percent from programs in  Transportation and Housing without any regard for the merits of the  programs, just indiscriminate whacking away.   This is only in the T-HUD section of the bill, and I will limit  myself to that. I can't imagine that Members would dream of supporting  this amendment.   Investments in our transportation and housing infrastructure will  stall. Jobs will be lost. Some of our most vulnerable people, including  veterans, children, will be harmed.   This amendment will result in a reduction--I want to stress--in the  very programs Republicans profess to support. Let me give you some good  examples.   The FAA's Contract Tower Program that enjoyed strong bipartisan  support, critical to air safety--whacked away.   NeighborWorks, which supports local solutions to expand affordable  housing, increased housing counseling assistance, and strengthens  economic development. We increase NeighborWorks under bipartisan  urging--slashed.   Community Project Funding. Republicans and Democrats alike have  requested these appropriations to address transportation and housing  challenges in their local communities. Believe me: If we don't do it,  no one will. Those would be drastically cut.   Port infrastructure, another Republican emphasis--cut.   The amendment would even cut the small amount of defense spending  included in the T-HUD section of the bill: That would be directed to  critical maritime security programs.   Here is what else this amendment would mean the eviction of tens of  thousands of low-income households, half of which are elderly or  disabled, a growing backlog of roof, elevator, and other critical  health and safety repairs to public housing; thousands of homeless  veterans, survivors of domestic violence, youth out on the street; and  a halt in the production of affordable housing, which already is in  short supply.   Roads, bridges, aviation, transit, rail, and port systems across  rural and urban communities--having their repair and upkeep halted or  slowed, becoming less safe.   The bill before us helps us make progress in rebuilding and restoring  our infrastructure. This amendment would take us backward.   It is strange, isn't it, that deficits only seem to matter when it  comes to helping people keep a safe roof over their heads and creating  a more resilient infrastructure that can withstand the next tornado or  earthquake or flood, something every one of our districts benefits  from.   This isn't just a run-of-the-mill amendment. I suggest that Members  look carefully at what is in it and what it would do and what kind of  totally justified criticism they will be subject to if this amendment  even comes close to passing. I urge its defeat.    Mr. Chair, I strongly oppose this  amendment. It seeks to waive longstanding prevailing wage requirements  that are contained in the Davis-Bacon Act.   This act ensures that workers are paid decent wages while preventing  contractors from undercutting competitors by offering wages or setting  wages below prevailing levels.   Davis-Bacon helps protect workers. It helps protect the government.  Davis-Bacon applies government-wide, but it does particularly apply to  the T-HUD sections of the bill. Hence, I strongly oppose it.   I often noted immodestly over these last years when everybody was  talking infrastructure--and ``Infrastructure Week'' almost became a  punch line--that while everybody else was talking about it, we were  doing it. We were doing it on the T-HUD Appropriations Subcommittee and  in the Congress, year after year, plugging away at our infrastructure  needs.   And that is what we have done. We have actually made investments in  the annual T-HUD bill, and these investments are practically synonymous  with construction. That is what they are about. Construction.  Construction workers.   There are countless transportation formula and competitive grant  programs, as well as affordable housing programs in the bill that  follow Davis-Bacon requirements--have done so happily and productively  over many years--and they would suddenly face new standards.   Davis-Bacon has helped construction workers in all trades all  throughout the Nation since 1931, and there is no need to abandon it  now--although Republicans have been trying to abandon it for a good  number of those years.   Instead of actively trying to reduce wages, we should be working to  lift up workers and increase wages. The Congress has rejected similar  amendments in the past because there is a strong bipartisan support in  this body for fair labor standards for construction contracts.   So it is my hope that we stop disrespecting working people. Stop  disrespecting working people. Stand up for working people. Defeat this  amendment before us today.   Mr. Chair, I urge all Members to oppose the en bloc amendment.   