 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for giving us this  opportunity.   We have heard a lot of hypocrisy from President Biden and the  Democrats about oil and gas, about our fossil fuel industry.   We have heard them say that they are going to ``end fossil fuels,  period;'' that the oil and gas industry should no longer have the  ability to even drill to explore; that the only way to save the coral  reefs and the glaciers is to end fossil fuels, and that millions of  people are dying every year because of fossil fuels.   And even though my colleagues on the other side of the aisle weren't  joking, it is hard not to laugh at this absurdity.   Who is buying this baloney?   Who is so blinded by the left and their climate change delusion that  they can't see the hypocrisy in all of this?   If the Democrats got their way, if they really did shutdown the  fossil fuel industry, do they actually understand the real-life  ramifications of that drastic action?   What do you think the Democrats think fuels our construction  equipment, our trucks, our buses, tractors, boats, and trains?   How would they spend their recent trillion-dollar infrastructure  package without diesel fuel?   If Joe Biden keeps his promise to end fossil fuels, life will  certainly become  [[Page H5820]]  awfully challenging for many of us in the 21st century since laptops,  tablets, and credit cards, will no longer be available.   Imagine how Joe Biden's constituents would have felt in 2012 after  Hurricane Sandy raged up through Delaware if they couldn't have gotten  their hands on gasoline-powered electric generators?   Yes, my friends, those generators provided power, thanks to none  other than fossil fuels and their industry.   And as if the baby formula shortage isn't bad enough already, let's  take away their pacifiers too, yet another product of fossil fuels.   The hypocrisy is astounding. Honestly, Joe Biden should be thanking  the fossil fuel industry for protecting him. Thanks to his helmet,  brought to us by fossil fuels, he was shielded from his fall off that  bicycle last week; not to mention the petroleum-made asphalt that  padded his fall and, frankly, even the bicycle itself.    And while this administration tells suffering Americans to just  simply buy Teslas and other electric vehicles, they are conveniently  failing to mention that fossil fuels make brake fluid, turn signals,  tires. And, in fact, they supply the very power that charges our  electric vehicles.   Everything from pens to dog toys, sunglasses to the soles of our  shoes, we still very much need the oil and gas industry. We are  dependent on it, folks.   But if my Democrat colleagues would like to ban leather briefcases  and patio furniture, candles, headsets, and cell phones in the name of  climate change, then good luck. You will only further cripple our  economy and destroy many everyday necessities that you seem to take for  granted.   Oh, don't forget that petrochemicals also are used to make  painkillers, antihistamines, antibiotics, antibacterials, cough syrups,  creams, and ointments. They are also used in heart valves and other  critical lifesaving medical equipment like radiological dyes and films,  intravenous tubing, syringes and oxygen masks.   I would recommend my Democrat colleagues do a little more homework  before they foolishly make enemies of an industry that is involved in  literally every single aspect of our lives.   