 Madam Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   The Defense Department's National Defense Strategy has consistently  included climate change as one of the most critical enduring threats.  The 2022 National Defense Strategy is no exception.   In fact, Secretary Austin, just 8 months ago, called climate change  an existential threat and has said: ``No nation can find lasting  security without addressing the climate crisis.''   Intelligence officials have repeatedly warned that climate change  leads to food and water shortages, ecological degradation, and extreme  weather patterns, conditions that reduce our military readiness, enable  mass population displacement, terrorist activity, and other forms of  violence and conflicts between nations.   In fact, U.S. national security experts have dubbed climate change  disaster response the military's new forever war, and a 2021 Pentagon  report detailed how recent extreme weather has already cost billions of  dollars in damages to U.S. military installations like Florida's  Tyndall Air Force Base, Nebraska's Offutt Air Force Base, and other  military installations as well.   It interrupts our training and our other operations. It is also  projected to undermine bases vulnerable to rising seas, such as Guam  and the Marshall Islands.   This legislation does not necessitate any additional funds, despite  the billions of dollars it costs to our military. It simply requires  the Department of State to establish climate change officer positions  at major U.S. Embassy hubs across the world.   The U.S. State Department already hosts energy and science officers,  but these climate change officers would have environmental issues front  of mind and be responsible for supporting U.S. global efforts to combat  climate change and advance climate solutions.   Currently, there is no individual at these embassies who focuses on  climate change priorities, and I believe that the training provided to  energy or science technology attaches really doesn't equip them with  the tools they need to prioritize and tackle environmental issues.   The imminent, complex, and destructive threat posed by climate change  demands our primary attention. This bill would ensure that our  diplomatic delegations designate personnel whose sole focus is to work  with international partners to combat this common challenge to our  global security.   This is one of DOD's highest priorities, and it is a challenge that  our country can't face alone. Using our existing embassies with their  existing global footprint is an efficient way to plus-up our ability to  tackle this challenge with our international partners.   This amendment is a vital, long-overdue step toward advancing global  geopolitical stability, human and environmental health, and U.S.  national security.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the measure, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Each year we gather and get information from our top security  officials. There are three issues that are existential that are at the  top of the list: nuclear war, pandemics, and climate change. Those are  the big three.   The gentleman from Pennsylvania might have his own opinions, but I  dare say he is far out of step with the priorities of all of our  defense leaders and our top security officials.   In terms of being efficient, this couldn't be more efficient. Instead  of creating new bureaucracies within the Department of Defense, we are  taking an existing framework that is there globally by using our  embassies. We are being more efficient, reducing more expense, and  reducing more bureaucracies in a way to deal with this most important  issue.   Again, I urge all of my colleagues to join with me on this amendment,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, this is an issue that has been reinforced  by this administration, the past administration, the administration  before it. With all due respect to a lot of other people in uniform, in  combat positions and in leadership positions, it has been a consistent  strain of continuous concern.   If you are worried about diverting DOD, this approach shares that  responsibility. In fact, this amendment alone places it all with the  Department of State, in that respect.   Again, some of the arguments you gave really are arguments that I  have, and I think some of the arguments you gave clearly reinforce the  fact that this is an important amendment and should pass.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this, and I yield back  the balance of my time.   