 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to oppose the  Democrats' Federal election takeover. The President just gave one of  his rare press conferences. It was only the second one he actually gave  on American soil.   The White House seems to think that the cure for Joe Biden's poll  numbers is more communications from Joe Biden. And the press conference  went on for 1 hour and 54 minutes.   The White House doesn't have a communications problem. It has an  agenda problem. The American people understand exactly what President  Biden and Senator Schumer and Speaker Pelosi are trying to sell. The  American people aren't buying it.   Democrats don't need a message reset. They need a better agenda for  the Nation. What we are about to vote on tonight has nothing to do with  the priorities of the American people. It has nothing to do with  coronavirus. It has nothing to do with 40-year high inflation numbers  which are biting into the paychecks of the American people. It has  nothing to do with the crisis at the southern border, where 2 million  illegal immigrants have crossed the border this year--criminals among  them, drug smugglers among them, gang members among them. It has  nothing to do with what has driven the President's approval numbers to  an all-time low of 40 percent, which it is today in the Gallup poll.   The Democrats' No. 1 goal, which they stated at the beginning of the  Congress, is to pass a Federal takeover of elections. An election  takeover bill was the first bill they introduced.   Democrats are ignoring what the American people are demanding so that  they can do what their radical fringe is demanding. Democrats want  elections to be run by Washington, DC, instead of the 50 States.   The Constitution is very clear. It says the States run our elections.  Well, why do they want to take over our elections?   Well, Democrats want to do things like banning voter ID laws. Now 80  percent of Americans believe people should have to show a photo ID in  order to vote.   Senator Schumer has already twice tried to cram an election takeover  bill down the throats of the American public. This is the third time.  And, so far, he has failed.   So why? Why has this continued to fail? Not simply because  Republicans oppose it. It has failed because the American people oppose  it.   The American people aren't looking for a Federal Government takeover  of elections. A recent Gallup poll asked people what they think is the  most important issue facing our country. Voting laws didn't crack the  top 20. In fact, voting laws received less than 1 percent of the vote.  It was an asterisk in the results.    Democrats' scare tactics on voting laws have utterly failed. Now  Democrats are so desperate to change our voting laws to their advantage  that they are going to try to break the Senate. That is what they are  doing now. The Senate is supposed to be ``the world's greatest  deliberative body.'' Some Democrats want deliberations to end forever.   Democrats claim they will change our election laws and then they will  stop; one time only; claim they will only rig the game just once. Well,  we all know that is not true. If they can't resist the temptation to  rig the U.S. Senate once, they won't resist the temptation to rig the  rest of the government either.   Once Democrats change the rules, there will be no stopping them from  doing everything they have ever dreamed: pack the Supreme Court, add  new States to the Union, amnesty for illegal immigrants, try to take  away rights guaranteed by the Second Amendment--you name it. If they  can do it, sooner or later, they will.   There is a bill in the Senate right now to add four new Justices to  the Supreme Court. Forty-six Democrats in the Senate have signed on to  a bill for statehood for the District of Columbia. It is almost the  entire Democrat caucus. Democrats have also introduced a bill to give  statehood to Puerto Rico. If these bills become law, Democrats know  they will get four more Democrat Senators permanently.   One change to the Senate rules, and America would have a permanent  one-party rule. Don't take my word for it on amnesty either. Just  months ago, Democrats tried to pass amnesty for 6.5 million illegal  immigrants. That is greater than the population of 32 of our 50 States.  Amnesty of this magnitude would permanently remake our electorate. New  York City has already granted the right to vote to illegal immigrants.  If Democrats break the rules of the Senate in order to change the  rules, they will pass amnesty as fast as they can.   Over the past year, they have gone on record. They have sponsored the  bills. Yet they know they have failed to persuade the American public  to support this agenda. They know they will never have bipartisan  support to pass the radical amnesty for illegal immigrants; never have  bipartisan support to ban voter identification; never have bipartisan  support for taxes and punishing regulations that continue to drive up  the cost of energy; never persuade the American people to support their  radical, extreme, dangerous, and scary agenda. Yet, rather than change  the agenda to comply with what the American people want, the Democrats  want to change the rules. So, desperate for this radical agenda, they  are willing to destroy the Senate.   Democrats have a long list of partisan bills they would like to pass.  All  [[Page S328]]  of these bills have two things in common: They have nothing to do with  improving the lives of the American people, as the American people see  it today, and they give more power to the Democrat politicians in  Washington, DC.   Let me remind my colleagues that there is an election in November. In  the last election cycle, seven Democrats ran for President saying they  would change the rules of the Senate. They all lost. Democrats who said  they would change the rules lost key Senate races in swing States,  including Montana, Maine, and Kentucky.   The American people have spoken loud and clear. They don't want to  see this Democrat power grab. American people want us to focus on their  priorities. It is up to them to tell us what is important to them, and  what we are hearing loud and clear from the American public, it is  coronavirus, it is inflation, it is national security, it is crime, and  it is securing the border--not a bigger power grab for politicians.   The Democrats in this body seem to have forgotten the people they  were elected to serve.   I yield the floor.   