 Mr. Speaker, during deployments and war, the military  incinerated waste in large burn pits. Many contained hazardous  materials that emitted toxic fumes. Our veterans have long suffered  from the practice, but the VA has not been able to adequately recognize  the effects and provide care for those who suffer from such exposures.    To be clear, this is not a benefit. It is a moral obligation to care  for these veterans.   It is not a great bill. Congress has already squandered two decades  trying to do the right thing here. When BP spilled oil and contaminated  the Gulf, their responsibility for cleanup was not optional. Why should  America's government have less responsibility for the harm caused to  our veterans?   It is free to join our military, but for some, service costs  everything. Others return with wounds that are seen and unseen. We must  recognize the cost of war, and the bill for our veterans harmed by  toxic burn pits is long overdue. Please pass this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues that have done a lot  of work on this NDAA. Frankly, it is a huge bill. We are deliberating  on a lot of amendments, and frankly, we are not deliberating on a whole  bunch more that I wish we could debate.   I do want to rise in support of amendment No. 35 offered by  Representative Jacobs which is included in this en bloc package. This  amendment would require the Department of Defense to report which  agencies have purchased or used American location data, phone records,  internet browsing data, and so on. Our amendment does not reveal any  classified information.   Purchasing sensitive data about Americans from data brokers and other  sellers allows the Federal Government to potentially circumvent Fourth  Amendment warrant requirements.   So who is purchasing it is of interest. If it is recruiting command,  to find how to microtarget people the way that probably many of our  campaigns do, that is something different than what a lot of people  fear that it is, that it is part of a surveillance program, and  frankly, warrantless data collection on American citizens.   Media reports from The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, and  others have documented the Department of Defense's purchasing of our  sensitive data. Military intelligence and law enforcement agencies have  the greatest power to abuse this warrantless access to our sensitive  personal and private data.   This transparency measure is a first step toward addressing the  erosion of the Fourth Amendment, and I am proud to have cosponsored  this amendment with Representative Jacobs.   I encourage all of my colleagues to protect our Fourth Amendment  right to privacy.   