 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize west Michigan's  own Grand Valley State University Vice President Matthew E. McLogan,  who for nearly 35 years has delivered unparalleled leadership and  expertise to our region's academic communities.   Originally hired in 1987--I won't mention that that is the year  before I was born--he is the longest serving executive officer in  university history.   Prior to his time at GVSU, Matt was a fixture in broadcast news and  served honorably as Michigan's former public service commissioner with  a booming baritone voice that many of us recognize.   He took the exceptional skill set that he had built in these  professions and brought it to Grand Valley State University. When Matt  joined GVSU and became a Laker, the school's lone campus was home to  just 8,000 students. As of 2022, the Laker community has grown  threefold, boasting over 23,000 students across five locations. Their  technological centers, libraries, and resources are the envy of  competing universities at home in west Michigan and across the Nation.   Having served through the previous four of five university  presidents, Matt facilitated and witnessed firsthand Grand Valley State  University's historic expansion. For years, he has been essential to  the success of Grand Valley's executive leadership, playing a crucial  role in government and alumni relations and the school's marketing  programs and as secretary to the board of trustees.   Matt maintains responsibility for some of the institution's memorable  accomplishments: the university's presence on our famous Medical Mile  in Grand Rapids, the school's unprecedented expansion, and game- changing additions requiring public support.   Matt is known widely throughout the community as one of west  Michigan's best boosters and academic professionals.   It is largely thanks to the leadership and expertise of Vice  President McLogan that GVSU is poised to continue unprecedented growth  for years to come. Matt has brought great fortune to the Lakers, and  there is no doubt that the successes of his leadership have made a  lasting impact on our community.   Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct honor to take this time to recognize  his accomplishments. I applaud Matt for his decades of selfless  leadership and service to the Grand Valley State University community.  I can say with great certainty that his accomplishments will not soon  be forgotten.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. Huizenga),  my colleague and friend from the Second District.   