 Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to join my  colleagues in the House Ukraine Caucus in this strong show of resolve  to keep our focus on what is happening in Ukraine and on its borders.  And I especially want to thank my dear friend, Chair Marcy Kaptur, for  her leadership in organizing this timely event, and the co-chair, Brian  Fitzpatrick, for his strong leadership on this issue and all of the  other Members who are joining today.    I represent one of the most vibrant Ukrainian-American communities in  the United States. And I have spent time with my constituents in  Michigan at memorials and commemorations of the Holodomor, and even  just last weekend at a peace vigil in a Ukrainian church to pray for  peace and for no more war in Ukraine.   The Ukrainian-American community in Metro Detroit and around this  Nation is deeply worried about their family, about their friends in  Ukraine, and what might happen if Russia were to newly invade their  country because we know Russia has already invaded their country.   It is 8 years of Russia invasion and occupation of Crimea and their  interference in the Donbas and eastern parts of Ukraine, and it has  been a really traumatizing time for Ukrainians, obviously, but also for  Ukrainian-Americans.   I have been supportive of the efforts here in the House and by the  Biden administration to focus on both deterrence and diplomacy. I am  proud to cosponsor the Defending Ukraine Sovereignty Act which seeks to  deter Russia by imposing tougher sanctions by providing more defensive  equipment and weapons, and expanding programming to counter Russian  disinformation and cyber activity.   I also want to commend President Biden emphasizing diplomacy to  deescalate tension. Above all, we must avoid a war between the two  largest nuclear powers. I appreciate how much he has worked to unify  all of our European allies behind this effort, and I appreciate the  leadership of those European allies in pushing for a peaceful  resolution to this situation.   Mr. Speaker, I am glad to join with my colleagues today and to share  this commitment to helping the Ukrainian people, and I am hopeful that  our work in the Congress, coupled with measures taken by the Biden  administration, will ultimately prevent more conflict from breaking  out. But we have got to make it very, very clear to Vladimir Putin that  he will get exactly what he doesn't want if he insists on attacking  Ukraine further.   He has said he wants less NATO involvement in the eastern reaches of  the alliance, and his aggression and his provocation is causing just  what he says he doesn't want. So I am hopeful that diplomacy can carry  the day, but we have to be ready with all measures of deterrence to  prevent an attack, and we have to be--even though it doesn't make sense  to implement sanctions in advance, it definitely makes sense that we be  very clear with Putin and the oligarchs and the people around him just  as Representative Fitzpatrick said, that we will implement a broad  array of sanctions, by far, the harshest array of sanctions that we  have ever arrayed against them.   Before I yield back, Congresswoman Kaptur, I just wanted to share  that when I was at my most recent event in the community in Michigan, I  said--and Congresswoman Spartz, I want to say this to you because I  haven't had a chance to talk to you about this idea--let's organize a  vigil at the Holodomor Memorial here near Union Station when we are  back to stand in solidarity with the people of Ukraine.   Let's get as many Members of Congress there as we can. That idea  seems to be taking off with the Ukrainian-American community. So I hope  we will soon have a date when we can announce an event there where we  can show our solidarity with the people of Ukraine.   Lord knows, we love Ukraine. It is an independent country that  deserves to have its own borders respected and where the people deserve  to democratically determine their own future and, Congresswoman Kaptur,  we are never going to give up on our commitment to those principles.   