 Madam Speaker, I often think it is  helpful to think about what Americans must be thinking as they watch  debates here on this floor.   In this instance, I am sure that Americans think, as Mr. Massie  suggested, and as I just have been thinking and was thinking in our  markup: Aren't we already doing this? Aren't there alert systems that  go out all the time for times when a child has been abducted, an  elderly person has gone missing, all sorts of things?   Sure enough, Federal, State, and local officials already use the  Integrated Public Alert and Warning System, IPAWS, to alert the public  to emergency situations. Government officials use the IPAWS Wireless  Emergency Alert, the WEA--a lot of acronyms, sure; it is government--to  send emergency alerts to mobile devices and use the Emergency Alert  System, EAS, to alert media platforms.   According to FEMA, ``Imminent threat alerts include natural or human- made disasters, extreme weather, active shooters, and other threatening  emergencies that are current or emerging.''   So, wait a minute, active shooters are already specifically covered  by FEMA under the existing alert system? So, what is going on?   A hint emerged in our committee markup when the gentleman from  California (Mr. Issa) offered an amendment to broaden the name of the  bill, not just to cover active shooters. The gentleman from Rhode  Island (Mr. Cicilline) opposed the amendment--not only opposed it, but  he termed Mr. Issa's proposal offensive. Now, we are getting to it.   The gentlewoman from Pennsylvania (Ms. Dean), who spoke a moment ago,  called it gun legislation. An alert system is gun legislation?   It comes down to another messaging opportunity--doesn't it?--the  yearning to sensationalize an admittedly awful problem. But I have to  say to my fellow Members of the House of Representatives,  sensationalizing this problem is not a solution to it.   The examples given by Ms. Dean on the floor today she herself said  reflected her desire for radical change, but all of her examples  avoided the topic at hand, this alerting system.   How would a redundant emergency alerting system of national scope  have impacted the Juneteenth day shooting on 14th Street here in the  District of Columbia or the shooting last week, a gang-related shooting  in Philly? How would an alerting system have changed that?   Here is what I would say to the Members on the other side: You are  still not grappling with the real issue. The Juneteenth shooting did  not occur because the existing public alerting systems were inadequate  nor because, in fact, guns are available or even prevalent, as they  have always been in the United States since its founding.   If you do not address what has changed, your efforts will only grow  government and reduce freedom.   Mr. Cicilline just said, well, small police departments don't have  the resources to access alerting systems or to learn about best  practices. Really? I was in the State legislature in North Carolina. I  know what resources we made available.    Madam Speaker, we would never fail to  make available--and it is not beyond the resources of any State in this  Union--public alerting systems and to consider such issues as whether  or not we wish to activate vigilantes who might respond to such an  alert.   This makes no sense. You are not grappling with the issue. For that  reason, this is not the answer. It should be defeated.   