 Mr. President, the Biden administration spent the end  of last week boasting that our economy added back more jobs in January  than some economists had predicted, but American families aren't buying  their spin.   The working men and women of this country know painfully well that  the Biden administration's economy is failing them. One typical recent  survey showed a majority of Americans disapprove of the President's job  performance, and Democrats' poor handling of the economy is a major  factor.   So let's be clear. The country was always--always--guaranteed to add  back jobs following the 2020 COVID recession. The Biden administration  did not create the vaccines, it did not create this milder variant, and  it is not owed particular credit for the fact that our economy is  continuing to climb out of the crater caused by the 2020 lockdowns.   Our trajectory of adding back jobs has stayed remarkably consistent  from late 2020 up through today. Job growth under President Biden has  just kept bumping along the trajectory that he inherited-- notwithstanding that Democrats blew trillions of dollars on supposedly  job-creating policies in the meantime.   There has been no noticeable acceleration in job growth relative to  the baseline that was forecast before Democrats took power, but  inflation, on the other hand, has absolutely soared relative to those  forecasts. Consumer prices exploded by 7 percent in 2021--the worst  inflation in 40 years. More than 80 percent of Americans say the cost  of everyday goods have shot up, and two-thirds disapprove of the job  President Biden is doing to help their wallets.   Even though American workers have been earning pay raises, inflation  is leaving them with less purchasing power than they had in the first  place. Once you factor in inflation, the average American has gotten a  2-percent  [[Page S550]]  real pay cut--cut--under Democratic policies. According to one  calculation, only in one single sector across the entire economy did  wage growth outpace inflation last year. That was leisure and  hospitality, as those incredibly hard-hit sectors rebounded from their  especially nightmarish 2020. Everyone else, on average, got a pay cut.   The average retail worker got an inflation pay cut; same with miners  and loggers--inflation pay cuts. Construction workers, manufacturing  workers, and transportation workers got inflation pay cuts, and on and  on. Americans know that Democrats' failed policies are the reason.   