 Mr. President, a year ago, thousands of supporters of then- President Donald Trump--marching under banners supporting secession,  conspiracy theories, and White supremacy--violently stormed the U.S.  Capitol and breached the Senate and House Chambers in the hopes of  overturning a free and fair election in which 7 million more Americans  voted for President Biden. There was, of course, no proof and no truth  to the claims of aberrant voting that Mr. Trump invented in order to  fuel the mob.   The assault on the Capitol was an attack on the United States and on  democracy itself. We have the brave men and women of the U.S. Capitol  Police to thank for defending the country against what can accurately  be called an insurrection, and while the assault failed that day,  thanks to the efforts of these officers and their partners from  neighboring jurisdictions, an insidious campaign against our democracy  continues through the baseless lies and antics of the former President  and his associates.   Mr. Trump set the events of January 6 in motion when he refused to  say that he would accept the results of the November 2020 election, and  he continued to value his ego over our democracy when he urged the mob  to march to the Capitol and disrupt the election certification process.  He repeatedly lied that the election he lost by 7 million votes had  somehow been stolen, when the facts and the courts demonstrated that  was clearly not the case.   Stoked by his vitriol, Mr. Trump's supporters used pipes and  flagpoles to brutally beat police officers. Some of the attacks were  also directed at or were planned to be directed at our own Members in  both the House and the Senate, and anyone who refused to subvert the  election was a target of the insurrectionist mob. That included Mr.  Trump's own Vice President, Vice President Mike Pence. Mr. Trump, who  lit the fuse and stood by, his actions sent a demoralizing signal to  billions around the world as they watched his supporters assault the  Capitol.   One year ago today, the U.S. Capitol Police, Federal, State, and  local law enforcement partners, and the National Guard physically  cleared the Capitol Building and grounds. The House of Representatives  impeached Mr. Trump for his actions. Yet most of my Senate Republican  colleagues made the tortured arguments that his actions were  reprehensible but not technically impeachable. As a result, the  democratically defeated former President continues his rhetorical  assaults through lies and misinformation. He would rather rip our  country apart and undermine our elections and democracy rather than to  accept the will of the American voter.   The bipartisan House Select Committee on the January 6 Attack on the  U.S. Capitol is working tirelessly to get to the truth of that day. It  is methodically collecting and following the evidence despite there  being a lack of cooperation from Mr. Trump and his inner circle. The  committee must continue to be transparent, and we must all continue to  call out the repeated lies of Trump and his enablers.   Every American, regardless of party affiliation, who believes in the  right to vote and in upholding the Constitution, should want the truth  about January 6 to come out. Congress must rise to the occasion. The  stakes could not be any higher. Because of the former President's  actions a year ago and his relentless lying since then, a significant  minority of Americans now indicates that violence is an acceptable way  to resolve political disagreement. We cannot afford to have such a  sentiment persist. Together, we must accept the truth, restore trust in  one another, and take steps to improve political discourse.   One step we must take is to honor the officers of the Capitol Police,  not just with our words but with real support. Last year, we passed a  supplemental appropriations bill that provided over $107 million in  additional funding, including roughly $35 million for overtime,  retention bonuses, hazard pay, and student loan repayments for  officers. It also provided critical funding to address the trauma  experienced by our officers and helped support their mental health  needs. But we can't stop there. We have to continue in this fiscal  year, 2022, to support our police and to continue to support those who  protect us.   I am afraid, if we don't quickly resolve our differences, that we  could fall into the state of a continuing resolution, which would  actually deny our police--the Capitol Police--and our security forces  the tools they will need not only to protect us and protect themselves  but also to sustain their morale and their mental health. So I hope we  can make progress, at least on that point, of reaching a budget  agreement on behalf of the men and women who protect us and who  literally, on that day, gave their lives for us.   Now, in addition to that, we have a critical role to play when it  comes to safeguarding the rights of the American voter. We have before  us the John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act and the Freedom to Vote  Act ready for passage. We have the opportunity, and the time is now. I  continue to urge my colleagues, both Republicans and Democrats, to work  together to swiftly pass these critical voting rights bills  [[Page S64]]  that are needed to protect our elections and our democracy.   We must bolster the security, accessibility, and transparency of our  elections in order to mend the wounds of January 6 and begin to heal as  a nation, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.   I yield the floor.   