 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding me this time.   Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the SBIR and STTR Extension Act.  This bill is extremely timely, as the authorizations for these programs  expire in just a few days.   I am pleased that the bill we are considering today represents a  bipartisan, bicameral agreement that provides both small businesses and  agencies clarity by reauthorizing the programs for another 3 years.   The SBIR and STTR programs play an important role in our innovation  economy. Through these programs, research agencies provide  opportunities to small businesses who are then able to leverage  private-sector funding to propel research forward.   The programs incentivize economic growth in two ways: They support  entrepreneurship and job creation at small businesses across the  country. They also support high-risk research to drive breakthrough  technologies that make America more competitive.   These programs are a notable example of how public-private  partnerships can provide value and stimulate innovation. Importantly,  this reauthorization includes several reforms to the programs that are  priorities for Republican Members, including: Protecting our research  enterprise, bolstering transparency and oversight, and focusing on  successful commercialization.   I am pleased that this reauthorization includes strong due diligence  measures that each agency with an SBIR or STTR program must enforce.  These safeguards build on the bipartisan research security framework  that the Science Committee has championed.   Additionally, an increased focus on transparency and oversight of the  programs will bolster public transparency, safeguard taxpayer dollars,  and provide more opportunities to new small business applicants.   I thank my colleagues on the House Small Business Committee for  working with me to reach this bipartisan agreement, and, in particular,  I thank Ranking Member Luetkemeyer for his leadership throughout the  process.   As always, many thanks to my Chairwoman, Eddie Bernice Johnson, for  her tireless work to ensure that the Science, Space, and Technology  Committee remains a bipartisan, productive committee focused on  legislating.   The SBIR and STTR programs are vital to our research enterprise,  especially as we strive to maintain American leadership and technology.  I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   