 Mr. Speaker, I also rise to oppose the previous  question on the rule so that we can immediately consider H.R. 6858 to  reverse the Democratic policies that have deliberately created the  highest gasoline prices ever suffered in this country.   I remember the 1970s, when America was dependent on foreign oil. OPEC  cut back production, and the government tried to hide the price hikes  by fiat, just as the Democrats now propose. The result was mile-long  lines at gas stations, odd and even rationing days, and an economic  recession.   Under the Republican policies of Donald Trump, America achieved  something that seemed impossible in those days: American energy  independence. Under Republican policies, we were producing more oil  than Saudi Arabia. We were producing more oil than Russia. The average  price of gas was a little over $2 a gallon.   Now this time, OPEC didn't cut back on foreign production; the  Democrats cut back on American production. They canceled the Keystone  pipeline that today should have been pumping 830,000 barrels of oil  every day into the American economy. They suspended oil and gas leasing  on Federal lands. Just last week, they withdrew drilling leases  covering a million acres in oil-rich Alaska and the Gulf of Mexico.   Now, the left has said for years they wanted to raise gas prices to  get people out of their cars and to end American fossil-fuel  production. Well, good job, Democrats. Mission accomplished. The price  of a gallon of gas hit an all-time record this morning of $4.52 a  gallon. In the people's republic of California, it is now $6.02 a  gallon, something to look forward to. Welcome to the world of scarcity,  the world of Democratic socialism.   The fact is, our energy crisis is self-induced, and it won't change  until the zealots directly responsible for it are turned out of office.  For example, watch the vote on the previous question on this rule. If  it fails, Republicans will immediately bring to the floor a measure to  reverse these disastrous policies. H.R. 6858 will greenlight the  Keystone pipeline. It will fast-track leasing and permits to restore  American production and independence. It will fast-track LNG facilities  stalled under this administration. In short, it will restore the  Republican policies that produced the affordable and plentiful gasoline  that we took for granted just a few short years ago.   But the sad fact is, we don't have the votes to bring this measure to  the floor, although we will try. That is up to the American people to  change.   Do you want to know who the real price gougers are? They are the  Democrat majority sitting on the other side of this aisle. If you voted  for them, this is exactly what you voted for. If you are surprised by  that, you weren't paying much attention. The good news is, you can  correct that mistake this November.   