 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arkansas for  yielding, and I thank everyone who has had a hand in taking time to  create this bill, to create this Congressional Gold Medal, to recognize  the limited number of World War II Army Rangers that we have still  alive with us today, and, frankly, to honor the service of each and  every one of them.   The heroism and legacy of the Army Rangers go back to the  Revolutionary War. Since we have fought, we have recognized the Ranger  tactics and Ranger units that inspired the creation of the Rangers in  World War II. So it is an incredible honor to have gotten the chance to  complete the school and to serve in the 75th Ranger Regiment.   After the Civil War, more than half a century passed without formal  Ranger units in America. Mr. Hill just highlighted the history of how  that was created, but from their very first engagements in North  Africa, it was clear the difference that they could make on the  battlefield.   The 3rd and 4th Ranger Battalions were trained in Africa by Darby. It  is hard to think that such a young man who lost his life, gave his life  in battle for our country, created such a legacy that has continued  today. They began a tradition of wearing the scroll at  [[Page H4741]]  that time, and it has officially been adopted by today's Ranger  battalions.   The Second and Fifth Ranger Battalions participated in the D-day  landings on Omaha Beach, Normandy, at Pointe du Hoc, and that is where  the motto formally was coined: ``Rangers Lead the Way.''   They conducted missions, to include scaling cliffs there, overlooking  Omaha Beach. They destroyed German gun emplacements, and they trained  fires on the beachhead.   The 6th Ranger Battalion operated in the Philippines. Our colleague  already highlighted their famed largest rescue of more than 500 POWs in  that battle.   The 75th Ranger Regiment owes its heritage to the China-Burma-India  theater as Task Force Galahad on October 3, 1943. It was during the  campaigns in the China-Burma-India theater that the regiment became  known as Merrill's Marauders after its commander, Major General Frank  Merrill.    Madam Speaker, the Ranger battalions were deactivated  at the end of World War II, and we know of all their achievements since  then. But it is fitting that we take this Gold Medal as an opportunity  to honor the service of our World War II Army Rangers.   