 We have gotten used to singing duets together. It is good  to be with you. Thanks to each of you for your service.   I am Derek Kilmer. I represent the west coast of Washington State, a  little north of Jaime.   About every 20 or 30 years or so, Congress realizes things aren't  working the way they ought to, and they create a committee to look at  potential reforms. The Select Committee on the Modernization of  Congress is the most recent iteration of that.   The title of the committee makes it sound like we are the IT help  desk, but we have been nicknamed the ``fix Congress committee,'' which  usually either causes people to giggle or offer to pray for us.   Pretty much under the radar for the last 4 years, our committee has  been focused on a single mission, which is to make Congress work better  for the American people.   I served as chair. Tom Graves was the vice chair in the last Congress  and William Timmons in this Congress. It has been a truly bipartisan  effort.   I say that in part because the rule that established our committee  set it up with six Democrats and six Republicans and a requirement that  a two-thirds vote was required to pass any recommendations. As of last  month, our committee very quietly passed more than 200 recommendations,  all focused on making Congress work better.   Some of them are on pretty wonky things, issues like how we make sure  that Congress is a more modern institution that uses technology better.  Congress has been described as an 18th century institution using 20th  century technology to solve 21st century problems. That is pretty apt,  so some of our recommendations have been focused in that regard.   A lot of our recommendations, despite the fact that it wasn't one of  our assignments, have been geared toward trying to make this a place  where there is more civility and collaboration. Our committee brought  in management consultants and organizational psychologists, and we  thought about consulting an exorcist to figure out how to make this a  place that functions better.   We made about a dozen recommendations in that regard, everything from  having committees do bipartisan planning retreats to having the  institution do a bipartisan retreat and to changing how orientation is  done so it is not so segregated by party.   I think every one of you former Members will acknowledge that part of  the success of the institution depends on staff, on having talented  people who work in this institution. Unfortunately, because this place  hasn't sufficiently invested in our staff, we see a massive turnover,  so a number of our recommendations were geared toward having this be a  place that can recruit and retain and have a more diverse staff.   I thank the FMC for being partners in this undertaking. We have had  some of you testify at hearings. We have had your sort of subcommittees  geared toward the same topics that we were interested in.   If I can go from the rearview mirror into the windshield, we are not  done. About two-thirds of our recommendations have either been  implemented or are on the path to implementation, but we are going to  have to kind of keep pushing the institution to make change. Each one  of you, as stewards of the institution, I think, has a role to play in  that regard.   On top of that, in terms of the future of this work, our committee  will go away. Having said that, it appears that there will be a select  subcommittee on House admin to focus on implementation of the  recommendations.   We also made a recommendation that it shouldn't take another 20 or 30  years before Congress takes up the subject of reform again. So, one of  our recommendations was, every three or four Congresses or so, Congress  ought to do a committee like this just to make sure that there is  constant focus on improving the institution.   We have had extraordinary partnerships, including with some of your  Members and some of your soon-to-be Members, Ed Perlmutter, as well,  who have been just terrific partners in this undertaking.   I will say one other thing, and then I will kick it over to William.  Throughout the course of this work, I kept thinking about a comment  made by former Secretary John Gardner. He talked about the importance  of stewardship of an institution, and he said it was important for  those who care about an institution to be loving critics of it, that it  would be a mistake to  [[Page H9701]]  be an uncritical lover because it denies an institution of the life- giving drive toward improvement. And it is important not to be an  unloving critic that just treats the institution like the pinata at the  party and bashes it with an eye toward destruction, not improvement.   I thank the FMC and each of you because I think the manner through  which you have engaged our committee has very much been through that  lens of being loving critics of this institution which you served, and  I thank you for that.   