 Mr. President, I rise to urge my colleagues to join me in  confirming Lisa Cook to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve  System.   Dr. Cook hails from the Presiding Officer's home State of Georgia.  She grew up in Milledgeville, GA, where my mother's college roommate-- during World War II, before she moved to Washington to be part of the  war effort--was a roommate of my mother who is from Mansfield, GA, as  the Presiding Officer knows. She roomed with someone from  Milledgeville, GA.   Lisa Cook has good smalltown values, good southern values. She now  teaches at a great Midwestern State university with good midwestern  values.   She is unquestionably qualified, an economist with many years of  experience. She is a graduate of Spelman. She was a Truman Scholar in  England, something that very few Americans qualify for. It is a very  small, elite, important program. She then got her Ph.D. at Berkeley.   She brings a breadth of research and international experience on  monetary policy, on banking, and on financial crises. In fact, she is  one of the country's leading researchers on international economic  growth and innovation economics.   Dr. Cook currently serves as a dual-tenured professor of economics  and international relations at Michigan State. She previously taught at  the Kennedy School of Government. She served on the Council of Economic  Advisers during the eurozone crisis and at the Department of Treasury.   She is a historic nominee. If confirmed, she would be the first Black  woman ever in the more than 100-year history of the Fed. Think about  that. In 1913, the Federal Reserve began, created by this body and the  House of Representatives, signed by President Wilson. So in 109 years,  seven Governors on the Fed--most stay no more than 5 or 6 or 7 years-- and she will be the first Black woman to ever serve on the Federal  Reserve.   I am thrilled about this nomination. I am thrilled because of the  diversity of gender and race but also--maybe especially--the diversity  of experience. She knows, in her recognition, that workers should be at  the center of our economy. She knows that workers drive our economic  growth. She knows how important local communities are. She spent her  formative years in the South and a significant portion of her career in  the industrial Midwest. She has seen how the economy works and  sometimes doesn't work so well for all different kinds of people in  different parts of the country.   She arrived on campus in East Lansing, MI, a few years before the  financial crisis. She saw its impact on the students, the professors,  the entire community. She takes that with her--that experience, that  knowledge, that insight--to the Federal Reserve.   That is an unusual thing for a Fed Governor. She has made it clear  she is dedicated to Fed independence. She will uphold the Fed's dual  mandate of maximum employment and price stability.   Her nomination represents another example of the Biden  administration's serious effort to make the economy work for everyone,  not just those at the top. That is what especially makes her an  outstanding nominee.   It is a critical time for the Fed. We need Dr. Cook and other  qualified nominees on the job immediately to fight inflation. Dr. Cook  is unquestionably qualified. She possesses bipartisan support from top  economists, former Fed Governors, bankers, civil rights organizations.   Yet despite her broad support, a small but loud minority have wrongly  claimed that she doesn't meet the standards for this position,  standards that only seem to apply for certain nominees.   Still, she has met and she has exceeded those high bars. She is a  Ph.D. economist and a tenured professor. She is sought by organizations  around the world for her input, for her knowledge, for her wisdom, for  her perspective. She will bring a critical voice to the Fed, one that  has been missing for far too long.   I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting Dr. Lisa Cook's  nomination and getting her on the Board right away to help with our  economic recovery.   I yield the floor.   