 Mr. President, 2 years ago this month, things started  shutting down due to COVID. We shut down the American economy;  basically, 22 million people, all of a sudden, were unemployed. I think  we learned a lot in the last 2 years, and if we have another pandemic,  I don't think we would do it that way again. I think we have learned a  lot from mistakes, and a lot of bad mistakes resulted from that  decision.   So, in March 2020, employees were furloughed or sent home to work  from home; schools were closed; events were canceled. Everyone was told  to stay home.   Now, 2 years later, a lot has changed in the fight against COVID.  Tests and treatments have been developed. Anyone who wants a vaccine  can get one. High-quality masks are available free for anyone who  chooses to wear a mask. Those masks protect the one wearing it,  regardless of the choices of others around them, whether they make a  choice to wear a mask or not. Restaurants, theaters, and sports venues  are filling back up again. Demand for air travel is above prepandemic  levels.   Yet our Federal Government remains frozen in time, operating as if it  were still the spring of 2020. Federal Agencies remain shuttered to the  taxpayers who fund it. Expensive office buildings in downtown DC are  sitting deserted. Fifty percent of the executive branch workforce is  still working remotely, and most have no plans to return to the office.   Some Agencies, such as the Veterans' Administration, had previously  announced efforts to return to in-person work. Those plans have been  indefinitely postponed. The U.S. Capitol Building, where we are right  now, is closed to the public, despite nearly every State capitol  building in the country finding a way to reopen.   Federal employees are here, as we all know, to serve the taxpayers.  Agencies like the Veterans' Administration, the Internal Revenue  Service, and Social Security Administration that are responsible for  processing benefits and tax refunds need to be fully operational. It is  pretty plain and simple.   The U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service offices, located in  every Iowa county and most counties in most States, are responsible for  signing up farmers for the Conservation Reserve Program and for crop  insurance. Right now, those county offices are the busiest as farmers  prepare for the upcoming crop year. These county offices still require  employees to work from home. The U.S. Department of Agriculture  employees have to meet with farmers to go over detailed maps of their  land, making it nearly impossible even with video calls. I have  received letters from farmers and USDA employees alike who are  frustrated that they can't have in-person meetings.   We all know that backlogs persist across the Federal Government and  show no signs of abating. The National Personnel Records Center,  responsible for providing service records to veterans seeking their  benefits, has not been fully staffed since March of 2020. They have a  backlog of records. Those requests are so massive that it would take  years to correct. For 2 years now, the Agency has been processing  emergency requests only while the other requests just pile up. This  Agency needs employees in the office to function. They are currently  staffed at just 25 percent capacity. They have announced that they will  not return to full operational status until ``the public health  emergency has ended.''    Now, who knows when that will happen?   I guess veterans waiting to finish their application for benefits  will just have to wait as well.   Now, we know the abysmal record of the IRS. It only answered 9  percent of its calls, and those are called customer support calls. They  are already warning that this tax filing season is going to be a mess  for those filing, and there is still a backlog of unprocessed returns  from last year. Yet thousands of IRS employees remain out of the  office.   Those trying to become U.S. citizens have been stuck in limbo for  years. Records that the USCIS needs to process their applications are  locked in the Federal records centers which are only open 25 percent of  capacity.   Even a few Agencies that have announced a plan to return to in-person  work are not acting with any sense of urgency. The Social Security  Administration announced the reopening of field offices in April. So I  guess they figure those who have already been waiting for 2 years can  wait another 2 months.   My staff who help Iowans with their casework told me that the average  number of days to get assistance from a Federal Agency has doubled now  to 335 days. It takes almost a year to get an issue with a Federal  Agency resolved. This is completely unacceptable.   In the spring of 2020, it seemed as if there was no choice. Caution  at that time was warranted. But I might remind the heads of Federal  Agencies that even at that time, millions of Americans did not work  from home. We saw it on television all the time, and it is still a  problem in a lot of places--not enough nurses, doctors. But regardless,  they didn't work from home. Nurses, doctors, and first responders still  went to work in person. Employees at grocery stores, delivery drivers,  and warehouse workers still showed up to work in person at the height  of this pandemic, when nobody really knew what was all involved. For  millions of Americans, working from home was never an option. Their  jobs were essential and  [[Page S969]]  they continued to work to keep our society and economy functioning.   While some Federal employees may be able to do their job effectively  from home, the persistent lack of responsiveness from Federal Agencies  make it clear that not all can work from home.   It is certainly not acceptable to tell taxpayers that they must wait  for services that they need because those in charge are too skittish to  make a return-to-work plan. It is past time for Agencies and their  heads to set a date for employees to return to serving the people in  person.   That is why I was very glad to join Senator Wicker in an introduction  of a bill that he calls, by the acronym, the RETURN Act, which would  require Agencies to share their plans to bring back the workforce  within 30 days. I would urge my colleagues to support this bill and get  the government back to work.   I also urge President Biden--and when I bring up the name ``President  Biden,'' don't forget that some of this stuff started under the Trump  administration and continues today, so this is not just a Democratic  problem when I say President Biden. But I also urge President Biden,  now in charge, to follow the example of Iowa's Governor Reynolds and  show leadership on this matter. Iowa schools have been fully open in  Iowa for more than a year. Governor Reynolds has ended the State's  public health disaster emergency proclamation. This doesn't mean  ignoring the spread of COVID-19 going forward. Of course, there should  be accommodation for those at high risk, but there is absolutely no  justification for maintaining a state of emergency as if it were still  March of 2020.   Taxpayers have a right to have their government be responsive.  Americans are back to work. It is time for the Federal Government to  catch up.   I yield the floor.   