 Mr. Speaker, I, for many, many decades, have  had a strong and very deep commitment to the people of the Republic of  Georgia. As a matter of fact, after Russia invaded South Ossetia and  Abkhazia in 2008, I traveled to Tbilisi, and spent a week there, with a  people at war.   As it turned out, there were three young people from my district who  were stuck behind enemy lines. One being held up in and very fearful in  Abkhazia, and two who were in South Ossetia. And when I went, several  Members of Congress gave me names of people that were also behind the  South Ossetia and Abkhazia Russia-dominated lines. It was very tense,  with Chechens walking around with guns, drunk and committing  atrocities. We were all concerned.   Within a week or so, we got all of the children out. We worked with  the OSCE mission there, we worked with the International Committee of  the Red Cross, and with the French, who had the chair in office that  year for the European Union. That ambassador actually traveled to the  place where the two children in South Ossetia were, put them in his  car, and brought them to safety.   So, Georgia and the importance of our strong friendship with the  Georgian people,  [[Page H4536]]  and their heroic resistance to Russia, has always been close to my  heart.   And also, I note that past is prologue.   The same justifications Putin used for invading Crimea--that they  were going in to liberate Russians--was the exact same pretext used in  Georgia. What a lie and deception that was and is. Putin simply seeks  to reconstitute the Soviet empire under himself.   So I'm very supportive of the intent behind the legislation.   I had offered an amendment at markup, which was voted down on  strictly partisan lines, which I believe would have made this  legislation more precise and also improved its chance for passage in  the Senate.   Simply put, I had offered an amendment that would have replaced the  vague and imprecise ``serious human rights abuses'' language with the  phrase ``Gross violations of internationally-recognized human rights,''  which has a long-standing, defined meeting in U.S. law, as codified in  the Foreign Assistance Act, 22 U.S.C. 2304(d)(1).   To wit, ``gross violations of internationally recognized human  rights'' includes ``torture or cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or  punishment, prolonged detention without charges and trial, causing the  disappearance of persons by the abduction and clandestine detention of  those persons, and other flagrant denial of the right to life, liberty  or the security of the person.''   The reason this is relevant is because recently, our colleagues  across the aisle sought to import the imprecise ``serious human rights  abuses'' language into the Global Magnitsky Act, and again had rejected  offers to negotiate compromise language that would have tied such  abuses to specific treaties the United States had ratified, such as the  International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and the Convention  Against Torture.   As a result, that held up passage of the Global Magnitsky Act, which  otherwise had broad bipartisan support in the Senate, and caused a  stalemate until the parties agreed to revert to the previous,  precisely-defined ``gross violations of internationally-recognized  human rights'' language.   Similarly, this Georgia bill otherwise enjoys broad bipartisan  support, but for the vague and imprecise formulation, which now will  likely have to be fixed in the Senate.   I also note that I had tried to find a solution which could have kept  the ``serious human rights abuses'' language, but would have tied it to  abuses that were specified elsewhere in the legislation so as to avoid  vagueness, namely ``detentions, kidnappings, and other human rights  violations committed in the Georgian regions of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali  Region/South Ossetia forcibly occupied by the Russian Federation  including [] recent killings' and similar violations of human rights.''   My colleagues across the aisle, I anticipate will again say that we  have used ``serious human rights abuses'' in other country- and region- specific legislation. Leaving aside the fact that that was before the  recent attempted Global Magnitsky partisan end run, I would also point  out that ``serious human rights abuses'' were tied to specific abuses  specified in the legislation at issue.   Thus in past legislation we called out ``serious abuse or violation  of human rights against persons associated with the protests in  Nicaragua that began on April 18, 2018,'' or ``serious human rights  abuses connected with forced labor'' in Xinjiang.   That was all that we were asking for here--either adopt a precise  statutory definition, ``gross violations of internationally-recognized  human rights,'' or tie ``serious human rights abuses'' to what is  specified in the legislation.   But instead, we got a party line vote and a raw exercise of power,  marring what should have been a unified statement of support of the  Republic of Georgia and opposition to the butcher Vladimir Putin.   I have been in Congress for over 40 years. I have been in the  minority, and I have been in the majority. On bills like this, we used  to try to find unity.   I am sad to say that the raw exercise of political power that we have  seen with regard to both the Global Magnitsky bill and this Georgia  Support Act, and the unwillingness to seek compromise in the face of  legitimate concerns that an ideologically-driven administration could  use vague language to pursue an agenda that is not shared by over half  the country, has disappointed me.   I am not going to oppose this bill, given the larger context of  support for the oppressed people of Georgia. Majorities come, and  majorities go. I wish that my colleagues across the aisle had been  willing to compromise and find common ground, but they did not.   With passage, it is on to the Senate.    Mr. Speaker, I wish to speak in support of  Chairman Meeks' Countering Malign Russian Activities in Africa Act, of  which I am an original cosponsor.  [[Page H4543]]    While so much of the world's attention is rightfully focused on  Russia's atrocities in Ukraine, Vladimir Putin and his minions are also  at work elsewhere around the world.   This is especially true in Africa, where we see the extensive  presence of Russian Private Military Contractors, or PMCs, in  particular the notorious Wagner Group, and extensive Russian  entanglement in countries with mining and strategic mineral reserves.   In some cases, such as in the Central African Republic, we see mines  guarded by Wagner Group mercenaries. Wagner Group PMCs are said to have  also appeared recently in Sudan, where there had been earlier reports  of Russia seeking a naval base.   We have also seen Wagner mercenaries implicated in atrocities in  Mali, which seems to have taken a bizarre turn recently, with France  accusing Russia of staging a false flag operation seeking to implicate  the French.   Thus, the Chairman's bill is especially timely, and can serve as a  template for other bills addressing Russian involvement around the  world, including the Western Hemisphere, as came up during our markup.    Mr. Speaker, I support S. 812, which came to  us from the Senate, and which calls for the Administration to develop a  strategy for Taiwan to regain observer status at the World Health  Organization.   As we know, Taiwan stands as a beacon of democracy in Asia--and  indeed, an example for much of the world--and offers a stark contrast  to the totalitarian model of Xi Jinping across the Taiwan Strait in  Mainland China.   As a result, the People's Republic of China has doubled down on its  longstanding efforts to delegitimize Taiwan and keep it from  participating in international organizations.   As we rediscovered in 2020, however, a deadly virus doesn't play  politics, and crosses borders without regard to diplomatic niceties.   To kowtow to Communist China and exclude Taiwan from having even an  observer status at the World Health Organization is to play politics  with global health.   It is especially galling when one recalls that pernicious  misrepresentations were made by the PRC to the World Health  Organization at the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, and the warnings  sounded by Taiwan as to the true nature and origins of the pandemic  were ignored by the WHO.   Mr. Speaker, I also want to note that I, along with my colleague from  New Jersey, Jeff Van Drew, also introduced legislation last year, H.R.  1775, to provide for a vehicle for victims of State misrepresentations  to the World Health Organization to seek redress using US courts.   I urge my colleagues to support S. 812, and for this Administration  to devise and implement the strategy this timely legislation calls for  to allow our democratic partner Taiwan to accede to the World Health  Organization as an observer.  [[Page H4552]]        