 Madam Speaker, on February 8, President  Biden said that if Russia invaded Ukraine, America would impose  crippling sanctions.   On February 24, President Putin kept to his word and invaded Ukraine.  President Biden has since then slow-walked the sanctions that he  promised, those crippling sanctions that he promised.   Today, 3 weeks after the invasion, as we have watched on the news as  Ukrainians have bravely fought, outmanned and outgunned, and yet they  hold on tenaciously to their property at horrific costs. Their cities  are being destroyed. Innocent civilians are being shot. Women and  children are being attacked on the streets. And yet, the United States  has been slow to move.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of this long-overdue bill to  suspend permanent normal trade relations with the Russian Federation  and Belarus. I am a cosponsor of this legislation and would like to  thank Chairman Neal and Ranking Member Brady for their hard work on  this issue.   Last week, the House took the much-needed step of blocking oil and  gas imports from Russia. When we debated that bill last week, I said we  should have gone much further and should not have taken that watered- down approach.   The United States must stop projecting weakness to Putin and his  allies. President Biden must live up to his word.   Today, we are finally taking a decisive step to punish Russia for  their criminal aggression in Ukraine by ending their special treatment  as a most-favored nation.   Can you imagine that we have continued to recognize them as a most- favored nation for three weeks, in light of the horrific war crimes  that they are committing every day?   This is an action that only Congress can take, and we held off last  week at the request of the administration.    Madam Speaker, passing this bill will  place significant tariffs on most of Russia's exports to the United  States, further defunding Putin's war machine.   The bill also gives proclamation authority to the USTR to further  raise tariffs on Russia's goods so that American purchasers will stop  funding Putin's war crimes.   