 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the  following Senators be permitted to speak prior to the scheduled vote:  Myself for up to 5 minutes, Senator Murray for up to 5 minutes, and  Senator Schumer up to 3 minutes.    Madam President, we will be voting in just a few  minutes on the Women's Health Protection Act, which I have proudly  sponsored, first introduced in 2013. I want to thank particularly  Senator Schumer for his leadership and Senator Murray for enabling us  to have this historic vote. It is historic, the first vote that we will  take guaranteeing the right of a provider to provide abortion care,  which is healthcare, and the right of a patient to receive that care.  There are very few votes that we will take in the U.S. Senate in the  course of our career that will have as profound and dramatic an impact  on the lives of all Americans.   Yes, reproductive healthcare is women's healthcare by and large, but  it is human healthcare. Women's rights are human rights. And the  decisions that women make about when and whether to become pregnant are  intensely personal. They should not be interfered with by any of us,  anyone from the government, anyone else. That right is protected by the  Constitution. Today's vote comes at a time of unparalleled attack on  equal access to abortion care in this country.    I clerked for Justice Harry Blackmun on the U.S. Supreme Court in the  term after he wrote the majority opinion in Roe v. Wade. And at that  time, we all believed that the decision would put an end to this  controversy, this debate, once and for all. And yet here we are, five  decades later; what was then unthinkable now has happened.   The U.S. Supreme Court has voluntarily taken a case that calls into  question a woman's right to choose. And  [[Page S825]]  the U.S. Supreme Court seems to be on track, based on its refusal to  stop implementation of the Texas 5-week ban on abortion, to overturning  Roe v. Wade.   Now, the U.S. Supreme Court will never say that ``we hereby overturn  Roe v. Wade.'' This majority, influenced by rightwing ideology, will,  in effect, overturn it without saying so because across the street in  Dobbs v. Jackson Women's Healthcare Organization, the question of  whether Mississippi's ban on abortion after 15 weeks is constitutional  is squarely before the Court. And, make no mistake, if the Court  upholds that Mississippi law, Roe v. Wade will no longer be the law of  the land. Planned Parenthood v. Casey will no longer be the law of the  land. Fifty years of jurisprudence will be gone without ever telling us  that Roe is overturned. The Court will move that goalpost, and Roe will  fall. And at least 20 States, through trigger laws, are prepared to  immediately prohibit abortion completely and entirely.   If you don't understand this threat, just ask the women of Texas.  They are currently living in a State without protections of Roe. That  dangerous anti-abortion law, SB 8, contains a 6-week abortion ban--6  weeks--far before many women even know that they are pregnant. And even  worse, the law's divisive bounty hunter provision deputizes a woman's  neighbors, friends, family, and acquaintances.   Last year alone, 19 States enacted 106 restrictions, including 12  abortion bans. For the first time ever, States enacted more than 100  abortion restrictions in a single year. My bill--the Women's Health  Protection Act--would put an end to this relentless and ever-growing  attack on reproductive rights. It would create a Federal statutory  right for healthcare providers to provide abortion care. It would  provide a right for patients to receive that care, free from medically  unnecessary restrictions that single out and impede abortion access.   Let's not forget for one moment the reality on the ground. The  reality is for millions of Americans, their futures--in some cases,  their lives--depend on accessible abortion care. And the implications  and ramifications affect men as well as women, families as well as  moms.   We have had enough meddling by politicians and politically motivated  judges getting between Americans and their personal healthcare  decision. We have had enough with the shameful assaults on people's  freedoms and futures. We can't go back, and we need this action now. It  is time. It is time to pass the Women's Health Protection Act.   