 Madam President, today I would like to enter into a  colloquy with the senior Senator from Connecticut to discuss the Big  Cat Public Safety Act. Section 3 of the bill amends title 16 of the  U.S. Code, section 3372(e) by striking the entire subsection and  inserting new prohibitions on private ownership of big cats,  registration requirements for existing private owners, and new  regulation parameters for facilities that display these animals to the  public.   Striking all of subsection (e) to insert the bill's proposed language  eliminates a standing protection of State authority to enact and  enforce their own laws in this area. Section Sec. 3372(e)(4) currently  states that ``nothing in this subsection preempts or supersedes the  authority of a state to regulate wildlife species within that state.''  By striking this protection against Federal preemption, Federal  authorities and regulators would have the ability to supplant any State  action or policy unless there are other sections of U.S. Code that  protect the rights of States.   Senator Blumenthal, do you understand this to be the case?    In light of this protection of State authority being  eliminated from statute by the Big Cat Public Safety Act, I would like  to clarify that there are existing protections that apply to the entire  chapter in which this bill amends. Title 16 of U.S. Code section  3378(a) states that ``nothing in this chapter shall be construed to  prevent the several states or Indian tribes from making or enforcing  laws or regulations not inconsistent with the provisions of this  chapter.''   While this preemption provision is not nearly as clear as the one  that will be removed by the Big Cat Public Safety, it is our intention  and understanding that it will preserve the longstanding policy that  the provisions being amended by this bill will not preempt or supersede  the authority of a State to regulate wildlife species within that  State.   Senator Blumenthal, do you agree that State authority should and will  be protected on this issue as it has historically been?   Mr. BLUMENTHAL Yes, I do.    Madame President, I thank Senator Blumenthal for  helping clarify the intent and effects of the Big Cat Public Safety Act  on this matter and would like to reiterate that we are not negating  State authority with these changes within the bill. The Big Cat Public  Safety Act will close the loopholes of private ownership that now exist  and fill the gaps that exist within State laws where such prohibitions  do not currently exist.   For States that have existing authorities addressing this area or any  State that may enact and enforce such authorities in the future,  Federal Agencies and authorities will not preempt or supersede them  unless expressly authorized by that State.   Now, with this clarification and a commitment from the senior Senator  from Connecticut to help include language in an upcoming authorization  bill to affirm the clarifications made today, I will lift my hold on  this bill   