 Mr. President, earlier this morning, I had the  opportunity to join my colleagues in the Senate Rules Committee for a  hearing on the progress our Capitol has made to increase the security  of this complex in the aftermath of January 6.   We heard testimony from U.S. Capitol Chief of Police Thomas Manger,  who in his first 6 months has done an outstanding job to make this  building safer and better prepared for the sorts of horrors that befell  this hallowed space only 1 year ago this week.   That day, on January 6, 2021, the men and women of our Capitol Police  stood on the frontlines of the unimaginable: a violent assault upon the  U.S. Capitol instigated by former President Trump and carried out by a  mob of radicals looking to halt the peaceful transfer of power. That  day, our Capitol policemen were outnumbered and underequipped. Yet  their bravery and quick thinking saved many lives and prevented a  violent riot from becoming something even worse. Today, we honor all  those who stepped up that day, especially those whom we have lost in  the aftermath.   In the year since that attack, we have gotten a lot of things done in  the Senate to strengthen our Capitol Police Force, to ensure from a  security  [[Page S29]]  standpoint that the violence of that day never happens again. Thanks to  this work and to the new leadership of the Capitol Police, the U.S.  Capitol today is undoubtedly considerably safer than it was a year ago.   But let's be clear. Let's be very clear. January 6 was not merely a  senseless act of violence; it was an attempt to reverse through violent  means the outcome of a free and a fair election. And make no mistake,  the root cause of January 6 is still with us today. It lives on through  the Big Lie pushed by Donald Trump that is undermining faith in our  political system and making our country and our democracy less safe.   A year after January 6, the biggest threat to our Capitol, our  Capitol Police, and our democracy today is the Big Lie perpetrated by  Donald Trump. Without addressing the root causes of the event of  January 6, the insurrection will not be an aberration; it could well  become the norm.   Just like the Senate has the power to pass legislation supporting our  Capitol Police Force, we have the same power and obligation to pass  legislation to address these root causes that brought the Big Lie to  life. That is what my Senate colleagues and I are focused on and are  committed to doing. We must act.   More than any other point in recent history, threats of political  violence are on the rise. Election administrators are facing harassment  and even death threats for just carrying out their duties. These are  people who are sort of like civil servants. They are simply in charge  of making sure the vote is counted fairly and accurately. In many  States like mine, they are bipartisan. In some States, they are  nonpartisan. But they are simply doing a job to make sure that the vote  is counted correctly. Yet there are death threats against them for  doing just that. By one measure, nearly one-third of these election  officials say they feel less safe on the job, and many are quitting in  fear of their safety.   All of us have a role to play to protect our democratic system-- everyone from our Capitol Police to the voting public, to those of us  entrusted to serve in elected office.   Mr. President, just as the Capitol Police have taken the experience  of January 6 to institute reforms for the future, every Member of the  U.S. Senate is called to do the same, to reckon with the lessons of  that terrible day and take action to cure America of the disease of the  Big Lie. That means passing legislation to protect our democracy from  subversion and safeguard the right to vote, including the John Lewis  Voting Rights Advancement Act and the Freedom to Vote Act.   Last year, Senate Democrats tried multiple times to get voting rights  passed with bipartisan cooperation. Many of us--especially my colleague  Senator Manchin--tried in good faith to bring the other side to the  table. But every single time, Republicans mounted a partisan filibuster  to stop this Chamber from even having a debate on these measures.    By now, Republicans have made it abundantly clear that bipartisanship  is not an option when it comes to voting rights. That is against the  grand tradition where the Voting Rights Act had gotten the support of  President Reagan and President H. W. Bush and President Bush and got  large bipartisan margins when it was renewed in the past. That is not  true anymore. This is a new Republican Party under Donald Trump, and  they are opposing any attempt--any attempt--to strengthen voting  rights.   If this continues, the only option left for Democrats is to explore  and propose reasonable fixes to restore the Senate so we can get these  critical pieces of legislation passed into law. We will consider  proposals to restore the Senate on or before January 17.   The Republican leader has wasted no opportunity to criticize any  discussion--even a discussion--on how Members of this body can act to  restore the Senate to its proper function. Mere moments ago, the  Republican leader strangely suggested that to make this Chamber better  debate, compromise, and pass legislation somehow equates to breaking  the Senate. He criticized the idea that Democrats would go at it alone.  But I would remind everyone that when Leader McConnell and Republicans  were in the majority, they used their simple majority for almost every  major initiative they wished to put in place: the repeal of the  Affordable Care Act, passing a multitrillion-dollar tax break for the  ultrarich, and installing three rightwing Supreme Court Justices. They  were happy to change the rules if it meant getting their picks  confirmed to the Court.   So let's stop the crocodile tears right here and right now. The  asymmetry cannot hold. If Senate Republicans continue to abuse the  filibuster to prevent this body from acting, the Senate must adapt.  Just as Robert C. Byrd said, when circumstances change, the rules  should change.   There is no better way to heal the damage of January 6 than to act so  that our constitutional order is preserved for the future. We must do  so by any means that we can, even if it means Democrats find  alternative paths forward on our own. For the sake of the vision handed  down to us by the Framers, Democrats are going to continue this work in  the weeks to come.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.  [[Page S44]]     Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to  consider Calendar No. 612.    Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to  consider Calendar No. 465.    Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Finally, I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory  quorum calls for the cloture motions filed today, January 5, be waived.   