 Madam President, over Memorial Day weekend, I spent a  chunk of it in Yuma, AZ. In Yuma, AZ, it is 107 degrees in daytime, 102  at sundown. Those of us from Oklahoma are not used to that kind of  heat, but it was very helpful to be there, to be on the ground and to  see what is happening at that particular border area.   You see, each area of the border is a little bit different. But what  we are experiencing right now on our southern border is a continual  rolling, chaotic crisis there.   I have people who will catch me occasionally in Oklahoma and will  say: It seems like things are going better because I don't hear the  media talking about what is happening at the border anymore. And I will  smile at them and say: Well, you remember last summer when the media  was focused on the southern border? We had 6,000 people illegally  crossing a day at that time. Now we have 8,000 people illegally  crossing a day--8,000. In fact, last month, we had a quarter million  people that illegally crossed the border in 1 month. That was a record,  by the way. The previous record for a 1-month illegal crossing was the  month before. Things continue to get worse.   But each area of the border is a little bit different. Now I had not  been to this particular border crossing in Yuma, AZ, to be able to see  how things are different there, but this is either the No. 1 or No. 2  most trafficked areas for illegal traffic across the entire southern  border at this point.   What you see first when you are in Yuma, AZ, when you get there to  the fencing area, you notice this: You notice in Yuma, AZ, that you  have got a port of entry there; and at that port of entry, you have  miles and miles of border fence and then a gap in the fence, where on  January 20, 2021, construction was on to be able to complete this, but  literally, that day, it stopped. And so that gap has never been closed,  and so border crossings look like this.   Another picture of it is a picture like this. This scenario where  there is a dam on the Mexico side, and on the American side there is  the fencing--or at least there was going to be fencing. There is  fencing on both sides of this. So individuals literally step over the  dam, walk over and walk right up into the country. And you ask, well,  why is this not complete? Is it because we ran out of materials?  Actually, if you go just a mile from that last picture, in the desert  you will see this: just stacks and stacks and stacks of steel, 30-foot  sections all cut and ready to go to be able to close those gaps. But  those gaps are not being closed because the Biden administration a year  and a half ago determined they were not going to close those gaps; they  were just going to leave them open. So there they sit open.   So that is one of the issues. That is different in Yuma than in some  of the other areas where they just literally left the steel sit  horizontally in the desert rather than being installed vertically--what  it was designed for.   The second big issue is in this area because of those gaps in the  fence, individuals, as they fly into Yuma--they are not coming in long  caravans to come in--they are literally flying into Mexicali, Mexico,  taking a charter bus that the cartels have organized for them, where  they will pick them up at the airport, load up into a charter bus. They  will drive them up to the gaps in the fence with the bus and allow them  to be able to step across the border. They were literally--I could see  it--they will literally step across the border and wait for the Border  Patrol to come and pick them up, like it's Uber XL coming to be able to  pick them up at their spot. And they know if they just stand here on  this side of the fence and wait long enough, Border Patrol will come  by, pick them up in a van. They will take them to the processing area  where they get processed and then within a couple of days released into  the country wherever they want to go.   These individuals are traveling from all over the world. In fact,  when I met with some of the leadership there in Yuma, AZ, I just asked  the question: How are things going? What is happening in different  spots? What are you seeing?   One of the folks there said: Well, last week--last week--we  encountered people from 50 different countries crossing just in this  spot.   Why is that? Because the border remains open and people from all over  the world know they can fly to Mexicali, Mexico, pay the cartels--and  the current rate is between $7,000 and $15,000 a person for that  section of the border. They get on the buses, drive up to the border,  and then they step across.   It is a different kind of thing. We see sometimes pictures of people  who have traveled 3,000 miles in a caravan. And by the way, there is  another caravan that is actually organizing through Central America  right now and coming through Mexico. The current caravan has an  estimated 6,000 people in it that are walking their way up and  traveling their way up through Central America and Mexico right now.   But the folks coming through Yuma, AZ, are not like that. They step  across  [[Page S2855]]  the border, and they are carrying luggage with them. In fact, Border  Patrol has had to actually limit the weight that they can actually  bring in luggage to no more than 50 pounds. They come into the process  area. They are bringing their luggage with them. They are dressed in  nice clothes. They are clean. They just got a shower the day before.   They come across the border. They wait on Border Patrol. We take them  to the processing area. In fact, when I got to the processing area, one  of the Border Patrol agents walked up to me and said, ``Do you see the  lady behind you?'' And I turned around and said, ``Yes.''   She said, ``She is wearing a Versace dress.''   I said that probably should mean something to me as a guy, but it  currently doesn't. And my wife later explained to me, ``That is a  pretty expensive dress.''   Why are we seeing people like that crossing the border? Because it is  easier to come in illegally into the country now than it is legally.   Most years we have a million people a year that legally cross our  border--legally--that go through the process, fill out the paperwork.  We do a background check on those individuals. They come through and  come into our country, and we celebrate people who come legally into  our country and have for over two centuries. These individuals are  finding it faster and cheaper to just pay the cartel, fly to Mexico,  walk across the border. And when you walk across the border, you are in  the country not just for a few months. Right now, when you cross the  border and enter into this area, as you walk across the border you are  given a work permit and the ability to stay in the United States for 8  years until your asylum hearing comes up.   Why do we have people coming from all over the world? We have a  million people doing it legally, but last year we had 2 million people  do it illegally because it is faster to just illegally come into the  border.   Let me ask a simple question to this body: Do we really want a system  that incentivizes illegal activity as the entrance into the United  States of America, because right now the incentive is to come into the  country illegally?   Let me phrase it this way. For the individuals who come across this  border, we do not do a background check on these individuals. We have  no idea any criminal history they have in the country from where they  are coming. We do a background check with American records. We know if  they committed a crime here in the past, but we have no idea from any  of the countries that they are coming from. And let me remind you, in  Yuma, when I was there a week ago, the week before, 50 different  nations crossed that border that week. We have no criminal background  check on any of those individuals.   What else happens with this? Because of the chaos that is happening  here and Border Patrol are having to run their Uber XL vans to be able  to pick people up and take them to processing, and they have to come  off the line to be able to come into the processing center. What else  is happening? The open desert areas not far from here, where they know  the drug traffickers are actually moving large quantities of drugs,  they don't have enough agents to be able to patrol that anymore. They  can see them on cameras. They just don't have enough people to get to  it.   The checkpoints that are on the highways typically leading out from  this area to try to pick up the gun and drug smugglers coming in and  out of the country, those checkpoints don't exist anymore. Why? Because  they don't have enough staff anymore because they are managing this  chaos at the border.   We are losing our security presence on our southern border because  the President is incentivizing illegal immigration, and it is taking  everybody that is there for our national security to actually be on the  border to manage the check-in staff for people coming in.   This is a ticking time bomb. It is solvable.   Let me give you just some very basic things on this. No. 1, keep  title 42 in place. The Border Patrol that I speak to when I talk to the  folks on the line, their No. 1 fear is the Biden administration is  going to cancel title 42. Now, currently, the court is prohibiting them  from doing that, but their biggest concern is, if the Biden  administration cancels title 42, even more people will come across, and  this chaos will be even worse. That is their No. 1 issue. Keep title 42  authority in place.   The second thing is, stop giving people that cross the border between  the port of entry and illegally cross, stop giving them work permits  that incentivizes people to come between the ports of entry in an  illegal fashion. The administration can do that right now.   Third thing: Stop giving people a free pass to come into the country  for 8 years to stay in the country while they await their asylum  hearing.   Whoever is last in, first up for the asylum hearing, and do it right  there at the border. The asylum hearings can be done in less than a  month, and do it right there at the border so they have to remain in  place to have their hearing.   What happens is, these individuals cross the border, they cross the  border, they get their 8-year pass in the country, they get their work  permit. They snap a picture of it. They send it to their family back  home and say: I paid this cartel member this much money. I crossed in  this spot. I stood in this line. When I got there, I got into the  country. Come join me. And it keeps accelerating. That is a policy  decision that the administration could stop now, and they are choosing  not to stop now.   And the final thing on this. Again, it is not hard. Close that gap.   Why is this so hard? Close that gap.   We have fewer people crossing in California right now than we do in  Yuma. Why is that? Because the gap is closed in California. And while  many of my colleagues scream ``fences don't work,'' why do we have  fewer people crossing in California than we do in Yuma, AZ? Well, it is  because there is a functioning fence in California and a big, giant gap  in Yuma. This does work, and everybody knows it. That is why the Biden  administration leaves it open--because they are facilitating this. This  is something that is going to bite our Nation. It is a national  security issue, and we should not ignore it.    Again, I celebrate legal immigration. I want more of it in our  country. This is unchecked, illegal activity, and we had better pay  attention to it.   I yield the floor.   