 Mr. President, I want to make just a brief comment about  the cloture vote that just occurred shortly before the Senator from  Rhode Island sought the unanimous consent agreement.   And, as you know, cloture was denied on that bill, and, as you also  know very well, that doesn't mean the bill is defeated. It simply means  that the opportunity to amend it isn't eliminated. There haven't been  any amendments. That is unfortunate.   But I want to just stress that my concern about this bill has nothing  to do with the purpose of the bill. It is not about the approximately  $280 billion of new spending that is meant to be required under this  bill for the VA to cover Medicare and other--healthcare, I should say,  and other benefits for veterans who are exposed to toxic burn pits.  What I want to change has absolutely nothing to do with any of that.   I see the chairman of the committee of jurisdiction. I think he  understands that I have no interest in modifying the purpose of this  bill, all the work that he and many others have done. And, by the way,  I suspect there are 85 votes for this bill, for the underlying bill, if  we fix this problem.   And here is the problem. Completely unrelated to the $280 billion of  new spending, there is a mechanism created in this bill--it is a  budgetary gimmick--that has the intent of making it possible to have a  huge explosion in unrelated spending: $400 billion. This budgetary  gimmick is so unrelated to the actual veterans' issue that has to do  with burn pits that it is not even in the House version of this bill.   So, the fact is, we can fix this tonight. This is a relatively easy  fix. There might be a few technical things we would iron out, and we  could get this done tonight. And I know the chairman of the committee  very much wants to get this bill done. This is the path to do it. And  if we fix this--which, as I say, I would recommend we fix it tonight-- we could do that by a unanimous consent request. We could do it any  number of ways.   But once that is done, this bill sails through this Chamber and goes  to the President and gets signed into law. So I just want to urge my  Democratic colleagues to join me in working this out. This is not what  this bill was about. We can fix it. We can do it immediately.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I would briefly and simply reiterate my  request that our Democratic colleagues, including the chairman, who  obviously is passionate about this, just engage with us to fix this,  this problem that has nothing to do with the bill that he wants to  pass, this problem that wasn't in the House version of this bill.   The chairman's argument that, well, it is always ultimately subject  to appropriations--well, that is really an argument that says let's not  have a budget at all, let's not have any rules because--it is true--a  future Congress can always do whatever it wants. So, by that logic, we  should have no rules, no guidelines, no budgets, no procedures, no pay- go, no effort whatsoever to have any management of our Federal budget  because--what the hell--any Congress can come along and just waive it.   I don't agree with that. I think, especially at a time when inflation  is running rampant, when we have been spending money like no one has  ever imagined--if we have got an important need, OK; we do that. But  this gimmick--and the chairman said people are sick and tired of games.  I totally agree. This is one of those games where you have got a bill  that is going to pass and so let's sneak in this change in the budget  rule so that it will be easy to spend money on other things in the  future.   That is ridiculous. That is just not defensible. So, again, I would  stress there is a very easy path to a very big vote in favor of this  bill that probably could happen later tonight but could certainly  happen tomorrow. And if the path is there, let's fix this problem.   I yield the floor.   