 Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. Kaptur for her overly gracious  remarks. I appreciate them. I also appreciate the opportunity to join  her and the others in our discussion about Ukraine.   Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time is remaining.    Mr. Speaker, I am really happy to join with Congresswoman  Kaptur, who has served for some time now as chair of the Ukrainian  Caucus, who has driven us and gotten us to this point, but who has also  kept together a bipartisan group of legislators. So, to her and to  Ranking Member Fitzpatrick, my thanks to both of them.   We are all here, obviously, because of the situation in Ukraine. This  comes at us from different ways. I initially got involved when I came  back to Congress because of a gentleman by the name of Roman Goy in my  district who has watched these situations with Ukraine going back to  2014 and beyond and who felt sort of helpless.   On behalf of Mr. Goy in Catonsville and all the other ones that I  have heard from--and I am particularly heartened to also hear, as we  did earlier, from the gentlewoman, Mrs. Spartz, who is the only native  Ukrainian to serve here in the United States Congress. Her comments are  compelling, and her witness is one that we should always keep in front  of us as something to be reminded of.   Mr. Speaker, I go back a long, long way in terms of the aggression  that we now see in Ukraine. I go so far back as to remember the Cold  War days that a lot of us grew up under, the days of a very, very  aggressive Soviet Union hellbent on domination, spanning 13 time zones,  with a growing nuclear arsenal in those days and with the twisted  belief that they somehow or another could, in fact, be a part of this  hemisphere and pose an issue to us. It was a different Soviet Union. It  is Russia now, but that same sort of thinking pervades.   Back then, I am talking about the missile crisis in Cuba, where  Soviet President Khrushchev, Nikita Khrushchev, was putting missiles 90  miles off our coast, believing that he and the Soviet Union had a right  to that sort of expansionism, that sort of aggression.   Thank God that President John Fitzgerald Kennedy, having reached a  very tight ultimatum with the reality, decided that the United States  would not accept that.   We were on the brink of war then, but the Soviet Union blinked. They  removed their missiles from Cuba, and we have sort of coexisted in a  sort of Cold War for some time now.   Then, with the fall of Berlin and the ending of the Soviet Union as  we knew it, and now the singular emergence of Russia, all of us  concerned here are concerned about what is happening in Ukraine.   When you look at the troop movements that are taking place, when you  look at the propaganda being spun by the Kremlin, it is all so familiar  to what happened in 1914 when the Soviet Union went off in its own  direction and when it began to build up its war machine.   In 2014, the Russian Government, following the same script, has  decided--or did decide then--to have similar troop movements, similar  weapons buildup, and a similar effort to invade. Even though the talk  then was ``we are not invading,'' we know what happened then. They  invaded Ukraine. They took and annexed Crimea.   People in Kiev and elsewhere have been watching the situation with  great trepidation, and now we are at a point with a massive Russian  buildup all along the Ukrainian border, well over 100,000 troops, all  sorts of armaments, and the ability to have airpower to strike and to  take, if they want to, that country.   So, the fact that President Biden and others have stood up--we want  to also thank all of our European allies for banding together. The  North Atlantic Treaty Organization was formed just to be able to  prevent things such as this. Although Ukraine is not a signatory under  Article 5, its sovereignty and its independence is so very, very  important.   I want to join with Congresswoman Kaptur, Ranking Member  [[Page H1111]]  Fitzpatrick, Mrs. Spartz with her testimony, and all the others who  have continued to raise this issue.    In the old, old days, we never knew when the then-Soviet Union was  going to strike. We don't know now. I remember air drills at 1 o'clock  in the afternoon. In schools, we were so close to the end of the last  war, kids had to stop what they were doing and practice drills, hiding  under their desks. In every school, there was a bomb shelter. We have  come a long way since then, but that threat is still there.   A lot of people say: Well, why is this important? It is important  because history can repeat itself. It is important because history  often does repeat itself. It is important because it is a lesson that  we have learned and must never get away from.   Terrorism anywhere is a threat to democracies everywhere. I join and  am happy in this bipartisan effort, Mr. Speaker, to lend my voice.   