 Mr. Speaker, maybe someone should have sent an active  shooter alert to police in Uvalde. Wait. They had the alert. They were  in a school building with an active shooter and didn't take action.   America is at her best when she encourages her citizens to have safe,  responsible gun ownership. But under Democrats, instead, we have a  government that instead wants to stigmatize and scare people about  guns.   Mr. Speaker, imagine you are at a concert with 5,000 people and  everyone gets an alert on their phone ``active shooter'' because six  blocks away there was a gunfire that went off. Maybe it was an  accident. Maybe it was a tragedy.   Would that make the circumstance safer?   Of course not. It would lead to stampede, tragedy, hysteria, mistake,  perhaps even more death. This bill is like yelling ``fire'' in a movie  theater, except the fire is in another movie theater across the street.  The bill makes no mention of distance requirements.  [[Page H5996]]    Will we be notified of any active shootings within 1 mile, 5 miles,  10 miles?   What is an active shooter?   A drive-by in an inner city?   A spousal murder in a suburb?   If you live in or near Democrat-run cities, it sounds like your phone  will be buzzing off the hook. Some of our cities have shootings every  day where multiple people are injured, and often this happens in the  jurisdictions with the most intense and liberty-depriving gun control.   The bill states that an active shooter is defined as an individual  ``determined to pose an active, imminent threat to people in a  populated area.'' That sounds like a sizable amount of the people  walking around the south side of Chicago every day.   Who is making this determination?   Is it in a millisecond?   By the time the alerts go out, it may be far too late to do any good.  This bill is useless and foolish. Working on police response times is,  of course, a worthy goal, a worthy goal for the States where the  Constitution resides the police power. But alerting thousands of people  to what may or may not have happened 30 minutes ago or 30 blocks away  is, in fact, dangerous.   So one has to ask: What is the true purpose of this bill?   Why do the Democrats want to use the power of government to bombard  your cellphone with active shooter alerts 24 hours a day, 7 days a  week?   It is because they want you to be afraid of the Second Amendment. It  is because they want you to be afraid of responsible gun ownership.  They hope that if they program you and bombard you long enough, that  you will hate your own Second Amendment rights, or you may tattle on  your neighbor who is lawfully and rightfully exercising theirs. The  American people should not fall for this.   