 Madam Speaker, I thank my friend from Pennsylvania for his  leadership on this issue.   Madam Speaker, the Biden administration's war on domestic energy  extends beyond canceling pipelines and infrastructure, suspending oil  and natural gas leasing on Federal lands and waters, or opposing  funding of construction of projects that could lower the cost of gas,  diesel, or energy-derived fossil fuels and slow-walking liquified  natural gas exports that could reduce Europe's dependence on Russia.   No, in fact, what most Americans do not understand is that the  central feature of President Biden's anti-energy agenda is the  weaponization of financial regulation to choke off capital to heroic  American energy companies. And this agenda has been enabled by woke  corporate leaders who have elevated a political ESG agenda ahead of  returns for retail investors.    And we knew that the ESG agenda, the environmental social governance  agenda, was prioritizing climate alarmism over and ahead of investor  returns, over and ahead of affordable reliable energy.   But now as we see how Russia is using oil and gas exports to finance  their illegal and brutal war against Ukraine, Americans can now see how  the ESG agenda is compromising both American energy dominance and our  national security.   The job of bank regulators is to ensure the safety and soundness of  financial institutions and to promote financial stability. It is not to  pick winners and losers in the credit markets or politicize the  allocation of capital or solve climate change.   The central irony of the Biden administration's climate finance  agenda is that it will neither promote financial stability nor help the  environment.   On the contrary, it will actually destabilize the economy by  destroying jobs, driving up energy costs, and severely reducing the  reliability of our electric power grid.   It will also compromise efforts to combat climate change by starving  innovative energy companies of the capital that they need to develop  new technologies and processes to capture carbon, discover alternative  uses for fossil fuels, harness the carbon cycle, and reduce emissions.   Biden's regulators say they want to assess how climate change may  create risks to the financial system. But let's be honest. Biden has  pledged a whole-of-government approach to ending support for fossil  fuels. This is not about assessing risks for the financial system; it  is about creating risks for our economy. It is about redirecting  capital away from fossil energy and weaponizing regulations to  discriminate against the most reliable, affordable energy we have.   The Federal Government should not be in the business of punishing  heroic American energy companies, especially in a time of a national  security crisis.   Unleash the power of the American innovative energy sector, not only  to lower costs here at home, to restore American energy dominance, but  to defend our allies in Europe to defend free people all over the  country and to get rid of our overdependence on sources of energy from  enemies of the United States.   