 Madam Speaker, I thank my friend from Alabama (Mr. Carl)  for yielding and for his terrific work on the Natural Resources  Committee, and I thank the majority and Chairman Grijalva for their  support.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of my bipartisan bill,  H.R. 820, the New Philadelphia National Historic Site Act.   Located in West Central Illinois, near the Missouri border, in Barry,  Illinois, is New Philadelphia. Founded in 1836 by Frank McWorter, this  was the first town founded, platted, and registered by an African  American in the United States.   Once an enslaved person himself, Mr. Frank McWorter also known as  ``Free Frank,'' bought his freedom. Mr. McWorter went on in his life  and in his legacy to establish New Philadelphia, but also to  demonstrate the critical role many African Americans played in their  own freedom efforts.   Through the sale of land in New Philadelphia, among other business  ventures, Free Frank used his earnings to free 15 other family members  out of slavery. Additionally, many of the residents of New  Philadelphia, both European Americans and African Americans, later came  together to assist freedom-seekers moving north from slave-occupied  States and locations.   The 40-acre original townsite is now nationally and historically  significant. It is an archaeological site, advancing our understanding  of free, rural communities and the abolitionist movement in the  antebellum area.   The New Philadelphia site has already been recognized for its  historical significance. It is currently on the National Register of  Historic Places and is designated as a National Historic Landmark. The  site is also included in the National Park Service Underground Railroad  Network to Freedom program, and the Smithsonian National Museum of  American History displays many of the artifacts unearthed from the area  near New Philadelphia.    This bipartisan bill would establish the New Philadelphia National  Historical Park in the State of Illinois as a unit of the National Park  System.   Many local and regional organizations have worked tirelessly for many  years to preserve and protect this site and they deserve so much  credit. One organization in particular, the New Philadelphia  Association, has done a tremendous job in improving, maintaining, and  endorsing the site for the benefit of New Philadelphia descendants,  those living in the surrounding community, and those visiting from  afar. I am delighted to be here tonight to assist their efforts and  support the continued advocacy of many of my engaged constituents on  this issue.   Including New Philadelphia in the National Park System would provide  certainty and ensure its continued preservation far into the future.  The National Park Service will be able to provide the tools, resources,  and expertise necessary to elevate the site to its fullest potential.   It is imperative that sites like New Philadelphia are preserved for  years to come, so that future generations can better understand their  important history as well as the lessons that history provides us.   In closing, I thank the Natural Resources Committee for supporting  this important piece of legislation, and I urge the adoption of the  bill.   