 Madam President, among the many financial worries for  average Americans, particularly young families just starting out, is  finding a safe, affordable place to live. The simple fact is that we  don't have the supply of housing to meet demand. Indeed, we have a  shortfall of 7 million affordable housing units according to the  National Low-Income Housing Coalition.   Certainly, the COVID-19 pandemic reduced housing production and  created kinks in the supply chain for important raw materials like  lumber, but the truth is that we were lagging when it came to building  and maintaining affordable housing long before COVID-19.   Back in 2020, a Rhode Island family earning the State's median income  could not afford to buy a home at the median price anywhere in the  State. It has only gotten worse since then. Across the country, home  prices have risen 13.4 percent from last year, with the national median  price now at $416,000.   In my State, the Rhode Island Association of Realtors reports that  the median price of homes sold in June 2022 reached an alltime high of  $430,000. That is 11.7 percent higher than a year earlier.   A large reason that home ownership is out of reach for many Americans  is the inventory levels are so low. In recent months, sales have  dropped as interest rates have increased, but we are still nowhere near  a balanced market. In a healthy housing market, there is usually a 6- month supply of homes available for sale at any given time. Right now,  our country has less than a 3-month supply of homes, and Rhode Island  has less than a 2-month supply.   As potential home buyers are priced out of the housing market, they  remain in the rental market, adding additional pressure to rental  prices. According to apartmentlist.com, rent has grown 14.1 percent  nationally from last summer. In Providence, RI, rents have jumped 23.8  percent from last year.   When supply is tight and rents go up, it is harder for our more  vulnerable community members to afford housing. That is our seniors,  people with disabilities, and the unhoused. People who have been a part  of the fabric of our communities for decades are no longer able to  afford staying. It is a scary prospect that is facing too many  Americans.   This didn't happen overnight. According to the National Low Income  Housing Coalition, the number of homes with low monthly rents declined  by 4 million between 1991 and 2017.   And the underbuilding of starter homes for decades has caught up to  us, creating a major housing supply crunch that has led to soaring  rents and home prices. Developers have more incentives to build six- bedroom ``McMansions'' and luxury apartments. That doesn't help folks  who just need a safe, affordable place to live in their community, and  it doesn't meet the needs of young families who just want about 1,800  square feet, four walls, and a roof. We now have a housing market where  police officers, firefighters, teachers, and nurses cannot afford to  live in the communities that they serve. Simply put, our current  housing stock does not have homes to match what families want and what  families need.   Also contributing to the problem, our housing market has been flooded  with speculators, private equity firms, and large institutional  investors who are starting to come in looking for big profits. This is  why Chairman Brown, Senator Warren, and I have called on HUD to stem  the flow of single-family homes to institutional investors and help  level the playing field between families and large investors.   In this kind of market, it is hard for everyone, especially first- time buyers.   Over the last 2 years, the Federal Government has made substantial  investments in affordable housing, helping people experiencing  homelessness, and keeping people stably housed. Without the measures we  adopted, the housing situation for millions of Americans would be even  worse.   I was part of the bipartisan working group that negotiated the CARES  Act, which was a step toward keeping people safe, protecting public  health, and preventing an affordable housing crisis from becoming an  eviction disaster.   But, clearly, the CARES Act wasn't enough. That is why I introduced a  bill to provide rental assistance and homeowner assistance to families.  That legislative initiative led to the influx of more than $46 billion  in emergency rental assistance to help renters who have struggled to  pay their rent and utilities during the pandemic. Those funds have also  been used to help with housing stability, particularly for unhoused  individuals. In total, emergency rental assistance has helped over  34,000 families in Rhode Island alone.  [[Page S3671]]    And I also worked with colleagues to deliver nearly $10 billion under  the Homeowner Assistance Fund to help homeowners who experienced COVID- 19 hardships keep up with house payments and stay in their homes. Over  $50 million in this fund is helping homeowners in my State.   Rhode Island and other States are also committing their American  Rescue Plan dollars toward building new affordable housing. It is hard  to overstate the impact that this cushion of support has had for  families in our State and across the country.   Putting a historic emphasis on housing support helped eliminate a  major potential economic hardship that could have been catastrophic for  millions of Americans. Without the worry of how to make rent or  mortgage payments, families didn't need to scramble to find shelter and  uproot themselves from their support systems. Kids had safe homes and  could stay in the same school. It helped parents keep their jobs,  helped seniors stay connected to their communities, and kept all of us  healthier and safer. We need more of this kind of support for families,  not less.   Measures like the Emergency Rental Assistance Program and the  Homeowner Assistance Fund were temporary, and those programs are going  to be wrapping up in the next few months. As we look ahead to the  future, it is time for us to think, What have we learned? What are the  acute needs of housing today?    There is no question we need to build more affordable housing. We  need to invest in rehabilitating old homes but also in building new  homes, specifically for low-income families.   We need to fortify the Federal programs that incentivize private  investment in affordable housing, like the National Housing Trust Fund,  the Capital Magnet Fund, Low-Income Housing Tax Credits, and HOME  Investment Partnerships. That includes extending available low-income  housing tax credits by reinstating the 12.5-percent boost that expired  at the end of 2021. It also means passing the bipartisan LIFELINE Act  introduced by Senators Leahy, Collins, Wyden, myself, and many others  so that we can maximize the impact of the State and Local Fiscal  Recovery Funds from the American Rescue Plan when States put those  funds toward building and maintaining affordable housing.   We need to invest in apprenticeships and training programs to create  a more skilled construction workforce with a focus on attracting more  diverse workers.   We need more innovation, with quicker building techniques and high- tech materials. This is not a pipedream. Rhode Island has already shown  the world how to get innovative in the housing space with ONE  Neighborhood Builders' Sheridan Small Homes and Bowdoin Street  Rowhouse. These are innovative construction projects--small homes with  many energy-saving aspects. They are the future, and we have to invest  in that future.   And as I said, we have to build to focus on a green future that  includes the effects of climate change. That means we need to pass the  Green Retrofits Act, which I introduced with Senator Collins. This bill  would boost energy efficiency in thousands of multifamily residential  homes nationwide by bolstering public-private partnerships to make  healthy home upgrades and creating a new program to distribute energy  efficiency grants and loans.   We need to increase our assistance and our commitment to homeless  assistance grants. That includes funding for the Continuum of Care  Program, which serves over 750,000 people experiencing homelessness  each year, and for emergency solution grants, which support over  350,000 who are in emergency shelter each year.   We need to fully fund housing choice vouchers, make them easier to  use in communities, and incentivize landlords to take these vouchers,  which is being done presently in Rhode Island.   Investing in housing will not fuel the fire of inflation; it will  tackle one of the key contributors to rising costs and help stabilize  family budgets.   On many of these fronts, State and local action is also needed to  move the ball forward. State and local governments must address the  issue of exclusionary zoning. In far too many places, there are  barriers to building multifamily homes or townhouse and too-high  minimums for lot sizes, making it very challenging to build affordably.   It should be easier for people to convert their garage into living  space for a family member, such as an in-law suite above a detached  garage. And that is just one example.   Some of these challenges can be traced back to ``not in my backyard''  attitudes, which we must all do our part to overcome.   Every family should have a decent, affordable place to live, and we  need to commit ourselves to making the investments and adopting  policies to make that possible.   And emphasizing, once again, investment in housing will lower costs  to families, which will be an effective way to help overall--not  immediately--but overall to lower inflationary pressures on our working  families.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, for the Committee on Armed Services I report  favorably the following nomination lists which were printed in the  Records on the dates indicated, and ask unanimous consent, to save the  expense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nominations  lie at the Secretary's desk for the information of Senators.   