 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding to me  and for organizing this Special Order and all the great work that he  does leading the Western Caucus.   We are really working on issues that impact not just rural America  but all of America. And just to highlight a little bit of what is  happening in Pennsylvania, currently in Pennsylvania, Pennsylvanians  are paying on average $4.42 per gallon of gas. That is $1.39 more than  they were paying a year ago.   The White House is frantically trying to spin a narrative that points  to Russia's invasion of Ukraine as the catalyst for skyrocketing gas  prices.   The truth is that the Biden administration set this energy crisis  into motion on day one of his term in office by cutting American  pipelines and halting leases for drilling on Federal lands. Blocking  oil and natural gas drilling puts a stranglehold on domestic production  and leads to higher prices for American families.   Not only has the Biden administration diminished American energy  independence, but it also gave Russia the confidence to weaponize its  energy exports. Pair this with Biden's refusal to unleash American  energy dominance, and you have a United States, our United States that  is dependent on tyrannical nations for energy.   American energy is right beneath our feet. We must kick production  into high gear. We heard the President stand here and talk about buy  American, made American. Well, we can't do that without American  energy. We can't build American infrastructure without American energy.   To unleash that energy, the Biden administration needs to start  listening to the people, needs to trust in the energy producers. We  produce energy in the United States more cleanly than any other nation  on the face of the Earth. We do it right, we do it environmentally  friendly, and we do not want to enrich people who want to do harm to us  or our allies. That is what we need to do.   We need expedited permits for LNG-exporting facilities. We need to  get through the permitting process for drilling. We need to make sure  we can drill on Federal lands. We need to make sure we  complete pipelines. Those are the things that are halting American  energy production, fueling inflation, and adding to the skyrocketing  cost of energy for all Americans.    It is costing more to fill up our gas tanks. It is costing more to  run our businesses and heat our homes. Simply, it is avoidable if the  Biden administration would just reverse its policies and go back to  where we were just 1\1/2\ short years ago, and that was energy  independence. I look forward to working with Mr. Newhouse on many  things that can help make America stronger and put Americans first.   