 Mr. President, reserving the right to object.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator is recognized.    Mr. President, I am requesting votes on two very  important issues regarding this competition bill: No. 1 to put the  Senate on record in opposition to providing $53 billion in corporate  welfare to the highly profitable microchip industry, with no  protections for the American taxpayer; and two, to eliminate the $10  million bailout included in this bill for Blue Origin, a space company  owned by Jeff Bezos, the second wealthiest person in this country who  is now worth over $180 billion.   So, Mr. President, I ask the majority leader: Will you now give me  your commitment to receive two rollcall votes next week on each of  these motions to instruct at a simple majority threshold?   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The majority leader.    Mr. President, I appreciate the commitment of the  majority leader to ensure that I will receive rollcall votes on these  two issues. Having received the majority leader's firm commitment, I  will not object.   I ask unanimous consent to address the body for 10 minutes.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there an objection to the original  request?   Hearing none, it is so ordered.   Without objection, the Senator from Vermont is recognized for up to  10 minutes.    Mr. President, let me thank the majority leader for his  willingness to put my two motions to instruct on the floor next week  for a vote. And I want to take a minute to explain to my colleagues and  the American people what these amendments are about.   As I think most Americans understand, half of the people in our  country are living paycheck to paycheck. They cannot afford the high  cost of healthcare. They are often spending more than they can afford  for housing. If they are fortunate enough to be able to have gotten a  higher education, it is more likely than not that they are struggling  with significant student debt. If they are young parents, they are  probably finding it hard to locate quality, affordable childcare or  pre-K. If they are older Americans, it is likely they are having a hard  time paying for the dental care, the hearing aids, the eyeglasses, or  the home healthcare that they desperately need.   Meanwhile, as many middle-class and working-class Americans fall  further and further behind, there is another economic reality taking  place in our country. We don't talk about it enough--but we should--and  that is that the people on top, the very wealthiest people in our  country, are doing phenomenally well and, in fact, have never had it so  good.   Today in America, we have more income and wealth inequality than ever  before. We talk a lot about Russian oligarchy--and that is certainly  true--but anybody who thinks that we don't have an oligarchy in this  country is surely mistaken.   In our country today, we have two people who own more wealth than the  bottom 40 percent of the American population, and the top 1 percent own  more wealth than the bottom 92 percent.   And, unbelievably, during this terrible pandemic--which has cost us  almost 1 million lives--when thousands of essential workers died, they  died because they had to go to their jobs, and going to their jobs,  they contracted the virus. During that same period of time, the  billionaire class became much, much wealthier. In fact, over 700  billionaires in America became nearly $2 trillion richer during the  pandemic. In other words, for the people on top, the pandemic has been  a very, very good time economically.   But it is not just the increased wealth of the very rich that we are  seeing. Corporate profits are at an alltime high, and CEOs have seen  huge increases in their compensation packages. And a lot of this is  happening because of the unprecedented level of corporate greed-- corporate greed that we are seeing.   Let me just give you a few examples of the corporate greed that is  taking place right now. Everybody knows that the price of gas is  soaring. Last I saw, it is averaging about $4.25 a gallon. Meanwhile,  ExxonMobil, Chevron, BP, and Shell made nearly $30 billion in profit  last quarter alone. The price of gas is soaring and major oil companies  are making huge, huge profits. Amazon recently raised the price of its  Prime membership by 16.8 percent. Meanwhile, it increased its profits  by 75 percent to a record-breaking $35 billion.   In terms of food, everybody knows food prices are going up. The price  of beef is up 32 percent, price of chicken is up 20 percent, price of  pork is up 13 percent. Meanwhile, Tyson Foods, a major producer of  chicken, beef, and hot dogs, increased its profits by 140 percent last  quarter to $1.1 billion. The price of food is soaring, and food  companies are enjoying huge profits.   While Americans are finding it harder and harder to pay for the  outrageous costs of prescription drugs--we pay the highest prices in  the world for our medicine--last year Pfizer, Johnson & Johnson, and  AbbVie, three major pharmaceutical companies--increased their profits  by over 90 percent to $54 billion. People can't afford the price of  prescription drugs, but pharmaceutical industry profits are soaring.  Again, all of which kind of takes me to the legislation that is on the  floor right now, the so-called Competitiveness Act.   Do we need to increase computer chip production in the United States?  Yes, we do. But we need to do it in a way that does not provide massive  amounts of corporate welfare to an already enormously profitable  industry.   In my view, it makes zero sense to provide $53 billion in corporate  welfare. That is a blank check: Here it is, microchip industry, no  strings attached, no protections for the American taxpayer to the  microchip industry.   And as part of this legislation, in addition--I don't know how many  people know this--some may think I am actually kidding when I say  this--but this legislation provides $10 billion in bailout to Jeff  Bezos--the second wealthiest person in America who is worth over $180  billion--so that his company, Blue Origin, can launch a rocket ship to  the Moon.   A word about the microchip industry. We are talking about an industry  that has shut down over 780 manufacturing plants in the United States  and eliminated 150,000 American jobs over the last 20 years, while  moving most of its production overseas. Got that? So this is an  industry that said: Hey, we are making money, but we can make even more  money by going to low-wage countries. Let's do that. Let's throw  150,000 American workers out on the street. We are going to go abroad.    Now, in terms of this $53 billion bailout, nobody knows exactly who  will be receiving that money. My guess is that the bulk of that money  will go to five major semiconductor companies, and that is Intel, Texas  Instruments, Micron Technology, Global Foundries, and Samsung. These  five companies in line for tens of billions of dollars of corporate  welfare made over $75 trillion in profit last year.   The American people are sick and tired of our government working for  wealthy campaign contributors and for the Big Money interests. I know  it is a radical concept to suggest, but maybe--just maybe--we might  want to be working for ordinary working-class and middle-class  Americans.   Let me talk a little bit about what our amendments would do. Our  amendments are very simple.   The first amendment, obviously, would prevent microchip companies  from receiving taxpayer assistance unless they agree to issue warrants  or equity stakes to the Federal Government. If private companies are  going to benefit from over $53 billion in taxpayer subsidies, the  financial gains made by these companies must be shared with the  American people, not just wealthy shareholders. In other words, all  this amendment says is that if these companies want taxpayer  assistance, we are not going to socialize all of the risks and  privatize all of the profits. If these investments turn out to be  profitable as a direct result of these Federal grants, the taxpayers of  this country have a right to get a return on this investment.   This is not a radical idea. These are exact conditions that were  imposed on corporations that received taxpayer assistance in the  bipartisan CARES Act, which passed the Senate 96 to 0. It is not a  radical idea.   I believe in industrial policy. That means the government works with  the private sector. It does not mean that the government simply gives  the private sector everything they want with no protection to the  taxpayer. So if the result of these $53 billion in grants is these  companies make money, that is good--that is good--but the taxpayers who  helped invest in these new production facilities should be able to  enjoy some of those profits as well and get some of that money returned  to them.   The second amendment is really a very, very simple one. It asks: Why  in God's name would we be giving $10 billion to a company owned by the  second wealthiest person in this country, Jeff Bezos? If Mr. Bezos  wants to go to the  [[Page S1769]]  Moon, if he wants to go to Mars, he wants to go to Saturn, that is his  business. He has every right in the world to do that, but he does not  have a right to ask the taxpayers of this country for $10 billion to  help him make his trip to outer space. This second amendment simply  eliminates that $10 billion grant that goes to Mr. Bezos.   I look forward to winning the support for these two important  amendments, which I think are strongly supported by the American  people.   I yield the floor.   