 Madam President, a week ago, the Senate went on a short  1-week recess back in our State. It was already scheduled for us to be  in our State getting a chance to be able to just interact with people  at home. It was a good week to be able to interact with a lot of people  back home for me personally. But we all watched as we were scattered  around the country in the past week, Russia rolled tanks into Ukraine.  And we watched in horror as Russian aircraft flew over Ukrainian  cities, as they fired their missiles into Ukrainian apartment  complexes, as they have slaughtered their neighbors because Putin  wanted their land and to dominate the region.   All of us, as we got back together this week, were ready to be able  to speak to the issues with Ukraine, ready to be able to stand with the  people of Ukraine, ready to be able to talk about the sanctions and  what was going to happen and how we were going to actually respond to  the Russians murdering their neighbors and a dictator thug trying to  dominate the region.   But instead of that, my Democratic colleagues decided not to talk  about Ukraine when we got back together, but instead they want to talk  about expanding abortion in America.   How incredibly tone-deaf is that?   The whole world is talking about Ukraine and the repression they are  experiencing, and the U.S. Senate is talking about how do we get more  abortions in America? That is what we are going to vote on? That is  what we are going to debate, is how do we increase abortions in America  when the world sees what is happening in Ukraine?   What in the world? How tone-deaf can we be?   This body should be the place we are actually debating the biggest  issues of the day, and, apparently, to my Democratic colleagues, the  biggest issue of the day is how many more abortions can we give in  America because that seems to be bigger than Ukraine, bigger than 7.5  percent inflation, bigger than $30 trillion in debt, bigger than  anything. The most important thing is, how can we take the life of more  children?   What has this body become when there is an obsession with abortion?  This is the most pro-abortion President this country has ever had and  the most pro-abortion Democratic Party our country has ever seen.   It is now impermissible to be a Democrat and to support the life of  children. You are pushed out of the party. And it has moved from where  it used to be that the vast majority of Democrats were pro-life  Democrats. Then it was fewer and fewer and fewer. And now it has moved  from you can't just not be pro-life, now you have to actually be pro- abortion--well beyond pro-choice. Now you have to find ways to increase  abortions in America to be accepted in the party.   This is not where America is.   The bill that is being brought to the floor in just minutes from  now--in the middle of a war in Ukraine--is not about protecting  Ukrainians. It is not even about protecting children in our country. It  is about destroying children in our country.   This bill is being advertised as we are just going to codify Roe. It  is not just going to codify Roe. This is talking about stripping away  every protection from every child in the womb from any State in the  country.    This particular bill prohibits parental notification. If a child  wants to get an abortion, this bill says to the parents: You don't get  to know if your child is having an abortion.   By the way, name another medical procedure that the parents are not  allowed to be able to know about for their own child.   This takes away waiting periods. It takes away health and safety  standards for abortion clinics. Abortion clinics in every State can't  have health and safety standards because, for those clinics  [[Page S822]]  that take the lives of children, we don't care what they look like or  about the health and safety standards of them.   It takes away ultrasound requirements. This bill literally says to  expectant moms: You don't need to know what is going on in your body.  We will just take care of it for you.   So no State is allowed to be able to inform a mom of what is actually  happening in her own body because the goal of this is not getting  information to moms; the goal of this is to increase abortions because  all that happens with an ultrasound is the giving of information to the  mom and letting her choose. Oh, no. That is not acceptable because she  may choose life, and this bill is determined to increase the number of  abortions in America.   I remember a time when my Democrats used to talk about safe, legal,  and rare. Now, they just want it safe, legal, and common. What have we  become?   This bill is the ``1 Minute from Infanticide'' bill. It mandates  abortion in every State up to the moment of birth. That is North Korea.  That is China. It is not the United States of America except for this  Senate. They want to be more like North Korea and China, apparently,  and to be able to follow their great humanitarian example and be a  nation that takes the lives of children rather than protects each child  as precious.   They look in the womb and see a business model. I look in the womb  and see 10 fingers and 10 toes and a beating heart and a functioning  nervous system and DNA that is different than the mom's or the dad's  DNA. In every definition of science, that is a unique person and a  unique child, but it only seems to be a nuisance to some. I don't think  children are a nuisance; I think children are precious.   On a day when we should be talking and debating about protecting life  in Ukraine, this body, instead, and my Democratic colleagues don't want  to talk about Ukraine; they just want to talk about abortion--again. It  is heartbreaking that that is where we are.   It is also heartbreaking that this body has become this focused when  the rest of the country is saying: How can we add limits to abortion?   The latest poll reads that 71 percent of Americans want at least some  restrictions on abortion, but, oh, no, not in this body. Apparently,  there are people who disagree with the American people, and they say:  No limits--any moment, any time, any child.   I don't believe a single person in this Chamber should vote for this  bill, not only because of what it does to the States but because of  what it does to just decent people. If you are an individual, working  in a hospital today who, when you were hired, said, ``I went into the  medical profession to save life, not take it,'' and when you were hired  as a nurse or as a doctor, you said, ``I don't want to perform  abortions,'' that is allowed right now under law. It wouldn't be under  this. If you go into the medical profession, you will perform abortions  when the Democrats in DC tell you to perform abortions, because they  want more.   Conscience protections are taken away in this bill. People of  conscience, people of faith, who say ``I don't want to take the lives  of children'' will be required or they will lose their jobs. Oh. By the  way, if you try to slow someone down from getting an abortion, this  bill actually gives someone the right to sue you if you try to limit  them from having an abortion.   This is, by far, the most extreme pro-abortion bill that has ever  been put in front of Congress--ever. It was done when we should have  been debating Ukraine, but Ukraine is not important--abortion is. So my  Democratic colleagues did this instead, today, as the callback vote in  their response to Putin's aggression. Well, I disagree. I disagree.   I yield the floor.   