 Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of  this legislation, the Bipartisan Safer Communities Act.   While the tragic loss of 19 precious children and 2 teachers in  Uvalde, Texas, and the disgusting racially motivated slaughter in  Buffalo, New York, captured the Nation's attention, we know that gun  violence survivors and their allies across our country have been  working every day to prevent the gun violence that kills 30 people  every day and over 100 when you factor in accidents and suicides.   The Bipartisan Safer Communities Act passes three important tests. It  is legal, it has the votes, and it saves lives. This bill saves lives  by targeting convicted domestic abusers and felons coercing someone to  illegally purchase a gun for them. This bill saves lives by  strengthening school safety and mental health resources.   This bill and the millions of gun violence victims and gun violence  survivors deserve a ``yes'' vote today from every Member in this  Chamber. A majority of Americans and responsible gun owners know this  bill is important.   Mr. Speaker, I urge everyone to vote ``yes.''    Mr. Speaker, the Congresswoman from  Michigan, Debbie Dingell, is correct. It is the intent that the  Department of Justice promulgate regulations to govern the application  of Section 12005, including defining the terms `serious,' `continuing,'  `recent,' and `recently.' It is the intent that this law capture dating  relationships in the way they happen in the lives of victims of dating  violence.    Mr. Speaker, I associate myself with the  comments of my esteemed colleague from Michigan. Under California law,  `dating relationship' means frequent, intimate associations primarily  characterized by the expectation of affectional or sexual involvement  independent of financial considerations. Similar to the law in  Michigan, the law in California very clearly parallels the definition  of `dating relationship' in the Bipartisan Safer Communities Act, and  it is my intent and understand in voting for this bill that a  conviction for a misdemeanor crime of domestic violence against a  dating partner under California law is sufficient to trigger the  expanded dating violence prohibitor.   