 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for  his leadership on this matter. Yes, we shouldn't be talking about  disarming the American people when it is my colleagues on the other  side of the aisle that are leaving the American people exposed to  dangerous cartels and dangerous narcotics flying through your  communities and dangerous criminal gang members and criminals that are  coming in and harming the American people, including people that are  affiliated with terrorist countries and organizations. My colleagues on  the other side of the aisle don't seem to care a whit about that.    Yesterday, Mayor Bowser was all upset because 4,000 people have been  bused to D.C. from Texas since April. 4,000 people. Do you know how  many people were apprehended in Texas yesterday? About 4,000 people.   Welcome to the party. Because that is the reality of what we are  dealing with at our southern border. Virtually all of the people being  apprehend are being released into the United States under notice to  appear or parole. There is only one barrier to all being released, and  that is the use of title 42 during a pandemic.  [[Page H7495]]    Now, I notice a number of the staff, a number of the folks on the  other side of the aisle, people that are still masked. We still are  under emergency declarations, and yet, we are going to allow people to  flow into this country, and we are going to remove the one last vestige  of security that this administration remotely will actually look at and  use: title 42 at our border.   They are building facilities to process more people to release them  into the United States.   Mayor Bowser wants to complain and then call out the National Guard  because 4,000 people were shipped from Texas to D.C.; the 4,000 that  Texas gets on a daily basis. Again, welcome to the dang party.   You know what? Do you know what you are not talking about, my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle? The 73 human beings caught  in a stash house in Washington, D.C., this week. Seventy-three human  beings in a stash house in our Nation's Capital. But my colleagues on  the other side of the aisle, my colleagues particularly on the  Judiciary Committee, brushed that aside, patting themselves on the back  in the false name of compassion for how much they love Brown people for  having open borders. Well, the Brown people in south Texas are sick and  tired of it. The Brown people of south Texas that I know, the  candidates on my side of the aisle, are standing up for a secure  border, and that begins with enforcing our laws under title 42 during a  pandemic to ensure that we turn people away.   My friend, Yvette Herrell, introduced a bill that would solve the  problem, and that is what we would proceed to. We have a discharge  petition that would unleash that bill. I welcome any of my colleagues  on the other side of the aisle to join that discharge petition,  perhaps, particularly if you are in a tough race. You might want to go  home and say that you actually care about a secure border.   But what I will tell you is, is that we should be moving to secure  the border of the United States, rather than this fool's errand of the  unconstitutional taking of Americans' Second Amendment rights.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Ohio for yielding.   Fact: This assault weapons ban bill is unconstitutional. Chairman  Nadler even recognized, when he stated that ``the problem is that these  weapons are in common use.'' And in Heller, the Supreme Court ruled  that the Bill of Rights clearly protects firearms in common use. This  is an unconstitutional piece of legislation.   Fact: The assault weapons bill will ban weapons in common use, and my  colleague will most assuredly target citizens to take their guns.   In the words of Democratic perpetual candidate Beto O'Rourke: Hell,  yes, we are going to take your AR-15 and your AK-47.   That is the truth, and everyone knows it. Don't hide behind it.  Everybody knows precisely what my colleagues on the other side of the  aisle are doing.   Fact: Less than 2 percent of all prisoners had a firearm obtained  from a retail source at the time they committed their crimes. Only 13  percent of the offenders in State prison populations obtained their  firearms from retail stores. Criminals usually don't get their guns at  gun stores through legal channels. That is a fact.   Another fact: Upwards of 80 percent crimes are committed by people  with prior arrest records, often by people with prior convictions for  violent crimes or prior weapons offenses, and almost none of our gun  control proposals--and particularly this one--are targeting this group.  That is the truth.   Those are the facts. The fact is, as Thomas Jefferson said: ``The  strongest reason for the people to retain the right to keep and bear  arms is, as a last resort, to protect themselves against tyranny in  government.''   This is the precise kind of tyranny that my colleagues are exercising  today, precisely when they are opening our borders up to lawless  cartels and gangs, and precisely when they are defunding the police.  Precisely when they are making our communities unsafe, they want to  limit the ability of the American people to defend themselves and to  exercise their Second Amendment rights to protect their families.   That is what is happening on the floor so my colleagues can appeal to  their liberal White voters while they ignore the Black men and women  and Brown men and women who are buying weapons to defend themselves in  criminal hellholes in our country.   