 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time  as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of this bill. I appreciate the  bipartisan leadership of Chairman  Greg Meeks as we see this  legislation today. America has always been a country on the forefront  of innovation. As a Nation, we imagine the impossible and make it a  reality, as Congressman Meeks has so well pointed out.   As a leader in the development of high-tech innovations, the United  States has built our national strength on our technological prowess.  This includes some of the advanced technology that powers everything  from our advanced aerospace and weapons systems, to our household  appliances, and the GPS system in our cars.   Over the last few decades, we have seen American innovation stolen by  the People's Republic of China, the Chinese Communist Party,  threatening our technological leadership. If China can't buy our  technology, they will steal it.   Just a few weeks ago, a year's-long malicious cyber operation by the  PRC  [[Page H10024]]  was uncovered. It is estimated to have siphoned off trillions of  dollars in intellectual property from around 30 multinational companies  within the manufacturing, energy, and pharmaceutical sectors.   Time and time again, we have seen the PRC do anything to gain a  technological edge. We must recognize the PRC as a strategic  competitor, and we have a right to treat them as such.   While I wholeheartedly support this measure and urge my colleagues to  do the same, we must also examine the Department of Commerce's Bureau  of Industry and Security. We must ensure that the United States has the  necessary export controls in place to prevent the sale of advanced  technology that could be used against us.   We recently witnessed a PRC hypersonic missile test, which circled  the globe and landed with precision. This was only possible through  U.S. technology that was sold to them. This should be a wake-up call to  all Americans.   This is not just an intellectual property issue. It is a national  security issue. That is why this bill is so important. It requires  Congress be provided a list of any individual or firm that has engaged  in, benefited from, or provided support for the theft of U.S. trade  secrets.   If any entity is found to do so, the United States can levy sanctions  against that entity--setting export prohibitions, preventing loans from  U.S. and international financial institutions, and prohibiting banking  transactions.   This legislation would severely penalize those engaged in  intellectual property theft, and more importantly, take proactive steps  to end the rampant theft of American innovation.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important  national security measure, and I reserve the balance of my time.    I yield myself the balance of my time.   Madam Speaker, this is, again, an indication of bipartisanship. I  appreciate Chairman  Greg Meeks and referencing the speech last night,  the historic speech by the President of Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelenskyy.  It was bipartisan.   Initially, the unintended action of war criminal Putin was to unify  Republicans and Democrats in a bipartisan manner due to the depravity  of the invasion and the mass murder being conducted in Ukraine.   But actually, we saw last night, Republicans and Democrats have come  together to respect the resolve and the capabilities of the people of  Ukraine to defend themselves. It is so inspiring and again, unintended.   War criminal Putin has brought Republicans and Democrats together;  has brought NATO together and expanded NATO with Finland and Sweden;  how incredible.   He has achieved, sadly, but it is really good that the European Union  now is actively supporting the people of Ukraine. Then worldwide, it is  not America alone helping the people of Ukraine. We have substantial  efforts by South Korea, by Japan, worldwide, dozens of countries that  are helping.   Again, I appreciate Congressman Meeks raising that because it was a  bipartisan initiative that now we can proceed with this to take action  against the continuous threat of American intellectual property.   According to former Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, the U.S. has  closed the People's Republic of China consulate in Houston because it  was a ``den of spies'' and a ``hub of spying and intellectual property  theft.''   We have seen the PRC steal research from our universities. We can  also, sadly, be sure this is happening all across America as we speak.  This must stop.   We must end the theft and sale of U.S. technology to China to build  their war machine. We must prepare for the next great global power  competition, and that starts by instituting strong export controls and  passing this legislation to stem the tide of American intellectual  property theft.   I support this legislation, and I urge my colleagues to do the same.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   