 Madam Speaker, in a peewee sports competition, you can  make the case that if you are competing, you are winning. But when it  comes to global standing, energy independence, and economic security,  there are no participation trophies. Our goal can't be to just compete.  We have to dominate because if we are not winning in this area, we are  losing. And if America loses, the world loses.   Unfortunately, this so-called COMPETES Act would place America on the  loser's bench. I am baffled why, at a time when gas prices are  skyrocketing from Putin's war in Ukraine, and more Americans than ever  are facing economic instability, this majority is still laser-focused  on a blind, green-energy political agenda when America needs a  rational, domestic energy plan that results in reliable, affordable,  and clean energy.    Our constituents are paying almost $5 a gallon to fill their cars.  Yet, I am hearing my Democrat colleagues suggest the solution is just  to buy an electric vehicle. What a slap in the face to thousands of  hardworking men and women that President Biden put out of their jobs by  canceling pipelines and shuttering American mines, while turning to  international adversaries like Russia, China, Iran, and Venezuela to  solve the energy and mineral crisis he created.   Madam Speaker, no, if we really want to win, we must unleash the full  power of American energy and mineral development by processing permits,  issuing leases, streamlining the regulatory process, and giving our own  homegrown industries the ability to use our American resources. We can  and we will do that safer, cleaner and faster than anyone else in the  world.   Where China uses child and slave labor to mine minerals vital to  batteries and computers, we can use state-of-the-art technology to  access those minerals that are right here in the U.S.   Where Russia controls oil rights and uses it as political leverage,  we can produce energy for our own people and be an exporter to our  allies.   Madam Speaker, we have no other option than to win.   I urge my colleagues to give Americans the power to develop,  innovate, and unleash our full potential. If you look around, Democrat  strategies are proving to be losing strategies. Americans can't afford  higher prices and more incompetence. Let's begin to put an end to the  madness by passing this motion to instruct.   Madam Speaker, I encourage that.   