 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Mississippi for  yielding. I thank the gentlewoman from Wyoming for her courage in  standing for the truth.   I disagree with many things that the previous speaker said. I  disagree with his premises and with his conclusion in many respects.  But I do agree with him on one thing: This vote is about the character  of the House--I agree with him on that--which is why 435 of us ought to  vote for this resolution, so that the House can do its duty.   Madam Speaker, once again we are forced to take this step, asking the  Justice Department to charge individuals with criminal contempt for  refusing to answer subpoenas as issued by the committee investigating  the attack on our Capitol and our democracy on January 6, 2021.   The two gentlemen of which the previous speaker spoke I don't know. I  have no quarrel with them individually. But we are a Nation of laws,  not of men, and if we are to be a Nation of laws, then we need to  respond to legal process; and if we think the assertions are wrong, we  need to make our case.    On the merits of this resolution there should be no doubt, and it is  about the character of this House, the courage of this House to seek  honesty, to seek truth. The individuals in question had intimate  knowledge of the former President's actions and decisions on that day.  No matter who their children are, no matter what their life has been,  they have knowledge that it is important for the American people to  have through their Representatives in Congress.   Americans must have a full accounting of what transpired on January 6  and in the weeks leading up to it and perhaps subsequent. That is what  the bipartisan select committee has been tasked with undertaking, by a  vote of this House. Sadly, I expect maybe most of my colleagues across  the aisle will vote against this resolution. It is about the character  of this House.   Perhaps they agree with the Republican National Committee, which has  said that the violent Trump-led insurrection at the U.S. Capitol, the  deaths and injury of U.S. Capitol police officers, and an effort to  prevent the certification of an election was, and I quote the  Republican National Committee, ``legitimate political discourse.''   How can anybody make that assertion? How can anybody in the  Republican National Committee vote for it? Why doesn't everybody on the  Republican Party side of the aisle say, ``That is not what we  believe''? Silence prevails.   There is no doubt that the insurrection on January 6 itself was a  danger to our democracy, but I agree with The Washington Post columnist  and former White House speech writer for Republican President George W.  Bush, Michael Gerson, who wrote on December 16, ``It is Republican  tolerance for the intolerable that threatens American democracy.''   Very frankly, my friends on the other side of the aisle ought to be  celebrating those in their ranks who have the courage to stand up for  the truth. I have told Liz Cheney, if John Kennedy were writing his  book on Profiles in Courage today, I would urge him to include her and  Adam Kinzinger in that book.   January 6 was a day of peril for America, but the greater crisis is  when one of our two main political parties has become so hijacked by  extremism and so enthralled to a dangerous demagogue that it condones,  even celebrates insurrection and violence.   Madam Speaker, how can the same party that claims it honors law  enforcement simultaneously declare that violent attacks against police  officers are legitimate? How can one of our two political parties be so  craven for short-term partisan gain that it is willing to encourage and  condone insurrection? How can its Members use their sacred votes in the  House, the people's House, in an effort to impede the investigation of  this dark and dangerous day in the history of our democracy?   That is what this vote is about. Not only the character of this  House, but the character of this country, the character of the people  who demand, hopefully, truth, because that is what will set us all  free.   Because that is what this vote is about: Whether you believe that the  violent attack on January 6, one in which a mob threatened the life of  the Republican Vice President and threatened the life of the Speaker of  this House--the Speaker of all the House--in an attempt to overthrow  our democracy, does that constitute legitimate political discourse?  Madam Speaker, I can't believe Americans believe that.   We must reject that theory, that the violence that we saw on January  6, the hate that we saw on January 6, is somehow legitimate political  discourse, because if people believe that, then our democracy is in  grave danger. This vote is about whether you believe a certain  individual can be held above the law in our country. It is about  whether you believe the American people deserve to know all the facts  about January 6 and whether those responsible for the attack ought to  be held responsible. And most fundamentally, Madam Speaker, it is about  whether the Congress can fulfill its constitutional responsibility and  ability to determine the truth.   Madam Speaker, this vote will reveal to us who was willing to show  tolerance for the intolerable. It will reveal to us who is willing to  stand up and defend our democracy and the rule of law, irrespective of  party, irrespective of personality. That is a call to patriotism, to  love of country and to love of Constitution.   My fellow colleagues, let us do our duty to the Constitution, to the  Declaration, to our democracy, and to the people we represent. Vote  ``yes.''   