 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Energy and Natural Resources be discharged from further  consideration of S. 3086 and the Senate  [[Page S3522]]  proceed to its immediate consideration; further, that the bill be  considered read a third time and passed and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President.    Across the country, American families are  fighting harder every week to make ends meet as they deal with  President Biden's raging inflation crisis. Food prices are up. Gas  prices remain at unbearably high levels, and too many families are  having to make the impossible decision of whether to put gas in the  tank or food on the table. It is so tough to be a family in that  position.   I know all too well how this feels and the impacts these high prices  have on families. I grew up in a poor family, with a mom who worked  long hours at her job and also picked up odd jobs just so our family  could get by. We never had any extra money, so when prices went up, we  had to go without.   Families all across the country are in that same spot. People who  have never visited food banks are having to turn to them to feed their  families. Folks are being forced to pawn their things just to afford  gas. It is heartbreaking and makes me furious. Reports are showing it  is happening across America--in Reno, NV; Macon, GA; Yakima, WA; and  the cities in my home State of Florida, like Pensacola and Fort Myers.  These people have to turn to their local pawn shops as they see their  monthly bills grow higher and higher. When President Biden said that we  are going through ``an incredible transition,'' is this what he meant-- Mom and Dad having to sell Bobby's PlayStation and Suzy's doll  collection just so they can afford to take them to school?   Since day 1, President Biden has led a campaign against energy  independence. The White House, EPA, the Department of the Interior, and  the Department of Energy have done everything in their power to make  life more expensive for American families. They have implemented one  policy after another to raise the price of gas and make life tougher  and tougher for hard-working families.   The American people deserve transparency into Biden's Green New Deal  agenda and ought to know why these prices keep going up. That is why I  introduced the GAS PRICE Act last October. Even then, far before the  horrible war in Ukraine began, gas prices were surging higher.   My bill is pretty simple. It would require the Energy Information  Administration to report to Congress on any Federal Agency policies or  regulations that it determines will cause energy prices to rise. All it  does is ask a Federal Agency to provide information to Congress with a  statement of facts on what is causing rising energy prices. Then we can  take this information, see what needs to be fixed, and help the  American people.   I want to thank Senators Marshall, Lummis, Capito, Johnson, Moran,  Blackburn, and Kennedy for cosponsoring this legislation. I also want  to thank Senator Sullivan and Senator Lee for joining me here on the  floor today to talk about the energy inflation Joe Biden is imposing on  Americans.   Considering that we, as Senators, are trusted by the people of our  States to enact policies that improve their lives, I cannot imagine why  anyone would oppose this legislation. Sadly, when I came to the Senate  floor last year to pass this bill, Senate Democrats opposed it.   At that time, I noted that the national average cost was $3.36 per  gallon. Sounds like a bargain today. Since then, the price of gas has  risen dramatically. The average has increased to $4.46. In 15 of the 17  months Joe Biden has been in office, the price of gas has risen.   When I introduced my bill in October, President Biden said he didn't  ``have a near-term answer'' for reducing gas prices. Well, clearly  not--his answer was to raise prices and continue his radical Green New  Deal agenda.   Senate Republicans, meanwhile, do have a plan and have offered  solutions. I have introduced the FREE American Energy Act to expedite  the Federal Agencies' review process of applications for permits,  waivers, licenses, or other authorizations related to energy  production. But we can take a simple first step today by giving  ourselves more information on rising energy prices and pass my GAS  Price Act.   For the sake of American families, we need to figure out what the  heck is going on. So while my colleagues on the other side of the aisle  blocked my bill from passing last year, my hope was that, as they have  watched their constituents suffer for months now under Biden's  leadership, they would have a change of heart. Sadly, that is not what  happened today. It is an absolute shame what has happened in this  Chamber.   I came here with my Republican colleagues to promote and pass  legislation that would improve the lives of American people and make  America less dependent on foreign oil. We came here asking for answers  into Biden's Green New Deal agenda. We are here responding to the pain  American families are facing at the gas pump and trying to solve  problems.   Senate Democrats, meanwhile, have come here to obstruct and blame  shift. They didn't come here to solve problems. They didn't come here  with a different proposal that would alleviate gas prices and ensure  long-term energy independence and sustainability. They came here to  make the problem worse. They want to emulate the policies of Germany  and California, where rolling blackouts and energy rations are a  looming threat and where gas has spent most of this year at over $6 per  gallon.   This is not the way forward. The Senate need leaders who are going to  come in and put Americans first. I am grateful for colleagues like  Senator Sullivan and Senator Lee, who are here to do that. But I hope  the American people have been watching what has happened today and see  who it is who really cares about the problems they are facing.   I yield the floor to my colleague from Utah.   