 Mr. Speaker, as a competitive college rugby player at  Dartmouth College, I picked up a love for the game of rugby. I continue  to enjoy watching the sport as a Member of the U.S. Congress. I proudly  serve as the co-chair of the Congressional Rugby Caucus, and I am  honored to be an advocate for the Rugby World Cup. I am thrilled to  rise today to celebrate that the United States has been named the host  site of both the 2031 Men's Rugby World Cup and the 2033 Women's Rugby  World Cup, a monumental accomplishment that brings the third largest  sporting event in the world to our shores.   Earlier this year, my caucus co-chair, Democrat Eleanor Holmes  Norton, and I introduced a bipartisan concurrent resolution to  recognize and support the efforts of USA Rugby and its partners to  bring upcoming Rugby World Cup tournaments to the United States. Rugby  is one of the fastest growing sports in the United States with more  than 100,000 USA Rugby members playing in over 2,500 clubs nationwide.   The United States possesses all the necessary state-of-the-art  infrastructure in its stadiums and potential host cities to ensure that  the tournaments set a new standard of quality, comfort, security, and  safety for players, fans, and sponsors. The eventual location of U.S.- based Rugby World Cup events will be chosen from a group of over one  dozen cities in the United States.   Rugby is about so much more than the tailgaiting and tackling. At its  core, rugby teaches comradery, resilience, and respect for the  opposition. It is also a sport with a massive international reach. With  rugby boasting 405 million fans across the globe, the Men's Rugby World  Cup has become among the most popular sporting events in the world. I  congratulate all the hardworking individuals at USA Rugby who have  spent a huge amount of time and effort on the lengthy and involved bid  process. I would also like to recognize the efforts and vision of the  leadership from World Rugby and the World Rugby Council.   This moment marks a pivotal turning point for the sport of rugby in  the United States and around the world. This will be the first time a  Men's Rugby World Cup has been held in North or South America. A new  hosting concept has been put in place as the United States stages  consecutive men's and women's events within the same organizational  structure.   A projected 4.1 million fans will attend both the men's and women's  Rugby World Cup events in the United States. Recent Rugby World Cup  tournaments have brought more than 242,000 international fans from  around the world into the host countries and seen more than 1.7 million  spectators flock to the stadiums, generating significant revenue at the  local and national level.   USA and World Rugby will now lead a multi-year effort to build  anticipation for 2031 and 2033 while developing infrastructure to  guarantee successful tournaments. Additionally, USA Rugby will use the  next decade to drive significant investment in the game at the youth  level, increase access to and diversity in rugby, take rugby to the  next level at the high school and college levels, and grow USA Rugby  membership to 450,000 members.   Bringing this event home is great news for our country and for the  future of the great sport of rugby in our Nation.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arizona for yielding.   