 Mr. President, well, here we are, again, into the  month of December with crucial business unfinished. Republicans spent  months urging the Democratic majority not to neglect this year's  National Defense Authorization Act, not to leave our Armed Forces to  the last minute.   Five months ago, I called on our colleagues to process the Defense  bill as soon as possible; but, instead, the majority has prioritized  not just gigantic partisan spending sprees, but also a parade of mid- level nominations.   The Democratic leader didn't even bring a Senate NDAA to the floor,  forcing Senators Reed and Inhofe to conduct an informal conference with  the House with a weakened hand. When the Republicans controlled the  government, we put our servicemembers first.   In 2017, the Senate passed our version of NDAA in September, and we  had voice-voted the conference report by Thanksgiving. In 2018, the  Republican Senate was completely finished with NDAA by early August.  But on Democrats' watch, the Senate's schedule has not matched the  Nation's needs. We have spent time on less important matters while both  the authorization and funding for our servicemembers have languished  until the eleventh hour.   Even now--even now--House and Senate Democrats are still obstructing  [[Page S6973]]  efforts to close out the NDAA by trying to jam in unrelated items with  no relationship whatsoever to defense. We are talking about a grab bag  of miscellaneous pet priorities--like making our financial system more  sympathetic to illegal drugs or the phony partisan-permitting reform  in-name-only language that has already failed to pass the Senate  earlier this year.   If Democrats wanted these controversial items so badly, they had 2  years to move them across the floor. Heck, they could have scheduled  those matters for votes this week. But, no, we are doing more mid-level  nominations while Democrats keep half-threatening to take our Armed  Forces hostage over these extraneous matters.   So there is an old saying that goes ``Poor planning on your part does  not necessitate an emergency on the part of other people.'' The  Democrats' failure to plan ahead for unrelated liberal pet priorities  should not be creating uncertainty and confusion for the brave  servicemembers who keep us safe.   My colleagues across the aisle need to cut their unrelated hostage- taking and put a bipartisan NDAA on the floor.   