 Mr. President, all in 1 year, President Biden killed the  Keystone XL Pipeline; he banned new oil and gas leases on Federal  lands; then, of course, he ended up begging OPEC and Russia to produce  more abroad and then gave the green light to Russia's Nord Stream 2  Pipeline. These actions diminished American energy security. It hurt  our allies and empowered our adversaries. They put the United States  and our partners in the crosshairs of Russia and Vladimir Putin.   At the State of the Union Address, I heard the President say we need  more ``made in America,'' ``made in America,'' ``made in America.''  What I didn't hear him say was that we needed more ``made in America''  energy or more ``made in America'' oil and natural gas.   My bill, the Supporting Made in America Renewable and Traditional  Energy Act, or the SMART Energy Act, will help get the United States  back on track and ensure that our country will remain not only energy  independent and energy secure but that it will become a global energy  dominant player.   My bill supports an ``all of the above'' American energy portfolio. I  want to emphasize that. It is an ``all of the above'' American energy  portfolio.  [[Page S979]]  It doesn't exclude renewables; it includes renewables by requiring the  Biden administration to restart oil and gas leasing and kick-start  renewable energy development on Federal land and waters because now,  more than ever, we need to be supporting American energy development to  help lower energy costs for American families and support our allies.   Take a look at what is happening in Europe and Russia as it relates  to energy prices and national security, all of which, of course, are  interconnected. We should examine what Germany has done over the course  of the last 10 to 15 years as an example of what not to do. By the way,  it takes, I guess, a war on Germany's doorstep to suddenly provide  clarity for the Germans to see, yes, they need to be increasing their  investment in NATO. Now, they just in the last 2 weeks decided they are  going to permit two new LNG ports. While looking in the rearview  mirror, they shut down 11 nuclear plants, and they shut down coal  plants. They were not moving forward with LNG plants. Instead, they  wanted that Nord Stream 2 Pipeline built to Russia. Well, they have  changed their thinking on it.   We can't let America get to that same point of following this path of  the very dangerous ideology of shutting down ``made in America'' energy  because, as Europe has continued to stop investing in traditional  energy, they have become more dependent on adversaries like Russia for  energy, and now, the cost of energy is skyrocketing. Sadly, this,  indeed, is a sneak peek into the path that America is headed down if  the Biden administration continues to stonewall traditional American  energy development. We can't let this happen.   Listen, I support an ``all of the above'' energy portfolio. I am  grateful I represent a State that has ``all of the above energy.'' We  have bright skies; we have solar potential; we are a headwater State;  we have amazing hydro resources; we have got winds that come off of our  mountains for wind energy. Yet an ``all of the above'' approach  includes not just renewables but oil, gas, nuclear, and coal.   That is why it is critical that we pass my bill today to promote  renewable and traditional energy here in the United States. It is good  for growing jobs, strengthening our energy security, supporting our  allies, and keeping a reliable and cost-effective source of energy for  the American people.   The question we should all be asking ourselves is, Do we want the  world to be looking to Russia for energy or to the United States for  energy?   My bill supports the latter, and I urge my colleagues to pass it.   Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Energy  and Natural Resources be discharged from further consideration of S.  3214 and that the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration.  Further, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a  third time and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered  made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, clearly, we have two different  philosophies and strategies moving forward as we deal with the crisis  that is unfolding in Europe and Ukraine.   We need more ``made in America'' energy. It is the Green New Deal,  purely clean energy and not including an ``all of the above'' energy  portfolio that I believe is a very dangerous direction to head, as we  have seen exactly what Germany has encountered over the course of the  last 10 years.   They marched down that path, and now, they find themselves in a very,  very dangerous position. And they have had to reverse the course  because they had the same kind of ideals that the Senator from  Massachusetts was talking about. Now, they have had to wake up and look  at the reality of the situation and change course.   By the way, it is not every inch. This bill simply says we need four  lease sales. We are asking for a minimum of four lease sales. That is  what we are asking for.   And when the President shuts down the Keystone Pipeline, shuts down  oil and gas leasing in this country, combined with what we see going on  with FERC being major impediments to building more pipelines, combined  with nominees and those who have been appointed in the Biden  administration and who are very anti-oil and gas, it chills the capital  markets. This is a long-term direction we have got to continue to go  down.   Again, this bill also includes wind, solar, and geothermal priorities  as part of it. So it is all of the above.   I just think it is very dangerous to say we are going to bet the  Nation's future on only one segment of the energy economy and not also  ensure we have oil and gas and coal as part of our broader portfolio.   Just ask the Germans if they thought that was a good idea when they  went down this path 10 to 15 years ago.   Thank you.   