 Mr. Speaker, this is completely disgusting. Everything  about it is disgusting: the fact that it showed up in the middle of the  night, the fact that we knew for essentially a year, everybody in this  place knew what was coming, that this had to be done.   The folks on this side of aisle made sure we were going to do this  right before Christmas. We all know what is going to happen. Everybody  has got to get home for Christmas, not troops that go overseas. They  are not going to be home for Christmas, but you folks are.   This is not about America's priorities, this is about your  priorities, your personal priorities.   You know how we know that? Because your names are on these things.  Somebody wrote this.   Somebody wrote in there that we are going to protect Tunisia and  Egypt's border, but we are not going to do anything to protect our  border. Somebody wrote that. Yeah, I know you are all over there  talking about it, somebody has got a name attached to that, and you are  proud of it.   This is a Christmas tree of 7,000 of your priorities, not America's  priorities.   This does absolutely nothing to fix our border.   It does nothing to fix the fire of fentanyl deaths that are raging  across the United States of America, absolutely nothing at all.   It does nothing to fix the fact that people that I represent can't  afford butter, milk, bread, gasoline, and energy. It does nothing to  fix any of that. These are about your priorities.   Now, my friends on the other side of the aisle say we are not willing  to be constructive. Well, forgive me. Forgive me for voting ``no'' and  not being constructive in playing a part in you destroying our country.  Our country is sick of what you are doing. This is why you are doing it  now.   My friend on the other side of the aisle says, well, this is about  getting things done. People on this side of the aisle don't want to get  things done. Look at what is in this bill, ladies and gentlemen. This  isn't about getting things done. This is about getting things before  you are done. That is what this is. That is why it is happening now.  That is why it is happening the way it is. The American people are sick  of this and it must end.   