 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, every day, Americans get up, go to work,  and do their jobs. It is time that all of us in the Senate do ours.   We have five outstanding nominees for the Federal Reserve. They are  ready. They are ready to get to work fighting inflation. And that fight  is all the more important now as Americans brace for possible impacts  at the gas pump and throughout our economy from Putin's invasion of  Ukraine.   Vladimir Putin has made it clear he doesn't care whom he hurts in his  maniacal quest for power. He has no problem attacking innocent  Ukrainians defending their country and wanting to continue their  freedoms and their democracy. He has no regard for hard-working  families in the United States and Europe and across the world who can't  afford higher energy prices.   Our Senate colleagues of both parties, led in part by the Presiding  Officer today, Senator Murphy, have so far shown a united front against  Putin. We are united in the need for punishing sanctions against Putin  and his cronies. But along with these sanctions, it is our job to do  all we can to make sure Putin's invasion does not hurt hard-working  Americans.   Let's be clear. This body, this administration, this Fed will do all  it can to combat inflation. When it comes to spikes in energy prices  because of Putin's warmongering, our resolve is strong. Our commitment  to democracy is certain.   This is not the moment for political stunts. As we deal with the  first land  [[Page S848]]  war in Europe since World War II, as we confront inflation, as we work  to continue our economic growth--in fact, in the past year, for the  first time in two decades, America's economic growth is stronger than  China's economic growth. Our rate of growth exceeds China's. As we  emerge from this global pandemic, everyone understands we need a full  Federal Reserve Board--the first one in nearly a decade. It has been  since 2013 before we have had all seven members of the Federal Reserve.  The Federal Reserve is in some sense the supreme court of our economy,  as one Nobel Prize-winning economist, Joe Stiglitz, said.   Americans don't want more political theatrics; they want solutions to  take on Putin, to protect our national security, and to bring down  costs. There is no more reason for delay.   These nominees have met with every Senator, five nominees. These  nominees have met with every Senator who asked for a meeting. These  nominees met with staffs of Senators who asked. They offered to meet  with many of my colleagues who refused to meet with them and in a  couple of cases, met with them and were pretty combative, but that is  OK. These nominees did everything we asked of them, and then my  colleagues boycotted the vote--something I have never seen happen, not  just since I have been chair of Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; I  have never seen it since I have been in the Senate, where one party  boycotted a vote and stopped that vote from actually happening as a  result.   These nominees answered every question posed to them at the hearing.  They answered every question submitted for the record. In one nominee's  case, she answered almost 200 questions in a 48-hour period, before the  deadline. Then more questions came in after the deadline, and she still  answered them. All of these nominees have cooperated with both parties  in making sure that we can move forward.   If we are going to continue to grow our economy, we need all seven  Fed Governors in place. We need these professionals working, debating,  and making decisions about monetary policy and interest rates and jobs  and tackling inflation. We need these professionals to do the Fed's  critical work on something we hadn't really thought much about before-- helping prevent cyber attacks in our financial system.   Let me single out one of these five nominees because she has great  expertise in an issue the American public is more and more concerned  about. We know and we have heard discussions in the media about Putin  potentially having interest in cyber attacks against our country,  against Europe, against us. Sarah Bloom Raskin--this is the moment for  her in her record and expertise. She helped lead efforts in both  government and the private sector.    Before she was nominated for the Federal Reserve to be Vice Chair of  Supervision, a key position to weigh risks--risks of cyber attacks,  risks of climate change, risks brought about by many, many banks not  having the capital that they have held that they should--she served as  cochair of the G7 Cyber Expert Group. She is a former Fed Governor. She  was No. 2 at Treasury. She was a banking commissioner in Maryland. She  has elevated this issue of cyber attacks and cyber attack risks on  corporate boards. She played a pivotal role in helping craft the Obama  administration's efforts to combat cyber threats in the financial  industry.   She is the leader we need at this critical moment on all of these  issues, especially cyber. Let's get her on the job. Let's get all of  these nominees on the job.   Dr. Lisa Cook and Dr. Philip Jefferson--they understand workers and  communities that make our economy work.   Dr. Cook was born in a small town in Georgia, graduated from Spelman,  went to Oxford to study as a Truman scholar, and has a Ph.D. from  Berkeley.   Dr. Philip Jefferson grew up in the shadow of RFK Stadium--grew up  with not a lot of material assets--and worked as a young man at the  Federal Reserve before he went back to school and got his Ph.D. He is  now dean of a prestigious school in the Carolinas.   As I said, they understand workers. They understand communities.   Chair Powell and Governor Brainard--the two nominees who have already  been serving on the Fed--led the Fed's extraordinary effort to support  our economy throughout the pandemic.   We need a full Federal Reserve Board. We need a united front to make  our economy stronger, to take on inflation, to take on Putin. I implore  my Republican colleagues: Just show up. Vote no if you want to vote  against these five nominees. That is certainly your right. But we don't  come to the Senate where they hand us a paper and say: Check a box-- ``yes,'' ``no,'' or ``I don't think I will show up and do my job.'' No.  You vote yes or you vote no.   I just implore my colleagues on the Banking, Housing, and Urban  Affairs Committee to show up to cast their votes, and we will then move  forward. We need them to make our economy stronger and to take on  inflation.   The world is looking at us now. We are still the leader of the free  world. To play these political games while in the midst of this awful  attack, this potentially growing land war in Europe, to play games on  the committee and withhold your votes and not show up to work--let's  show the world what a functioning democratic government looks like.  Let's get this done for the people whom we serve.   I yield the floor.   