 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, now on COVID, yesterday afternoon I  announced that Senator Romney and I had reached an agreement for a $10  billion COVID supplemental appropriations package. It took many rounds  of bipartisan talks, many days and nights and weekends of negotiations,  but we have shaken hands on a compromise that the Senate can and should  move forward very soon.   I thank the Senators on both sides of the aisle who participated in  this, and Senators Burr, Blunt, and Graham were involved with Senator  Romney. Senator Coons gets a special shout-out because of his fierce  determination to work on international, on getting an international  thing done. Senator Murray, as well, was very helpful in our  negotiations.   The deal we announced yesterday has the support of Speaker Pelosi and  President Biden, who urged Congress to work quickly to get a bill to  his desk. We are going to work hard to get that done, and I hope my  Republican colleagues will join us to move forward on this legislation.   There is no reason why we shouldn't be able to get this funding  passed. The administration needs it right now, and we all know that our  country is in great need of replenishing our COVID health response  funding. Putting in the work, today, to keep our Nation prepared  against new variants will make it less likely that we get caught off  guard by a new variant down the line.   So this is really essential to America's well-being. It is essential  to getting back to normal. All those who decried that we didn't get to  normal quickly enough should be supportive of this legislation, because  the longer we wait, the more difficult it will be when the next variant  hits.   This $10 billion COVID package will give the Federal Government and  our citizens the tools we need--we depend on--to continue our economic  recovery, to keep our schools open, to keep American families safe. The  package we agreed to will provide billions more for vaccines, more  testing capacity, and--essential--$5 billion for more lifesaving  therapeutics, arguably the greatest need right now for the country.   These therapeutics are great drugs, but if we don't have them at the  ready when the new variant hits, it will let the variant get its  tentacles deeper into our society. But this money will go a long way at  keeping our schools, our businesses, our churches, our communities  running as normally as possible, should a future variant rear its nasty  head.   Approving this package is simply the sensible, responsible, and  necessary thing to do. Republicans and Democrats alike should now work  together  [[Page S1950]]  to make sure we can move this package through the Chamber.   Now, while this funding is absolutely necessary, it is far from  perfect. I am deeply disappointed that some of our Republican friends  could not agree to include $5 billion for global response efforts. I  pushed them hard to include this international funding, as, of course,  did Senator Coons and Senators Graham and Romney because fighting COVID  abroad is intrinsically connected to keeping Americans healthy at home.   It is not just the right thing to do to help struggling nations,  though we certainly have an obligation to help. It is also good for our  country. So it is putting money overseas to prevent COVID from  spreading here, because, remember, every variant--all three variants-- that hit us started overseas and then came here. So that is not only  humanitarian and the moral and right thing to do, but it is in our own  self-interest. I know it sometimes sounds anomalous--sending money  overseas is in our interest--but with COVID, where it germinates and  starts the new variants, inevitably overseas, and then comes to hurt us  is the right thing to do in our own self-interest, even if you had no  humanitarian interest in doing it, which, of course, many of us do have  a great deal of humanitarian interest.    If we don't help the developing nations of the world with vaccines  and treatment, we leave ourselves seriously at risk for potential new  variants. Omicron, after all, started, in all likelihood, in South  Africa, where today less than a third of the population is vaccinated-- fully vaccinated.   It is thus my intention for the Senate to consider a bipartisan  international appropriations package that will include funding to  address COVID-19, as well as other urgent priorities, like aid for  Ukraine and funding for global food insecurity.   I know that many on both sides--I mentioned the names earlier--are  serious about reaching an agreement on this issue. Nevertheless, this  week's agreement is carefully negotiated. We bent over backward when  our Republican colleagues did not want to accept certain kinds of pay- fors which we thought were appropriate and have always been used, but  we thought it was so important to get this done that we did that. It is  a very important step to keeping the country healthy and keeping life  as close to normal in the future as we can.   I want to thank, again, Senator Romney for leading the negotiations  for the Senate Republicans and working in good faith to reach  agreement. I also want to thank, as I mentioned, Coons, Murray, Burr,  Blunt, and Graham for their help and support to reach this bipartisan  agreement, and Chairman Leahy and his staff for their assistance in  putting the legislation together.   Finally, I want to thank the staff of the CBO, the Congressional  Budget Office. They worked around the clock with us to score this  legislation.   So we have taken a massive step closer to getting this important  funding done, and I thank everyone for their good work to reach this  point.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to  consider Calendar No. 860.    I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I proudly and happily send a cloture  motion to the desk.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  resume legislative session and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on  the motion to proceed to H.R. 4373, under the previous order.    For the purposes of reconsideration, I change my vote to  no.    I enter a motion to reconsider.    And I ask unanimous consent to resume executive session.    Mr. President, I want there to be no mistake about what  just happened here on the Senate floor. Republicans blocked a  bipartisan bill that would provide vaccines, testing, and therapeutics  for the American people.   Yesterday, a group of Democrats and Republicans announced we had  reached a bipartisan agreement for COVID relief funding, but today, a  majority of Senate Republicans have blocked this critical and much- needed funding from going forward.   Vaccines, therapeutics, and testing were negotiated in good faith.  And it should not--they should not be held hostage to extraneous,  unrelated issues. This is too important for the health of the American  people. But that seems precisely what some Republicans want to do.   This is a potentially devastating vote for every single American who  is worried about the possibility of a new variant rearing its nasty  head within a few months.   It is devastating for any American who, in the future, looks for a  vaccine or a booster shot, only to be told supplies have run out.   It is devastating for anyone looking down the line to get tested  because they feel sick or want their families safe and discover no  tests are available. It is devastating for anyone who--God forbid-- falls seriously ill but can't access lifesaving therapeutics because  the Federal Government can't purchase new supplies because of the vote  our colleagues on the Republican side of the aisle just took.   Too many Republicans seem to want to play politics at a time when we  need to work together to pass legislation our country desperately  needs. Republicans voted no on vaccines for kids. Republicans voted no  on tests for new COVID variants. Republicans voted no on therapies to  save lives and make us less sick.   Have we learned nothing from the last 2 years of living with this  horrible disease? Have Republicans learned nothing about how lack of  preparation could damage our economy? This money--the money that they  rejected today--will go a long way to keeping our schools, our  businesses, our churches, our communities running as normally as  possible.   If we want to stay at normal, we need these dollars. Without these  dollars, the risk of schools closing, of businesses closing, of public  transportation closing is too large.   Should a future variant rear its nasty head--should a future variant  rear its nasty head--Americans will know who voted against more  funding. An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.   This was a $10 billion agreement that was fully paid for. If there is  another surge, it costs us 10 times that if we are behind the curve  again.   I hope Republicans will get serious about this. It should not be so  difficult for them to do something so good and important for our  country. There is still some time. I hope my Republican colleagues  change their tune quickly.   I yield the floor.   