 For nearly 400 years, the U.S. National Guard has served  as a vital component to our Nation's warfighting and peacekeeping  capabilities.   Guard members are the stewards of the equipment and resources  necessary to assist in times of need, and they are always ready to  respond to our Nation's challenges both at home and abroad.   As a former officer in the Army National Guard, I know that the Guard  is so much more than a weekend a month and 2 weeks a year to those who  serve. It is about service to our Nation and always being ready to  answer the call. It is about neighbors helping neighbors, ready to  respond to anything from a natural disaster, drug seizure, or even a  cyberattack. Members of the Guard are essential to provide the  capabilities to accomplish State and national priorities that we have.   In the Buckeye State, the Ohio National Guard is always ready and  always there. Since 9/11 more than 25,000 Ohio soldiers and airmen have  been deployed all over the world. Over the last 2 years, just as the  Guard members across the country have done, Ohio National Guard members  have been lifesavers throughout the COVID-19 pandemic.   More than 2,000 Ohio National Guard members were deployed to 18  testing centers and 62 hospitals across Ohio as part of clinical and  general support teams. They prevented a crisis of care by providing  patient monitoring, transportation, staffing and administration,  testing, vaccinations, and even food distribution.   I saw their work firsthand at a drive-through testing site in  Columbus where Guard members collaborated with the Ohio State  University to ensure that more than 1,000 Ohioans per day could be  tested during the national testing shortage. It was an amazing  operation that could not have worked without the expertise and  efficiency of our National Guard members.   In conclusion, we cannot thank our National Guard members enough for  what they have done to keep us safe and what they will continue to do  throughout their service.   