 Madam Speaker, I thank my dear friend from Texas for  yielding.   When I was in middle school, we had a textbook for U.S. Government,  and it showed our debt. The line went up and the line went down over  administrations. It spiked in World War II. It was coming down in the  nineties. This is the debt, mind you, not the deficit, the debt. There  was a little dotted line anticipating we would have the debt fully paid  off by, I think, 2002.   Now, some things got in the way around the turn of the millennium,  and that number has spiked. Now, we are at those World War II highs.   As many of my colleagues have alluded to, this is a bipartisan  affliction. Deficit spending knows no party preference. But the idea  that, in just a few short years, we tripled that debt--well, added 50  percent, went from $20 trillion to $30 trillion, $5 trillion of that in  the last 2 years alone.   We were facing the COVID-19 pandemic. Those were dark and frightening  days, and this body reacted swiftly, reacted in good faith. Yet, the  good faith became a good excuse to just keep spending, keep spending,  keep going. That catches up.   The inflation that we are experiencing right now has many fathers.  You have the challenges of unwinding over a decade of quantitative  easing, and that money printer just rolling on and on.   We have the American Rescue Plan, which many of us in this body,  probably many of us here behind me tonight, were warning about the  inflationary impacts that were dismissed at the time, except for a few  brave economists on the left. Larry Summers was pointing that out, but  we just kept going.   Now, the American people, the consumers, are feeling that impact.  They see it every time they drive past the gas station.   I just filled up my gas tank. For the first time, it cost me over  $100. That has never been the case. I know many who have more than a  20-gallon tank are experiencing that even worse.   The question on behalf of constituents we talk to is: What are you  going to do? What are you going to do in Congress about this?   The challenge is inflation, debt spending. These are challenging  issues, right? You can't put the genie back in the bottle. I mean,  maybe we could accelerate the creation of a time machine and go back  and show what occurred and what the consequences were of those  policies, come back into this body to February 2021 with the American  Rescue Plan, or even go back to when that middle school textbook I had  was written, showing the dangers.   But just in the time I have been here, our cost to service the debt,  that 10-year Treasury bond, has tripled in terms of what this impact  will be on us fiscally.   We talk about the budgets that we pass, that spending. That is only a  third of how much money is going out the door.   I applaud my colleagues who are working on the TRUST Act and other  efforts to just come to some bipartisan consensus because this will be  something that impacts all generations.   I am acutely aware of that, looking at young families and the burden  this is putting on them, and just how much that debt very rapidly is  going to be a long-term drag on our fiscal growth, on our economic  vitality that underpins our standing in the world and our position as a  superpower.   If we don't get that house in order and get it in order fast, and  start laying down the groundwork--it doesn't have to be bold right  away. It will need to be bold eventually. But, by golly, we need to  start heading down that right path and that right path soon.    