 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be  permitted to complete my remarks before the rollcall.    Mr. President, September 9, 2021, over a year ago, was  supposed to be a historic day in America's efforts to stop the  purveyors of candy- and fruit-flavored e-cigarettes from preying on  America's kids. September 9, 2021, was the deadline, and it was set by  a Federal judge for the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to finally-- finally--clear its enormous backlog of applications from e-cigarette  companies seeking to sell their products in America.   Companies that can prove that their vaping products are, in fact,  ``appropriate for the protection of public health,'' they can go ahead  and sell their products legally, but e-cigarette products can't meet  that standard. They can't demonstrate a benefit to public health.  Vaping, as we know, is dangerous and addictive, and these companies,  like the tobacco companies of years gone by, are preying on our  children.   FDA had a legal mandate to ban these products from U.S. markets on  September 9, 2021, but the Food and Drug Administration failed to meet  the deadline--not by 1 day, not by 1 week, not even by 1 month. Last  Friday marked the 1-year anniversary of the FDA's failure to meet this  Federal court order.   As of today, the FDA has completed reviews of about half of these e- cigarette products that represent a large share of the market. As a  result of FDA's inaction, dangerous, kid-friendly e-cigarettes remain  available on store shelves without FDA review or authorization. The  cops are not on the beat.   There are consequences to this action. The Truth Initiative is a  nonprofit consortium of health groups that aims to protect young people  from using tobacco. It estimates that, in the year since the FDA missed  the court-ordered deadline to approve or  reject e-cigarette applications, nearly 2\1/2\ million kids in America  started using vaping products. Many of these young people will go on to  develop nicotine addictions, with serious harm to their health. That is  the human cost of this FDA failure.   Now the FDA says: Well, we might be able to finish this by 2023, 2  years after the Federal court-ordered date. And that is not the only  deadline the FDA has blown when it comes to protecting kids from  nicotine. After parents and public health groups demanded the FDA take  action against candy-flavored, nicotine-spiked e-cigarettes, the vaping  industry came out with a brandnew miracle product designed to evade FDA  jurisdiction: synthetic nicotine. Products like Puff Bar are incredibly  popular with middle and high school students. These new synthetic  nicotine products include all the health dangers of traditional e- cigarettes, none of the regulation. When Congress learned about this  loophole, we changed the law to say that the FDA had jurisdiction over  synthetic nicotine products.   To make matters worse, even when the FDA does review a product and  issues a denial, many e-cigarette companies just ignore them. It has  reached a point that they are not viewed seriously. The No. 1 regulator  of food and drugs in America, when it comes to protecting our kids from  these deadly, addictive products, isn't viewed seriously.   The FDA has the legal right and the legal authority to do so. They  can pull these products off the shelves tomorrow. Yet, with respect to  illegal e-cigarettes, they do nothing--nothing.   Look, I understand they are understaffed. I understand they are  underresourced. FDA is not currently authorized to collect user fees  for  e-cigarettes, as it does for so many other products. And Congress fails  to appropriate the funds many times that they need.   These are real problems, but they do not absolve the FDA of its  repeated failure to effectively regulate e-cigarettes. I am at my wits'  end when FDA continues to miss these court-ordered deadlines, fails to  enforce orders, and shows a lack of urgency when it comes to vaping  products.   Last week, I asked Health and Human Services Secretary Becerra to  step in. If FDA cannot or will not do its job, then it is time for the  lead Agency, Health and Human Services, to take a more active role. The  FDA cannot continue to let unscrupulous e-cigarette companies flout the  law and put their own profits ahead of the health of our kids. This has  to stop.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   