 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania  (Mr. Kelly) for allowing me to speak on such an important issue. As my  colleague mentioned, my friend, any loss of life is tragic. What is  even more tragic is the loss of life that could have been prevented.   I want to make sure that there is no doubt where I stand when it  comes to defending human life, especially the life of the unborn. That  is why every day I wear this pin on my collar that represents the size  of a baby's feet at 10 weeks after conception, a baby that has a  heartbeat, a baby that is alive.   I have two children and three granddaughters, and after holding each  one of them in my arms for the very first time after they were born, I  know what we all know, that before they were born, they were children.  They are human life, and they deserve the opportunity for that  inalienable right of life.   When two healthy individuals go to the doctor for a procedure and  only one life comes out of that procedure, that is not healthcare. In  fact, it is the exact opposite of healthcare.   We hear a lot of people talking about reproductive rights, and I am  all about people being able to exercise all of their rights, but when  an individual exercises their reproductive rights, the baby, the child,  deserves to be born.   The left has said many times that overturning Roe v. Wade is radical.  Well, from what we have heard about the decision, it simply puts it  back into the legislatures of the States. Overturning Roe v. Wade is  not radical. What is radical is allowing abortions up until the day of  a baby's birth. That is radical. One thing that I want to be remembered  for when the good Lord calls me home is the fact that during my  lifetime, if nothing else, I will be remembered that I fought for life.  I fought to defend those babies before they were born.   The chart that we see over here says that there have been 327,649  abortions so far this year. That is almost 2,500--it is 2,482 abortions  per day in the United States of America. I call that a pandemic. And  that is one that is preventable.   I think we should be doing everything we can in the people's House to  make sure all the babies in the United States of America have that  constitutional right, that inalienable right to  [[Page H4914]]  life. I thank the gentleman for yielding to me.   