 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, before I begin, I want to say something  about the House-passed Respect for Marriage Act, which would enshrine  marriage equality into Federal law, which I fully and strongly support.   This legislation is so important. I was really impressed by how much  bipartisan support it got in the House. It passed 267 to 157. Forty- seven Republicans--about a quarter, a little less than a quarter of  their caucus; maybe a fifth--voted for the bill. The legislation is so  important.   I spoke to Senator Baldwin, who is one of the leaders of this  legislation in the Senate, this morning, and she is talking to  Republicans to see where the support is. I want to bring this bill to  the floor, and we are working to get the necessary Senate Republican  support to ensure it would pass.    Mr. President, as I announced earlier today, in a few  moments, I will file cloture on a major piece of legislation that will  help our country lower costs, increase American manufacturing,  strengthen supply chains, and preserve American competitiveness on into  the 21st century. It is a very significant piece of legislation, and it  will ensure that America and the American economy remain No. 1 on into  the 21st century.   Specifically, our chips-plus package will now include incentives for  domestic microchip projection, including ITC; support for our wireless  communication supply chain--ORAN--and billions dedicated to scientific  research, which includes many of the provisions Senator Young and I  authored in the Endless Frontier Act in partnership 2 years ago.   By filing cloture tonight, we are keeping this bill on track for  final passage very soon. There has been strong bipartisan support  already behind this legislation so I hope we can come to an agreement  to get it done as quickly as it can because it is so important for the  future of the country.   Mr. President, what is the pending business?    I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to executive session to consider the following nomination:  Calendar No. 996, Carmen G. Cantor, of Puerto Rico, to be an Assistant  Secretary of the Interior; that the Senate  [[Page S3528]]  vote on the nomination without intervening action or debate; that the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that  any statements related to the nomination be printed in the Record; that  the President be immediately notified of the Senate's action and the  Senate resume legislative session.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at a time to  be determined by the majority leader in consultation with the  Republican leader of the Senate to proceed to executive session to  consider the following nomination: Calendar No. 902; that there be 10  minutes of debate equally divided in the usual form; that upon the use  or yielding back of time, the Senate proceed to vote without  intervening action or debate on the nomination; that if confirmed, the  motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no  intervening action or debate; that no further motions be in order and  any related statements be printed in the Record; that the President be  immediately notified of the Senate's action and the Senate resume  legislative session.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate  proceed to the immediate consideration of Calendar No. 434, S. Res.  669.    I ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported  substitute amendment to the resolution be agreed to.    I know of no further debate on the resolution, as  amended.    I ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported  substitute to the preamble be agreed to, the preamble, as amended, be  agreed to; and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration,  and the Senate now proceed to S. Res. 686.    I ask unanimous consent the resolution be agreed to, the  preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made  and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be discharged from  further consideration and the Senate now proceed to S. Res. 694.    I ask unanimous consent the resolution be agreed to, the  Johnson amendment to the preamble at the desk be agreed to, that the  preamble as amended be agreed to, and that the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Foreign Relations be discharged from further consideration  and the Senate now proceed to S. Res. 706.    I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed  to, the preamble be agreed to, and that the motions to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table.    Mr. President, I understand that there is a bill at the  desk, and I ask for its first reading.    Mr. President, I now ask for a second reading, and in  order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule  XIV, I object to my own request.    I yield the floor.   