 Madam Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 979, I call  up the bill (H.R. 963) to amend title 9 of the United States Code with  respect to arbitration, and ask for its immediate consideration in the  House.   The Clerk read the title of the bill.    Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members  may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks  and insert extraneous material on H.R. 963.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, H.R. 963, the Forced Arbitration Injustice Repeal Act,  or the FAIR Act, is critical legislation that would restore access to  justice for millions of Americans who are currently locked out of the  court system and are forced to settle their disputes against companies  in a private system of arbitration that is often skewed in the  company's favor over the individual.   Private arbitration has been transformed, by 40 years of reckless  Supreme Court decisions, from a voluntary forum for companies to  resolve commercial disputes into a legal nightmare for millions of  consumers, employees, and others who are forced into arbitration and  are unable to enforce certain fundamental rights in court.   By burying a forced arbitration clause deep in the fine print of  take-it-or-leave-it consumer and employment contracts, companies can  evade the court system, where plaintiffs have far greater legal  protections, and hide wrongdoing behind a one-sided process that is  tilted in their favor.   For example, arbitration generally limits discovery; does not adhere  to the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure; can prohibit class actions,  which it almost always does; and deny the right of appeal. Worse yet,  arbitration allows the proceedings, and often even the results, to stay  secret, thereby permitting companies to avoid public scrutiny of  potential misconduct.   For millions of workers and consumers, the precondition, whether they  know it or not, of obtaining a basic service or product, such as a bank  account, a cell phone, a credit card, or even a job, is that they must  sign a nonnegotiable contract that includes a provision requiring all  disputes to be resolved in private arbitration.   These take-it-or-leave-it contracts, which were once clearly  disfavored under the law, now seem to have been blessed by the Supreme  Court as standard operating procedure in the corporate world.   That means for millions of people, the ability to enforce consumer,  labor, antitrust, and civil rights laws are subject to the whims of a  private arbitrator, often selected by the companies themselves.   These private arbitrators are not required to provide plaintiffs any  of the fundamental protections guaranteed in the courts, and their  further employment can depend on building a good reputation with the  companies that hire them. Unsurprisingly, arbitration has become a  virtual get-out-of-jail-free card many companies use to circumvent the  basic rights of consumers and workers.   The FAIR Act reverses this disastrous trend by prohibiting the  enforcement of forced arbitration clauses in consumer, labor,  antitrust, and civil rights disputes.   Importantly, this legislation does not preclude both parties from  agreeing to arbitrate a claim after a dispute arises. It does, however,  protect unsuspecting consumers and employees from being forced to give  up their right to seek justice in court.  [[Page H3790]]    Last month, Congress came together in a bipartisan fashion to  prohibit forced arbitration clauses in suits concerning sexual  harassment and sexual assault. Watching that legislation be signed into  law was a proud moment for many of us in this Chamber. This bill simply  extends the same basic fairness in that bill to other workers and  consumers.   That bipartisan bill, which gathered, as I recall, about 130  Republican votes, is exactly the same as this bill, only limited in its  application.   Every argument for that bill is an argument for this bill. This bill  simply extends the same basic fairness in that bill, as I said, to  other workers and consumers.   I thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Johnson) for his leadership  on this bill.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this vital  legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I want to correct something Mr. Bishop said. This bill does not ban  arbitration. It bans forced arbitration. It bans the practice or the  enforceability of the practice of having a provision in a contract that  you sign to buy anything or an employment contract where you are  forced, that is there and that if you try to change it, they won't sell  you the car, they won't sell you the cell phone, they won't hire you,  so you have no choice, and that forced arbitration removes the  constitutional right to a trial by jury.   Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr.  Cohen), a member of the Judiciary Committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from  Rhode Island (Mr. Cicilline), a member of the Judiciary Committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the distinguished  gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Johnson), a member of the Judiciary  Committee and a sponsor of this bill.    Madam Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 1  minute.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I just want to point out that this bill does not ban arbitration. If  two parties have a dispute and prefer arbitration to going to court,  they can have arbitration. This bill bans forced arbitration, meaning  arbitration that is entered into contracts that people have no ability  to change. That is why it says pre-dispute arbitration agreements are  struck by this bill, not post-dispute arbitration agreements.   So this bill does not eliminate arbitration agreements if they want  to. It does eliminate forced arbitration agreements that the party,  usually the employee or the consumer had no knowledge of probably and  no ability to say no to. We used to call them contracts of adhesion,  but we don't do that anymore.   Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms.  Jackson Lee), a member of the Judiciary Committee.    Madam Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30  seconds.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished  gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. Jayapal), a member of the Committee on  the Judiciary.    Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Pennsylvania (Ms. Wild).    Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the  gentlewoman from Pennsylvania.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from  Illinois (Ms. Schakowsky).    Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the  amendment.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this amendment, which  would significantly weaken this legislation and damage the collective  bargaining process for tens of millions of working Americans.   We have said it over and over again today--this bill is not designed  to eliminate arbitration. While my Republican colleagues would like you  to believe that the FAIR Act will end arbitration entirely, that is  simply not true.   The FAIR Act would put an end to forced arbitration--arbitration that  is not willingly agreed to by both sides, which is a predatory one- sided practice created by and for huge corporations to allow them to  get away with abusive conduct. It is a system that can exist only when  these companies can take advantage of a stark power imbalance between  themselves and workers, consumers, and small businesses.   Labor unions correct that power imbalance. The collective bargaining  process provides real protections that are unavailable to nonunion  workers by forcing big businesses to compromise with skilled  negotiators focused on improving terms for their workers.   Collective bargaining guarantees other important protections in the  arbitration process, such as truly neutral arbitrators, better  procedures, transparent decisionmaking, and the option to appeal  decisions. It creates a system that can actually resolve disputes  quickly, efficiently--and most important--fairly for all parties  involved.   That is not forced arbitration precisely because it is truly  voluntary. Arbitration only works when two parties of equal bargaining  power can negotiate terms that work for everyone involved, which is  exactly what happens when a labor union and a corporation establish a  collective bargaining agreement.   That is completely different than forced arbitration of nonunion  employment disputes where an employee is forced to accept an  arbitration clause that is buried deep inside the fine print of a stack  of confusing paperwork on a take-it-or-leave-it basis that they must  sign to get a job.   The big corporations love this system because it forces their  workers, it forces employees, it forces the purchasers of products to  go to forced arbitration, and that is an inherently skewed process.  That is why the employee loses 98 percent of the forced arbitrations.  The employer wins 98 percent of the forced arbitrations. That is not a  fair process.   Moreover, as my colleague, Congressman Perlmutter, made clear during  the Rules Committee meeting on this bill, nothing in the FAIR Act  prevents individual workers from deciding to vindicate their rights  before a jury.   As the plain language of the bill states, no collectively bargained  arbitration provision ``shall have the effect of waiving the right of a  worker to seek judicial enforcement of a right arising under a  provision of the Constitution of the United States, a State  constitution, or a Federal or State statute, or public policy arising  therefrom.''   In other words, this amendment is a solution in search of a problem  that could upend the rights of millions of workers today. Madam  Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, to vote for the  bill, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentlewoman from Texas (Mrs. Fletcher).    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time, and I am  prepared to close.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   Madam Speaker, there are over 60 million workers--a majority of  nonunion private-sector employees--who are subject to forced  arbitration clauses. According to the Economic Policy Institute, that  number will be over 80 million by 2024. Those employees are told that  if they want to get a job or keep their current job they must sign away  their right to their day in court and submit to a forced arbitration  agreement. In most cases they do not have a choice.   When these workers seek to hold their employers to account for wage  theft, civil rights abuses, or racial discrimination, they are shoved  into a secretive arbitration process designed by corporations with  almost unlimited resources, and they lose 98 percent of the time. That  is what the FAIR Act will fix. This legislation will restore these  workers' access to our justice system and guarantee their  constitutional rights by ending forced arbitration.   This amendment would do nothing to protect workers while undermining  this important legislation.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this unnecessary and  harmful amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time.   