 Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the Data  Mapping to Save Moms' Lives Act.   The United States is one of the few Nations in the world experiencing  a rise in pregnancy-related deaths, claiming the lives of hundreds of  moms each year. Behind each of these cases are stories of heartbreak  and devastation for families and communities.    We must do more to improve health outcomes for moms and babies across  this country, and telehealth services will play a critical role in  doing so.  [[Page H4134]]  This bill would instruct the FCC to work with the CDC to incorporate  publicly available data on severe maternal morbidity and mortality into  its Mapping Broadband Health in America platform.   Using this data, we can more accurately identify the communities with  high maternal morbidity and mortality rates that lack broadband  connectivity. This will allow for the government to better target areas  with critical telehealth services and, ultimately, pave the way for  better health outcomes for new and expecting mothers.   Madam Speaker, I strongly urge all of my colleagues to support this  bill.    Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2501,  the Spectrum Coordination Act.   Spectrum is a finite and high-demand resource that, when allocated  correctly, fuels innovation. The industries that use spectrum are  rapidly evolving, and Federal coordination of spectrum should evolve  with it.   That is why I am proud to support the Spectrum Coordination Act,  sponsored by my friend, Congressman Bilirakis. While the industries  that use spectrum continue to modernize at an accelerating pace, the  memorandum of understanding between the NTIA and the FCC on spectrum  coordination has not been updated since 2003.   This commonsense bill would instruct the NTIA and FCC to update their  nearly 20-year-old MOU, ensuring  [[Page H4136]]  that they work together seamlessly to resolve disputes while ensuring  spectrum is allocated as efficiently as possible. I strongly urge all  my colleagues to support the Spectrum Coordination Act.    