 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, since coming to the U.S. Senate  over 3 years ago, I have regularly spoken about the dangers presented  by communist China.   Last month, outside the Kennedy Caucus Room, I was joined by a group  of pro-democracy activists from Hong Kong and advocates speaking out  against the genocide in the Uighur homeland.   This month, as the Olympic Games have gone on in Beijing, we have  seen the dangers that our athletes have faced. Athletes who have tested  positive for COVID have been taken away by Chinese authorities, where  they have been improperly fed. The FBI urged Team USA to leave their  personal phones at home for fear of being surveilled by the Chinese  Government and impacted by Chinese hackers.   Of course, we saw the dangers athletes face in communist China  several months ago in the case of tennis star Peng Shuai. Peng is one  of the most recognizable Chinese athletes. She is a three-time Olympian  and was ranked the No. 1 doubles player in 2014 by the World Women's  Tennis Association. She has won championships at Wimbledon and the  French Open and has represented her country at the highest levels of  tennis competition.  [[Page S763]]    In November, when she shared her story of sexual abuse by a former  Vice Premier of the Chinese Communist Party on social media, it  rightfully caught the world's attention. Communist China's reaction to  these disturbing allegations have shocked us all and completely  verified all our fears.   Instead of taking Peng Shuai's claims seriously and investigating  these allegations, the communist Chinese Government followed its  authoritarian playbook: silence, deflect, and cover up. General  Secretary Xi and his communist thugs are so thin-skinned, weak, and  intolerant of any questioning of their conduct that the government  immediately silenced and disappeared Peng.   People around the world asked on social media: ``Where is Peng?''  Chinese state media released what it said was an email from Peng to the  Women's Tennis Association contradicting her previous allegations. It  read like a hostage note and only raised more concerns as to her  whereabouts and safety. Then Beijing shared a couple of videos of Peng  at various structured public events and staged several video calls with  the International Olympic Committee. The IOC didn't ask about her  disappearance; they didn't ask about her allegations of abuse. And in  the months since, the IOC has worked hand-in-hand with communist China  to cover up Peng's allegations.   In the days after the Olympic opening ceremony, the IOC worked with  Chinese officials to publish a highly controlled interview of Peng in a  French sports magazine. In answers that were translated by a Chinese  official, Peng announced her retirement from professional tennis and  denied the previous claim she was assaulted. It was disturbing. And the  fact that the IOC helped coordinate the interview shows Thomas Bach is  willing to prioritize his relationship with communist China over the  safety of athletes.   Compare their response to the World Tennis Association. At the  beginning of December, the WTA announced it would be suspending all its  tournaments in communist China until it was clear that Peng Shuai was  safe and in good health and until there was a completely transparent  investigation into her allegations of assault. It is a stark contrast  between two organizations meant to protect the athletes--one aiding in  the censorship and oppression of athletes, while the other does the  right thing.   And now, you have a well-known pundit representing the Chinese  Communist Party spouting gross and demeaning comments about Peng. On  ``60 Minutes Australia,'' Victor Gao, the vice president for the Center  for China and Globalization and former translator for Deng Xiaoping,  argued Peng could not have been assaulted because she is strong and  athletic, so she should be able to defend herself. Can you imagine even  saying that? The Chinese Communist Party is saying that there is no way  Peng could have been assaulted, so you better stop talking about this  issue.   Well, I am not going to stop talking about this issue, and I am not  going to let comments like that slide by. That is why I have introduced  a bipartisan resolution with my colleague from Virginia rebuking the  IOC for its failure to clearly and forcefully challenge the Party's  claims about Peng Shuai's safety. The same resolution was unanimously  adopted by the House of Representatives in December, and it is crucial  that the Senate do the same.   My colleague from Virginia, Senator Warner, is joining me to lead  this resolution, along with 14 of our colleagues from both sides of the  aisle. I am glad that my colleague from New Jersey, the chairman of the  Senate Foreign Relations Committee, has committed to mark up and  favorably report this important resolution in the committee next month.  I look forward to seeing its passage there and swiftly bringing it to  the floor.   The United States is the leading voice of freedom and democracy  around the world. We cannot tolerate this kind of behavior. Today, my  colleagues and I are standing together for human rights.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   