 Madam Speaker, pursuant to section 10 of House  Resolution 1097, I rise to offer an amendment.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may  consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of my amendment to the bipartisan  Community Services Block Grant Modernization Act.   Before I begin, I thank all the veterans back in my home district in  northern New Jersey and nationwide from the bottom of my heart for  putting your lives on the line to defend our freedom, our families, and  the greatest democracy the world has ever known.   Please know this: After sacrificing so much, no veteran should ever  struggle to get the care or recognition he or she has earned. We should  always get their backs.   My amendment to the legislation we are considering today will do just  that. It will add critical support for our brave veterans, particularly  homeless veterans, to the list of allowable purposes on which State  governments, including my State of New Jersey, may deploy Federal  community services block grant program investments.   The bipartisan community services block grant program helps to reduce  poverty, revitalize communities, and empower families and individuals  to become fully self-sufficient. It helps individuals, like veterans,  to get and keep a good job, a good education, housing, healthcare, and  emergency assistance and, above all, to participate more actively in  their communities.   In New Jersey, the program annually serves more than 200,000  individuals and 130,000 families through the work of 25 community  action agencies. These agencies are typically private nonprofit  organizations, public agencies, or local government entities, like  Greater Bergen County Community Action, which provides education and  training, financial counseling, and more; or Bergen County's  government, where our county executive and commissioners have focused  like a laser beam on successfully helping combat veteran homelessness.   The bipartisan legislation on the floor today will make important  updates to the community services block grant program. My amendment  will add support for veterans and, in particular, as I said, homeless  veterans to the list of investments States like New Jersey can make  through the program.   With this amendment, community action agencies will work alongside  State and local agencies to raise  [[Page H4951]]  awareness among veterans of housing programs and help those who bravely  served our country to secure the housing they need. Once stable housing  is secured, community action agencies will work with veterans and other  eligible individuals to ensure the full range of community resources,  including workforce training, health resources, and opportunities for  peer support, are available to those veterans who need it most.   Supporting our Nation's veterans with the community services block  grant program is the least we can do. After serving our country and  putting their lives on the line to defend our freedom and democracy,  our Nation's veterans should not struggle to get the resources they  have earned. But far too often, our veterans face issues finding  housing and employment. It is unacceptable.   On any given night, the Federal Government estimates that more than  40,000 veterans are homeless. On top of that, data shows that the  unemployment rate of veterans ages 18 to 65 is higher than the  unemployment rate of nonveterans.   Today's amendment builds on the work I helped lead, working with both  sides of the aisle in recent months and since I was elected, to support  our servicemembers, veterans, and veteran families.   The first piece of legislation I passed in Congress was to expand  hiring of post-9/11 veterans. Just weeks ago, I was proud to join my  colleagues in passing a 2.7 percent pay raise for members of the  military to ensure we are getting the backs of those who bravely have  ours.   Late last year, the House passed the bipartisan Student Veterans  Counseling Centers Eligibility Act, which will expand access to mental  health services for veterans utilizing their GI benefits at colleges  and universities through established vet centers.   In March, we passed the bipartisan Guard and Reserve GI Bill Parity  Act to help expand access to GI benefits for members of our military  who serve in the National Guard and Reserves, as they don't receive the  same access to vital GI benefits that they deserve as well.   Also in March, working with the members of the bipartisan Problem  Solvers Caucus, we passed the Honoring our PACT Act here in the House  to help veterans exposed to burn pits, covering veterans dating back to  1991 and Operation Desert Storm and through our more recent post-9/11  conflicts.   This included my key provisions to address the mental health impacts  for toxic exposure for veterans and to ensure VA information on toxic  exposure illnesses is published in multiple languages, like Korean and  Spanish, to help even more of our veterans.   Back home in New Jersey, I have been fighting for expanded access to  healthcare services, and I helped establish the mental health services  at the VA Community-Based Outpatient Clinic in Newton in Sussex County,  New Jersey. I am working to cut through red tape with the VA Community  Care Network to ensure eligible north Jersey veterans are able to  receive referrals for community care at ImageCare Centers across the  Fifth District. We have made critical progress on that front. Now, more  veterans in my district have greater access to healthcare that they  deserve.   Let me just say, these are not Democratic or Republican issues. They  are red, white, and blue issues. They are issues core to protecting our  great democracy, the ones our veterans have always fought for.   There is nothing more important in this job than our responsibility  to have the backs of those who have served our great Nation, whether  that is at the VA, a mental health issue, or helping veterans find  housing or get jobs when they come back home.    Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  vote in favor of my amendment to add support for veterans to the list  of eligible community services block grant investments.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I thank the ranking member for her  comments and for the support of veterans.   Madam Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms.  Bonamici).    Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   