 Madam President, I am pleased to support the nomination  of Dr. Asmeret Asefaw Berhe to be the Director of the Office of Science  at the Department of Energy.   President Reagan famously complained that the Department of Energy  never ``produced a quart of oil or a lump of coal,'' but that was never  the Department's job.   The Department of Energy is as much a Department of Science and  Technology as a Department of Energy. For nearly 50 years, it has been  at the forefront of scientific discovery and technology innovation. As  a seedbed for science, the Department has given us the technologies to  increase our energy production and use our resources in a cleaner and  more efficient way, and the Office of Science lies at the heart of the  Department's science mission.   It is the Nation's largest Federal supporter of basic research in the  physical sciences. Its mission is to deliver the ``scientific  discoveries, capabilities, and major scientific tools to transform the  understanding of nature and to advance the energy, economic, and  national security of the United States.''   Leading this important scientific enterprise calls for a scientist of  great ability and vision. I believe Dr. Berhe is very qualified for  this important job. In judging from the long list of academic honors  and awards that she has received and the long list of scientific papers  that she has written, Dr. Berhe has the scientific credentials this job  requires. She is a professor of soil biochemistry at the University of  California, where she is also an associate dean of graduate education  and holds an endowed chair in Earth Sciences and Geology.   The Office of Science itself has long engaged in basic research  relating to soil science and broader ecological questions, whether they  be tracing radioactive elements through the atmosphere or the flow of  energy, water, and carbon through the Earth's natural systems. So her  background is an asset and makes her very well suited to lead the  Office of Science.   Dr. Berhe is also an adjunct professor at the Salk Institute for  Biological Studies, and she has been a visiting professor at ETH  Zurich, where Albert Einstein studied physics. She didn't teach him,  but he studied there. She has authored over 100 scientific papers and  has received over two dozen honors and awards for her scientific  achievements.   She is incredibly well qualified for this important post of leading  the Office of Science. I strongly support her nomination, and I urge a  favorable vote on her nomination.   I yield back all time.    Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays.   