 Madam President, I have enjoyed the discussion which has  been going on with regard to this legislation and have a couple of  comments. One is, given the interest and the priority of and the  importance of elections, it would have been helpful, prior to preparing  this legislation for a vote, if those that were the drafters of this  legislation actually invited a Republican--any Republican--to sit down  and perhaps negotiate and see if we could find some common ground.   But instead, the Democrat leadership dusted off what they had written  before on an entirely partisan basis and then are shocked--shocked-- that Republicans don't want to support what they drafted.   Now, I note that political overstatement and hyperbole may be  relatively common, and they are often excused. But the President and  some of my Democratic colleagues have ventured deep into hysteria.  Their cataclysmic predictions for failing to support their entirely  partisan election reform--worked out entirely by themselves, without  any input whatsoever from any single person on my side of the aisle-- they are far beyond the pale.   Now, they are entirely right to call out Donald Trump's Big Lie about  the last election being stolen. But in the same spirit of honesty, they  should not engage in a similar lie that Republicans across the country  are making it much harder for minorities to vote and, thus, that the  Federal government must urgently displace centuries of constitutional  practice that give States primary control over elections.   So dire are the consequences, they claim, that this must be done by  shredding the rules of our senior legislative body. They point to  Georgia as evidence of political election villainy. The President went  there to deliver his crowning argument. But, as has been pointed out by  many before me, it is easier for minorities--and everybody else for  that matter--to vote in Georgia than it is in the President's home  State of Delaware and in Leader Schumer's home State of New York.   In Georgia there are more days of early voting, and in Georgia there  is no-excuse absentee voting by mail.   They do decry Georgia's prohibition of political activists  approaching voters in line with drinks of water, but the same  prohibition exists in New York. And why? So that voters don't get  harassed in line by poll activists.   Just like Georgia and New York, many States keep poll activists at  length from voters. My Democrat colleagues conveniently ignore the fact  that the 1965 Voting Rights Act prohibition of any voting practice or  procedure that discriminates against minorities is still in effect.  Even today, the Justice Department is suing two States under that law.   Protection of minority voting is already required by law. Protection  of minority voting is a high and essential priority for me and for my  Senate colleagues on both sides of the aisle.   To be clear, I want an election system that allows every eligible  citizen in every State to be able to exercise their right to vote in  every single election.   So, putting aside the hysteria, let me explain why I don't support  the Democrats' bill. First, their bill weakens voter ID. I, along with  a great majority of voters of all races, favor voter photo ID. Their  bill makes it easier to cheat by accommodating unmonitored vote  collection boxes. Their bill opens the gates to a flood of lawsuits  pre- and post-election, and it weakens the safeguards of voter  registration.   There are other things in the Democrats' bill that I don't support. I  am not in favor of Federal funding for campaigns. I also don't think  States should be required to allow felons to vote.   Most fundamentally, I think by reserving election procedures to the  States, the Founders made it more difficult for a would-be  authoritarian to change the law for voting in just one place--here in  Washington--to keep himself in office.   Let me add that I think the Democrats' bill is insufficiently focused  on the real threat, and that is the corruption of the counting of the  ballots, the certification of elections, and the congressional  provisions for accepting and counting a slate of electors. This is  where the apparent conspirators were focused in their attempt in the  last election to subvert democracy and prevent the peaceful transfer of  power.   Now, I respect Democrats who disagree with my point of view. I hope  they will offer me the same respect. People who want voter ID are not  racists. People who don't want Federal funding of campaigns aren't Bull  Connor. People who insist that vote drop boxes be monitored aren't  Jefferson Davis.   