 Mr. President, I rise today to pay tribute to the late  North Dakota attorney general, Wayne Stenehjem.   Earlier this month, North Dakota laid to rest a dedicated public  servant for our great State who was both a colleague and a true friend.  Wayne spent over four decades serving the people of North Dakota.  Throughout that time, he worked to make our State a better place to  live. Moreover, he was a fierce advocate for the rule of law and the  rights of North Dakotans.   Wayne was the best at what our State has to offer, having called  North Dakota his home for the entirety of his life. He was born in  Mohall, ND, graduated from the University of North Dakota, and received  his law degree from the University of North Dakota School of Law.   Wayne started his career in public service in North Dakota's State  Legislature, where he served for 24 years, first as a member of the  North Dakota House of Representatives and then as a member of the North  Dakota Senate. He then ran for the position of attorney general and was  the longest serving attorney general in the State's history, having  held the position for 21 years.   In fact, Wayne and I both ran for State office in 2000, Wayne for  attorney general and I ran for Governor. We spent much of the year  traveling the State together and, once elected, we were able to start  our service in statewide office at the same time. It was a blessing to  have my time as Governor and now Senator coincide with Wayne's service  as attorney general. This not only provided us with many opportunities  to work together on issues important to North Dakotans, it allowed me  to get to know him as a friend and to experience his many great  qualities.   He was incredibly intelligent. He had a tremendous sense of humor,  and he possessed a deep knowledge about a wide variety of subjects,  from sports to trivia, to history, to law--you name it. Wayne was one  of the most intelligent people I ever met. There is much to miss about  Wayne and many great memories to be grateful for.  [[Page S702]]    Wayne is survived by his wife Beth Bakke Stenehjem and son Andrew,  along with many, many other loved ones. He had a large family, and he  loved them all.   Mikey and I extend our deepest condolences to Wayne's family and all  of his loved ones. North Dakota lost a strong advocate for our State,  but his legacy will continue on.   Rest easy, Wayne. Thank you for your friendship. Thank you for all  that you accomplished.   Mr. President, I yield to my colleague from North Dakota.   