 Mr. Speaker, over the last 2 years,  everybody has a COVID memory. It might be the masks that were mandated  on folks across the United States. It might be that cup of coffee that  you tried to drink, forgetting that your mask was on. It might be how  we have seen incredible evolution--    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from  Illinois for his evolution in thought there and for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, over the last 2 years, we have seen just an absolutely  incredible experience going through COVID. It might be the mask  mandates that were thrust upon people, and as I mentioned, it might  even be a funny memory of people trying to eat or drink coffee through  their mask, as I know I have.   We have seen this evolution in the workforce where people are working  remotely all over the United States, and we have seen millions and  millions of people choose to leave the workforce.   This is something that has affected so many people. We have seen  multi-generational businesses close, and we have seen fledgling  businesses surge as a result of COVID-19, as a result of this pandemic.   We have seen the record speed at which vaccines, plural, have been  developed under Operation Warp Speed. We have seen treatment protocols  that have evolved. And, by some measure, we have seen up to a million  Americans that have lost their lives.   Mr. Speaker, there is so much history behind COVID-19, behind this  pandemic. There have been things that have been just absolutely  remarkable, like the innovation in our pharmaceuticals, in developing  vaccines, innovation in technology with the evolution of incredibly  convenient technology like Zoom or Webex or GoTo Meeting or other  technologies allowing people to videoconference, sometimes wearing  shorts or pajama pants with their suit up top. This has been absolutely  amazing, watching what has happened.   But perhaps, Mr. Speaker, the most powerful impact of COVID-19 is not  necessarily the successes and failures, the misfires, the things that  have worked well, but it has been our personal losses.   Mr. Speaker, the sponsor of this bill, Congresswoman Julia Letlow  from my home State of Louisiana, lost just an incredible man, a man who  had a servant's heart, a man who cared so much for those that couldn't  necessarily fight for themselves.   Congressman-elect Luke Letlow was elected to represent the small  communities around Louisiana and around this Nation, I will say it  again, to fight for those that were, in many cases, incapable of having  a voice by themselves that was needed to change policy. But,  collectively, Congressman-elect Letlow was going to change that.   I want to thank Congresswoman Letlow, Luke's wife, and the  Representative from that area, for having the leadership, for bringing  this bill up, for making sure that we don't ever forget about all of  the powerful lessons learned from COVID-19, that we don't forget about  all of these powerful people, the heroes that lost their lives caring  for others, in some cases; those people that were on the front lines  trying to allow this country to continue, our economy to continue, our  society to continue.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Letlow for her leadership on this  legislation, and I want to thank her for recognizing all the lives that  were lost in the history here. I urge adoption of the bill.   