 Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor to lives and legacies of  Emmett Till and Mamie Till-Mobley. Their story is of major significance  in the African American community and speaks to a turning point in  American history. Today, the House passed the Emmett Till and Mamie  Till-Mobley Congressional Gold Medal Act of 2021, which would award  Emmett and Ms. Till-Mobley a Congressional Gold Medal.   I would like to start off by thanking Chairwoman Maxine Waters,  Leader Steny Hoyer, and Speaker Nancy Pelosi for their assistance in  shepherding this bill through the House. With their help, we have  gotten 290 House cosponsors for the bill, including every House  Democrat and 67 House Republicans. l would also like to acknowledge  Rep. Don Bacon from the great state of Nebraska for serving as the  Republican co-lead on this bill. I would also like to thank Senators  Richard Burr of North Carolina and Cory Booker of New Jersey for  serving as the Senate leads on the bill.   This year, I sought to bring light to the injustice of Emmett Till's  lynching, through this and the Emmett Till Antilynching Act, which  President Biden signed into law earlier this year. For African  Americans of my generation, his brutal torture and murder was a  painful, but very real reminder of the true horrors of white supremacy.   News of his death shaped my understanding of racism at a very early  age. When the photo from Emmett Till's funeral ran in Jet Magazine, I  will never forget how my mother gathered us around the coffee table and  told us `That's why I brought my boys out of the South.'   Emmett Till's lynching sent shockwaves through my community and  deeply affected me and my family.   His gruesome murder--as well as Mamie Till-Mobley's courageous  decision to have Jet publish a photo of his body and to hold an open- casket funeral for her son so people could see his mutilated body-- exposed the brutal truth of racism. This caused such outrage, not only  in the United States but abroad, and sparked the Civil Rights Movement.   It is no coincidence that the March on Washington, where Dr. Martin  Luther King, Jr. gave his iconic ``I have a Dream'' speech, was held on  the eighth anniversary of Emmett's death. Emmett's lynching was a wake- up call for Black America and others. We could not stay quiet any  longer.   I feel a heavy responsibility to continue telling Emmett and Ms.  Till-Mobley's story. Not only did Emmett's death resonate deeply with  me others of my generation, but he grew up on the South Side of  Chicago, in what is now the Congressional District that I represent.  The work that Ms. Till-Mobley started on racial justice continues  today, and the same struggle to protect Black lives, Hispanic lives,  LGBTQ lives, immigrants lives, Jewish lives, and others. We must  continue telling their story for future generations to learn from.   Emmett's brutal murder catalyzed the Civil Rights Movement and a  generation of civil rights activists. It had a ripple effect that can  still be felt today, and began a worldwide movement to reckon with  freedom, justice, and equality all around the world. His name will  forever be spoken in the same breath as Dr. King's, Medgar Evers', Fred  Hamtons, Mark Clark's, and George Floyd's just to name a few.   But Mr. Speaker, I am left thinking of Emmett, who would have been 81  years old if he were still alive today. He should be here today,  reflecting on a life well lived, with still more yet to go. It is an  unthinkable tragedy to lose a child in such a brutal, heinous way. This  Nation allowed the horrors of white supremacy to fester for far too  long, and that is what murdered Emmett Till. It is the least this  Congress can do, 67 years after his death, to honor him and his mother,  Mamie Till-Mobley, with the highest award Congress can bestow.   