 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from  Oklahoma for yielding.   Mr. Speaker, the distinguished leader was exactly right in his  comments, but I would just like people to think about something.   Every single problem we face today globally emanated right here, from  this same floor. Tax policy, regulation policy, drove most of these  businesses offshore. They didn't leave because they didn't like  America. They left because it looked like America didn't like them.  [[Page H7380]]    We have seen the erosion of so much of what it is that we are, all  because of policy that emanated right from this same floor. Now, we are  trying to do something to correct bad policy in the past.   I am in the automobile business. We can't finish building cars  because we don't have the product necessary to finish them. Most of the  people we talk to said we didn't leave America by choice. We were  forced offshore by policy. The Speaker and I know this because we are  big fans of the steel business.   The only thing I would ask my friends on this side and my colleagues  on the other side, there are consequences for past performance. This  bill in no way is perfect, and Mr. Hoyer is exactly correct about that.  But the question is: What is it that we are trying to fix, and whose  problem is it? The answer is: It is our problem because it is happening  in real time on our watch. We have to do something. Doing nothing is  not the answer to how we fix this bad situation.   But we can't do everything from the House. We have to rely on the  Senate to participate. Then, we look at what we had initially started  and say: What did they do to the piece that we were trying to get done?   Listen, I know the debate can get heated. We can talk about how  patriotic we are, and we can talk about what the future is not only for  ourselves but for our children and our grandchildren and our great- grandchildren.    Mr. Speaker, I suggest that all of us need  to take a good long look in the mirror and see who it is that can  change the future.   There is no sense in talking about what happened in the past. The  past is the past, and we cannot reclaim it. We can just deal with it.   We have a huge problem on our hands today because we have allowed the  technology to leave; we have allowed the production to leave; we have  allowed the product to leave; and then we come back and say now we have  to do something to get it back.   This may be the bill that does that. I don't know. I know from  certain States, this is a must-have for some of our colleagues. It is a  must-have for us to remain competitive. We are in a global economy.   I can tell you this: I wish this was the same bill that we had  proposed back when General Motors was facing bankruptcy because we know  this body--not us, we weren't here--lent them the money to stay alive,  and they paid it all back in full with interest.   This is not that same process, and that is why we are so caught,  trying to figure out what we should do to face this part of the  business. What can we do here?    Mr. Speaker, it comes down to this: We are  not Republicans, Democrats, Libertarians, or Independents in this  House. We are truly the American people. It is up to us to fix problems  that are bad, even if we started them ourselves.   I just hope that all of our colleagues sit back and take a long look  at what is being proposed today and try to figure out, not for  themselves but for the people they represent--and most of us represent  three-quarters of a million people--what is in the best interest of the  people you represent, what is in the best interest of the Nation that  you live in, and what is in the best interest of the future of America.   