 Mr. President, the world is in chaos everywhere you turn.  In the last week, Vladimir Putin has launched an unprovoked, naked war  of aggression against the people of Ukraine. The reason he did this is  because of his imperial ambitions to reincorporate Ukraine into the  greater Russian Empire in his mind but also because he perceived  weakness and opportunity in the West and, regrettably, from President  Biden.   We saw last night the President congratulated himself on the  diplomatic coalition he has put together to confront Vladimir Putin.  That is akin to Neville Chamberlain celebrating the coalition he  assembled against Germany after Germany invaded Poland. The whole point  was to deter Vladimir Putin. That failed. Why did that fail? Because  for the last year, the President has projected weakness and signaled to  Vladimir Putin that he didn't have the nerve to counteract his  ambitions. His first action in office was to give Vladimir Putin his  No. 1 foreign priority--a no-strings-attached extension of a one-sided  nuclear arms control treaty. Shortly after that, he gave Vladimir Putin  his second foreign priority. He waived sanctions on the Nord Stream 2  gas pipeline. We didn't really take stern measures for the Colonial  Pipeline hack from Russian-affiliated hackers. We rewarded Vladimir  Putin with a high-stakes summit last summer.   But it is not just foreign policy; it is also domestic policy here at  home. As day follows night, Vladimir Putin gets emboldened and more  aggressive when the price of oil is higher. For the last year, the  Biden administration has done everything they can to stifle the  production of American oil and gas that would not only keep the price  of gasoline lower for our citizens, keep the price of heating their  homes lower, it would also constrain Vladimir Putin by reducing the  revenues he has for his war machine.   But the Biden administration's war on oil and gas has, in fact,  emboldened him, so much so that we are to this day still importing  hundreds of thousands of barrels of Russian oil and petroleum products  every day.   Since Vladimir Putin launched his naked war of aggression last week,  we have filled his coffers with millions and millions of American  dollars to fund his aggression against the Ukrainian people. We still  haven't taken the steps necessary to stop this--sanctions on Russian  oil and gas to cut off those revenues, to bankrupt Vladimir Putin's war  machine, but also to continue the pressure that those sanctions impose,  [[Page S937]]  to begin to once again pump more oil and gas here at home.   If we really wanted to add the pressure to Vladimir Putin that oil  and gas sanctions would put on him, we would unleash a flood of  American oil and gas into the market and deprive Vladimir Putin of  those revenues. But, instead, on the very day--literally the very day-- last week when Vladimir Putin invaded Ukraine, President Biden halted  all new oil and gas leases on Federal lands. Think about that. A  ruthless dictator invades an innocent nation of 45 million souls, using  oil and gas as a weapon against the West, which could come to the aid  of that nation, and President Biden's action on that day was to halt  all new oil and gas leases on Federal lands.   To the extent the President even talked about energy in his speech  last night, he simply made pipedream promises about green energy that  maybe will come true in a decade or two but will do nothing at the  moment to deter Vladimir Putin and, in fact, will continue to embolden  him by highlighting a lack of seriousness to confront and undermine his  aggression.   In fact, the President only mentioned oil once last night in that  entire speech when he bragged about releasing 30 million barrels of oil  from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, which wouldn't fuel our country  for even 2 days.   What we need is not half measures; we need a sustained, reliable, and  affordable flow of American energy. That is why I am here to ask for  unanimous consent for my bill ordering the Biden administration to  start issuing new oil and gas leases for Federal lands.   It won't solve all of our problems, but it is an important and  immediate step that we can take to start producing the American oil and  gas that will undercut Vladimir Putin's war machine.   President Biden's foolish energy policy couldn't have come at a worse  time for Ukraine, but we can begin to end it right now by putting our  American oil and gas workers back to work. I urge my colleagues to  stand with Ukraine and to support the bill. It is really a choice  between American energy or Russian energy. We can decide.   Therefore, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the  immediate consideration of S. 3731, which is at the desk; further, I  ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and  passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid  upon the table.    I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I reserve the right to object because,  here we are again, 2 weeks later and nothing has changed.   The Democrats and the Department of Justice once again want their  well-connected and wealthy political nominees confirmed, while the  Department of Justice hangs out to dry four career law enforcement  officers and threatens them with fiscal ruin and bankruptcy.   The Senator from Illinois said I am having none of it. You are  absolutely right; I am having none of it.   These officers, I remind you, faced down leftwing street militias for  months in Portland. They were attacked with blinding lasers, ball  bearings, Molotov cocktails. There were efforts to lock them into the  courthouse and set it afire and burn them alive.   Now, the Senator from Illinois keeps saying that my objections are  completely unrelated--those were his words--or had nothing to do with  these nominees. We have heard this now for weeks. I don't know why he  keeps repeating it. I will give my answer once again. I am not making  objection to some random, unconnected agency. I am not upset that the  Corps of Engineers didn't approve a water project in Arkansas.   I am not making some doomed-to-fail demand like Merrick Garland  should resign in disgrace--though he should. I am making a very  specific point about this Department.   If Merrick Garland and the Democrats want their political nominees to  be confirmed on a fast-track basis, then they need to protect their  career law enforcement officers from financial ruin and bankruptcy.   I have talked to these officers; the anxiety and the stress that this  has created for them is real. They have received no explanation  whatsoever beyond ``not in the interest of the United States.'' That is  not an explanation; that is a conclusion.   Three of them haven't heard anything at all. It has been months-- actually, more than a year. The Senator from Illinois said the  Department of Justice often represents law enforcement officers sued  for actions in the line of duty. It is not ``often represents.'' It is  ``almost always represents.''   I have spoken with multiple former Department of Justice leaders.  They say they cannot remember a time when they declined to represent a  law enforcement officer sued for actions in the line of duty.   The Senator from Illinois, once again, waves around the idea of a  privacy waiver like it is a big ``gotcha'' or something. I don't have a  privacy waiver, but I know what these officers would say. They would  say, We have no idea what the Department would tell us.   So if the Senator from Illinois would like me to be a good bureaucrat  and run off and get a privacy waiver, I guess I could do that. And then  once they gave it to me, I would ask them, Why did you get denied  coverage? And they would say, I don't know. They won't tell us  anything.    The point of the matter here is that career law enforcement officers  are being hung out to dry and facing financial ruin. And they cannot  get an answer, and we cannot get an answer.   Now, is it possible they engaged in misconduct? Sure. It happens.  However, I would note, as I did last time, that all four officers are  on unrestricted active duty--unrestricted active duty. Three are in the  special operations group. One is in the warrant group. Both assignments  likely to result in situations where the threat of violence, and even  lethal violence, is high.   If these officers somehow acted inappropriately in Portland to the  point we can't represent them when they are sued by leftwing activists,  surely, they shouldn't be serving high-risk warrants. Surely, they  shouldn't be out on the street in the special operations group. So I  can only infer that is not the case.   The Department of Justice won't tell us anything more. They won't  tell these officers anything more. None of these facts has changed-- nothing in 2 weeks.   The only thing we know that we didn't know 2 weeks ago, actually, is  that three of these marshals received an award for their service in  Portland.   This is the award that was given out to marshals who risked their  lives in defense of the Federal courthouse in Portland. I blurred out  the names to protect the safety of those marshals, but, I assure you,  their names are on there. They received an award for their service.  They are being sued for that very service, and the Department of  Justice won't represent them. They deserve answers.   The Senator from Illinois said that last night the President spoke  about funding the police after the Democrats spoke for years about  defunding the police. Well, I have a suggestion, How about funding  these officers' legal defenses? How about that for funding the police?   Stand by the law enforcement officers who did their job and can't now  get an explanation for why Merrick Garland is not standing by them.   And until that happens, I guess we can keep coming down here every  week or 2 weeks because they deserve to be represented or we deserve a  credible, fact-based explanation.   Now, I am just one Senator. I can't block these people forever. We  can have a vote on them. We were in session yesterday for 10 hours; we  didn't  [[Page S945]]  have a single vote. On Monday night, we voted on late-term partial- birth abortion. If these are so important, we can have a vote on them.  Or the Department of Justice could just do what it should, which is  right and moral: It should represent law enforcement officers who are  being sued for actions in the line of duty, or it should give an  explanation for why they are not.   So I do object, and I will continue to object until that happens.   