 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I join with my colleagues in what I believe will be  unanimous support for the continued promotion of works useful to  humanity. This pilot program, after 10 years, has proven to be not only  a good one but one that continues to be necessary.   In 1790, when President Washington evaluated and signed the first  patent, he did so in a matter of a few weeks from submission. It was an  expectation that a timely patent was, in fact, critical. That first  patent improved the production of potash, often used in fertilizer.   The fact is, over the years, our ability to quickly evaluate patents  has, in fact, not continued to keep pace. So, when you have something  like these humanitarian offerings, the fact that we are able to, at  least in these cases and for known inventors, reward them with an  accelerated consideration as part of their continued work, I think that  is the kind of an award that means a great deal when it is the  advancement of items of humanitarian interest and need.   My colleague from New York did a wonderful job of talking about some  of those inventions. We could go on for hours about what inventive  genius has come from this and other incentives.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote for this renewal and,  lastly, to recognize that the one area that America leads in is  innovation. This body has a continued obligation to do everything it  can to promote that innovation, including the modernization and the  improvement of the Patent and Trademark Office.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I  join with the chairman in support of all of the changes that were added  in the Senate, they were thoughtful, and I believe not just appropriate  but necessary.   I don't want to pile on the same statements made already because they  were accurate and I agree with them. Rather, because there has been  fairly public pushback from some members of the Article III court that  we are meddling in their business, I have given it a lot of thought and  discussed it with a number of scholars.   I think the American people need to understand that the executive  branch does not have the authority to pass laws, and the judicial  branch does not have the ability to pass laws. When it comes to  establishing laws for transparency reporting and the American people's  right to know, there is, in fact, only one body that can initiate and  send for the President's signature statutes of transparency and  accountability.   So even though this is a 1978 law being modified, the fact that there  is pushback from a branch saying that under separation of powers we are  somehow meddling by substantially harmonizing what the executive branch  and this branch do to make sure the American people have confidence in  what we own that might, in fact, be influencing what we do. It seems to  be one of those areas in which I believe the American people, properly  explained, would fully support.   For that reason, I would hope that as this bill becomes law that the  members of the court would recognize we had no choice. Faced with clear  examples--even one being too much--of a judge who had holdings and  simultaneously affected the value of those holdings while either owning  them or trading them or both, we had no choice but to recognize that  that absence of transparency was critical.   I want to simply close by saying that this is likely not to lead to a  lot more recusals. This is certainly going to lead to the kind of  information that attorneys need to have on behalf of their clients when  they are working through a case.   If you know that a judge or his spouse or her spouse owns something,  why wouldn't you be aware of that when you have a case involving that  company? If you know that they own a substantial amount of a sister  company, one that is not involved in the litigation, but in fact, could  benefit by an adverse decision, the attorneys for both sides should  know that.   We are just not dealing in the failure to recuse here. Reporting  transparency, in fact, empowers both sides to know the lay of the land  that might be very meaningful in a case. Yes, there will be some that  see that and ask for recusals. I trust that judges who, after the fact  when these 130 cases were reported, some of the judges said they didn't  know about it, they didn't know they had it, or they didn't know their  spouse had these holdings. That may very well be true. Some of them  said they didn't know they were supposed to report. That may be true.   But when this is implemented we will be in a position to say, of  course the public knew, and empowering the public on this not private  information because ultimately we are public officials. I am a public  official, the chairman is a public official, the Speaker is a public  official, and so are those honored to serve as magistrates, bankruptcy  judges, and Article III judges.  [[Page H4523]]    I hope that this minor change will represent a major step for us in  bringing back the confidence of the American people that they do not  have to blindly go into a case not knowing whether the heavy hand of  the law might be weighing against them without their knowledge.   Mr. Speaker, it seems like only yesterday I was speaking on this  subject.   This is an important step. I know that we will have broad bipartisan  support on it. I hope that we will have not just acceptance but an  embracement by the judges who now will be reporting and providing more  information to the public that the public has--and particularly  litigants--have every right to know before they go before that judge.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the chair for his help in shepherding this bill,  and I yield back the balance of my time.   