 Mr. President, I want to reserve the right to object.   I have been listening to the arguments that are made here. Let's get  to the facts.   The fact is, if we split this Ukrainian funding now, it is not going  to get there quicker; it is going to get there slower.   The bottom line is, if you want to help the Ukrainian people out--and  I believe the speakers want to help the Ukrainian people out--then pass  the omnibus bill that is in front of us.   The Senator from Florida is proposing just to pass one portion of  this omnibus appropriations bill, and that is the $13.5 billion in aid  to Ukraine.   I want to be very, very clear on what this move would mean. If we  don't pass the rest of the omnibus, the Pentagon is going to shut down  at midnight on Friday. OK?   Now, all our eyes are on Ukraine, and they well should be, but don't  forget for a second that China is a pacing threat to this world. We are  going to shut the Pentagon down on Friday? I don't think that is a  smart move.   Eleven days ago, all the Senators in this body had the opportunity to  go to a classified briefing led by Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin. I  asked him what he needed from Congress to respond to the Russian  aggression. Do you know what he said? He said: We need a full-year  appropriations bill. That is what we have in front of us today.   And yet, the Senator from Florida is effectively proposing to give  the military less than 1 percent of what the Secretary of Defense says  he needs to respond to threats around the world. That is $6.5 billion  out of $744 billion.   And for the folks who say this $1.5 trillion package is a boondoggle,  well, let me tell you, then you should stand up and say half of this  bill is a boondoggle because half of it goes into defense to protect  this country, to make the world a safer place.   I really don't understand what the Senator from Florida is trying to  accomplish, but I want no part of it.   Congress should have passed this budget to cover the military needs  and cover this country's needs over 6 months ago.   Passing a bill to cover 1 percent of our troops' funding needs is,  once again, kicking the can down the road. It is 110 percent  unacceptable to me and to every American who expects their government  to keep them safe at home and around the world.   This is really, really, really a bad idea, and we should quit wasting  time on these kinds of ideas and get to the point of voting on this  omnibus bill, getting it out so that we can deal with the Ukraine  situation.   And by the way, in the Defense bill, over and above the $13.5  billion, there is another $300 million for Ukraine. So it is time to  get this ball rolling. It is time to get this bill passed in the U.S.  Senate.   Quit dilly-dallying around. Let's get `er done. There is too much on  the line today to keep fooling around.   I object.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, the House is not in session. To say that  we are going to pass this and presto chango it goes right to the  President's desk--that is not how the process works, Senator Scott.  That is not how the process works.   So you can stand up and say, you know, we are blocking this aid. No,  no, no, no, no.   The fact is, the person who came up and asked for unanimous consent-- the good Senator from Florida--is blocking this bill or we would be  voting on it right now.   You want to talk politics? That is what this is about--politics.   You can be unhappy with the omnibus bill, but the fact of the matter  is, it has been negotiated over the last year by Democrats and  Republicans, and that is where we are at today.   We need to pass this bill. If you are concerned about Ukraine, we  need to pass this bill. If you are concerned about feeding hungry  people in this country, we need to pass this bill. If you are concerned  about childcare, we need to pass this bill. If you are concerned about  housing, we need to pass this bill. If you are concerned about the high  cost of gasoline, we need to pass this bill. And if you are concerned  about the threat that China is to this country, we need to the pass  this bill.   Enough excuses. Let's get the job done.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   