 Mr. President, on July 11, 2021, in an act of  incredible bravery, thousands of freedom-loving people in Cuba  collectively stood together to demand freedom from the oppressive Cuban  dictatorship.   They stood outside the headquarters of the Cuban Communist Party  demanding liberty. They shouted ``Patria y Vida,'' which means homeland  and life.   In cities across the island, Cubans young and old showed they are not  afraid of the regime. It was a sign that freedom, liberty, and human  rights are not merely American ideals but universal rights given to all  by God, not any government.   In response to the peaceful protest, the Cuban Communist Party, an  illegitimate and brutally oppressive regime deployed a wave of terror  throughout Cuba by unleashing its secret police and military forces on  peaceful protesters and democracy leaders.   The regime's thugs and security forces unlawfully detained more than  1,400 demonstrators, including leaders from Cuban civil society groups  such as UNPACU, the San Isidro Movement, the Ladies in White, and  targeted religious and Afro-Cuban leaders.   In the aftermath of the demonstrations and the government crackdown,  crowds of Cubans and supporters of the Cuban people gathered here in  Washington urging Joe Biden to act.   They gathered in front of the White House. They protested in front of  the Cuban Embassy. I heard their cries asking the American Government  to show its support. I joined them in front of the White House and in  front of the Capitol.   We know Joe Biden has the power to join the Cuban people to call for  the Cuban Communist Party to change. But aside from a couple statements  he made last year, Joe Biden has not taken one action to support the  Cuban people and their fight for freedom.   He has done nothing to provide them with internet connections or to  support the democracy movement on the island.   I want to be clear: The President of the United States is known both  here and around the globe as the leader of the free world. Our  President, regardless of who it is, has immense power to rally our  democratic allies and the freedom-loving people of the world to put  pressure on oppressive regimes like the one occupying Havana and throw  the full support of the global community behind the Cuban people's  movement for freedom.   Anyone who denies this is ignoring history. But Joe Biden hasn't done  any of that. He hasn't even tried. Instead, he and his administration  have bowed to the demands of Cuba's murderous Castro and Diaz-Canel  regimes and chosen not to stand for democracy and human rights.   And just weeks ago, he chose to prop up the oppressive regime with  pathetic appeasement policies and sanctions relief. These actions bring  shame to the United States. They do nothing to help the people only  help line the pockets of the regime, its thugs, and its evil partners  in Russia, Iran, and communist China.   This failed President has done more to unite America's enemies than  bringing together the world's democracies for a common cause. Biden's  appeasement is horrible for U.S. national security, a threat to  stability in Latin America, and a danger to the power of democracy  across the world.   Six months after the demonstrations started, the Senate unanimously  passed my resolution that supported Cuban democracy activists like Jose  Daniel Ferrer, and condemned the brutal torture, unjust imprisonment,  and severe oppression that the illegitimate communist Cuban regime is  subjecting innocent Cubans to every day.   Last week, we honored the 1-year anniversary of the action of the  brave Cuban people, and we remembered the horrific images of violence  and oppression we saw as the illegitimate communist Cuban regime,  terrified of the freedom movement, viciously cracked down on the people  with mass jailings, beatings, and even murder.   Well, most of us remember. Joe Biden could not be bothered to even  make a statement. His silence on this issue shows he doesn't care about  the consequences of his actions. He doesn't care that he is playing  into the plans of Castro and Diaz-Canel.   Meanwhile, the Cuban people get nothing in return, and the security  situation in the region worsens. When Biden doesn't stand up to Castro  and Diaz-Canel, we are left with a destabilized hemisphere that is less  peaceful and puts our homeland security at greater risk.   They are murderous, illegitimate dictators. Appeasement is the worst  move imaginable. And you better believe that Iran, Russia, and  communist China love it when Biden is nice to their friends in Latin  America.   So in the midst of this 1-year anniversary of the July 11 historic  and peaceful demonstrations, I am asking Joe Biden to call for the  immediate release of the hundreds of pro-democracy activists, including  children whom the regime is unjustly detaining and subjecting to  physical and psychological torture.   I hope someone in the White House is paying attention. Unfortunately,  we know Joe Biden isn't. Children are locked away in jail, kept away  from their families. These are kids. Some are just 14 years old. What  is it going to take for Joe Biden to grow a backbone and do something?   Now, I am sure the administration will say that they have spoken out.  Sure, we have seen statements and tweets, but that is not enough. Where  is Joe Biden?   The White House can try to hide behind the words of the State  Department and claim false leadership, but statements from bureaucrats  and tweets from an embassy that shouldn't even exist will never be  enough.   Sadly, that is all we can expect from this weak and incompetent  President. It is essential to the national security of the United  States as well as our efforts to support freedom, democracy, and human  rights that Joe Biden reverse the foolish actions he has taken and not  allow totalitarian dictators in our hemisphere to go unchecked.   I am also calling on Joe Biden to support the DEMOCRACIA Act,  legislation I introduced last year with Congressman Byron Donalds. Our  bill would hold the illegitimate communist Cuban regime accountable  through severe sanctions, actions, and unprecedented  [[Page S3329]]  financial pressure, and put safeguards in place to ensure those  sanctions are not wrongfully lifted.   It would also require the President to establish a task force to  develop long-term solutions for providing reliable internet service to  the people of Cuba that is not censored or blocked by the Cuban regime.   As the Cuban people's fight for freedom from the oppressive and  illegitimate communist Cuban regime continues, the United States must  stand for the Cuban democracy.   We can never bow to dictators--never. It is time for Biden to lead  and to oppose those genocidal dictators and support human rights.   I yield the floor.   