 Mr. President, in a few minutes, I am going to put forward  a request for the Senate to confirm the nomination of Rebecca Jones  Gaston to serve as Commissioner on Children, Youth, and Families within  the Department of Health and Human Services. I briefly want to talk  about why her confirmation is so important and what makes her the right  person for the job.   The Administration on Children, Youth, and Families may not grab  national headlines every day, but its work is essential to the well- being of millions of young people and families across the land. That is  particularly true for vulnerable children, including those in the child  welfare system.   One of its big jobs over the last few years has been the  implementation of the Family First Prevention Services Act. The  landmark reform of the child welfare system was written by the Finance  Committee on a bipartisan basis. And for colleagues who remember the  late Orrin Hatch, who cared so much about children and particularly  welfare reform, this and the extension of the Children's Health  Insurance Program for 10 years--the longest extension ever--were the  two bills for children that Chairman Hatch really felt strongly about.   The underlying goal of the legislation, which I was proud to  cosponsor with him, was simple. The foster care system was breaking  families up too often. We designed the Family First Act to keep  families together whenever it was safe and possible to do so. Maybe a  grandparent is the right person to step in as a caretaker for their  grandkids. I have been particularly involved in having grandparents  play a bigger role in our human services programs. It is known as  kinship care. We have been working on it for well over a decade.  Chairman Hatch helped us expand it. Maybe all that is needed for a  [[Page S3358]]  family to thrive is to help with mental healthcare for mom or dad. And  with a little more flexibility in the program, a little more support,  more families stay together and get ahead.   The underlying goal that Chairman Hatch and I had was simple, but  implementation has certainly been a challenge. It has required a lot of  close collaboration between the Department of Health and Human  Services, the Finance Committee, and State and local agencies.   My view is, when you are talking about reforms dealing with the well- being of our youngest, particularly most vulnerable kids, it is just  critical to get it right. That is why Rebecca Jones Gaston is the right  person to lead the Administration on Children, Youth, and Families. She  serves as the child welfare director for Oregon's Department of Human  Services. She is showing herself to be an effective leader and a strong  advocate for the vulnerable. She served in a similar role in the State  of Maryland under a Republican Governor. So this is somebody who shows  up every single day, willing to work with elected officials on both  sides of the aisle. All in all, she brings nearly 25 years of  experience in public policy dealing with support for families and  children.   The Finance Committee approved her nomination on a bipartisan basis  in March. My view is, the full Senate has waited long enough. Ms.  Gaston is a highly qualified nominee, and the Administration on  Children, Youth, and Families needs a confirmed leader.   Therefore, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate consider the  following nomination: Calendar No. 763, Rebecca E. Jones Gaston to be  Commissioner on Children, Youth, and Families, Department of Health and  Human Services; that the Senate vote on the nomination without  intervening action or debate; that the motion to reconsider be  considered made and laid upon the table; and that any statements  related to the nomination be printed in the Record.    Mr. President, just speaking briefly again, let me tell my  colleague from Tennessee that I have very much enjoyed working with him  on various policies here in the Senate.   My understanding is that my colleague believes that his State has  some ideas for showing that you can essentially meet Medicaid standards  for health services for vulnerable people and that the State of  Tennessee is interested in trying out some new approaches. I want to  assure my colleague that we are interested in hearing more about this.  There is a specific waiver provision, for example, in the Affordable  Care Act to try out new approaches consistent with these guardrails so  that people actually get healthcare coverage. My colleague has said to  me that he is interested in pursuing those kinds of ideas. I want him  to know that the Finance Democratic staff is available to hear his  staff out on this, and I hope we can work it out, and I hope we can  move Rebecca Gaston quickly.   This is a program that really makes a difference. Prior to Chairman  Hatch working with me on this, we had essentially two alternatives for  these vulnerable kids, neither of them particularly valuable. One was  just sending the kids off to foster care--some of those facilities are  good; some of them, not so good--or keeping them at home in a less than  desirable situation. What we did on a bipartisan basis is find a third  path for these vulnerable youngsters, where, for example, if a parent  was having difficulty with alcohol or drugs, they could get treatment  and stay as the parent.   So this is an important program. Rebecca Gaston knows how to run it  well. I want to see her confirmed as quickly as possible, and I want to  tell my colleague I recognize his concern today and will be interested  in following up with him and his staff to hear more about the program  in the days ahead.   I yield the floor.   