 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Wisconsin for  yielding. We will continue to engage in that.   With the permission of the gentleman from Wisconsin, I ask that he  also yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Good) to engage in a  colloquy.    Madam Speaker, I appreciate the time from the gentleman from  Wisconsin and his commitment to fighting to change this town, which,  unfortunately, too many of our colleagues are unwilling to do. I am  glad to have my friend from Virginia here as well.   Yesterday, we had an interesting exchange in the House Judiciary  Committee. We had a number of different conversations about the issue  of the ongoing threat at our border. I know that my friend from  Virginia was also here on the floor of the House last night, where we  had a continued conversation about the ongoing threat at the southern  border of the United States.   I would imagine that the people who I represent, and the people of  the State of Texas, would be horrified if they all got to see what I  see every day and the exchange with my colleagues here in this body  about what is actually happening at our border. What do I mean by that?   Yesterday, I had an exchange with the chairman of the House Judiciary  Committee because I was acknowledging, in the context of a debate we  were having about opening up visa waivers for the United States Virgin  Islands, that those kinds of waivers had been abused in Guam and other  territories of the United States. We were questioning why we are going  to open up these waivers while our border is wide open.   I pointed out the abuses that are happening at our border and the  abuses that are happening in Texas. I specifically talked about the  sexual abuses, the rapes, and the tragedy of what is occurring to  little girls and to people on the journey, in particular in Texas when  they cross the southern border because they are at the hands of the  dangerous cartels.   I said this at the time, that the committee chairman kind of scoffed.  It wasn't the first time I had seen some of our colleagues scoff with  respect to the perspectives that we are offering about what we see  every day and the conversations we have with people on the ground.   Why I think it merits conversation here on the floor of the House  is--and I want to get the gentleman from Virginia's perspective on  this--on behalf of the American people who we represent, the people of  the Commonwealth of Virginia, the people of the State of Texas, the  many people we represent, we are trying to articulate, for a body of  representatives of those people, that their lives are being impacted  and harmed by virtue of the refusal of this administration and,  frankly, many of the people of this Chamber to secure the border of the  United States.   In very short outline form, it comes in the form of empowered  cartels, dangerous individuals crossing our border, be they criminals,  be they terrorist members, or be they folks from state-sponsors of  terror.   It comes in the form of dangerous fentanyl and narcotics coming into  our communities, poisoning our families, poisoning our young, killing  people in schools.   It comes in the form of physical property damage to ranchers,  business owners, and people dealing with the dangerous flow coming  across the border.   It comes in the form of economic impacts and devastation.   It comes in the form of, for example, the town of Uvalde, Texas,  where you have 100 a day being dropped off. They have to deal with:  What do we do? Do we ship them to San Antonio? What do we do with our  schools? What do we do with our hospitals?   It comes in the form of danger because Border Patrol can't monitor  the border, and people come in, known got-aways.   It comes in the form of having criminals that exist in the United  States that aren't being prosecuted because, allegedly, we don't have  bed space, but really, we are not allowing ICE to do its job. You had,  for example, 25,000 prosecutions last year as opposed to something like  250,000 at the peak of the Trump administration.   Madam Speaker, I could go on and on and on. My point is, there is a  direct consequence and direct harm to the American people: dead  Americans, dead migrants, fentanyl pouring in, increased substance  abuse, empowerment of cartels, empowerment of China. This is happening  on a daily basis and getting worse.   Finally, now we are being told, even as the Speaker of the House has  COVID--if you look at the top stories in Politico, oh, my gosh,  everybody is running around. There are COVID-positive people in D.C.   Even as all of that is occurring, even as the extension of the proxy  voting fraud that is occurring in the House of Representatives--by  ``fraud,'' I mean that half of this body, or more, is signing up and  standing up at this podium every day, saying, ``I am not voting because  of COVID,'' signing documentation, and we know the vast majority has  nothing to do with COVID.    Well, I never have proxy-voted.    There is some sort of form, and you sign the form. In that  language, you say, ``due to the COVID emergency,'' or something to that  effect. I don't want to misrepresent the exact legal language. ``Due to  the COVID emergency, I cannot be here to vote, so I am allowing so-and- so colleague to vote for me.''    Given that we have lines and lines of people voting by  proxy, given that we have the Speaker of the House having COVID, given  that Politico is writing stories about how COVID is impacting the  swamp, given that you have to wear a mask on airplanes, given that we  are continuing to require members of our military to get a needle stuck  in their arm or potentially lose their job, given that we are  continuing to require among Federal workers like Border Patrol that  they get a needle in their arm or lose their job, then comes along the  infinite wisdom of the CDC director and the head of DHS, Secretary  Mayorkas, oh, let's get rid of title 42, literally the only thing that  is actually being used to enforce the border and stop half the flow of  people coming across our border.    Is the gentleman aware of this?   Did we take a trip together to Del Rio, Texas, a month ago?    Does the gentleman remember that we stood at the river in  Del Rio, and we were there at the spot where many thousands of Haitians  had crossed last September? Does the gentleman remember that?    Is the gentleman aware of whether or not the Secretary of  Homeland Security, Alejandro Mayorkas, or, for example, the White House  Press Secretary, Jen Psaki--quickly en route to a deal with MSNBC-- President Biden, or any other member of the administration who went to  the microphone and accused Border Patrol agents--lifetime public  servants serving on our border--of whipping human beings in the river;  is the gentleman aware of any of those individuals apologizing to them  and ensuring that they have been reposted in their jobs on horseback in  Del Rio?    To make sure the Record is clear, I think the gentleman from  Virginia is correct that neither the President nor the Vice President  have been to the border in what I would call the spots where it  matters.   I believe the Vice President of the United States did take a trip  where she hopped through El Paso, met with a number of folks away from  the border, went to the border for a quick photo, went back to El Paso,  and hopped on a plane en route to California. I believe that transpired  some time last year.   But never to Del Rio, never meeting with people right down on the  river, never down to McAllen, never to Laredo, never talked to any of  the people being affected directly by what is occurring at the border.  Neither the so-called border czar--the Vice President--nor the  President of the United States have been to the border.   To be clear, the Secretary of Homeland Security has only been there,  I think, a couple of times. And when attending I do not believe he was  received particularly well by the line Border Patrol.   Does the gentleman agree?    I appreciate the observation by my friend from Virginia  about what the Governor of Texas is having to do to stand in the breach  and to stand up in order to protect Texans in the complete and total  absence of the Federal Government to do its constitutional duties: to  defend the sovereign Nation and to deal with immigration which he  refuses to do.   I would note that the Governor and the legislature has appropriated  $3 billion in Texas. I don't know when we are going to get that paid  back by this august institution when Texas is doing the job of the  Federal Government, but, okay, we are a border State. Texas funded $3  billion, and we have used that to take our DPS agents and DPS troopers  and move them down to the border to be able to back up Border Patrol.  As the gentleman knows from our experience down there in meeting with  DPS, he has been engaging in policy and building fences and other  stuff, and now he is engaging in a policy shift where there is going to  be some action with respect to vehicle inspections at ports of entry. I  applaud that.   I would note that I would go so far as to say, I would support the  Governor shutting down I-35.    I would just shut down the port of entry. I would look at  the rest of America and my colleagues around this Chamber and say, Do  you like your cheap goods from Mexico right now when we have got high  inflation and we want to go attack China?   Guess what?   I-35 is shut down--shut down--until you secure the border of the  United States.   But I appreciate that the Governor's step is a step in that direction  to say, We are going to have vehicle inspections.   I hope they are long, slow vehicle inspections. I hope they cover  every car from beginning to end and take plenty of time doing it.   Secondly, using boats and having some sort of ability to deter  crossing, there was some plan to do that, I haven't read the details of  it. I hope it is sincere and robust.   And then the third part is what the gentleman from Virginia  mentioned, taking some of these who are dumped off by Border Patrol in  Texas, putting them on a bus, and shipping them to the front door of  this building. I support that.   There are a couple of caveats. There is one metric, and one metric  alone, that I will hold everybody in this Chamber accountable to, the  Governor of Texas accountable to, and the President of the United  States accountable to: Stop the flow now. That is your job.  [[Page H4426]]  That is your duty under the Constitution. That is what the law requires  you to do.   That is why we have the Secure Fence Act. That is why we have laws on  the books requiring you to follow the legal processes.   Do not allow the false name of asylum and compassion to be used as a  rule to swallow the constitutional duty to secure the border.   I would give the same speech to the Governor and to my colleagues in  the legislature in Texas: You have a duty to the people of Texas to  secure the border under Article 4. There is an invasion, and the  Federal Government is not doing its job. You have a duty to hold that  line.   So that is the metric by which we should grade the actions of the  Governor, the actions of this body, or the actions of the President.   I will see if the gentleman would agree.    Madam Speaker, I really appreciate my friend from Virginia  pointing this out.   Let me note that we are sitting here on April, I believe, 7-- actually, it is a couple of good friends of mine birthday. I am just  glad I said that out loud.     I will not mention that these two guys happen to be known  publicly. They are a couple of twins who are good buddies of mine and  their birthday is today.   But I sit here, and I say on April 7, it was a year ago almost to the  day--I would have to go look at the date of the filing of our discharge  petition down at the desk here in the Chamber--that I filed on behalf  of us who wanted to do it.   Our friend Yvette Herrell had legislation to require the enforcement  of title 42, the health provision that allows you to turn people away  because of communicable diseases which, of course, we are dealing with  during COVID. She had a bill that she filed last February. Now, keep in  mind, that was only a month into the administration. But we knew full  well what was happening because immigrants were showing up to the  border with Joe Biden T-shirts and with ``thank you to President Joe  Biden'' shirts. So we knew what was coming. We knew that the Members of  this Chamber and Democrat friends in the administration would say: Oh,  well, I don't know if we need to use title 42 enforcement. I don't know  if we need to use migrant protection protocols and return to Mexico,  because, frankly, we knew they would be fine with a flood across our  border.    So we filed a discharge petition of that bill.   Now, I want a little history here for 1 minute. We introduced that  discharge petition, and we got our normal group of Members who like to  fight for freedom. We had 30 or 40 of us get on that discharge right  away. And then it was a slog. It was a slog for the better part of a  year. We tried in the summer, we got it to 75. We went on Tucker  Carlson. We said: Hey, here are the people who have signed it, and here  are the ones who haven't.    Suddenly, that list grew to 125.   Then what?   We went back on Tucker. We went back: Hey, here is what the list  number is.   Suddenly, that number grew to about 160. We got it up to 195, and  then it stalled. Then 2 weeks ago, when all of the title 42 news  started breaking that the CDC director in all her infinite wisdom--I'm  not going to go down that rabbit trail at the moment--and the  Department of Homeland Security Secretary said, Oh, yeah, we are not  going to do title 42 anymore.   All of a sudden, people around here said, Whoa, well, that will be a  thing.   I knew it was a thing a year ago, and my friend from Virginia knew it  was a thing a year ago. The gentleman has been to the border four times  in his brief tenure. I live 100 miles from the border. Well, my  District is 100 miles from the border.   So we get this discharge petition. Now, we have got it. We have got  210, I think--give or take one--signatures on that, all Republicans.  Not one Democratic colleague has yet to sign it.    Yet there are four Democratic Senators--Senator Manchin,  Senator Mark Kelly, Senator Kyrsten Sinema, and Senator Jon Tester--who  have all said, Hey, we shouldn't be getting rid of title 42.   Can my friend from Virginia explain why not one Member, even from a  border State, of our Democratic colleagues will sign that discharge  petition?    Well, like any good Republican Conference, we did nothing.  We did nothing. We let the moments of leverage just pass right on by  and did nothing.   Yet, I sat here on the floor, while I had some of my Republican  leadership colleagues saying: We got all this great stuff. Can you  believe what we got? We got the Hyde amendment.   You are supposed to get the Hyde amendment. It has been law for 35  years. Just because Democrats say they are not going to use it, you  say: Don't worry, we got the Hyde amendment, and then you pat yourself  on the back.    $1.6 trillion, $1 billion of plussed-up spending, $14  billion for Ukraine, without a single debate here on the floor of the  House about how much money we should spend and what we should get out  of it.   No change to the mandate of vaccines being stuck in the arms of our  men and women in uniform, Border Patrol, or the requirements for  healthcare workers. No change on border security, none; no requirements  whatsoever on border security. That is not getting a win.   Now, here we sit. The gentleman raised an important question.   We have got about 5 minutes, to be respectful of our friend from  Wisconsin's time.    Correct, and he understands what the swamp is all about.   The gentleman brought up the impact--I think that this is one of most  important things we can say here in closing. The gentleman brought up  the impact in Lynchburg, Virginia. People think this is just a border  issue, and I come down here because it is Texas. Yeah, we are taking it  on the chin. I have ranchers who are crying. I have people who are  victims of crime. I have migrants in my district who are abused, all  under the false name of compassion, about open borders.   We have got to sit back and find dead bodies of migrants on ranches,  get a morgue brought down to put 115 dead bodies in, in one county. My  Democratic colleagues are like: Whatever. Who cares? It is just some  problem we have just got to deal with.   That is the reality. But it stretches throughout the country.    If the gentleman will oblige, if he agrees with these  numbers, we are looking at about a million illegal encounters in just 6  months of this year. We have seen more than six times as many daily  apprehensions since Mayorkas took office. In March alone, there were  97,000 southern border encounters, through half of the month. Of those,  51 percent were removed under title 42.   So it tells you half are being removed for title 42, and they are  about to end it. Mayorkas has used title 42 as the basis for almost  every one of those removed. So what would it look like, this past year,  without title 42? Title 42 has been used, I think the gentleman would  agree, more than 1.7 million times during this pandemic.    In fact, under Secretary Mayorkas at DHS, we have seen more  than 2.2 million encounters, and everyone who wasn't turned away under  title 42 was released.    That is 700,000 releases last year.   Now, what about this: In fiscal year 2021, the Border Patrol  encountered 10,700 criminal noncitizens. 3,662 have been arrested thus  far in 2022. The combined timeframes include roughly 85 convictions of  manslaughter or homicide; 604 sexual offenses; almost 3,000 convictions  of illegal drug possession; and based on reports, at least 14 who are  on the terrorist watch list.   In just the first 5 months of fiscal year 2022, Border Patrol  encountered 525,000 people, other than Mexicans. In just the first 5  months of fiscal year 2022, Border Patrol encountered 421 Chinese  nationals. In just the first 5 months of fiscal year 2022, Border  Patrol encountered 7,191 Russians out on the southwest border.   I say all of that to say this: When we don't secure our border, when  we turn Border Patrol into a processing organization, we leave our  borders wide open for got-aways. Then we have dangerous narcotics and  fentanyl pouring into our communities, we have people dying, and we  have gangs.   Can the gentleman speak to the deaths and the gangs and the crime and  the impact in Virginia, 1,500-miles away from where we are even talking  about?    I thank the gentleman from Virginia. I am at just over 29  minutes, so I would tell the gentleman from Wisconsin that I am going  to wind down here in the next minute. I appreciate his time, his  leadership, and his indulgence.   I also want to thank the Speaker and the staff for being here while  we are continuing to talk about this important topic.   I will just close by saying, this is a massive national security  issue. This is a massive issue of the most important relevance to the  safety and well-being of the people that we represent.   Why this body is not engaged in just a complete, full, and robust  review, hearings, oversight, and legislation to ensure that we protect  the sovereignty of the United States and enforce the laws of the United  States, is beyond me.   The people's House has an obligation. Article I has an obligation to  check Article II and to demand that those executing the laws actually  do so.   I respectfully submit to the Speaker and to my colleagues on the  other of the aisle:   When are we going to do our job?   How many dead migrants found on ranches is enough?   How many dead Americans from fentanyl overdoses--fentanyl poisonings,  to be more accurate--is enough?   How much money flowing into the hands of dangerous cartel  organizations, transnational organizations, turning Mexico into a  narco-terror state, is enough?   How much do we have to suffer, as a people in this country, as a  State in Texas?   Again, the migrants who seek to come here are getting sold into the  sex trafficking trade, getting abused and dying in the heat along the  southern border, how much of that do we have to tolerate before my  colleagues on the other side of the aisle wake up?   Madam Speaker, I appreciate gentleman from Wisconsin for all that he  does in representing his constituents and for his indulgence.   