 Madam Chair, I rise today in support of the Wildfire  Response and Drought Resiliency Act.   Let me, of course, thank Representative Neguse for his strong  leadership on these issues, as well as Leader Hoyer for getting this  bill to the floor.   I also acknowledge and understand my good friend Mr. Westerman's  complaints about regular order, but I also know that he understands how  urgent of action is needed, especially when it comes to us getting a  grip on the conflagrations, the devastation, and the destruction that  we are experiencing in the American West when it comes to wildfires.   Right now we have a record drought that has led to record levels of  dryness. Dead and dying fuels have created vast swaths of wilderness  that are flammable, ignitable, and combustible just from a single  spark, a simple downed power line, a smoldering campfire, or a strike  of lightning that can absolutely wipe out not just our forests and our  parks, but lives and livelihoods.   This legislation contains a number of bills that would help reduce  that threat, including my Save Our Forests Act that would authorize the  Forest Service to hire more employees to help manage not just forests  but the people who visit our forests.   Eighty percent of wildfires are caused by humans, so more Forest  Service personnel are needed to manage humans acting like humans.   Additionally, the Wildfire Emergency Safety Act, which I authored  with Senator Feinstein, provides a strategy and the authority to start  thinning out the undergrowth of overgrown forests and then set  prescribed burns to eliminate those dead and dying fuels.   This bill would do that at the national level with large-scale  restoration projects, and it would do that at the local level with non- Federal lands through partnerships with our Federal stakeholders.   Let me also make one thing clear to our environmental allies. This is  not a slippery slope to clear-cutting or commercial logging. This is  not about timber harvesting for economic interests. This is about  smart, science-based, commonsensical stewardship for our forests. It is  a solution to deal with our drought and a strategy to not just suppress  wildfires, but, also, to do everything we can to prevent them.   