 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding and for  her very distinguished and passionate advocacy for civil liberties and  civil rights. I thank her for her excellent management of this  legislation. I also thank the floor leader on the minority side for his  excellent words on the legislation, as well.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my bill, H.R. 4330, the  Protect Reporters from Exploitative State Spying Act, or the PRESS Act,  which I introduced with Congressmen Lieu and Yarmuth. It is a close  successor to the bill that then-Congressman Mike Pence got passed in  the House in the 110th Congress by a lopsided vote of 398-21.   Given that the bill passed unanimously in the Judiciary Committee  earlier this year, I am very hopeful that this is the Congress in which  we can get it done.   Our Founders insisted that the American people must have the means to  acquire the truth about their own government, their society, and their  world. Those ``who mean to be their own governors,'' said Madison,  ``must arm themselves with the power which knowledge gives.''   Newspapers were critical, a form of continuing public education about  government and about society. Thomas Jefferson said: ``If it were left  to me to decide whether we should have a government without newspapers  or newspapers without a government, I should not hesitate a moment to  prefer the latter.''   The great Tom Paine not only defended but demonstrated the power of  the pen as the people's weapon against political tyranny. His  sensationally successful pamphlet ``Common Sense'' argued the central  importance of free speech and free press to the survival of political  democracy.   In theory, the specific command in the First Amendment that Congress  shall make no law abridging the freedom of the press was unnecessary  because press freedom would already, by definition, be subsumed under  the freedom of speech. The Framers insisted upon protecting the  structurally distinctive role that the press plays as a watchdog  institution in a representative democratic society.   Not everyone can go to congressional hearings or State legislative  sessions or county council meetings late into the night. Not all of us  can travel to Ukraine to uncover Russian war crimes against the people  there or go to Afghanistan to see what it means to have theocratic  tyranny oppressing the people. Not everyone can personally go get the  Pentagon Papers or break the Watergate scandal or penetrate crime and  drug trafficking rings or see with their own eyes how climate change is  ravaging the Louisiana coast or Pakistan. As citizens of the United  States, we are all equally implicated and affected by these  developments, and we are all equally invested in obtaining the truth  about them. This is why we need professional journalists and  newspapers.   Yet, reporters in our country face violence, threats, intimidation,  and even jail time just for doing their jobs, providing news and  information.   The Committee to Protect Journalists reported that journalists in the  United States faced unprecedented attacks in 2020. At least 110  reporters were arrested or criminally charged in relation to their  reporting, and around 300 were assaulted in 2020 alone.   Many families in my State of Maryland are still reeling from the mass  shooting at the Capital Gazette newspaper in Annapolis, which took the  lives of five different journalists and injured several others in 2018.   Lots of reporters face harsh legal consequences just for reporting  and then faithfully maintaining the confidentiality of sources.   One journalist who faced repercussions simply for doing his job I  know well--Brian Karem, one of my constituents. In 1990 and 1991, he  went to jail four different times to protect confidential sources while  working as a TV reporter. The last time, he went to jail for nearly 2  weeks while the Supreme Court considered his case, and he was only  spared a long sentence when his source moved from Texas to California  and, no longer fearing for her life, came forward.   Now more than ever, we need to make good on the constitutional  promise of a free press by establishing a Federal shield law to protect  journalists against government overreach and prosecutorial abuses that  may occur from one administration to the next.   The PRESS Act is an update of the Free Flow of Information Act that I  introduced with the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Jordan), the ranking  member of the Judiciary Committee, in the 115th Congress. It will  prevent Federal law enforcement from being able to obtain information  from covered journalists through their work devices and accounts, as  well as their personal devices and accounts. It will also prevent  government officials from conducting an end run around these  prohibitions by precluding them from seeking third-party communications  held by communications services, except in narrow and carefully cabined  exceptional instances.   America favors shield laws to protect the media because our people  know that the press is not the enemy of the people. The press is the  people's best friend.   Forty-nine States and Washington, D.C., have already passed State  shield laws or adopted some kind of reporter's privilege of their own.  What better evidence could we have that the American people want a free  and aggressive press to expose corruption and safeguard democracy?    Mr. Speaker, I fervently hope that my colleagues on both  [[Page H7930]]  sides of the aisle--indeed, every Member of the House of  Representatives--will rise to support this bill, the successor to our  2017 bipartisan bill and the successor to the bill that then- Congressman, now-Vice President Mike Pence navigated to victory in the  House on a vote of 398-21 15 years ago.   Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her indulgence.   