 Madam Speaker, when people sometimes ask me to name  an unusual fun fact about myself, something that no one would quite  believe would be true, I sometimes say that at a younger point in my  life I had a chance to write and negotiate a four act parody  performance of ``West Side Story'' with the Russian Government. I owe  that experience to Secretary Madeleine Albright.  [[Page H4496]]    I was a young speech writer at the State Department when she became  Secretary of State. I was so thrilled to have that opportunity because  here I was an immigrant from Poland when it was a Communist country.  Our new Secretary of State was an immigrant from Czechoslovakia,  leaving that country under duress with her family when it became a  Communist country. I felt a kinship with this extraordinary American, a  sense that we saw the world in similar terms.   I saw her in every part of the world stand up for our country, for  our values, for our interest. I saw her face down dictators and comfort  their victims. I saw her sense of fun.   In 1997, we were on our way to a meeting of the Association of  Southeast Asian Nations, ASEAN, in Malaysia, and we learned a couple of  days in advance that there was a tradition that every delegation would  put on a skit at the end of this diplomatic meeting, something very,  very unusual. We heard, furthermore, that the United States had  developed a reputation for really sucking at the skit. That was not  acceptable to Madeleine Albright.   She was going to go and stand up for democracy in Burma and Cambodia  and have a standoff with the Chinese over the South China Sea, but we  were also going to win the skit. So she assigned me to write a brand  new version of ``Don't Cry for me Argentina'' from ``Evita,'' which  became ``Don't Cry for Me ASEANs.'' We all got up there and performed  it, not really knowing what the reaction would be. It was reviewed in  Playbill on Broadway. It was such a surprising hit.   We learned something really interesting, in diplomacy you can  actually say anything, no matter how sensitive, no matter how  potentially offensive to your diplomatic partners around the world, if  you make it rhyme and you put it in a song.   So the next year we got even more ambitious, and we went to the  Russians, and said, Would you like to do ``West Side Story'' with us?  They said, Yes. So my job over the most stressful week of my life,  counting my last two elections, was to negotiate into long hours of the  night with the Russian diplomats the jokes that we would make in this  four-act production of ``West Side Story.''   We didn't think that they would do it until the last minute. The  night before the performance, at midnight, the foreign minister of  Russia, Yevgeny Primakov, who had been the head of their KGB, stumbled  in with his aides into Secretary Albright's suite completely drunk, and  said, We are ready to rehearse. We knew that we had it.   Those were obviously simpler days, better days, when we could fight  with the Russians on all kinds of issues, but still find fellowship and  some friendship and some opportunity to laugh together.   Times have changed. When I look at what is happening right now to the  brave people of Ukraine and the evil that Russia has unleashed on them,  and so many other terrible things that the government of Vladimir Putin  has done in recent years, I thank goodness for what Secretary of State  Madeleine Albright did in the 1990s, particularly her role in leading  the first expansion of the NATO alliance.   She understood and saw, before most people, that it would be unjust  to stay allied with Europe's old democracies, France, Germany, the  United Kingdom forever, but Europe's new democracies never, simply  because they had once, against their will, had been subjugated by the  Soviet Union.   She also saw it would be unwise, in fact reckless, to allow these  Eastern European democracies to stay in a gray zone of insecurity, to  signal to Russia that it could, in effect, do what it wanted in this  zone, that America would not defend these countries.    She said then of NATO expansion that it was basically about expanding  the part of Europe where wars do not happen. By making clear that we,  the United States, will fight, if necessary, to defend our allies  there, we would make the necessity of doing so actually far less  likely. She was right.   Not a single member of NATO, old or new, has ever been attacked on  European soil to this day. The only countries Russia has attacked are  countries that do not have NATO's defense guarantee.   I think one reason she saw these things is because as an immigrant to  America, as an immigrant from tyranny, she saw America from the inside  but also from the outside. She saw what America means--what the idea of  America means to a human rights defender in Burma, to a dissident in  China, to a refugee from violence in Kosovo or Bosnia. She comforted so  many of those people and convinced them that America was on their side.   She believed America is a special country, indeed, an indispensable  country. She understood that our influence in the world comes not just  from the example of our power, but from the power of our example at  home.   In her last years, when I would see her, she would often tell me that  one of her greatest regrets was she never had a chance to run for  office. She was jealous of those of us who had worked with her over the  years who decided to run for Congress because she understood that we  can't do anything for others if we are not safe and strong at home in  our own great, American democracy.   Years ago, when I worked for her she gave a commencement address, and  I will just close with these words that she spoke: ``There is no  certain roadmap to success, either for individuals or for generations.  Ultimately, it is a matter of judgment, a question of choice. In making  that choice, let us remember that there is not a page of American  history, of which we are proud, that was authored by a chronic  complainer or prophet of despair. We are doers. We have a  responsibility, as others have had in theirs, not to be prisoners of  history, but to shape history; a responsibility to fill the role of  pathfinder, and to build with others a global network of purpose and  law that will protect our citizens, defend our interests, preserve our  values, and bequeath to future generations a legacy as proud as the one  that we honor today.   ``To that mission, I pledge my own best efforts and summon yours.''   We pledge our best efforts to that mission here today, and we summon  those of everybody who is watching this evening.   