 Mr. President, thank you for that recognition, and it is  great to see you safe and secure, out of your vehicle, presiding over  the Senate.   It is a great honor for me to follow my friend the Senator from  Michigan on this important day, and I want to start by thanking my  friend and chairperson of the Rules Committee, the Senator from  Minnesota, for organizing us to come together today to commemorate or  acknowledge what was a dark, dark day in American history, what  happened a year ago.   I want to thank--and I will do this in a more formal way in a  moment--all the folks who helped protect us on January 6, a year ago.  And I want to commend an organization that I know the Presiding Officer  is aware of, as is the Senator from Minnesota and the Senator from  Colorado--the World Central Kitchen, led by Jose Andres, who is right  now downstairs--Jose is not, but the organization is--serving Capitol  Police and other Capitol personnel free meals today.   It is a wonderful organization that supports those in need all across  the world and all across the country, and the fact that they are here  today saying ``thank you'' to our Capitol Police and others is  appropriate.   Mr. President, I rise today to mark the anniversary of the January 6  insurrection in which a mob broke into this Capitol, broke onto the  floor of the Senate, in an effort to overturn the 2020 Presidential  election. This was an effort to undermine democracy, plain and simple.   In the last year, I think most of us have reflected a lot on the  effort by our U.S. Capitol Police, the DC Metropolitan Police, the  Virginia State Police, and the Maryland State Police that day. They  quite literally held the line to protect our democracy. I am personally  indebted to those individuals who saved so many lives and some of whom  lost their own.   And while others, I know, have already come before me and talked  about the incredible role of the Capitol Police and other allies--the  Metropolitan Police--as the Presiding Officer knows, the first State  police to arrive on the scene were Maryland and Virginia. They actually  got here quicker than the National Guard.   But I would like to highlight in my comments today another group of  people who helped quell the insurrection, and that was the Virginia  National Guard, a group of men and women that I and the Presiding  Officer have great pride in. We both have served as Governors of the  Commonwealth of Virginia, and one of the most important roles in being  Governor--beyond the fact of the incredibly important title you carry  when you are Governor--is the fact that we served during those each of  our 4 years, the Presiding Officer and I, as the commander in chief of  the Guard.   One of the most meaningful parts I recall was seeing off those Guard  members, young and old--these are folks who have day jobs and lives and  studies and work--seeing them off, deployed to Iraq and Afghanistan and  to respond in the aftermath of hurricanes and floods and welcoming back  these citizen soldiers in a way that oftentimes doesn't get the  recognition that they deserve.   But I, again, think back to January 6. As the crowds grew here on  Capitol grounds and steadily advanced their positions, eventually into  this building itself--and, again, so many of us were here. And I think  the Senator from Oklahoma was speaking as we heard the glass break and  people shouting, ``Quick, let's secure the doors.''   I think all of us who work here, our pages, the great members of the  floor staff, with particular recognition of the Parliamentarian staff-- we come racing in, and we think about those doors upstairs, which are,  frankly, pretty flimsy. We all remember that day and those moments. It  was obvious pretty quickly that we were going to need additional force  to augment the Capitol Police and the Metropolitan Police.   Now, a year ago, it took much too long than was needed to get the  National Guard to provide that assistance. We had, at that point, a  convoluted system in place that resulted in delays in getting the Guard  to the Capitol. I am proud to say that since then Congress--again,  under the leadership of our chair of the Rules Committee, Senator  Klobuchar--has passed on a bipartisan basis and the President has  signed into law the Capitol Police Emergency Assistance Act, which  empowers the Capitol Police chief to request the assistance of the DC  Guard or other Federal law enforcement agencies in emergencies without  the prior approval process that was used in the past: the Capitol  Police Board and the kind of bureaucratic hurdles that, frankly, didn't  allow the Guard to get called in a year ago.   When the decision was finally made to utilize National Guard  personnel, men and women from the DC National Guard, the Maryland  National Guard, and the Virginia Guard were literally the first ones to  be called up. Within hours of the riot and the Capitol being stormed,  while personnel here on the ground were still working to secure and  fully regain control of the Capitol Complex, men and women in the  Virginia National Guard were ready for deployment   (Mr. KING assumed the Chair.)   As I mentioned earlier, those of us--and I see now the Presiding  Officer is the former Governor of Maine. He had that same  responsibility that I had and the previous Presiding Officer had as  Governors to be commander in chief of our Guards.   We know firsthand that the National Guard in each of our respective  States is a civilian force. These men and women who were called up on  January 6 and 7 were called from their jobs, their studies, and most  importantly, their families. They were called from cities and towns and  big cities and small farming communities all across the Commonwealth.  Within hours, they mobilized for a domestic deployment to our National  Capitol.   I remember one Guard member I met, who lived in Arlington--he was  working, got the deployment call, rushed back home to pick up some  clothes, take a shower, and had, frankly, to drive all the way down--I  think they were mustering in Newport News at that point and then were  redeployed up here at the Capitol the next morning.   On January 7, the morning following the riot, the first National  Guard personnel arrived on the scene to support the ongoing security  effort and to protect against the possibility of future threats.   Folks in this room remember how uncertain the immediate aftermath  was. The men and women of the Guard arrived in DC fully armed and had  been told to prepare for the possibility of confronting heavily armed  rioters and protesters--not tourists; heavily armed rioters and  protesters--and even the possibility that some of those rioters and  protesters might bring bombs or IEDs that could have been placed in the  vicinity of the Capitol. We still haven't found the source of those  bombs that were placed at the Democratic and Republican National  Committees.  [[Page S68]]    The weeks leading up to the inauguration, after the 7th and before  the 21st, even more National Guard personnel poured into DC from across  the country. The Virginia National Guard continued to perform a  critical and outsized role in this response, with nearly 2,500 men and  women--close to 10 percent of the total Guard presence in DC--securing  the Capitol grounds and Library of Congress, providing quick-reaction  capabilities to Capitol, Metropolitan, and Park Police, and adding  critical communications, medical, logistical, and chaplain support.   I want to specifically highlight the Virginia National Guard's 116th  Infantry Brigade Combat Team, which played a leading role in protecting  our Capitol in the weeks following January 6.   The IBCT, under the command of COL Chris Samulski, led a task force  of more than 7,400 airmen and soldiers from 12 different States and was  responsible for maintaining the physical security of the Capitol  grounds leading up to the inauguration.   Twice during their mission here at the Capitol, I had the privilege  of meeting with the Virginia Guard. What I heard time and again was the  great mix of emotion that came with this deployment. These women and  men had volunteered for duty to serve the United States and protect our  Constitution, but what they normally expect that duty to ensue was  protecting us against our foreign enemies.   I see my friend, my colleague from Virginia. I know he visited with  the Guard as well.   Many of these men and women had been deployed--in some cases,  multiple times--to Iraq and Afghanistan. Many of these soldiers and  airmen had been deployed in the aftermath of hurricanes and storms and  natural disasters. None of them, not only from Virginia but from any  other State that was mustered here, had ever been deployed when the  frontline against people who wanted to overthrow our government was not  abroad but right here in our Nation's Capital. They were as shocked as  all of us that this very building where we work every day needed  National Guard protection.   The truth was, they would spend weeks on duty, camped out in our  Capitol and around the congressional office buildings. Again, I thank  the chairman of the Rules Committee. When sometimes they didn't get a  fair shake or tried to get pushed aside, many of us, under her  leadership, said: No, these folks should not be pushed out in the cold  because somebody wants their parking space back.   I remember their kind of uncertainty. They were kind of saying:  Senator, we didn't think we would ever be here. But I also remember  their pride in serving as part of this historic mission and their  direct role in safeguarding our democracy. Their presence during that  time, all the way through the inauguration when there were still  concerns that the mobs might be back, I think helped calm the Capitol,  not just Members but those who were pages at that point and the many,  many staff. They helped calm the Capitol and our country.    While we faced and still face unprecedented challenges as a nation,  the work and dedication of the men and women of the Guard demonstrated  that our democracy is stronger than the destructive behavior of any  mob.   This is important because the events of January 6 were not an  isolated event. What happened that day was the product of the Big Lie,  perpetrated by a former President and cultivated by those who wished to  chip away at the sacred values upon which our Nation was founded. Those  same individuals--those same individuals--in many instances continue to  stoke that lie that our elections are not secure and that they are  better off in the hands of partisan officials with the authority to  overturn the results if somehow those partisan officials don't like the  results of the people.   Fueled by the Big Lie, a number of States across the country are  changing laws to undermine the right to vote in free and fair  elections. The rights of all Americans but especially minority  Americans--people of color, young Americans--are being attacked, and  the basic tenets of our democracy are under siege.   These changes to voting laws are un-American; for example, what  happened on Wednesday, where, as we heard yesterday--oftentimes in  precincts of color, particularly precincts with a heavy concentration  of African Americans, you wait not an hour or 10 minutes in line; you  wait 2, 5, 8, 10 hours in line. So the idea that we can't give you any  water or food while you are waiting that 10 hours in line, who is going  to vote? In States like Texas, where they are saying a local government  can overturn the results of a local election--that is not democracy. It  is despicable that some people want to make it harder for eligible  Americans to participate in our democracy.   One of the things that we saw and that I am very proud of in the  Commonwealth of Virginia is that we dramatically expanded our voting  rights this year. We had an unprecedented turnout. It resulted in favor  of one party. Our candidate of choice didn't win. The Republican  candidate won because he helped turn out the early vote.   The notion--I don't understand those who are trying to restrict. What  are people afraid of when more people participate? Consequently, that  is why we need to act now to protect our democracy by passing the John  Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act and the Freedom to Vote Act. Since  the Senate has shown it cannot do this basic duty and find 60 Senators  to support basic voting rights, it is time to change the Senate rules  so the filibuster can't be abused to continue blocking vital voting  rights legislation.   I can think of no better way to honor the sacrifices that were made  in defense of our democracy last year than by passing these bills to  prevent further subversion of our electoral system and safeguard our  democracy for future generations.   I note my former colleague passed today. I wish many of my Republican  colleagues were here so they, too, could stand up and express their  views and thoughts on what happened a year ago. I hope, even if they  are not here today or tomorrow, that next week, they will come to the  floor as well. Let their voices be heard. What do they think a year  after on January 6? Is that acceptable behavior? What do they think  about the efforts to try to restrict voting all across many places of  the South? But that is going to change as more and more State  legislatures come in this year. What are their views on these critical  issues? Where do they stand on protecting Americans' right to vote and  preserving our democracy, which was under assault a year ago?   With that, I yield the floor.   