 Madam Speaker, the gentleman is absolutely right. The  bill purports to assert a very important constitutional right, the  right to trial by jury in civil actions. But it does so by denying  everyone a very important other constitutional right, the freedom of  unimpaired contract, the right of two parties to agree to exchange  goods and services according to their own best judgment.   Now, because of the excesses and expenses and uncertainties that have  plagued our civil courts, many consumers and producers, and many  employees and employers, find it advantageous to waive their right to  civil jury trials in any disputes between them in favor of a simpler,  cheaper, and faster arbitration.   Now, proponents tell us it is an uneven playing field, and this  requirement is often imposed in nonnegotiable, take-it-or-leave-it  propositions. This isn't exactly true. Every employee and every  consumer, no matter how weak and vulnerable, has an absolute defense  against a bad agreement. It is the word ``no.'' No, the pay isn't good  enough. No, the price is too high. No, I don't like the binding  arbitration clause or any other terms, and I am taking my business  elsewhere.   Now, even when there aren't good alternatives, the fact is that every  provision in a contract is a take-it-or-leave-it proposition if one  side or the other insists on it. The question for each side is whether  the totality of the contract is beneficial to them or not. It is every  grownup's right to make that decision for themselves without somebody  in government making it for them.   Remember, the so-called forced arbitration provision forces the  company to accept arbitration as well. For example, I am not a lawyer.  I can't afford to hire one to take a big company to court. For me,  binding arbitration helps level the playing field by providing me with  an inexpensive alternative that the company must abide by. This bill  takes that protection away from me.   According to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, through arbitration,  employees prevail three times more often, recover twice as much money,  and resolve their claims more quickly than they could through  litigation. And in most cases, the employer pays the entire cost of  arbitration.   According to one study, in claims between $10,000 and $75,000, the  consumer claimant was charged an average of $219. Now, you compare that  to the cost of hiring an attorney and taking on an entire corporate  legal department.   The net result of this bill will be higher prices for products and  lower wages for workers as companies factor the high cost of litigation  into their business models.   Madam Speaker, that is not fair.   