 Mr. Speaker, I am joined here this evening by some of the  other members of the Freedom Caucus to talk about what everybody is  talking about or one of the things everybody is talking about, which is  the unmitigated disaster, the calamity, the crisis at the United States  southern border.   Today, Secretary Mayorkas was here on the Hill, and I think the term  he used was that the border was effectively managed. Effectively  managed, Mr. Speaker. I think maybe we are asking the wrong question  because effectively managed seems very different in the minds of many  Americans than apparently it does to the good Secretary.   It seems to me that just looking at the numbers--and I think we  oftentimes talk too much in numbers--the toll is in real human lives,  but we do need to talk about the numbers a little bit just to emphasize  the scale.   Effectively managed. For us, for Americans, we think we should have a  sovereign country that has a border where the United States of America  determines who gets to walk across the border and what the process is.  Of course, that is obliterated right now. That is totally gone.   I think when the Secretary says that it is being effectively managed,  I think that is in terms of the new left's version of the border of  America, which is to allow it to be as open as possible, to be violated  as many times as possible, and to make as efficient as possible those  violations on a daily basis.   In other words, let's move across as many people as we can, legally  or illegally, without regard to the safety of the country, without  regard to the health of the country, without regard to the financial  circumstances of the country. All of that stuff is out, quite honestly,  without regard to the sentiment of the American people whom we all  serve--our bosses.   In his mind, apparently, it is effectively being managed. Every time  we allocate more money, the charge is it is to more effectively manage  or secure our border. Ladies and gentlemen and Mr. Speaker, what that  means under President Biden and Secretary Mayorkas and the left's reign  across  [[Page H4571]]  America right now is that they are efficiently--and becoming more  efficient at it--moving illegal aliens into our country, into our  neighborhoods.   Maybe you say, Well, look, these are just people that are looking for  a better life. Many of them are, that is true. We don't hate anybody.  Every one of us wants to help. What comes with that? What comes with  the wide open border?   Mr. Speaker, what comes with it is a record number of fentanyl  overdoses, the leading cause of death for young people between the ages  of 18 and 42 in America today. That is what comes across the border.  MS-13 and the criminal element.   It is said that we need a humane policy. This is a humane policy? Mr.  Speaker, I don't know whether you know this or not, but, unfortunately,  a young National Guardsman died while trying to help people that were  trying to cross the river, they seemed like they were struggling so he  jumped in to help them. He lost his life.   I don't know if it is true, but it is reported that after those  people came across or got across they were arrested for drug  trafficking. When they found the young servicemember's body, it was  with another person who happened to be an illegal alien that was trying  to cross. Of course, it is not reported, but I think there are  literally hundreds and hundreds of dead illegal aliens that have tried  to cross the border in the last 14 months. How humane is that?   Human trafficking. We have passed numerous bills in this House of  Representatives, Mr. Speaker, even since you have been here, about  human trafficking. Yet, the taxpayers of our country are forced to  finance the largest human trafficking operation the world has ever  known. These are the same people paying the taxes.   Mr. Speaker, I went to the grocery store before I came here, I  bought, I think, seven items: a loaf of bread, cheese, normal things-- two little bags. It was $50. These are the same people that are paying  $50 for the groceries for two little bags that have got to pay for all  of this.   I have a regular-size car, it has about 292,000 miles on it, and it  was $75 to fill it up. We are telling them, under penalty of law,  unless you pay for this you will go to jail, and you will lose your  house if you don't pay your taxes.   Mr. Speaker, this is unconscionable. We are currently at 8,000 per  day. There are 8,000 illegal crossings per day. We are here to talk  about title 42, which is only going to at least double that--and that  is according to this Department of Homeland Security. Double that.   There is already a crisis at 8,000 per day. I come from a town of  about 2,000 people. Every day, four times that many people come across  the border illegally and reside in the United States and take away and  steal our opportunities. They steal the American opportunity for  education, for safe streets, for a starting job--your first job out of  high school. All of that is stolen.   Mr. Speaker, I would contend that Secretary Mayorkas should be  arrested for violating the law because indeed he is violating the law.  He is not enforcing the law. He swore an oath. It is in the law. People  say we need new laws. Mr. Speaker, even members of your party are  saying we need new legislation to combat this.   What is any legislation going to matter if the administration refuses  to faithfully execute the laws of this land? It is listed right in the  Constitution, Mr. Speaker. It is right in there. It is right in there.  Faithfully execute the laws of the land. Yet, we have a President and  we have a Secretary that refuse to do it.   Mr. Speaker, I am joined here by my great colleagues. I yield to the  gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Good).     Mr. Speaker, I thank the good gentleman. I yield to the  gentleman from Georgia (Mr. Hice).    Mr. Hice, could you tell us how many have signed? How many  Democrats have signed the discharge? The discharge brings the bill to  the floor. How many have signed?    Mr. Speaker, there are Democrats out there talking about  the border crisis and saying we have to fix it, yet they won't sign it.    Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Colorado  (Mrs. Boebert).    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Colorado for her  remarks.   Mrs. Boebert talked about the wall that is not being built;  unfulfilled contracts, Mr. Speaker, costing, as Secretary Mayorkas told  us today, $72 million, $72 million to not build the border wall, to not  honor the contracts that the United States has made with the  contractors, $72 million. Yet they are asking for more money.   Mrs. Boebert also knows that even though we have contracted for more  beds to deal with the influx, we actually leave them empty while we pay  NGOs--nongovernmental organizations--to put these people up in hotels.  And I will remind you, Mr. Speaker, that the folks whom I serve--my  bosses--can barely afford their groceries or their gas, but they are  forced to pay for this. We will talk about national security because  border security is national security.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the good gentleman from Texas (Mr. Cloud).    Mr. Speaker, national security is community security. We  are here to talk about the border in general, but certainly title 42,  8,000 a day right now but soon to be double that, maybe more than  double that, 8,000 a day. So national security is community security.   I was watching a report on the television of a lady in New York--I  think it was New York--she got stabbed in the neck and the face over 50  times--over 50 times--murdered. And in the press conference the press  asked for the person--the perpetrator--whom they had caught his  immigration status. And law enforcement said: We are not going to get  into that. We are not going to get into that.   There is a Texas guardsman, a young man who would be alive right now.  There is a lady who was stabbed in the neck and the face 50 some times  who would be alive right now because this administration, the left, the  Democratic Party, unfortunately, apparently doesn't care about border  security, community security, title 42, preserving the American Dream,  and safeguarding the American people.   Mr. Speaker, we are going to lose a great Member of Congress here at  the end of this session. I often affectionately refer to him as the  closer because everybody is gone from Washington, D.C., but Louie is  still standing there telling the country what is happening.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the good gentleman from Texas (Mr. Gohmert).    Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, Louie, for his comments.   We have 2 minutes remaining by my clock here; is that right, Mr.  Speaker?    Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues from the House Freedom  Caucus. They are always the toughest and most courageous people in  Congress who are willing to do the uncomfortable things. They are  fighting to take action, not just rhetoric, but to take action.   Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Colorado (Mrs. Boebert)  to close us out.    Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   