 Madam Speaker, I request unanimous  consent to call up H.R. 471, the PAUSE Act, to protect all Americans  from Biden's border crisis.    Mr. Speaker, behold the nonpartisan  nature of the January 6th Committee. It puzzles me why it would have  been so different had the allegedly bipartisan commission been  approved.    In fact, in the January 6th Committee's markup on the contempt  resolutions, the grand inquisitor said, in opening: ``I can say  confidently that the many involved in the run-up to January 6, an oath,  a statement of fidelity to our democracy, was nothing more to them than  meaningless words. I fear what happens if those people are again given  the reins of power.'' This sums up the purpose of the January 6  inquisition in a way that is both cogent and terrifying.   What the January 6th Committee lacks in bona fide legislative  purpose, not patina of legislative purpose but bona fide legislative  purpose, it makes up for in pure political vendetta. This investigation  isn't about truth or democracy; it is a pure political power play.   The immediate target is President Trump, but the ultimate target is  those people--namely, the millions of Americans--who voted for  President Trump.   Why is there no dissent from this objective on this committee? Well,  because the only Members nominally representative of the minority,  chosen by the majority Speaker over the objection of the minority,  share the political objectives of the grand inquisitor.   Accordingly, Liz Cheney said during the January 6th Committee markup  of these contempt resolutions: ``Our committee will continue to  litigate to obtain the testimony we need.'' What need? To inform what  legislative purpose does the committee need to obtain the RNC's  contributor data and information, to discover who opened its emails and  clicked through to donation pages?   On the other hand, it could serve her purpose to demonize her  political opponents, especially those who donate to President Trump.    Mr. Speaker, it is common for the  zealot to lose the capacity for irony. Hence, Chairman Thompson says  that laws prohibit doing politics on the clock: ``It is important that  taxpayer dollars don't support political activity.''   Ms. Cheney waves the Constitution even while she poses as the  designee of the minority, imposed on the minority in a historically  unprecedented trampling of the institutional norms. This is a kangaroo  court, a court of the star chamber.   They continue to trample the concepts and the institutional norms of  the Congress, and I am certain that the American people will have an  answer for it very soon.   