 Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1218, the Data Mapping to  Save Moms' Lives Act, which was introduced by Representatives  Butterfield and Bilirakis.   Maternal mortality continues to affect mothers and children across  the United States, particularly in rural areas. The Energy and Commerce  Committee has worked to address this preventable issue, but  unfortunately, challenges remain.   Congress has previously taken steps to understand which communities  are most affected and what we can do to reverse this alarming trend.   Today's legislation will build on existing tools of the Federal  Communications Commission by incorporating publicly available data on  maternal health outcomes into its Mapping Broadband Health in America  tool. The FCC would be required to work with the Centers for Disease  Control and Prevention to determine which maternal health outcomes to  include.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Florida (Mr. Bilirakis), the cosponsor of this  legislation.    Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Balderson).    Madam Speaker, again, I rise in support of H.R. 1218, the  Data Mapping to Save Moms' Lives Act, and I urge all Members to support  this legislation.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2501, the Spectrum  Coordination Act, which was introduced by Representative Bilirakis.   For decades, the United States has led the world in wireless  innovation. That leadership was built on effective spectrum management.  As we look to beat China and usher in the next wave of wireless  technology, we must continue to make more spectrum available, both for  commercial and government uses.   As the demand for more wireless technology grows, spectrum management  decisions, like balancing commercial and government uses, have become  more complex.   For nearly a century, the Federal Communications Commission has  effectively managed commercial spectrum use. As the expert technical  agency on spectrum matters, the FCC must continue to rely on science  and engineering as its guide.   Just as the demand for commercial spectrum continues to grow, so does  demand for government spectrum, specifically for use by Federal  agencies. Access to spectrum is an important ingredient to the missions  of many Federal agencies. The National Telecommunications and  Information Administration, the NTIA, is also responsible for managing  Federal spectrum uses.   The NTIA and the FCC must work together to maintain the United  States' wireless leadership, and it is essential that the NTIA  continues to lead the executive branch's spectrum coordination efforts.   To help formalize these coordination efforts, in 2003 the FCC and the  NTIA signed a memorandum of understanding to coordinate Federal and  non-Federal spectrum matters to ensure our spectrum is put to its  highest and best use. This interagency agreement has not been updated  in nearly 20 years.   Today's legislation requires the FCC and the NTIA to update their MOU  to reflect the new spectrum management landscape so the United States  will retain its wireless leadership for years to come.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Florida (Mr. Bilirakis), the co-lead on this  legislation.    Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the  gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Balderson).    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume  to close.   First, I thank the chairman of our Energy and Commerce Committee for  helping get this bill to the floor. I greatly appreciate his work and  leadership, and also for the members' work on this, and also the  gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Michael F. Doyle), as the chair of the  Communications and Technology Subcommittee.   As we have heard today, the United States has to retain its  leadership in wireless for the years to come, and it really requires  the FCC and the NTIA to work together, especially on this MOU, because  of the new spectrum management that we have to have out there and the  landscape that we have.   Madam Speaker, I urge passage of the legislation, and I yield back  the balance of my time.   