 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Ohio for those  wonderful remarks and her continued leadership here in the House of  Representatives.   Madam Speaker, I rise today to discuss health equity disparities in  America. Today, American minorities do not get the same quality of  healthcare as our White counterparts, and it causes too many of them to  die needlessly every single day. It is a problem that we must solve  immediately.   The numbers tell the story. African Americans are 24 percent more  likely to die in this country than White Americans.   The average life expectancy for a White American male is 75. For  Black American males, it is about 71.   African Americans between 18 and 49 years old are twice as likely to  die from heart disease than our White counterparts.   African Americans between 35 and 64 years old are 50 percent more  likely to have high blood pressure than our counterparts.   One out of every five African-American deaths could have been  prevented if they received the same level of healthcare as White  Americans.   This should not be a surprise to anyone. Research shows that Black  Americans receive less and lower quality care  [[Page H1322]]  than White Americans for a variety of ailments.   One study of 400 U.S. hospitals found that African Americans with  heart disease received cheaper and older treatments than White  Americans, not the newest technology available. They were less likely  to receive coronary bypass operations. If they were lucky enough to  receive surgery, they were discharged earlier regardless of post- surgery health conditions.   More than that, African-American women are less likely to receive a  mastectomy or radiation therapy if they are diagnosed with breast  cancer.   These disturbing facts are just part of the reason we need the Health  Equity and Accountability Act. It would invest in solutions to make  sure that all Americans had access to quality healthcare. It would help  diversify our country's medical workforce to improve the care in  marginalized communities. And it would eliminate the gaps in medical  insurance coverage, particularly for Medicare and Medicaid recipients.   This is not all we must do. I am working diligently to improve the  health disparities in how we treat colorectal cancer and limb  amputations in this country. Colorectal cancer is the second-highest  cause of cancer deaths and the fourth-highest cause of new cancers  nationwide. This year, an estimated 150,000 Americans will be diagnosed  with colorectal cancer. More than 52,000 people will die from it.   It is an even greater problem in minority communities. African  Americans are 20 percent more likely to be diagnosed with colorectal  cancer than White Americans. They are more likely to die from this  deadly disease.   Yet, colorectal cancer is one of the most preventable types of cancer  if detected early. That is why I am taking action to save lives from  this dreaded disease.   In the 116th Congress, my Removing Barriers to Colorectal Cancer  Screening Act was signed into law. It allows Medicare to cover  procedures to remove cancerous growths, or polyps, during routine  colorectal cancer screenings, called colonoscopies.   In addition, I introduced the Colorectal Cancer Payment Fairness Act  to provide this new coverage by the end of 2023.   We must introduce more legislation and take more actions to encourage  more colorectal and other cancer screenings and save lives.   Another area of health disparity is limb amputations, specifically  limb amputations related to peripheral artery disease, or PAD. It is a  disease of the arteries that is related to conditions that cause heart  attacks. It can cause blockages in the arms and legs that could lead to  amputations.   There are more than 200,000 PAD patients who lose limbs to this  disease every single year. It is even worse in minority communities, as  usual.   African Americans are three times more likely to have a limb  amputated than other Americans. These patients are less likely to  receive the proper screenings and treatment for PAD compared to White  patients.   Too few doctors who serve minority communities even know about PAD,  so they miss the warning signs in patients that could have prevented  amputations. But when they understand PAD, doctors can order a vascular  screening and target it specifically.   I cofounded the bipartisan Congressional Colorectal Cancer Caucus and  also the bipartisan Congressional PAD Caucus to create more awareness  of these diseases.   Awareness is key, but we must do more to close the gap in healthcare  coverage and treatment. We must give all Americans access to the best  medical care. It will save thousands of lives every year in America,  and it is simply the right thing to do.   