 Madam Speaker, I confess, I cannot connect my friend from  Arkansas' comments with this motion to instruct, but I won't take any  time to refute these things.   Madam Speaker, manufacturing has long been a core strength of the  American economy. But the decades-long decline of manufacturing jobs in  the United States has cut off pathways to economic security for so many  families across this country.   Passage of the America COMPETES Act will be a landmark investment in  infrastructure, in clean technology, in innovation that will create and  preserve high-quality jobs in communities across America, and advance  U.S. competitiveness and drive long-term economic growth.   Disinvestment in American homemade products has also contributed to  the severe supply chain disruptions during the coronavirus pandemic  that have pushed up prices for so many American consumers. The America  COMPETES Act will bolster supply chains, ramp up domestic manufacturing  of critical components, like semiconductors, and insulate U.S. workers  and families from price volatility and help build their own economic  resilience.   Part of the House-passed version is the National Secure Data Service  Act, which will allow agencies to link together data collected through  surveys, Federal program administration, nongovernmental data sources  to advance evidence-based policymaking. This will be a great boon for  artificial intelligence and machine learning.   Also included in the COMPETES Act, is an amendment I cosponsored with  Representative Trahan to increase investment in fusion energy, the holy  grail for our climate and for world poverty.   The COMPETES Act bottom line gives the U.S. the competitive edge  needed to maintain our global leadership in innovation and research.   Madam Speaker, I am not sure why my Republican friends felt the need  to offer this motion in the first place. Of course, we all understand  that the essential subtext of the COMPETES Act has been to strengthen  our competitive position versus communist China or, to restate my  friend from Arkansas, to put us in the dominant position to compete  against communist China.   Of course, nothing in this landmark initiative in American research,  in American innovation, in American manufacturing, American artificial  intelligence or American chips is intended to be transferred to the  PRC. So if this is meant to show that Republicans are tougher on China  than Democrats, that is silly and untrue.   Together, we will fight China's human rights abuses. We will fight  its cheating on trade. We will fight its autocratic, dictatorial  government. And the COMPETES Act gives us the strength we need to do  that today.   