 Mr. President, today is a great day. Today marks the  50th anniversary of title IX. For half a century, we have witnessed the  impact title IX has had on generations of women in sports. Title IX  provided women the long-denied platform that had always been afforded  men. It ensured female athletes have the same access to funding,  facilities, and athletic scholarships, but it also gave young women the  opportunity to compete, to learn the life lessons of hard work and  perseverance, to go to college on an athletic scholarship, to overcome  obstacles in order to reach their God-given potential.   Since 1972, female participation in sports at the college level has  risen more than 600 percent, and today, 43 percent of high school girls  participate in some competitive sports, compared to 50 years ago--only  3 to 5 percent. What a turnaround.   For all these reasons, decades later, we have proof that title IX has  worked. Sports can transform lives. I have seen it. I began my coaching  career as a high school girls basketball coach just a few years after  title IX was enacted, and now, 50 years later, America's female  athletes are not only the best performing on the world stage in team  and individual sports, but they also are the leaders in our communities  and in our country.   Title IX sent an incredible--an incredible--message to female  athletes across the Nation, which is, you can compete, you can win, and  you will be afforded a fair and level playing field to do so.   I have personally witnessed how title IX protections allowed young  women to gain all the opportunities and life lessons that participating  in sports has to offer. That is why, just 3 months into my time as a  U.S. Senator, I introduced an amendment to prohibit Federal funding to  schools that allow biological males to compete in women's sports. And  I, along with 23 of my colleagues, introduced the Protection of Women  and Girls in Sports Act. This bill would make it a violation of Federal  law for a recipient of Federal funds who operates or sponsors athletic  programs to permit biological males to compete in women's sports  activities. The bill also establishes the long-needed definition of  ``sex'' in title IX to be recognized based solely on a person's  reproductive biology and genetics at birth.   Democrats have turned their backs on these efforts, and by doing so,  they have turned their backs on female athletes all across our country.  Just last month, I sent a letter to U.S. Department of Education  Secretary Miguel Cardona warning the administration to rethink their  rule change.   On this 50th anniversary, we should be asking ourselves how we can  preserve title IX and preserve fairness for all female athletes across  our country, but unfortunately, women's athletics are currently under  attack by the Biden administration. Just this morning, we learned that  the Department of Education will publish a proposed rule to change  title IX to align with the administration's progressive agenda. These  proposed changes would allow biological males to compete in women's  sports. What a tragedy. It would take a wrecking ball to the five  decades of title IX success for women. The Biden administration's  proposed rule flies in the face of the so-called science that Democrats  are quick to pledge their allegiance to by ignoring the scientific  [[Page S3107]]  differences in the biological makeup of male and female athletes.  Apparently, science only matters when it conforms to Democrats'  partisan agenda.    Allowing biological males to compete in women's sports will set  women's rights back 50 years, to a time before title IX. It will  discourage young girls from entering the court, jumping in the pool, or  walking onto the field, knowing that they have to compete with the deck  stacked half against them, and the winner will already be determined.  With the proposed rule change, female athletes can only hope--can only  hope--to finish in second or third place. There is no pregame speech or  halftime talk that you can give a woman or girl who feels like they  aren't competing on a fair playing field.   The Biden administration should do the right thing and rethink their  decision to disenfranchise female athletes of the future.   This fight is far from over. The very least the Senate can do for the  future of female sports is to reinforce the protections already  afforded women in title IX.   Mr. President, that is why I call up S. 251, the Protection of Women  and Girls in Sports Act of 2021. I ask unanimous consent that the  Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions be discharged from  further consideration of S. 251 and the Senate proceed to its immediate  consideration; further, that the bill be considered read a third time  and passed and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and  laid upon the table.    Mr. President, what I would like to say about equal  opportunity is that over the last few years, biological males playing  in women's sports have won 22 championships. The girls--other girls-- were playing for second and third.   I am disappointed that my colleague thinks this is not about equal  rights. I am disappointed that my colleague won't stand up for women  and women's rights. We should all be here fighting for the same thing.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  following interns in my office be granted floor privileges until June  27, 2022: Ana Worthington, Christian Gentile, John Couch, and Jonavin  Smith.   