 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, a few minutes ago, before I opened the  Senate, I had the privilege of walking on the floor with Senator-elect  Peter Welch of Vermont. I am going to speak more about our new Senator,  who will be taking this seat very shortly, within the next few days.   I would note, as we walked on the floor, unlike the first time I  walked on the floor, Senator-elect Welch has a great deal of experience  from his years as being one of the leaders in the House of  Representatives. As Congressman Welch, he has the right, of course, to  come on the floor, but also, as Senator-elect Welch, he has that right.   I told him that, when I first came here, we were actually a 99-Member  Senate because there had been a tied race in my neighboring State of  New Hampshire. I was number 99, the most junior Member of the Senate. I  would have been the youngest Member of the Senate, but there was one  Senator who came in 2 years before who was younger, a Senator from  Delaware named Joseph R. Biden. We were the kids of the Senate.   Frank Church was a distinguished Senator, and I had been meeting with  him. A vote was starting, and he said: I have got to go to the floor,  but come with me.   When I got to the door out there, I was still the State's attorney of  Chittenden County, VT, and county prosecutor. So, naturally, I stopped  at the door.   He said, ``No, no, Senators-elect have the privilege of the floor,''  which, even if he had not been a Congressman, Senator-elect Welch   would have had.   I started forward, and the doorman said: I am sorry. The Senate is in  session.   Senator Church said: Well, this is Senator Leahy--Senator-elect  Leahy.   It was the first time anybody had called me ``Senator.''   Then I saw him go down his list. ``Oh, ah, good morning, Senator  Leahy.'' So I am, like, maybe this is going to work out.   I walked on the floor, and I saw all of these giants of the Senate in  here for a vote. It took me a little while to get used to it. I think,  with Congressman Welch, on January 3, when I will be privileged to see  him be sworn in as a new Senator, he won't take any time to get used to  it. He knows the decorum of both bodies. Like the vast majority of  Vermonters, I am very proud to have him here.   Also, in realizing the distinguished Presiding Officer is not allowed  to respond to comments about himself, I would note for the record that  there were cheers in our very small State of Vermont when our country's  largest State reelected the now Presiding Officer. We are pleased--both  my wife, Marcelle, and I--to see that.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   