 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding.   I rise today in strong support of this omnibus appropriations  package. As the ranking member of the Defense Appropriations  Subcommittee, I will outline why America's position in the world  depends on the passage of this bipartisan bill.   But first I want to thank Chair DeLauro for her hard work and Ranking  Member Granger for putting this together. I thank my partner and  friend, Chair Betty McCollum, for the hard work that she has put into  this bill to make it a reality, and certainly the staff on both sides  who have been working day and night to put this together and certainly  my clerk, Johnny Kaberlie, who has done a yeoman's job of getting this  done.   Over the past several weeks, we have witnessed Russia invade a  sovereign nation, indiscriminately killing civilians to the horror of  the world. As a matter of fact, just a few hours ago a maternity ward  was bombed by Russia, killing new mothers and babies just a few hours  ago. And while this happens, President Xi, Kim Jong Un, and other  autocrats are watching closely to see how the United States will  respond.   I firmly believe that today we are closer to a large-scale conflict  with a near-peer adversary than we have been in recent memory. We must  get this bill to the President's desk as soon as possible to respond to  these acts of aggression. Weakness is provocative, and a year-long  continuing resolution would undoubtedly demonstrate weakness on a  global stage.   Included in the defense portion of this bill are many priorities for  Members of both parties that will strengthen our military. These  include 13 new Navy ships, increased investment in next-generation  capability, like hypersonics, full funding for our nuclear  modernization, and investments in our servicemembers and their  families.   And as ranking member, I fought hard to make sure this bill gets the  DOD what it needs. We began hearings for the fiscal year 2022 saying  that the Mattis national defense strategy is the correct strategy, that  we need a 3 to 5  [[Page H1411]]  percent net real growth above inflation for fiscal years 2022 to 2025.  Although nobody anticipated inflation at the levels we have seen, I am  proud to say the Republicans secured a 6 percent funding increase over  last year's funding level.   I am also proud to say that we worked closely with the Armed Services  and Intelligence Committees to make sure all the priorities across  national security were addressed.   Thanks to the bipartisan commitment of Chairwoman Betty McCollum,  House Republicans were able to secure over 2,000 Member funding  priorities on our side of the aisle like additional Strykers, C-130Js,  F-35 modernization, and critical programs. I thank Chair McCollum for  her staff and her hard work on this package.   Failing to pass this piece of legislation will only further extend  the devastating effects of our military readiness, modernization, and  lethality that we have witnessed over the last 6 months.    Mr. Speaker, as the world watches, we must send the  message that this Congress stands ready to strengthen its military, to  stand by its allies, and continue to make the world a safer and more  prosperous place.   