 Madam Speaker, I thank Congresswoman Spanberger,  along with the gentleman from Pennsylvania, for organizing this Special  Order hour on the importance of rural health outcomes and the programs  that support them.   Together, our bipartisan group rises today to speak in support of the  340B drug discount pricing program. The 340B program enables community  health centers to purchase outpatient drugs at reduced prices, allowing  them to ensure that low-income patients have access to affordable  prescription drugs, along with rural hospitals.   The dollars this program saves must also be reinvested directly into  the health centers themselves, creating an influx of much-needed  funding that our rural-serving institutions so often lack--way too  often lack.   There are eight different 340B hospitals in Arizona's First  Congressional District, more than any other district in our State. In  2018, studies found that 340B program hospitals accounted for 84  percent of all hospital care provided to Medicaid patients in Arizona.   From Casa Grande all the way up to Page, these hospitals need our  help now. That is because, currently, several drug manufacturers are  unlawfully withholding or limiting discounts from 340B-covered  entities--I personally do not understand this at all--including safety- net hospitals and community health centers.   Anybody that lives in rural Arizona knows the critical need for  hospitals and community healthcare centers and that they are suffering.   Today, I am standing with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to  support this program and in support of the PROTECT 340B Act. Our  legislation would prohibit pharmaceutical entities from discriminatory  practices against 340B healthcare centers and hospitals.   Last year, we sent a letter demanding HHS take immediate action  against manufacturers that refuse to comply with their obligation--I  repeat, ``their obligation''--to provide CHCs and rural hospital  providers with discounted drugs and require manufacturers to refund the  providers for months of unlawful overcharges. Today, we are speaking in  support of these asks yet again.   In my district, the families that receive care at Banner Casa Grande  Medical Center, Cobre Valley Medical Center, Flagstaff Medical Center,  Little Colorado Medical Center, Mt. Graham Regional Medical Center,  Page Hospital, Summit Healthcare Regional Medical Hospital, and White  Mountain Regional Hospital are counting on us to get this done.   CMS should understand that this is required to get done. I am  confident we can if we work together.   