 Mr. Speaker, my hometown of Dickinson, North Dakota,  is in the southern part of the Bakken oil patch. It is where we  unleashed this revolutionary technology of shale hydraulic fracturing,  horizontal drilling, and producing natural gas. But you know what else?  Eighteen miles away from my childhood hometown is an ethanol plant.  Seven miles to the west is a biodiesel plant. Thirteen miles south,  fourteen miles south is the largest wind farm in North Dakota  generation of Brady I and Brady II. About 80 miles to the northeast we  are figuring out how to strip rare earth metals out of lignite coal so  we can be less dependent on Russia and China in all of those issues.   The people who work and live in my communities grow all the cereal  grains, and the by-products from the ethanol plant are fed as feedstock  to our cattle industry, so I don't need lectures from anyone on all-of- the-above energy, particularly when the left's version of all-of-the- above energy is solely wind, solar, rainbows, unicorns.   Here is the dirty little secret: The world is going to burn more  carbon in 2 years whether we shut down domestic production or not, and  this naive and idealistic viewpoint that if we shut down American  industry, American ingenuity, then the rest of the world will follow  along is fundamental differential to the fact we are watching it play  out in real time.   Our strategic adversaries and, indeed, our enemies will fill this  space--that is the fact--because the world needs these products, and  they are going to continue to utilize these products. But at least  welcome this: We are going to do nothing to reduce global carbon  emissions because the atmosphere doesn't recognize countries' borders.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to defeat the previous question,  allow this to go back, and let us do what we were doing so well until  the last year, developing American energy, allowing it to be utilized,  rather than energy from our adversaries.   I can tell you one last thing, and then I will close. In the last  year, we haven't had a Federal lease sale in North Dakota.  Congressional Democrats have tried to ban the transport of liquefied  natural gas by rail, and so let's be honest about how we got here so we  can get there in the future.    