 Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.  [[Page H8467]]     Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my  legislation, H.R. 2250, the VA Information Technology Reform Act of  2022.   When I began serving on the Veterans' Affairs Committee, I was  horrified to discover that Congress is shoveling roughly $9 billion a  year into VA  [[Page H8469]]  information technology, with disappointing results and very little  useful information about how it is even being spent.   The VA's annual IT operations budget is nearly $5.8 billion. The  disastrous Electronic Health Record Modernization Program received $2.6  billion last year alone, and several hundred million more dollars go to  other IT programs annually.   To be sure, every year VA produces hundreds of pages of budget  documents about IT. But when I examined them, I found very little  relevance to what is actually happening and zero accountability. That  is why I introduced H.R. 2250, the VA IT Reform Act. It would require  VA to report on major IT projects, costs estimates, schedules, and  performance goals before they begin and before any money is spent on  them. If the project is approved, that information would then become  baseline that progress is measured against annually.   If we had already been getting all this information, several of the  VA big-ticket IT projects would have been canceled, and some would  never have been started at all. Instead, we are working to contain the  damage from the EHR, while still piecing together how it even began.   At the same time, VA is now on its second attempt to modernize its  supply chain and its third attempt to replace its financial systems.   My legislation would also reform how VA budgets for IT. It would  require the Department to rank each requested project in terms of  costs, risks, and benefits, and present each office's IT needs in plain  language, not the indecipherable categories that now exist.   Finally, my bill would make the VA Chief Information Officer  responsible for the Financial Services Centers IT's activities and make  troves of information from the Office of Management and Budget about  the VA IT programs available to Congress.   Once Congress has all of this information, it is our responsibility  to oversee the spending decisions VA is making. Every IT project has to  improve the services and benefits our veterans receive or it should not  receive a single dollar more of taxpayer money.   I thank Mr. Mrvan and Mr. Banks for working with me on this bill, and  I urge all of my colleagues to support it.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.    Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.  [[Page H8480]]     Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   