 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, the Wildfire Recovery Act ensures that communities  affected by wildfire disasters are treated similarly as communities  affected by other disasters.   The bill provides parity by making a Federal cost share amount  adjustable for Fire Management Assistance Grants, ensuring it is  consistent with other FEMA assistance programs at 75 percent.   H.R. 1066 also clarifies the ability for Fire Management Assistance  Grants to help communities recover after wildfire disasters and rebuild  their infrastructure.   I thank my colleagues, including Mr. LaMalfa of California, who is a  cosponsor, for their leadership on this legislation. I urge support of  this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time.   In closing, I urge support of this legislation, thank our colleagues  for cosponsoring, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, S. 2293, the CREW Act, extends protections under the  Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act, commonly  referred to as USERRA, to FEMA reservists.   FEMA reservists are a critical component to supporting disaster  survivors and our first responders.   The CREW Act would provide FEMA further tools to retain and recruit a  workforce. By having a strong workforce, FEMA is then able to respond  quickly and effectively to disasters, thereby fulfilling its mission to  disaster victims.   I urge support of this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my  time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume  to close.   Mr. Speaker, S. 2293 will help support FEMA's intermittent workforce  and enable the agency to better meet its mission to respond to  disasters.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this legislation and yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   S. 4205, the Planning for Animal Wellness, or PAW Act, establishes a  FEMA working group to determine Federal guidance on animal care during  emergencies and natural disasters.   We have seen citizens impacted by disasters reluctant to evacuate if  they can't bring their pets with them. This can greatly affect the  ability of emergency managers and local first responders to keep  individuals safe.   Whether it is service animals, household pets, or farm animals, we  have made improvements to address this issue; however, problems still  persist.   Given this fact, the bill establishes a working group to review  FEMA's policies, determine best practices, and make recommendations to  help better prepare and respond to disasters.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this legislation and reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume  to close.   Mr. Speaker, the PAW Act will help identify persistent problem areas  and best practices when it comes to dealing with pets and animals in  disasters and ultimately improve our response to disasters to save more  lives.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this legislation and yield back the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, S. 442, the BRIGHT Act, ensures the General Services  Administration, GSA, updates building lighting systems with the most  life cycle cost-effective and energy-efficient options, so long as the  change does not interfere with productivity and is a cost-effective  retrofit.   It also requires GSA to issue guidance to other Federal agencies on  deploying these lighting systems and make the information available to  State, local, and Tribal government entities.   Updating outdated lighting systems with the most cost-effective and  energy-efficient options will lessen the Federal Government's energy  bill, saving taxpayers money. Efficient lighting systems tend to be  lower-cost solutions with higher return on investment. This is  commonsense legislation that ensures that lighting updates are made  only if a retrofit is cost-effective.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of the legislation, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I yield myself  such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, the BRIGHT Act will implement only cost- effective retrofits that will save taxpayers money and lower the  Federal Government's energy bill.   Mr. Speaker, I urge support of this legislation, and I yield back the  balance of my time   