 Madam President, as Mr. Schumer said, I rise today to  honor the life and mourn the passing of Vincent ``Vin'' Scully, who  will be remembered as the greatest broadcaster in sports history, and a  true ambassador for Los Angeles, the Dodgers, and the game of baseball.   Born in 1927 in the Bronx, he grew up near the Polo Grounds and  actually became a big fan of the New York Giants baseball team as a  child--and I never held that against him.   He served our Nation as a member of the U.S. Navy for 2 years before  attending Fordham University. And at Fordham--listen to this--at  Fordham, he managed to play on the baseball team, work on the school  paper, and broadcast many of the university's football, baseball, and  basketball teams.   His career as a broadcaster took off soon after he graduated from  college. By 1950, he joined the Brooklyn Dodgers broadcast team. And in  1954, he became the team's principal announcer--a position he would  hold until his retirement in 2016. He was the longest tenured announcer  for any team in any professional sport.   In 1953, at only age 25, Vin became the youngest person to ever  broadcast a World Series--a record that remains to this day.   When the Dodgers moved from New York to Los Angeles in 1958, Vin  moved with the team, and he quickly became the voice of baseball in  Southern California.   Vin was the voice of the Dodgers for 67 years, but his unparalleled  storytelling and love of sports allowed him to transcend baseball. Many  fans will recall Vin's unique calls on some of the most memorable  football games and golf tournaments of the 20th century.   He was also a presence in pop culture, appearing in dozens of movies,  TV shows, and documentaries. Vin lent his talents to everything ranging  from the sketch comedy series ``Laugh-In'' to the iconic science  fiction show ``The X-Files,'' to the classic baseball movie--and one of  my favorites--``For the Love of the Game''; and he relished serving as  grand marshal of the 125th Rose Parade ahead of the 2014 Rose Bowl.   In 2016, President Obama awarded Vin Scully the Presidential Medal of  Freedom, recognizing Vin as one of the signature sounds of America's  pastime. Ever humble, when Vin was informed that he would be receiving  the honor, he asked: ``Are you sure?''   From Opening Day to the World Series, and every inning in between,  Vin made every game memorable with his love of baseball, and for  generations of fans--generations--hearing Vin Scully's soothing voice  meant it was time for Dodgers baseball.   Now, I grew up in the San Fernando Valley. As a child, growing up in  the 1980s, I spent many evenings dreaming of growing up to play  professional baseball while listening to Vin's voice narrate the  action.   While he became a legend for his talents behind the microphone, he  will actually be remembered best for his decency beyond the broadcast  booth. I remember a few years ago, when I was  [[Page S4204]]  serving as California's secretary of state, I had an opportunity to  introduce Angela and two of our sons to Vin at a voter registration  event before the game at Dodgers Stadium. He was just so incredibly  gracious with my family; it is a memory that we will cherish.   But I also know that we weren't unique in that interaction with Vin.  He always made time for fans--regardless of age, regardless of  occupation--wherever and whenever he met them. You see, he wasn't just  a sports broadcaster; he was a figure larger than life, and he made all  of us feel like family.   Angela and I certainly join the Los Angeles community, the Dodgers  organization, and baseball fans around the world in mourning the  passing of Vin Scully. Our hearts go out to the entire Scully family.   I yield the floor.   