 Mr. Speaker, I rise today alongside my good friend,  Congressman Burgess Owens, from the great State of Utah in celebration  of Black History Month.   I, like Mr. Owens, stand on the shoulders of Black Americans who came  before us despite hurdles and glass ceilings, but still rose to the  Halls of Congress, or to the highest echelon of our American history.   You see, there are so many pioneers who came before us, some of us  who are still contemporary pioneers, Mr. Speaker. People like Majority  Whip Clyburn of South Carolina, Senator Tim Scott, the late  Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm, Justice Clarence Thomas and Justice  Thurgood Marshall, Frederick Douglass, Madam C.J. Walker, Booker T.  Washington, Rosa Parks, Martin Luther King, Jr., Dr. Ben Carson. I  could go on and on.   You see, I stand here today as the first Black person elected as a  Representative of Florida's 19th Congressional District. I am the  third-ever Black Republican ever elected in the great State of Florida.   During Black History Month, we pay homage to all of those who came  before us and those who continue to empower the lives throughout the  Black community in America. You see, Black history is American history,  and even though today we might have a lot of issues about the plight of  Black people in our great country, it is without question that the  advances, many of which have come in America, have been through the  hands, the intellect, the ingenuity, the innovation of Black Americans  who have contributed to the great fabric of our country.   It really makes the contributions of Black Americans more than just  for the Black community. It makes it for all of America. It is what  helps the red, white, and blue that we all revere, actually be  meaningful because of all of the different stains and pains, blood that  was shed throughout the pathway of Black Americans to still be able to  add and to still be counted for great contributions to our Nation.   In 2022, Mr. Owens and I stand here today as free men, both reaching  the American Dream and dedicated to ensuring that future generations of  Black Americans can achieve the same success that we have, and to add  to that, to achieve even more success that we could even dream was  possible even in 2022.   Regardless of what anybody says, America is not a racist Nation. I  mean, look around. While we may have so many differences, and we might  not always agree on a lot of things when it comes to politics or  economics, obviously, sports, religion, et cetera, we all stand here  together, all colors, all creeds, and all convictions here in the  people's House, proving that we are a nation that has achieved life,  liberty, and the pursuit of happiness for all people in this great  Nation.   The last comment I will make, Mr. Speaker, is that, obviously, the  month of February is when we celebrate Black History Month, but we are  at a time in America where Black history in our schools should not just  be confined to the month of February. We are at a time in the United  States where all of the contributions of Black Americans and all of the  pain that has been felt by Black Americans should be taught and  conveyed throughout all of our halls of academia, whether you are  talking about middle schools, high schools, or even higher education.   This month is exceptionally special to me because I do understand  that the sacrifices that my mother and my family made for me throughout  the years and all of the things that they believed that I could  possibly achieve have culminated in me standing here on this floor even  making these comments about the rich history of Black Americans to the  United States.   So it is with great humility, and it is with great appreciation for  all of those who have come before me and, Mr. Speaker, to all the Black  Americans who served with me today, that I just want to wish everybody  a wonderful Black History Month, and also for everybody to reflect on  how much we have gained here as a people in these United States.    