 Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the  Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, which will modernize  America's job training program at precisely the time that we need it  the most.   Today in America, for every one unemployed person, there are two job  openings. Again, I don't care what sector you are talking about,  whether it is manufacturing, whether it is healthcare, whether it is  information technology, whether you are from a red State or a blue  State, the hue and cry from employers who are desperate to find workers  is one of the most powerful challenges that we face in this economy. It  is a good challenge. It is about connecting people to opportunities and  to jobs or careers, which this bill is precisely designed to do.   Again, if you want to talk about the problems that we are having with  inflation and gas prices, well, listen to the oil and gas industry.  They are 100,000 workers short today, so they cannot increase supply  because they don't have the workforce to do the drilling that is  necessary.   In my district, where I have Electric Boat's shipyard, which has used  the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act in the past, there are 725  job openings this morning in the metal trades, in design and  engineering work. The existing Workforce Innovation and Opportunity  Act, which, again, uses the collaboration of employers and unions to  design a curriculum that matches the work that happens in that  shipyard, in the metal trades and other areas, has been extremely  successful. They graduated their 2,000th graduate, who immediately was  employed and is working in that shipyard. Again, that is going to be a  career for that individual to support themselves and their family.    The challenge we have before us is we need to size up that  preapprenticeship critical link that this program addresses by passing  this legislation.    If you read the bill, it doubles the number of slots  that workforce boards like mine in eastern Connecticut, and the 500  workforce boards that exist around the country will again then be able  to address that critical need that exists right now today. It does it  in a way that has been on the books since the Clinton administration  passed the Workforce Investment Act back in the 1990s.   Again, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle were part of the  bill signing with President Obama in 2014 when we authorized it the  last time. This bill is very much aligned with the structure, but it  enlarges it, and it reaches out to underserved populations and other  individuals who can take advantage of and succeed with the tools that  this bill will provide.   Again, now is the time. We need to vote on this measure today. We  need to get it through the Senate, and our economy will benefit. Our  Nation will benefit. Vote in favor of the Workforce Innovation and  Opportunity Act.   