 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Ohio for yielding.   The gentlewoman from Texas asked: Do we want guns in the hand of  dangerous people? The answer to that question is, of course not. But  the question, the only question that matters, is, who constitutes a  dangerous person? Who gets to decide, and why? That is the important  part here. That is what we are talking about when we talk about due  process.   We have laws on the books in, I believe, every State in the Union,  so-called Baker Act provisions to civilly commit persons who are a  danger to themselves and others.   We have such a law in Texas, but we didn't use it. We didn't use it  against a young man who wasn't in school, was harming defenseless  animals, was talking about raping women, was clearly not well. We  didn't use it.   There are more people killed in the United States by hands and knives  than rifles. I don't want a crazy guy in my school with or without the  ability to have a weapon.   We should actually be serious about committing people who have mental  health problems. That would actually solve the problem.   Everything we are doing here today is a pretext. It is a pretext for  targeting, confiscating, and eliminating our ability to have weapons.   When people say things, it is a good idea to believe them.   President Biden: `` . . . whether it is a 9-millimeter pistol or  whether it is a rifle is ridiculous. I am continuing to push to  eliminate the sale of those things.''   Representative Mondaire Jones: ``If the filibuster obstructs us, we  will abolish it. If the Supreme Court objects, we will expand it. . . .  We will do whatever it takes.''   Representative Ocasio-Cortez: Ban semiautomatics.   House Democrats just yesterday tweeted: ``Semiautomatic rifles are  weapons of war.''   Future Justice Ketanji Brown Jackson was applauding the New Zealand  Prime Minister's commencement speech about New Zealand's banning  semiautomatic rifles.   Representative Beto O'Rourke: ``Hell, yes, we are going to take your  AR-15.''   Even Representative Sheila Jackson Lee, the gentlewoman from Texas:  ``I have held an AR-15 in my hand. I wish I hadn't.'' She talks about a  .50-caliber bullet, which isn't even true.   This is a pretext, and we should oppose this.   