 Mr. President, just 14 months ago, our Nation stood on  the brink of a constitutional crisis as the former President and his  followers attempted to disrupt the peaceful transfer of power and  overturn the results of a free and fair election.   Instead of accepting the will of the voters in upholding the  foundations of our constitutional Republic, President Trump and his  followers engaged in a campaign of blatant disinformation and political  interference. They attempted to coerce State and local election  officials to make false claims of widespread fraud and then use those  claims to not certify election results and reject the will of the  people--all to ensure that the former President could stay in power at  any cost.   My home State of Michigan was at the very center of this battle in  2020 when our State Board of Canvassers met to certify the undeniable  fact that Joe Biden and Kamala Harris had won the State of Michigan and  its 16 electoral votes, but we came dangerously close to the kind of  anti-democratic and authoritarian behavior that the United States has  long decried in other nations.   It basically came down to one vote--just one vote--from one  Republican member of the Board of Canvassers--one canvasser who dared  to withstand the intense political pressure for him to ignore the will  of the people and to not certify those election results, one canvasser  who chose to ignore blatant lies and disinformation. His one vote was  all that stood between a secure, free, and fair election and a  constitutional crisis. This one Republican board member knew his  decision to follow the law would cost him the position on that board.  He knew that his physical safety would be threatened, and it was. Yet  he stood his ground. He fulfilled his constitutional duty and followed  the will of the people of the State of Michigan by voting to certify  those results.   So what was his reward for his courageous vote? Well, the Republicans  removed him from the board, sending a very clear message and a threat  to all of those who will follow him.   Despite failing to coerce enough officials to ignore the law and  falsify election results and despite losing one bogus challenge after  another in the Federal courts, we all know that the former President  didn't stop his efforts there--no. Instead, he rallied his supporters  and incited them to attack the U.S. Capitol Building--the very citadel  of our democracy--to disrupt Congress as we conducted the ceremonial  certification of the results. But thanks to the brave actions of law  enforcement officers, the National Guard, and so many others, our  democracy withstood these unprecedented attacks on our constitutional  Republic.   This attack shook the very foundation of our democracy. It exposed  cracks that show that it is more fragile than we ever thought was  possible.   Despite all of this, I believe that we need to celebrate the fact  that the 2020 Presidential election was secure, according to the  Department of Homeland Security and the FBI. We should celebrate that  we had record turnout even in a once-in-a-lifetime pandemic. We should  commend the election workers who made this incredible feat possible.  Instead, too many people, including too many of my Republican  colleagues, have continued to sow doubt in the integrity of our  election process, and these actions threaten the very bedrock of our  democracy.   Instead of condemning falsehoods and violence, there is a concerted  effort underway in Michigan and all across our country to rewrite  history, remove election officials, and rewrite State laws to limit  voter participation.   One of the bills that were introduced in the Michigan Legislature  would lock up--would lock up--absentee drop boxes before election day.  One Republican city clerk called this idea crazy and said it makes no  sense whatsoever. I agree. Another bill would restrict the ability of  State election officials to send out absentee ballot applications to  voters. In fact, Michigan Republicans filed 39 bills in the State  legislature to restrict voting rights.   Nothing less than the very future of our democracy is at stake, and  we must act or risk losing what so many Americans have fought for and  have died for for nearly 250 years. The right to vote, the right to  self-governance, the right of the American people to choose and fire  public officials is our Nation's fundamental freedom. We can protect  that right and ensure every American has equal access to the ballot  box, and we can do it by simply passing two bills that are before us.   The Freedom to Vote Act will protect the rights of voters by  facilitating registration, early voting, and vote-by-mail. It will set  a standard to ensure that every citizen in every State has guaranteed  rights. The John Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act takes additional  steps to address the practices that have historically been used to  discriminate against voters simply based on their race.   Despite some of the Republican arguments that I have already heard  today, the Constitution is very clear. We have heard that from article  I of the Constitution, and many times, Congress has continued to  strengthen the voting rights of individuals.   The 15th Amendment clearly states that the right of citizens cannot  be abridged by a State and clearly states that ``Congress shall have  the power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation.'' That is  just what Congress has done in passing the Voting Rights Act of 1965,  the Help America Vote Act, and the National Voter Registration Act.  Congress has done this in the past. We need to do it again.   The American people overwhelmingly support these commonsense  measures, and they deserve to know where we stand. For that reason,  after every Senator has had a chance to speak, the debate must come to  an end, and we must have an up-or-down vote on these bills.   I believe history will not be kind to the colleagues of mine who  stand in the way of democracy.   Make no mistake about it, we are at a pivotal moment in our Nation's  history. Our democratic Republic and our most treasured values are in  danger. If we fail to act, we may lose it.   I proudly stand on the side of democracy, and I urge my colleagues to  stand with me in passing the Freedom to Vote Act and the John Lewis  Voting Rights Advancement Act.  [[Page S286]]    I yield the floor.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from Texas.   