 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Ohio  (Mr. Jordan) for his leadership and for his kind words. I thank the  chairman of the Judiciary Committee for sponsoring this extraordinarily  important piece of legislation.   Mr. Speaker, everyone remembers where they were and what they were  doing--I was in Washington here chairing a Veterans' Affairs Committee  hearing--when a group of radical jihadists hijacked four airliners to  perpetrate the worst act of terrorism in American history.   Today, 21 years later, we remember the horror and pain suffered by  those who were murdered and the anguish felt by their families and  friends both then and now.   On the morning of 9/11, I got a mere glimpse into the sense of horror  suffered by the victims' families when I couldn't reach my own brother,  Tom, an American Airlines 757 captain who often piloted Flight 11 from  Logan to L.A., the flight that crashed into the north tower. After  several hours, when I finally made contact, he was okay, but he was  friends with the crew of Flight 11, all who were killed that day.   I ask my colleagues to strongly support H.R. 8987, the Fairness for  9/11 Families Act. This legislation addresses a significant shortcoming  in programs made available to the widows and children of 9/11.   As I think Members know, in 2015, Congress created the United States  Victims of State Sponsored Terrorism Fund to provide compensation to  Americans injured in acts of international state-sponsored terrorism.  Despite the obvious connection to the 9/11 surviving family members,  however, a misinterpretation of the law by the fund's special master  unjustly barred spouses and children of 9/11 from participating in the  fund.   In 2021, at the behest of Congress, the GAO conducted an  investigation and found that 5,364 victims, spouses, and dependents  were excluded from the fair restitution due to a technicality in the  administration of the Victims of State Sponsored Terrorism Fund.   H.R. 8987 provides immediate relief, with a lump-sum catch-up payment  to the victims' immediate families.   For two decades, Mr. Speaker, I have worked with the Jersey Girls to  achieve justice--that is what they call themselves--wonderful,  wonderful widows who have tried to achieve justice for those who  committed these horrific crimes and for those who suffered and were  left behind.   Because of them, we got the 9/11 Commission. I was the chief  Republican sponsor of that bill, but that wasn't because of what we did  here as much as it was because of the work  [[Page H8353]]  that they did in walking the halls and trying to get people to support  a 9/11 fund.   I point out to my colleagues that Tom Kean, our former Governor,  headed that up, along with Lee Hamilton, the distinguished former  chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee. What they produced after  their hearings became the blueprint to protect America.   As they noted in their opening statement--and I chaired two hearings  about implementing the report--what they said was, We are safer but not  safe, and they prescribed both administrative and legislative actions  that should be undertaken to protect America.   I would note that Kathie Wisniewski, who works on my staff, and lost  her husband, Alan, is with us today, Kristen Breitweiser; Mindy  Kleinberg; Lorie Van Auken; Kathy Maher and her sons, Joseph and  Daniel; and the next generation of 9/11 family advocates, including  Angela Mistrulli and Brett Eagleson, who lost his parents on 9/11, were  the driving force in achieving this win today, which, again, is a  modicum of justice for their egregious loss.   Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. Malliotakis, our colleague from Staten  Island, for her work on this and her bill, as well as the chairman's  bill, which has a pay-for. I think this is an important, important  piece of legislation. I hope every Member of the body will support it.   