 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, when the Senate considers complex and  profound issues of public policy, I am particularly reminded of the  wisdom of our late friend, Mr. Mike Enzi, the Senator from Wyoming. Not  long after I came to the Senate, I noticed how productive that Senator  Enzi, one of the most conservative Members of the Senate, was working  on the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions committee with Teddy  Kennedy, the ``liberal lion of the Senate.'' You had one of the most  conservative Members of the Senate working with one of the most liberal  Members of the Senate. But, amazingly, to me, they seemed to get a lot  done.   So I asked Senator Enzi, I said: How is it that you, a staunch  conservative, could work so productively with somebody with such  different views? Senator Enzi told me: It is easy. I call it the 80-20  rule.   Well, the fact of life is we are not going to agree with everybody  100 percent of the time. And I sometimes say I don't agree with my wife  100 percent of the time, but she is always right.   But, seriously, if we are going to get things done here in the U.S.  Senate for the benefit of the American people, we have to understand  nobody is going to get everything they want. And I think for purposes  of simplicity, an illustration of Senator Enzi's comments about the 80- 20 rule are very helpful.   I have tried to employ that strategy many times since those days, and  I hope we can apply that wisdom and strategy again dealing with this  recent string of shootings, including Uvalde, TX.   Now this debate evokes strong emotions and strong opinions from  people across the political spectrum, and it is an understatement to  say that there are serious differences of opinion.   I start with the premise that I took an oath to uphold and defend the  Constitution of the United States, and I  [[Page S2860]]  have no intention of violating that oath. That is where I start. Part  of the Constitution is the amendments, including the first 10 which are  the Bill of Rights that includes the Second Amendment, which provides a  constitutional right to keep and bear arms for law-abiding Americans. I  have no intention of violating my oath, and I have no intention of  undermining the rights of law-abiding gun owners in America because it  is a constitutional right.   It is no secret that when it comes to the culture in America, there  are very different views ranging from, let's say, Connecticut, where  Senator Murphy comes from, to places like Texas, where guns are  commonplace but people know how to use them and they use them  responsibly and they are not a threat to public safety.   There are those who would like to restrict the rights of law-abiding  gun owners because that is their view--they strongly hold that view,  but I have been clear that is a nonstarter for me.   But to Senator Enzi's wise advice, rather than focus on the 20  percent we can't agree on, I have been trying to explore common ground  with our colleagues on a bipartisan basis. These were devastating  tragedies. We all agree with that. We all agree that no child should  ever fear for his or her safety while sitting in a classroom.   I think we even all agree that there is a mental health epidemic in  America today, and that is a piece of the puzzle. To me the shootings  are a symptom of a larger problem, which is the failure of our mental  health system in America, and it manifests itself in many different  ways. Now, people suffering from mental health challenges, by and  large, they are not violent, but a subset of them threaten their own  lives with suicide. Some of them, even a subset of others, not only  commit suicide by attacking a known armed police contingent, but they  also engage in homicides, too, which is what happened with Salvador  Ramos in Uvalde, TX.    I think there is a consensus in America that criminals and people  experiencing severe mental health crises should not have access to  guns. It is not just my opinion; it is actually the law. That is what  the National Instant Criminal Background Check System is supposed to  vet for--to make sure that people who have criminal records, people who  have been institutionalized for mental health problems, people who are  dishonorably discharged, people who are under a protective order,  people who have committed felonies, people who have committed domestic  violence, those are all people who now, if you went to buy a firearm  and underwent a national instant criminal background check, you would  not be able to legally purchase or possess a firearm because that is  the law of the land and has been a long time.   With that in mind, Senator Murphy from Connecticut, Senator Tillis  from North Carolina, Senator Sinema from Arizona, and I have been  looking at these various factors and tried to come up with a targeted  bill that might have prevented some of these tragedies. To me, that is  the best way to look at this, is to say: If this had been in place, is  it less likely that this tragedy would have occurred? Stated another  way, If we do this, is there a chance or a probability that we could  save lives in the future? To me, that should be our focus.   Instead of wasting time talking about what we don't agree on, I think  it is productive for us to focus on this subset of issues where I  believe there is room for a consensus because, of course, that is the  only way to make progress and to get a result.   When the Constitution was written, it created three branches of  government; but in particular, the legislative and the executive  branch, with two branches of the Congress. They are very different in  their nature. They made it difficult to pass legislation. It is hard.  We do it, but it is hard. And it is hard because it takes consensus,  and consensus sometimes takes time, particularly on issues that evoke  such strong views and opinions and reflect, frankly, the diversity of  this country.   I am glad to say, on this topic, we are making steady progress. It is  early in the process, but I am optimistic where things stand right now.  What am I optimistic about? I am optimistic that we could pass a bill  in the Senate, it can pass the House, and it will get a signature by  President Biden. It will become law of the land.   What is the test of that legislation? It is, to me, not whether it  meets your ideological standard of what the bill should look like, but  it is simply this: Will it save lives? If it will, it is worth all of  our best efforts.   As I said, there is broad agreement about the mental health  challenges, not only in our schools, but in our society at large and  how that manifests itself. Sixty percent of the gun deaths in America  are suicides. Don't we want to try to prevent those suicides? I think  so. That is why the mental health issue is so important, among other  reasons. And then, obviously, the school safety issues. We need to try  to figure out ways to make our schools harder to get into for people  like Salvador Ramos.   Unfortunately, the mental health challenges of young, disaffected,  and alienated boys is a profile that is all too familiar. It is  reflected in the shooter in Uvalde. It is reflected in the shooter in  Sandy Hook, Adam Lanza. They came from much different places in terms  of their socioeconomics, but in terms of their alienation and their  developing mental illness and their willingness to not only take their  own life but other people's lives, unfortunately, it paints an eerily  similar picture.   The shooter in Uvalde was isolated and bullied at school. He had a  record of cutting his face--self-mutilation--and abusing and torturing  animals, and he was known for fighting and threatening his fellow  students with everything from assault to rape. He was a ticking time  bomb, and many people--not all the people but many people in this small  community of 15,000 people knew it. Certainly, his mother knew it.  Unfortunately, his mother was a drug user, and he was living with his  grandmother. But this is a young man who shot his own grandmother  because she wanted him to go back to school because, of course, he had  been out of the classroom because of COVID-19 restrictions. Frankly,  that isolation just made his mental illness that much worse.   As I said, the shooter at Sandy Hook, Adam Lanza, experienced what  was later described as ``severe and deteriorating'' mental health  problems that went untreated, not because his parents didn't try--they  did--but when he was prescribed medication to help him manage his  mental illness, he refused to take it, and his mom finally gave up,  exhausted, as you can imagine. It was a period of 3 years that he  didn't see any mental health provider at all, sitting in his room,  playing video games, killing people online virtually, becoming  increasingly desensitized, and spiraling down that psychiatric,  psychological, and emotional drain.   We need to equip all of our young people in America with the  resources and the assistance they need in order to manage their  emotional and mental health struggles. I think that is part of what we  need to do.   School security, as I said, was also a glaring issue at Uvalde. The  shooter was able to enter Robb Elementary School through a door that  wasn't even locked. That is a problem. School districts need to be  prepared for the worst-case scenario. They need to prepare for the  worst and hope for the best. That means evaluating physical security,  reviewing current protocols, developing best practices, and potentially  adding or expanding the number of school resource officers. Those are  law enforcement officers on campus.   I think there is a lot of common ground on things we can agree on  here--safer schools, better mental health resources, and coming up with  additional assistance that will harden our schools and provide greater  deterrence and protections for our students.   The Senators whom I have been talking to--including the group of four  but even the larger group today at noon--we have been talking about  other things we might do to keep individuals who are already prohibited  by law because they have a criminal background or they have mental  health adjudications and problems.   How do we keep guns out of the hands of criminals and those who are  undergoing mental health crises? That is an area of common ground. This  is not about creating new restrictions on  [[Page S2861]]  law-abiding citizens; it is about ensuring the system we already have  in place works as intended.   One idea we have discussed is, because this young man in Uvalde  turned 18 and because there was no look back at his juvenile record, he  passed a background check. It is as if he was born on his 18th birthday  and nothing that happened before was important. That is obviously a  problem. So we are looking at taking steps to encourage States to  upload juvenile records into the National Instant Criminal Background  Check System. This is standard practice in some but not most States,  and it is easy to see why it is important. If we are uploading  information about adults' mental health adjudications but we don't have  access to juveniles' mental health adjudications, to me, that is a  problem. If a 17-year-old, for example, is convicted of aggravated  assault, the record should show up in his background check if he tries  to purchase a gun when he turns 18.   I think this is a commonsense way to make sure the National Instant  Criminal Background Check databases are complete and they are accurate.  That is not about expanding the system; that is about making sure the  system we have actually works.   I want to make sure that we are committed to providing due process  protections for citizens in all circumstances. Again, this is part of  our Constitution, due process of law--the right to appear, the right to  contest a decision by the government and to produce evidence and to  cross-examine witnesses. That is an essential aspect of due process.  When you talk about depriving somebody of a constitutional right, it is  even more important.   The goal here is to make a law; it is not to make a political  statement. As I said, I am encouraged by the progress we are making,  but I don't think artificial deadlines are useful. The majority leader,  Senator Schumer, has threatened to schedule votes if an agreement isn't  reached by a certain time. I don't think that is particularly helpful.   Again, my goal and I think most Senators' goal here is to come up  with a bill that can pass; otherwise, we might as well move on to other  topics. But I sense a feeling of urgency and a desire to actually get  things done. Around here, if you know people have the will, there is a  way, and I believe there is a collective bipartisan will. So far,  everybody, I believe, has been working in good faith. We all understand  the differences that we have regionally and culturally when it comes to  things like the Second Amendment. We understand the different politics  in different States. That is the genius of the Senate that brings us  all together. It doesn't make it easy, but it makes it possible for us  to try to find some common ground.   The most common cry you hear today when it comes to incidents like  Uvalde is to do something. I think we agree with that, but what that  something is is not easy, but it is important, and we need to try.  Again, I am optimistic because of the progress we have made so far that  we will do something here that is important that will save lives. To  me, that is the goal. And I think all 100 Senators would agree, if we  can achieve that goal, then our efforts will have been worthwhile.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   