 Madam Speaker, I thank my colleague and friend from  Louisiana for his leadership and for hosting this here tonight.   Less than 24 hours ago, the President delivered the State of the  Union Address in this very Chamber. I would like to respond on behalf  of the Big First District of Kansas.   Last night, Americans hoped to hear our Commander in Chief address  the many crises facing our country and explain his plans for fixing  them; a reasonable request. Instead, we heard a monologue of half- truths and empty promises. This administration has failed on the world  stage, creating one foreign policy disaster after another, and the  repercussions are posing threats to America's food supply, energy  security, and our freedom.   On the home front, this administration has created record inflation,  which is destroying livelihoods and killing small businesses across the  country and in my district. Drugs and crime are destroying American  communities and families, and we have an open southern border where  drugs and human trafficking run rampant. The supply chain is still in  disarray. Our country's debt is at an all-time high, almost $30  trillion, and the President has halted our march toward energy  independence by killing the Keystone XL pipeline. The Biden  administration has made a disaster in his handling of the issues at  home.   Abroad, our country has an egregious trade deficit with China, a  country that ripped off American farmers to the tune of $16 billion in  the phase one trade deal, and this administration has done nothing to  hold them accountable.   The President was getting lots of applause last night for talking a  big game about supporting Ukraine, but we have done nothing meaningful  so far as in response to the humanitarian crisis Vladimir Putin has  created there. His financial sanctions won't prevent China from bailing  out Russia financially, and President Biden won't stop buying half a  million barrels of oil a  [[Page H1266]]  day from Putin because, again, President Biden killed the Keystone XL  pipeline.   Furthermore, the President clearly isn't worried about the food  implications of Russia taking over Ukraine, which is the breadbasket of  Europe, by the way, and the third largest grain exporter in the world,  because he still hasn't even appointed a USDA under secretary of  foreign trade and agriculture. In 13\1/2\ months he hasn't even  nominated one.   Americans are a resilient people. We have proven that over the past 2  years. I would argue that Kansans are among the most resilient of all.  We have made it through worse times than these. But I am standing here  today to say enough is enough. We need to get this country back on  track, and to do that we need a President who actually leads.   Last night, I hoped that the President would tell us about how he  plans to hold Russia accountable for its inhumane invasion of Ukraine,  stop inflation, fix the supply chain, secure our southern border, and  stand up for American farmers and ranchers who feed, fuel, and clothe  the world. But he did not. Instead I heard an out-of-touch stump speech  from a politician who wanted me to believe that everything is going to  be just fine as long as he is in the White House.   I pray for the President, and I want him to be successful, but in  order for that to happen, he must lead.   