 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2521, the Delivering  Optimally Urgent Labor Access for Veterans Affairs Act of 2022, or the  DOULA for VA Act of 2022.   Women are now our fastest growing group within the veteran community.  More than 2 million women veterans live in the U.S. today. Many of them  are within childbearing age.   In the last few years, the use of maternal services within the VHA  has increased by 44 percent. The DOULA for VA Act would require VA to  conduct a study to provide doula services for pregnant veterans  enrolled in the VA healthcare system.   Mr. Speaker, a doula is a trained companion who provides physical and  emotional support to women before, during, and after childbirth. They  also offer guidance and educational support for new mothers. However,  doulas are not medically trained professionals, and there are no  certifying or licensing standards for doulas, which is why it is  imperative that doulas meet the minimum quality and safety standards  set forth by the VA.   This bill will provide VA and Congress with valuable insight into the  trade, and I ask all of my colleagues to support H.R. 2521.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, in closing, I encourage all my colleagues to  support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4601, as amended, the  Commitment to Veteran Support and Outreach Act.   This bill would provide VA the authority to award grants to States  and Indian Tribes to improve outreach to veterans and their families  about the benefits they may be eligible for.   H.R. 4601, as amended, would prioritize grants to the areas that have  large populations of underserved veterans and high rates of suicide.  Additionally, this bill would help county and Tribal VSOs assist  veterans with preparing and presenting their disability compensation  claims.   With the implementation of the PACT Act right around the corner, it  is imperative that Congress provide local VSOs with the resources they  need to assist veterans with their claims.   Every veteran deserves access to the same wraparound help with their  benefits regardless of where they live. Congressman Levin and  Congressman Rosendale's proposal would do exactly that.   I also want to point out that this bill has a mandatory cost because  of toxic exposure funds created by the PACT Act. Now, I am happy to see  the cost is now fully offset rather than swept under the rug.   Congress must find a permanent solution to the toxic exposure fund  scoring problem before we use up all of our offsets and become unable  to move additional legislation.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage all my colleagues to work toward that  solution, and I urge all Members to support H.R. 4601, as amended.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4772, as amended, the  Mark O'Brien VA Clothing Allowance Improvement Act.   The clothing allowance program was created to give veterans the  financial means to replace clothes that have been damaged due to their  service-connected disability. For example, a veteran who has a  prosthetic or uses a wheelchair may wear out their clothes quickly and  need to replace them often.   Yet, under current law, veterans who qualify for the clothing  allowance must go through a tedious process of reapplying every year to  receive their benefit, even if their condition is unlikely to change.   H.R. 4772, as amended, would streamline the process for veterans  receiving a clothing allowance by making the renewal process automatic.   To ensure proper oversight of this program, VA would be required to  reevaluate the veteran 5 years after they have received the benefit to  determine eligibility for the clothing allowance. If a veteran has a  more permanent condition, such as an amputation, VA would have the  authority to exempt the veteran from regular reevaluations.   I support these commonsense changes, which would simplify the  clothing allowance program and reduce the paperwork burden on our  veterans, and I am glad to see the cost of the bill is also fully  offset. I thank Congressman Levin and Congressman Moore for their  leadership on this issue.   Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support H.R. 4772, as amended, and  I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5943, as amended, a bill  to designate the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based  outpatient clinic in Greenville, South Carolina, as the Lance Corporal  Dana Cornell Darnell VA Clinic.   Lance Corporal Darnell was born in Greenville, South Carolina, and  joined the United States Marine Corps on his 18th birthday. While he  was deployed to the Republic of Vietnam in 1967, his unit was engaged  in a mission against Vietcong and North Vietnamese forces in Quang Tri  Province. His patrol was ambushed by enemy forces using heavy small  arms and automatic weapons fire.   In the chaos that ensued, his mortar gunner was knocked unconscious.  Displaying courage in the face of extreme danger, Lance Corporal  Darnell quickly retrieved the mortar.   Despite being unable to set the mortar up properly, he continued to  fire at the enemy. When he ran out of ammo,  [[Page H8607]]  he moved from man to man, collecting more ammo until the enemy guns  fell silent.   When Lance Corporal Darnell's unit was ordered to withdraw from the  area, he dragged two marines to safety and refused to evacuate himself.  He stayed back to tend to the wounded.   Lance Corporal Darnell died 2 days later, on April 26, 1967, at the  age of 19. He was awarded the Navy Cross for his selfless sacrifice and  act of courage in combat.   Lance Corporal Darnell's service to our Nation is truly worthy of  honor. Semper Fidelis.   Naming this VA facility after the Greenville native son and hero will  serve as a reminder and an inspiration to all who seek care there. It  will also ensure that his story of service is never forgotten.   Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to support H.R. 5943,  and I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from South  Carolina (Mr. Timmons).    Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to support  this bill and honor the lance corporal by naming this facility after  him.   Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 7158, the Long-Term Care  Veterans Choice Act.   H.R. 7158 would give VA the authority to grant payments to non-VA  entities for veterans who require long-term care in medical foster  homes. A medical foster home is a private home, not an institutional  facility, where trained caregivers provide wraparound care and service  to patients.   VA inspects and approves medical foster homes and enrolls veterans in  the VA Home Healthcare Program. But under current law, VA is not  authorized to pay for veterans' medical foster home care. Veterans must  cover the bill themselves, even if they would otherwise be eligible for  a VA-run nursing home facility.   Now, medical foster homes are a more cost-effective alternative to  nursing home care. They typically cost between $1,500 and $3,000 a  month, compared to a typical $7,000-a-month cost in a nursing home.   Allowing veterans to age with dignity and being comfortable is  something that I care deeply about, and this bill is a critical step  towards helping us to do just that.   However, this is another bill that CBO gave a large mandatory score  to because of the toxic exposure fund. We were able to fully offset  this score, but we won't be able to do that for every piece of  legislation. Our offsets are quickly running out, and we have to solve  the scoring problem before the work of our committee grinds to a  complete halt.   This bill is supported by the VA and numerous VSOs, and I thank  Congressman Higgins for his tireless work on it.   Mr. Speaker, I ask all of my colleagues to support H.R. 7158, and I  reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I look forward to working with the chairman as  we move forward to try to cure that problem that we were just talking  about.   Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr.  Higgins), a great Member, who has worked hard on this bill.    Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to support  this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time.   