 Mr. President, yesterday, President Biden addressed  the country about the ongoing crisis that Russia has created on its  border with Ukraine.   There was much in the President's remarks that I appreciated. He was  right to candidly remind the Russian people that neither the United  States nor NATO nor Ukraine wants a war. He was right to emphasize that  the world will not shrug or stand idly by if Vladimir Putin tries to  invade his neighbor or redraw the map of Europe through deadly force.   We have spent much time discussing Russia's alleged security concerns  and not enough time examining the legitimate concerns of Russia's  neighbors, many of whom have a long history--a long history--of being  invaded by Moscow. The concerns of these free, sovereign states matter  as well, and the President would do well to amplify their voices and  their historical experiences.   So it is fine for President Biden to engage in good-faith diplomacy,  provided we are skeptical about Putin's intentions. Thus far, Putin's  behavior is proving how little he can be trusted and how little he is  interested in diplomacy as anything other than a gambit to divide the  West or a pretext for war.   The United States must keep sending these strong messages, verbally  and with concrete actions, both right now before any hostilities and  then with  [[Page S726]]  devastating force if Putin does, indeed, plow ahead.   The United States and our partners should waste no time in helping  Ukraine prepare for war--weapons, materiel, advice, logistics, and  intelligence. We should be building the infrastructure to help Ukraine  sustain their resistance to Russian aggression if and when it comes.   I welcome the President's deployment of additional forces to the  territory of NATO allies situated along our alliance's eastern flank. I  recommended he take such action months ago. And I am particularly  grateful to the Kentuckians of the 101st Airborne Division who are  leaving Fort Campbell this week to join NATO reinforcements in Eastern  Europe.   As our diplomats work to halt the train of Russian aggression, it is  the brave men and women of the U.S. military who give their words added  weight.   I am hopeful that President Biden will rise to the occasion. As a  bipartisan group of colleagues and I made clear in a joint statement  yesterday, the President would have overwhelming, bipartisan support to  use his existing Executive authorities for tough sanctions against  Russia in the event of conflict.   We should acknowledge Putin's use of energy as a weapon. If the  President is serious about providing relief for Americans at the pump  or blunting Putin's manipulation of energy markets, he will stop his  administration's anti-energy policies that make it harder for our own  producers to explore, to produce, and to export energy to vulnerable  allies.   While our eastern flank allies have consistently taken a clear-eyed  approach to their own defense, it is time for America to invest more  meaningfully in our own military capabilities and demand that our  allies in Western Europe actually follow suit.   Whether the administration is serious about competition with Russia  and China will be clear when it submits its fiscal 2023 budget request.  Our allies and adversaries will all be watching.   