 I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum  call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up  to 3 minutes.    Mr. President, 2 days ago, it was my unhappy task to  notify the Senate that the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources  had deadlocked on another nomination and on 3 important public land  bills, with all 10 Democratic members voting for each bill and all 10  Republican members voting against them.   I strongly believe that the Senate works best when we work together,  find common ground, and reach a consensus and that we fail the American  people when we don't.   So it is with great pleasure that I come to the floor today to speak  on the nomination of Dr. Kathryn Huff to be the Assistant Secretary of  Energy for Nuclear Energy. I am very pleased to say that Dr. Huff's  nomination is one thing Democrats and Republicans on the committee  agree with completely. We reported her nomination last week without a  single dissenting vote. I urge my colleagues, Democrats and Republicans  alike, to vote to confirm her today.   My friend John Barrasso is ranking member, and we work very close  together, and this is one that we found total unanimity that she is the  right person at the right time in the right place for this job.   Dr. Huff is extremely well qualified for this important position. She  has the academic training as a physicist and in nuclear engineering.  She holds degrees in physics from the University of Chicago and nuclear  engineering from the University of Wisconsin-Madison. She has extensive  postgraduate experience as a research assistant at Argonne and the  Idaho National Laboratories and as a postdoctoral fellow at Berkeley.  She has extensive professional experience as a professor at the  University of Illinois for 5 years before joining the Department of  Energy.   She joined the Department of Energy a year ago as the Principal  Deputy Assistant Secretary for Nuclear Energy. She served as the Acting  Assistant Secretary for nearly a year prior to her nomination. She has  very clearly demonstrated her ability to handle the job through her  performance as the Deputy and Acting Assistant Secretary over this past  year. She also showed her firm grasp of nuclear issues facing the  Department at her confirmation hearing.   In short, Dr. Huff has earned the strong bipartisan endorsement of  the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. I urge all Senators to  vote to confirm her today. It shows that when we get the right person  who is qualified for the job, basically, we will come together.   I would advise any administration to look deeply at the person you  are bringing before us to make sure they fit those requirements. This  is a carbon copy of what I would continue to find--people such as Dr.  Huff to fill these very, very, very important jobs. It takes that type  of dedication, but it takes the type of knowledge and experience that  Dr. Huff has.   I urge total adoption of this by all Members of our Senate, 100 of  us.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   