 Mr. Speaker, 2 days ago our country took time to  celebrate the life of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and reflect on our  ongoing effort to ensure racial equality in America. It is fitting then  that today this body considers legislation to honor the life of Willie  O'Ree who, like Dr. King, was on the frontlines of racial integration  in America and has dedicated his life to the ideals of diversity and  inclusion.   In 1958, Willie O'Ree integrated the sport of hockey by becoming the  first Black player in the National Hockey League. Well, known are the  stories of barrier-breaking athletes like Jackie Robinson in baseball  and Bill Russell in basketball; Mr. O'Ree's story is lesser known.   He was born in Canada, the youngest of 13 children. His grandfather,  Paris O'Ree, escaped slavery in South Carolina and fled to Canada.  Growing up in Canada, O'Ree quickly developed a love and talent for  hockey. During his early years playing hockey, he was blinded in one  eye by a stray puck. However, this setback did not deter him from his  dream of playing professional hockey. A few years later, Willie finally  got the call to play in the NHL with the Boston Bruins, becoming the  first Black player to do so.   But the road ahead was not an easy one. During his time playing for  the Bruins, Willie endured racist slurs by fans and opposing teams. He  suffered illegal hits and rough treatment constantly. But that was not  enough to deter him. He remained committed to playing hockey and would  do so for 22 years in the NHL and the minor leagues. Think about that,  Mr. Speaker, he played 22 years of professional hockey while enduring  racism and bigotry; oh, and only having vision in one eye.   Willie never intended to stop the fight for inclusion in the league  once he left playing hockey. After hanging up his skates, he became the  NHL's diversity ambassador, a role he continues to this day.   In the 1990s, he established the Hockey is for Everyone initiative to  offer marginalized and underrepresented children an opportunity to play  hockey and develop important life skills. Since its inception, more  than 120,000 children have participated in the program.   After his remarkable career on and off the ice, Willie has begun to  receive the recognition he has long deserved. In 2018, he was inducted  into the Hockey Hall of Fame, and just last night, his jersey was  retired by the Boston Bruins.   It has been my honor to know Willie over the past decade and help  lead this bill to award him a Congressional Gold Medal. I am thankful  to my colleagues, Representatives Higgins, Pressley, Emmer, and Katko,  who led this legislation in the House with me, and Senators Stabenow  and Scott who led this bill in the Senate.   When I was young, my heroes were hockey players. They were talented,  strong, and skilled. They taught me many things. At the time they were  all White. Willie fought his entire life to change that during and  after his career. Hockey, the sports world, and our country are better  off because of his efforts.   I had no idea that the year I was born Willie O'Ree broke the color  barrier in hockey. And it wasn't until many years later when I had the  honor of meeting him that I learned that my own heroes from the Chicago  Blackhawks and their fans gave him some of the harshest treatment  during his time in the NHL.   But his life has been a true testament to those values I learned as a  young hockey fan: strength, courage, and perseverance even in the face  of tremendous odds. He is a true gift to our country and to a sport  that I and so many others love. Awarding him the Congressional Gold  Medal will serve as a small but important token of our country's  gratitude.   