 Madam President, democracy, our system, is an anomaly in  world history. The norm are pharaohs, kings, dictators, emperors,  Presidents for life. That is the norm. The vast sweep of human history  is all about authoritarians running their society. The idea that the  people can actually participate in the building and operating and  electing and creating their government is an unusual one. It is an  anomaly in world history. That should tell us something, because that  means it is fragile, and we have seen how fragile it can be.   On January 6, our entire democracy came down to the integrity and  courage of one man: Mike Pence. If Vice President Pence had succumbed  to the pressure--enormous pressure that he was under to try to throw  out certain electoral votes and choose and count others, we would have  been in literally uncharted constitutional territory. There is no  telling how that chaotic situation would have been resolved.   Our system is unusual, and it is fragile. Likewise, the secretary of  state of Georgia, a Republican, a strong Republican who voted for  President Trump, what if he hadn't done the right thing? What if he had  responded to President Trump on that infamous phone call by saying, I  will see what I can do to jigger the numbers and find those 11,770  votes. Where would we be?   The point is we should not put ourselves in situations that depend  expressly upon the luck and good fortune of having the right people in  the right place at the right time. Our institutions--our institutions  should be solid and viable and work regardless of who is at the levers  of power.   The electoral college and the Electoral Count Act is a timebomb under  the edifice of democracy. I rarely disagree with Alexander Hamilton,  but if you read the 68th Federalist where he justifies the electoral  college, he just gets it wrong. Actually, he doesn't so much get it  wrong, history proved him wrong because the electoral college never  worked in the way he described it.   We have to realize that the Framers were a little bit suspicious of  democracy. The only institution in our government in 1787 that was  popularly elected was the House of Representatives. Senators were  elected by State legislatures until the 20th century. Presidents were  elected by the electoral college, and, of course, Supreme Court and  court judges were appointed by the President and confirmed by the  Senate. The only popular elections were for the House of  Representatives.    Now, Hamilton's concept for the electoral college was that it would  be a sort of council of elders. In fact, when you read the 68  Federalist, he doesn't even think about the electors being pledged to a  particular candidate; he basically says the people of each State will  elect wise people to come together to select the best qualified person  for President. He used an amazing phrase in light of what happened on  January 6. He said: The system we proposed is ``not perfect, it is at  least excellent.'' But then he goes on to say: ``It was also  particularly desirable to afford as little opportunity as possible to  tumult and disorder.'' Well, that is the definition of what happened  here on January 6, was tumult and disorder that was created by this  edifice that has never worked.   I, for one, think we should abolish the electoral college. The people  of the United States should elect their President, and the votes of the  citizens of each State should count equally instead of getting into  this game situation where you go to particular States, you ignore other  States, and some States, you know where the votes are going to go. I  think the people of America should choose their President. That is what  we all think we are doing on election day, and yet, as we learned on  January 6, we have created this structure which never worked as  Hamilton and as the Framers envisioned it that has turned into a kind  of Russian roulette with our democracy.   So, in the 1876 election, it almost broke down. It was so close,  nobody could decide who won. They ended up with a Commission to decide  the election, which turned out to be a dark chapter in American history  because that Commission ended up resolving the Presidency between Hayes  and Tilden on essentially a corrupt deal. The deal was, Hayes could  become President if he agreed to end Reconstruction in the South. Of  course, that led to 70, 80 years of Jim Crow--not a happy experience in  our history.   After that experience, the Electoral Count Act was passed--well- intentioned to try to solve some of the problems that were manifested  in the Hayes-Tilden election of 1876, but the problem is, it is a  terribly drafted law. Scholars, politicians, lawyers all concede it was  confusing, ambiguous, and, again, led to the problems of January 6.   I should also mention that Presidents who won the popular vote almost  universally in our system also won the electoral college. Recently,  that hasn't been the case. Twice in this short century, we have had  Presidents elected by the electoral college who lost the popular vote  by millions of votes. So is that a reflection of what we all think our  democracy is all about? I don't think so.   The bill that we have before us now is, I believe, one of the most  important pieces of legislation in this Congress because it deals with  the structure of democracy itself. All of our policy issues, whether it  is the Defense Department, Ukraine, all of the policy issues-- healthcare--all of those things are critically important, but the  infrastructure that underlies the system is even more important. We  can't do good policy if we don't have a solid underpinning of a  structure of our democracy. That is why the bill that is now part of  the budget bill, the omnibus bill, is so important.   The bill is bipartisan. I think that is critically important. I sat  in the Rules Committee. It passed 14 to 1, supported by Leader  McConnell and supported by Leader Schumer--14 to 1. I rarely see votes  like that in that committee. But because there was universal  realization that we needed to do something about this, we had a hearing  on it, and I remember Senator Blunt speaking at the end of that hearing  and saying: This is something we need to take care of before the end of  this Congress. That was a very important announcement and has led us to  this moment. We had hearings. We brought in experts from across the  country--election experts, legal experts. We made changes to the bill.   The bill came to us as a result of bipartisan negotiation led by my  colleague Senator Collins from Maine and Senator Manchin of West  Virginia and a group of Senators who came together organically to  create this bipartisan piece of legislation.   What does it do? It is really pretty straightforward. It clarifies  the role of the Vice President. The role of the Vice President is what  we call ministerial; that is, just simple--count the votes, pick them  out--not policy. We clarify now, forever, and always that the Vice  President does not have a substantive role in deciding which votes  should count.   It raises the objection threshold from 1 to 20 percent. Right now,  under the Electoral Count Act, one Senator and one Representative can  object to the votes of any State, and then we have to go through a  process in either House which can go on for a lengthy period of time.  But it is only one person. What we do in this bill is, it has to be 20  percent of the House or 20 percent of the Senate. That way, you are  sure that the objections have some substance, some merit, and aren't  just the fantasy  [[Page S9599]]  of one or two people. So that is one of the pieces of this bill. It  raises the objection threshold.   It ensures a single, accurate slate of electors, to be clear of what  the rules are in each State.   It expedites judicial review. That is important because, right now,  it is unclear how disputes are resolved. What if a Governor, for  example, refuses to certify an election in their State? This law gives  a path to the judiciary--expedited consideration, expedited  consideration to the Supreme Court--to decide these disputes so that we  don't have a lengthy period of uncertainty in how our democracy is  supposed to work. It also prevents mischief like moving and canceling  an election for anything but the most extreme problems.   I think this is the most important bill this Congress will consider.   There is a lot more to be done. It doesn't solve every problem  involving our election, as our other speakers have noted. There is a  lot to be done about the casting and counting of votes. There is a lot  to be done about campaign finance. But this is an important building  block that we need to attend to.   I want to end by thanking Senator Manchin and Senator Collins, who  formed the group who brought the bill forward. I want to thank my  colleagues Amy Klobuchar and Dick Durbin, whom I worked with early on  to develop a first draft of this legislation. I want to thank Senator  Klobuchar and Senator Blunt for their leadership on the Rules Committee  and Senators Schumer and McConnell for working together to form a  bipartisan consensus that this is an important piece of protecting the  fundamental structure of our democracy.   As I said, what we have in this country is unusual. It is an anomaly  in world history. It is fragile, and we have to at all times be  vigilant and diligent in protecting it and maintaining it and filling  in those cracks in the Union to make it more perfect.   Ronald Reagan made a wonderful observation about the every 4 years  inauguration of a President. He said it is a ``commonplace occurrence''  and it is a profound occurrence. It is profound because it is  commonplace. The peaceful transfer of power is what distinguishes our  system from almost all others in the world. We have to be sure that  continues to be the North Star of our democracy.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum.    Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I come to the floor tonight as a U.S.  Senator from Maine. Why am I here to discuss lobsters on the floor of  the U.S. Senate? Because my State is facing its most serious crisis, in  my view, in my 18 years of public service on behalf of Maine.   There is a provision in the bill that we will be voting on tomorrow  that is of vital, critical importance to Maine, and I believe the  country.   In November, a Federal court here in Washington issued a ruling under  the Endangered Species Act and the Maine Marine Mammal Protection Act  that effectively shuts down the entire Maine lobster fishery in 2  years. It issues requirements that simply can't be met in that  timeframe. The only choice will be to shut down the fishery.   What does that mean? What is the fishery? What is the lobster  industry?   We talk about the lobster industry. The lobster industry is this guy  right here--thousands of small, independent businesses. These boats are  not owned by Amazon or Walmart or Whole Foods. They are owned by  individual Maine people, families, generations, in a town like this.   That is what we are talking about. We are talking about the  livelihoods of thousands of Maine people that will be cut off by virtue  of this decision within 2 years.   Is it a real threat? People are already cancelling orders for boats.  The business of the people that make lobster traps is down 25 or 30  percent. People are starting to put their boats on the market because  they see this closure coming of an industry that has been a mainstay of  the Maine economy for 150 years. Well over a billion and a half dollars  a year is based upon this unique, iconic product that comes from the  cold waters of Maine.   Now, why am I here? Because this decision of the court that  effectively closes our lobster industry down is based upon the idea of  protecting the North Atlantic right whale, which needs protection. It  is indeed an endangered species. The question is whether the remedy, in  this case the closure of the Maine fishery, will actually help in the  preservation of the right whale.   I want to start with a couple of data points. Here is the first. This  is the number of right whale deaths ever attributed to Maine lobster  gear: zero. The number of right whale deaths attributed to Maine  lobster gear: zero.   Here is another data point. The number of right whales even being  entangled in Maine lobster gear in almost the last 20 years: zero.   So the question is, Is there sufficient evidence for this draconian  remedy, the shutdown of the entire industry?   The other data point is that, according to the maps of whale  sightings based upon data from the Department of Commerce and NOAA, the  whales are moving away from Maine. They are congregating now to the far  north, in the Gulf of St. Lawrence, and also around Cape Cod, and I am  going to talk about that in a minute. But the number of whales sighted  and detected along the Maine coast is steadily declining.   So why are we doing this? Why did the court make this ruling? The  judge felt compelled by the law because there may be a risk. There may  be a risk.   Is the lobster industry--is this guy--doing anything about that  speculative risk? Yes, a lot. Maine lobstermen all mark their gear. So  if there is an entanglement and the rope is attached to the whale, you  can tell where it came from. They mark their gear.   No. 2, they have changed all the ropes with weaker ropes. So if there  is an entanglement, they will break. No. 3, they put weak links in  their ropes. So if there is an entanglement, the link will break, and  there won't be a problem.   By the way, if these entanglements were happening, the lobstermen  would know it. Every lobstermen knows where his gear is. They would  know if there is an entanglement. And I have talked to lobstermen who  have been out there for 30 years and have never seen a right whale in  the Gulf of Maine. There may be a few out there, but they have never  seen one. In other words, it is a very, very low risk.   And, finally, they have changed the way they fish. It used to be--and  I remember this--that you would have buoys. You have all seen those  picturesque--well, no, that is a mooring. That is not a lobster buoy.  But you have a buoy and a rope that is down to the trap on the bottom.  And so every trap had its own line and buoy. That is no longer true.   Now they have a buoy, one line, and the trap is on the bottom, which  are attached. So you can pull up a number of traps with only one piece  of rope.   In the last 10 years, Maine lobstermen have removed 30,000 miles of  rope from the Gulf of Maine to mitigate a risk that we are not even  sure is there.   Now, I have been in environmental policy all my life. I know about  the precautionary principle, which means, if you are not sure, be  careful. And I understand that. I understand, if you are not sure, be  careful. But this is the precautionary principle run amok where there  is so little evidence and the punishment is so severe.   So we are talking about an economic death sentence for an entire way  of life. For the town of Stonington, for the thousands--and I mean  between 5,000 and 10,000 people who work on the water and thousands  more who work in processing and are involved in this industry--over  $1.5 billion a year of economic impact in the State of Maine.   But if you were in court and you said that we are going to impose an  economic death sentence, well, here is the way the law looks at things  like that. If it is a criminal case, to take away somebody's liberty,  it is ``beyond a reasonable doubt.''   There is no ``beyond a reasonable doubt'' in this case. It is not  even close to ``beyond a reasonable doubt.''   OK, in a civil case, you have to prove your case by a preponderance  of the evidence, that it is more likely than not.   Is there a preponderance of the evidence that the Maine lobster  fishery is causing or contributing significantly to the loss of right  whales? No, there is no preponderance of the evidence.   How about any evidence? Zero, zero.   Now, a solution to this crisis is in the bill that we will be voting  on tomorrow. It is one that the Maine delegation, myself and Senator  Collins, Congresswoman Pingree, and Congressman Golden have been  working on since this decision. And it is a compromise that has been  negotiated between the various people interested in this issue and this  body that leaves in place all of those protective measures that I  mentioned--the weak links, the weaker ropes, the ropes out of the  water, the marking of the gear. All of those stay in place.  [[Page S9608]]    Importantly, it provides funding for two purposes. One is the  development of gear that will reduce the risk even further--lobster  gear, that is. For example, there is a lot of discussion of something  called ropeless fishing, which would be traps on the bottom and a buoy  on the bottom that can be released by a radio signal, come to the  surface, and then you can pull the traps up. So there is no rope in the  water.   Now, that is a great idea. The problem is, it is not ready for prime  time. It is being tried. There are experiments going on with it. There  are some serious problems with it.   For example, currently, if you are a lobsterman, you go out and you  see other buoys, and that tells you where other traps are, so you don't  put yours down on top of theirs. In this ropeless fishing  configuration, until we figure that out, we can't have multiple traps  laying on top of each other and becoming entangled.   The other problem is, it is very expensive. We are talking about tens  and hundreds of thousands of dollars for the guy that owns this boat.  So what the bill provides is funding for research of how to develop  this, whether it is ropeless fishing or some other technology that we  don't know right now, to mitigate whatever risk there is even further.  So that is one funding in the bill.   The other funding is for data to know where the whales are, to know  because the problem is what data we have indicates there are  practically none along the Maine coast. But we don't know that for  sure.   But, again, what we are doing is sentencing this industry to death-- economic death--without the information upon which that decision should  be made.   And I am very comfortable--I am anxious to work on that data, whether  we do it by satellite, by drones, by acoustics. Whatever we do, I want  to know where those whales are. I don't think--based upon the data I  have seen--that we are going to see that there are many in the area  where the lobster fishing takes place, but I am willing to get the  accurate answer to that.   So the bill does those two things: funding for research and funding  for data collection.   The third thing it does is pause the economic death sentence. It  pauses the ruling that says this has to be finished in 2 years because  that means the lobster industry--the lobster fishing, the lobster  families, the lobster towns--are finished within 2 years. We are  talking about a 6-year pause as time to collect the data and develop  the gear.   Now, even the advocates, the people who are angry about what we are  doing and making wild charges that this is going to immediately lead to  the extinction of the whales, which there is just no basis for that,  even those people concede that it is going to take 6 to 10 years to  develop these alternatives.   What do they expect the people of Maine to do between year 2 and year  10 when their whole livelihoods have gone away?   So what we are doing--what we compromised was a 6-year period that  will give us time to develop the technology and to develop the data,  and we may find that there are different solutions or that the data may  show that no additional restrictions beyond what is already being done  are necessary.   I have been involved as an advocate for environmental policy all my  adult life. I was the first full-time lobbyist for the Maine  environmental community in 1976. I helped to write the Maine billboard  law, the Maine bottle bill, and subdivision laws. Interestingly, one of  bills I advocated for was right turn on red. Why is that an  environmental bill? Because if you are not idling at a gas station,  multiply that by millions of people across the country--a big saving on  fossil fuel and pollution going into the atmosphere. That was, believe  it or not, an environmental issue in the 1970s.   When I was Governor of Maine, one of my proudest achievements was the  fact that we put more land into conservation in Maine during my 8 years  as Governor than during the entire prior 175 years in Maine combined-- more land into conservation than in the prior 175 years combined. And  it wasn't by accident; it was something that I felt deeply engaged in  when I began as Governor.   In 1987, long before I was Governor or in politics, I was the chair  of a group who brought the land for Maine's future into being, which  was the--I think it was the second in the country to have a public bond  issue for land conservation. This was an initiative that I took on as a  private citizen. So I have been involved in these issues.   Here is one more data point. This was my rating by the League of  Conservation Voters last year: 100 percent.   So if somebody says, you know, that I don't care about the  environment or the whales, that isn't true. I work every day at Edmund  Muskie's desk. My office found Senator Muskie's desk, and it is in my  office today. They found it in a storage room somewhere here. Edmund  Muskie is literally the father of the modern environmental movement.  The Clean Air Act and the Clean Water Act he brought to this body.   The Clean Air Act, by the way, passed this body unanimously. Can you  imagine that? We can't agree on what time it is around here  unanimously.   Edmund Muskie's heritage of the invention, the creation of the  environmental movement in this country is one of Maine's proudest  achievements, that Ed Muskie was the guy who began that process here in  this body some 50 years ago. I sit at his desk. I think about his  legacy.   One of his legacies was, how do you talk about these issues? The big  argument in Maine when Muskie was talking about protecting clean water  and clean air was payrolls versus pickerel. You know, do we have to  choose between payroll, between jobs, and fish? Muskie's answer was no.  That is a false choice. We can protect the environment, but we can also  understand economic impacts and find ways to navigate whatever  potential conflicts there may be. That is Muskie's legacy. We don't  have to choose between lobsters and whales. We don't have to choose  between the men and women of Stonington or Cutler or Corea or  Georgetown or Freeport or Cape Elizabeth and whales. We just have to be  sensible about approaching this in a way that will protect the whales  but also protect the way of life of these wonderful people.   That is why I am here tonight. That is what we have done in this  bill. It is in no way a diminution of the standards of the Endangered  Species Act or the Marine Mammal Protection Act; it merely pauses that  economic death sentence until we have time to know how to navigate the  solution and what the real definition of the problem is. To me, that is  good policy. It is what we should do here on all the complicated issues  we face.   It is an unbelievable honor and humbling to represent the State of  Maine in this body, and I am proud of the fact that we have been able  to confront this issue in a way that will enable the lobsters and the  lobster fishers and the whales to exist in an ecosystem that is  protective of people as well as whales. This is the role that we have  here, and I believe we have achieved it in this bill.   I can't leave without thanking my colleague Senator Collins, who was  instrumental in working the language that we will have before us  tomorrow, and my colleagues Congresswoman Pingree and Congressman  Golden in the House, and all the people in these two bodies whom we  have worked with to achieve this important piece of legislation.   This is the way we can make good policy--based upon data, science,  facts, and common sense--and that is what we have achieved here today.   I yield the floor.   