 Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Minnesota for  yielding.    Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4445. This is the way the  legislative process should work. This started with a victim of sexual  harassment, Gretchen Carlson, who stepped forward and brought a cancer  within an organization to light, and did it in a courageous manner.  Then my colleague, Congresswoman Cheri Bustos, took on this cause and  wrote a good piece of legislation.   But what she did was even more important. She was open to suggestions  and often adopted suggestions to make this the very best legislation  that it could be. And my friends, Congressman Matt Gaetz and Morgan  Griffith, worked alongside her and worked on our side of the aisle to  make folks aware of the need for this legislation.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4445 because,  one, it empowers rape victims to make a choice between arbitration and  going to court. It also makes sure that sexual predators are held  accountable. And finally, it puts corporations on notice that if they  don't clean up their act, they are going to have a big problem. There  is no more sweeping an issue like this under the carpet. This is  something that corporations are going to take seriously, and they are  going to change their conduct as a result of a possible change to their  bottom line.   This bill gives Members a choice to support rape victims or rapists.  I choose to support the rape victims, the survivors of a terrible  ordeal, and I urge my colleagues to do the same.    Madam Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Madam Speaker, this amendment is really very simple. It  changes a somewhat convoluted definition of sexual harassment to the  following: ``The term `sexual harassment dispute' means a dispute  relating to conduct that is alleged to constitute sexual harassment  under applicable Federal, Tribal, or State law.''   Simple, straightforward, understandable. The issue arose here because  there was a question of whether the definition that was contained in  this law would supersede Federal, State, or Tribal law; it doesn't.  However, this clarifies that, and I would ask my colleagues to support  this.   Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North  Carolina (Mr. Bishop).    Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished  gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Griffith), a cosponsor of this bill.    Madam Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership,  and I appreciate Mrs. Bustos and her willingness to consider this  language. I don't know that there was a problem beforehand, but  whatever there was, it has been cleared up, and I very much think that  this is a stronger bill as a result of this amendment.   Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote for it, and I yield back  the balance of my time.   