 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  order for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, next month marks an anniversary that  nobody wants to celebrate: 10 years since 70 people were shot and 12  killed while sitting in a movie theater in Aurora, CO.   At the time, it was the largest mass shooting in American history.  Since then, several shootings, like the Pulse Nightclub and the Las  Vegas shooting, have surpassed that grim milestone.   Most Senators have a similar story of some sort of a mass shooting in  their State that killed people who were trying to enjoy a movie or  worship God or shop for groceries like the 10 people murdered last year  in a supermarket in Boulder or sitting in a fourth grade classroom.  Mass shootings have become uniquely American, a problem that has grown  consistently in the 23 years since the Columbine school attack shook us  all. There were seven school shootings that year. Last year, there were  42.   The Aurora shooting happened when I was Governor, and it has stayed  with me, as those things do. Friday, July 20, 2012, almost 10 years  ago--it was a local premiere of ``The Dark Knight,'' and it was a  packed house. Every seat had a person in it, a person with loved ones  and ones who loved them who expected them to come home that night.   I arrived the next morning at the scene and walked into the command  center that the FBI and the police were using. Aurora Police Chief Dan  Oates showed us a video of the crime scene that had been taken by  police shortly before, using a hand-held camera. The images haunt me  still: popcorn everywhere mixed with bullet casings, random clothing,  and blood. There was blood all over the seats and the floor.   Aurora Mayor Steve Hogan and I spent the afternoon visiting hospitals  all over town. We visited almost every surviving wounded victim. In the  days and weeks and months after that day, we had the gun debate in  Colorado. Of course, we had the debate. What kind of a State would we  be if we were too scared to go to a movie? The debate was difficult and  hard to find agreement.   Guns are a tradition in the West, and Colorado is no exception. We  became the first purple State to successfully pass gun safety laws.  Coloradans, including the vast majority of gun owners, wanted to get  something done. That led to universal background checks and a ban on  high-capacity magazines; not everything--not everything--that we wanted  but steps that made a real difference. We didn't want dangerous people  to have guns.   One night while I was Governor, I came home tired and cranky in the  midst of working on these gun laws. I made the mistake of complaining  to my 11-year-old son Teddy. Teddy couldn't find it in him to  understand why it was so hard. He asked me: Dad, why don't you just  make the decision? It is easy. Get the facts, make a decision, check,  next.   I started to explain, and he repeated: Get the facts, make a  decision, check, next.   He said: Every day I go into school, and I have to learn something  completely new that I didn't know existed the day before. If I don't  get it completely right, the next day is misery because everything is  based on the day before.   Teddy was right about one thing: The facts do matter. Part of our  problem has been not having good data. Many assume passing new laws  like background checks or magazine limits wouldn't work because crooks  don't buy guns from legal dealers. The facts proved that they very much  do. In 2013, 2,782 convicted felons tried to buy a gun in Colorado and  were stopped. Even last year, nearly a decade later, 3,539 convicted  felons were blocked from buying a gun. Laws can work to keep guns out  of the hands of dangerous people.   The solutions are often straightforward. Nonpartisan facts and basic  data help us cut through the noise of division. Guns can be a divisive  issue, to say the least, but we don't accept that there is no room to  get things done.   The Bipartisan Safer Communities Act proves that. For the first time  in three decades, Congress is poised to pass gun legislation that will  make Americans safer, and it is based on the very simple principle: We  all agree we should keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people.   The bill will give States the resources to implement red flag laws to  prevent people who are a danger to themselves or others from buying or  having guns. It will finally close the boyfriend loophole that allows  convicted domestic abusers to get firearms. It will strengthen  background checks for 18- to 21-year-olds and take mental health into  account and will crack down on strawman purchases that allow criminals  to dodge background checks altogether.   Now, these are commonsense proposals, and I am heartened to see that  they are going to pass with bipartisan support, but we all know there  is more that needs to be done to reduce gun violence in America.   The question is, What is next?   For that, we can turn to Teddy's wisdom as an 11-year-old. What we  need is a common set of facts that both sides can accept and can act  on.   In 1970, Congress created the National Highway Traffic Safety  Administration to respond to the public outcry over fatal vehicle  crashes. By 2019, there were 60 percent fewer vehicle fatalities than  in 1970. So in that period from 1970 to 2019, fatalities were reduced  60 percent, even though there are now 2\1/2\ times as many cars on the  roads.   The Agency's strength is in its strictly nonpartisan research. It  conducts a survey and a detailed analysis of vehicle fatalities across  the country and forms an objective basis to evaluate vehicle safety  standards and procedures--things like whether airbags and seatbelts can  make a difference or what size and shape child restraints should take,  essentially every safety feature in our cars today.   Why can't we have something similar for guns? We now have more gun  deaths in America than we have deaths from car crashes, and yet for  years, we could barely discuss possible solutions.   So while this Chamber is working together, let's make sure we measure  the success of these bills that we are about to pass. Let's think about  establishing a research body that will create an objective baseline of  hard facts, not conventional wisdom. The path forward is as simple as  my 11-year-old son knew it to be a decade ago: Get the facts, make a  decision, check, next.   I yield the floor.   