 Mr. President, inflation is at its highest level in 40  years. Drug overdose deaths and illegal border crossings are at record  levels. The murder rate is its highest since the 1990s. Russian troops  are massing on Ukraine's border, and the President of the United States  just green-lighted Vladimir Putin to invade. China is continuing its  aggression.   So what have the Democratic floor leader and Senate Democrats spent  the last 2 months doing? Trying to overturn 200 years of Senate rules  and customs so that they can do things like ban voter ID nationwide and  use your tax dollars to support political campaigns.   They tell us that Americans are living under Jim Crow 2.0, and they  cite the recent Georgia election law as proof. Well, let's investigate  this so-called voter suppression law.   Under the new law, the State of Georgia will have 17 days of early  voting. If this is Jim Crow 2.0, then I have bad news because the  Democratic leader's home State of New York and the President's home  State of Delaware were engaged in I guess what you would call Jim Crow  3.0 as recently as last year because New York only had 9 days of early  voting and Delaware had no days--zero days--of early voting.   Next, I have heard complaints that Georgia has reduced the number of  ballot drop boxes in the State, even though they now require every  county to have a drop box, as was not the case as recently as 2018, and  that Georgia has added new security measures to prevent fraud.   Once again, I hate to break the news that the Democratic floor  leader's home State of New York had zero ballot drop boxes and that the  President's home State of Delaware allowed for just five last year.   Of course, one of the Democrats' favorite claims is that all of those  terrible Republicans down in Georgia have stopped campaign and  political workers from giving food and drinks to people who are waiting  in line at the polls. Where could Georgia have gotten such an idea?  Well, as it turns out, the Democratic floor leader's home State of New  York also has a nearly identical law banning such electioneering near  polling places.   The Democrats also say that voter ID is a kind of new Jim Crow. That  might surprise the 69 percent of Black Americans who support voter ID.  [[Page S320]]    Now, what are they up to? This is an especially good question, given  the letter that 28 Democrats, still in the Senate, signed on April 7,  2017, to the leadership around here, urging them to oppose any effort-- any effort--to stop the Senate's tradition and custom of extended  debate.   Some of those Senators are on the floor with us at this moment. I see  the junior Senator from Illinois, the junior Senator from Hawaii, and  the junior Senator from Maine, the Presiding Officer, for that matter.  Many more were down here earlier.   I would invite, through the Chair, any of those Senators, if they  would like to engage in a colloquy, to explain why they have changed  their position since they signed that letter on April 7, 2017.   I guess I don't have any takers.   I will point out that out of the 28 Democrats who actually signed  that letter--    I will certainly yield.    Well, I thank the Senator from Maine for explaining the  change in position. I was not seeking an apology, merely an  explanation, since I haven't heard that much over the last year or so.   I can respond to a few of these points. The Senator from Maine said  it was the nature of the issue at stake. Well, first off, I will point  out, I have the letter in front of me here. It is very short. It is  only two paragraphs long, but there is nothing in there about the  nature of the issue at stake, about whether we are talking about  immigration or gun control or, in this case, election takeover laws.   The Senator from Maine referred to the cheap and easy filibuster. I  don't necessarily agree with that characterization, but I would point  out that that is exactly the kind of cheap and easy filibuster that was  in place in 2017, when 28 Democrats signed this letter.   I will also point out that I wouldn't necessarily agree with the  characterization that the current filibuster was created by accident in  1975. We are going to have a debate, but the rules and customs under  debate today go back to the second decade, the second decade of the  U.S. Senate. And, perhaps more importantly, every time those rules have  been modified--up to and including the most recent changes on the  legislative calendar--they have been modified in accordance with the  rules, not using the nuclear option, breaking the rules so we can  change the rules.   I also note we have had a few other signatories to that letter  arrive. We have the senior Senator from Colorado. We have the senior  Senator from New Hampshire. We have the senior Senator from Montana.  And we have the letter's chief Democratic author, the junior Senator  from Delaware.   I asked earlier, through the Chair, if any Senators would like to  explain their change in position. Since those Senators have joined us,  if they would like to explain their change, as well, I would invite  them into colloquy.    I would be happy to yield.    I appreciate the comments of the Senator from Oregon. And  I want to commend him for principled consistency on this question. He  did not sign that letter.   In fact, one of the earliest conversations I had with any Democratic  Senator in 2015 was with the Senator from Oregon about some of these  very questions. He has had these reservations about the cloture rule,  about the rights and customs of extended debate. He has not changed his  on this position so I commend him.   I will point out, he mentioned the nuclear option on the Supreme  Court. Of course, that simply followed what the former Senate  Democratic leader Harry Reid did in 2013 on the Executive Calendar.   I will also point out that that happened in February or March of  2017, if I recall. This letter was written in April of 2017.   But if there is no more extended debate on this question--oh, I would  invite the Senator from Virginia, through the Chair.    Mr. President.    Mr. President, I invite the Senator from Colorado to  engage in colloquy.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from Colorado.    Mr. President, the Senator from Oklahoma was directly  addressed, and I believe he would like to engage in a brief colloquy.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from Oklahoma.    Mr. President, before I move on from this letter, I just  have to note that, as I have said several times, 28 Democrats in the  Senate today signed that letter. Twenty-seven of them changed their  position. There is one signatory who didn't change their position: the  Senator from West Virginia. Not only did he not change his position in  that letter he signed, he has been consistent from the very beginning.   He was also here in 2013 when we started down this path on the  Executive Calendar. And there are differences, to be sure, between the  Executive Calendar and the legislative calendar. The Senator from West  Virginia is the sole signatory still in the Senate who has been  consistent throughout, and I want to commend him for that.   And I want to note for the record the Senator from Arizona-- apparently, the only other Democratic Senator who will oppose this  maneuver--did not sign the letter in 2017 because she was not in the  Senate in 2017.   So, in conclusion, why are we doing all this? Why are we going down  this road? Is it because this legislation is so popular, this issue is  so important? You would think it was the top issue on the minds of a  majority of Americans. But no, according to Gallup, only 1 percent of  Americans list elections and Federal election takeovers as their top  priority.   Maybe the majority of Americans support the procedural maneuvering  here tonight, the overturning of 200 years of Senate rules and  customs--nope, wrong again. According to a recent CBS poll, barely a  third of Americans support this.   And while we are waiting here for the Democrats' doomed charge to  overturn 200 years of Senate rules and customs and federalize our  elections, Americans are dealing with very real, concrete, kitchen- table issues. Our people are getting poorer. Inflation rose by 7  percent over the last year, the highest rate in 40 years. Wages are  failing to keep up. Inflation might not be so bad for some of the  millionaires around here, with their stock portfolios and their real  estate, but for most Americans it is crippling, and it is most  crippling for those who can least afford it.    I shouldn't have to point out that people are dying in our  communities all across the country. Murder was up by its highest record  level in the keeping of modern records last year, and it is up again  this year, at a time when we also have 100,000 Americans dying of  overdoses, the highest number ever reported--another grim record.   Meanwhile, America is being overwhelmed at our southern border.  Border Patrol is stopping more than 175,000 illegal immigrants at our  southern border each month. We can only guess how many more are getting  through.   These are all the real problems that the American people have told us  repeatedly they want us to address, but we haven't heard much about  those problems. We are not here in session this week to debate those  problems. The Democrats apparently don't want to acknowledge these  crises because they created these crises and they have no solution for  these crises.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from New Hampshire.   