 Mr. Speaker, it is head-spinning that House Democrats  either want to defund the police, as Judiciary member Cori Bush does,  or they want to Federalize the police, as Judiciary Chairman Jerry  Nadler does. I am against both, here is why.   In my community, the voters in one of the reddest counties in Florida  voted to raise their own taxes to fund school resource officers.  Protecting our schools was that important, and we understood that that  was the responsibility of our community.   Now, as places like Detroit, Chicago, almost every major metropolitan  area in California, defund their police as some virtue signal, as some  way to sacrifice the safety of their constituents on the altar of  wokeism, now they want my Florida constituents to subsidize the bad  decisions that they make at the State and local level, both  constitutionally and practically.   The police power is not a power of the Federal Government, it is a  power of our State and local governments. When we excessively entangle  ourselves in that, we do to law enforcement what we shamefully did to  education.   In our schools all across this land there was innovation, creativity,  school projects, different ways to learn. Then the Republicans and  Democrats joined with President Bush in passing the No Child Left  Behind Act, and we got Common Core, in this theory that we had to have  every kid on the same page, in the same book, on the same day, and we  lost what was so special about it. We don't want to do that now to law  enforcement. You see, this entire package of legislation today is  intended to do just that.   They don't want to fund the police. They want to edict the police to  the Federal dollar. That comes with a more efficient way to ensure  centralized decisionmaking, not the localized decisionmaking that our  Constitution promises, and that has offered great promise to this  country for generations.   Do not buy this theory that this legislation is intended to help law  enforcement. The best thing we could do for law enforcement is get out  of their way, have their back, and call out the politicians like those  in Congress who keep trying to defund the police and devalue the  commitment they make to our communities.   