 Madam Speaker, I rise today to oppose the previous  question so we can immediately pass the American Energy Independence  from Russia Act. I would like to thank Ranking Member Cathy McMorris  Rodgers for her leadership on this.   Really, the question is simple. I think we are missing the point. The  question here is: Is the President of the United States going to pick  America, or is he going to pick our enemies? That is the debate here.   Step one was great, and I am glad that we are going to support  Ukraine. I was there 5 weeks ago; we need to support Ukraine.   Step two is we need the President to support America. Energy security  is national security, Mr. President. It is time to put Midland over  Moscow.   Unfortunately, that security has been under assault for decades but  most recently beginning on January 20, 2021. The administration is  leading the assault on energy. The reality is that American energy is  the cleanest in the world, but the President and my colleagues on the  other side of the aisle refuse to acknowledge that fact and unleash it.  [[Page H1389]]    Instead, they are choosing, the President is choosing, our  adversaries, terrorists, and begging them to produce more when we can  do it right here.   Instead of calling on the 10 million Americans who do it every single  day, we are outsourcing production to adversaries like Russia, Iran,  Venezuela, and they are harming our environment even more.   The war on Ukraine is horrifying, and it is heartbreaking. When I sat  with President Zelensky, he said that the impetus to invade his country  came from the fact that Nord Stream existed.   Our President green-lighted Nord Stream but canceled the Keystone  pipeline. Right now, today, there are six LNG terminals that the  President, with the stroke of a pen, could approve.   Are we going to pick the United States of America, or are we going to  pick our adversaries?    The United States should not be energy dependent. We should be energy  dominant. Put Midland over Moscow. Unleash American LNG. Restart oil  and gas leasing on Federal lands, and protect our own country. Pick our  country.   