 I yield myself five minutes from the bill time.   I rise today to honor the life of Congresswoman Jackie Walorski.  Three others were lost in the tragic accident.   Like I said last week, it is a real gut punch to any of us who knew  Jackie and to Hoosiers across the board. The outpouring of grief for  the lives lost has been immense in our State. As Hoosiers share their  memories of them, you can see just how important all those lives were.   Let me talk about Jackie. I got to know her early on when I was  entertaining running for Senate. She was up in the north central part  of Indiana, a place that I had been very little, and she was engaging.  I spent get-togethers with her before and then after I was elected, and  Todd said it well: Whomever she came across, she was their friend, full  of enthusiasm. She never really knew a stranger.   I got to know her better over the years since then, and I can tell  you that faith, family, and community were the principles that guided  her, and times of mourning show us just how important those things  truly are.   As the friends and family grieve for the four lives lost in this  tragedy, I hope they can find consolation in their  [[Page S4154]]  faith, in their families, in their communities, and in the memory of  their loved ones.   Zach Potts was a rising presence in Indiana politics. He was the  district chair, also the Republican chair of St. Joe County, an up-and- comer. He is remembered by friends as someone who truly cared, who  didn't ask, ``What's wrong?'' but instead asked, ``How can I help?''   Emma Thomson, Jackie's communications director, is remembered by  those who knew her as creative, funny, driven, committed to the idea  that people are the most important thing in politics.   Edith Schmucker is remembered as a loving mother and a big-hearted  friend to all at the assisted living facility where she worked and  served others.   I hope you will join me and Todd in praying for their friends and  their families. As we honor the lives of Jackie, Zach, Emma, and Edith,  their legacies will live on in those whose lives they touched.   And Jackie was a living testament to what it means to be a ``good and  faithful servant.'' She lived it out every day, and she will truly be  missed.   I yield the floor.   