 Madam President, I have come to the floor today to talk  about legislation that is going to come before this Chamber this  afternoon called the Respect for Marriage Act. I hope the Senate will  consider this legislation and pass it. I think it is good for our  country.   Marriage is really important in our society. It is a sacred bond that  two people make to each other. It represents a lifetime of commitment  and love and care in times good and bad. It is also the foundational  unit upon which our entire society is built. I have witnessed this  firsthand over the past 36 years with my wife Jane and our amazing  family. I was fortunate to have an upbringing with parents who were  together for five decades. The recognition and protection of this bond  makes the couple, the family, and our country stronger. That is why  there is a constitutional right to marry.   Same-sex marriage has also been a constitutional right since 2015.  Today, there are about a million same-sex households. About 60 percent  of them are married.   In the minds of most Americans, the validity of these marriages is a  settled question, and the overwhelming majority of Americans want this  question to be settled. According to Gallup, 71 percent of Americans  believe that same-sex marriage should be recognized as valid by law.  The majority of support for same-sex marriage, by the way, is seen  across all age groups, races, religious affiliations, and even  political parties. In fact, polling from just last year shows that 55  percent of Republicans support the legal recognition of same-sex  marriage.   Now, the Respect for Marriage Act we are about to vote on actually  doesn't go that far. It simply says that if you get married in one  State, another State has to honor it.   So why are we here? Given this broad American consensus, why is the  Senate debating this today as to whether we should recognize something  that the vast majority of Americans already recognize and support? The  answer is, because current Federal law does not reflect the will or  beliefs of the American people in this regard. The current statute  allows States and the Federal Government to refuse to recognize valid  same-sex marriages.   While it is true that this law is not currently enforceable, I would  argue, because of Supreme Court rulings, it still represents Congress's  last word on the subject. So it is important to clarify that, to get  the old legislation off the books. Likewise, current Federal law is  silent on the question of interstate interracial marriage, believe it  or not, so that needs to be addressed.   Given this disconnect between the American people and our current  legislation, it is time for the Senate to settle the issue and pass the  Respect for Marriage Act, as the House of Representatives has already  done. By the way, that was an overwhelming vote in the House with 46  Republicans supporting it.    This bill simply allows interracial or same-sex couples who are  validly married under the laws of one State to know that their marriage  will be recognized by the Federal Government and by other States, if  they move, in accordance with established Supreme Court precedent. That  is why we have to do this.   Second, we have to do it because in a recent Supreme Court case,  there was this notion that maybe this would get revisited, this issue  of same-sex marriage. So it is important that we resolve the issue for  both of those reasons. And people who are in same-sex marriages are  understandably very interested in having that resolved. They want to  clarify it. They've made financial arrangements, maybe adoptions, and  so on. They want to be sure that their marriage can continue to be  honored.   I think, in short, there are two main effects of this bill, and both  are well within the constitutional authority of the Congress to  address. First, to ensure that the marriages legally performed in one  State are recognized as valid in other States, regardless of sex or  race.   This is a straightforward application, by the way, of the Full Faith  and Credit Clause of the Constitution anyway. Under this clause, States  are required to recognize things like court judgments and public  records from other States. This bill simply clarifies that marriage is  one of those things that must be recognized across State lines.   Second, this bill specifies that the Federal Government will  recognize a marriage that is valid in the State where it was performed.  This portion of  [[Page S6722]]  the bill keeps the Federal Government out of the business of defining  marriages, which is something, on my side of the aisle, among  Republicans, particularly important because that leaves the decision to  the States where it properly belongs.   I also want to take a moment to address what this bill does not do  because I have had a lot of conversations with my colleagues over the  last week or so about this; and in some cases, they are talking about  things that this bill simply doesn't do. It does not require any State  to perform same-sex marriages if it chooses not to, in the event the  current Supreme Court case, let's say, is overturned. It just doesn't  do that. It does not require anything not already required by the  Supreme Court precedent.   It certainly does not allow polygamy. This is a point that has been  raised by some of my colleagues on my side of the aisle. Polygamy is  illegal in every jurisdiction in the United States, and this does  nothing to change that. It actually adds another provision in our  amendment--that I will talk about in a second--that explicitly  prohibits polygamy.   This bill does not permit lawsuits against individuals or entities  acting in a purely private capacity. That is important.   As you can see, the bill is really very narrow. It is constitutional,  and it does not infringe on State sovereignty. It is a bill that simply  ensures, as a matter of statutory law, that interracial and same-sex  marriages that were legal in the State in which they were performed  will be recognized if the couple moves to a different State.   I also want to address several points of criticism against the bill  and the significant efforts that we have made to address those through  a substitute amendment, which was written by all of us who have been  involved in this process but also a number of outside groups. This  amendment contains robust religious liberty protections. The amendment  was developed collaboratively, again, between us--as Tammy Baldwin is  here on the floor, Susan Collins, Thom Tillis, also Kyrsten Sinema-- also by listening to feedback and working extensively with many of our  Senate colleagues, with faith-based groups on the outside, and also  other stakeholders.   The first criticism that I heard was this bill does not sufficiently  protect people of faith. I disagree. I believe religious freedom is a  fundamental pillar of our constitutional order, and I am confident  nothing in this will limit the religious and constitutional protections  that exist under the First Amendment or any other Federal laws.   To further advance and protect our cherished religious freedoms,  however, our amendment contains four very important provisions. First,  it acknowledges that decent and honorable people who hold diverse views  about the role of gender in marriage and that such people and their  beliefs are due respect. This is very important to many of the  religious organizations we have dealt with who are strongly supporting  this legislation, to make the point that people can have different  points of view. We are going to respect that.   It also has a very important application to the lawsuits that people  are concerned about that might come up. In the Bob Jones case, as an  example, there was a notion that was different with regard to  interracial marriage. In this case, though, with regard to same-sex  marriage, again, we respect people have different points of view. It is  important to lay that out.   Secondly, it explicitly protects all existing religious liberty and  conscience protections under the First Amendment, any other  constitutional provisions, and Federal laws explicitly. I would argue  it already did that, but I think it is important to make it explicit.   Third, it guarantees that this bill cannot be used to target or deny  benefits, including tax-exempt status which is very important to a lot  of religious organizations; also, grants, contracts, educational  funding, licenses, and many others. Religious organizations helped us  to put this language in place just to ensure that this bill cannot be  used for that purpose.   Fourth, it ensures that nonprofit religious organizations, including  churches, mosques, synagogues, religious schools, and others, cannot be  required to provide facilities or goods or services for marriage  ceremonies or celebrations against their will.    These religious liberty provisions are very significant. Several  constitutional scholars, by the way, and advocates for religious  liberty, led by Professor Doug Laycock of the University of Virginia  Law School, have carefully analyzed this bill and sent us a letter  concluding that overall this legislation is ``an advance for religious  liberty.'' These are advocates, especially Laycock himself, who has  taken cases to the Supreme Court representing religious schools. He is  saying that this bill, on net, this bill actually increases religious  liberty. Numerous other important faith groups agree. The Reverend  Walter Kim, President of the National Association of Evangelicals  described this amendment, if it passes, as ``the first significant  bipartisan legislation in many years advancing religious freedom for  all, including for those who hold traditional views on marriage.'' In  other words, he is saying this legislation--forgetting the parts about  same-sex marriage, which are very important--but with regard to  religious liberty, it moves the ball forward, in his view, as the  President of the National Association of Evangelicals.   Another criticism of this bill is that it will be used to target  religious organizations by revoking their tax-exempt status under  Federal law. I don't see how this would be possible without even having  an amendment, but we wanted to clarify that. This bill does not require  anything that is not already required by the Supreme Court. However,  penalizing or targeting a private organization because of sincere views  on same-sex marriage would be a clear First Amendment violation. I am  confident the Court would not tolerate it. But to ensure that this bill  cannot be used to target or deny benefits to religious organizations,  our amendment explicitly prohibits it. The amendment specifies that  this legislation may not be used to deny or alter any ``benefit,  status, or right'' unrelated to marriage, period. This gives assurances  to people and organizations of faith that their tax-exempt status, tax  treatment, educational funding, licenses, and other benefits cannot be  affected by this legislation.   The third criticism I heard is that this bill legalized and  recognized polygamy. To address this, we put an explicit prohibition in  place, even though no State permits it, so there cannot be a  recognition of polygamous marriages, period.   As you can tell, we have worked hard to address concerns that have  been raised and to craft an amendment that provides robust, affirmative  protections of people of faith without diminishing the rights of  couples in same-sex marriages. This is very important.   President Hoogstra of the Council of Christian Colleges and  Universities, a group that is endorsing this legislation, observed this  amendment ``sends a strong bipartisan message to Congress, the  administration, and the public that LGBTQ rights can coexist with  religious freedom protections, and that the rights of both groups can  be advanced in a way that is prudent and practical.''   That is what is extraordinary about this bill. These two sometimes  viewed as competing interests are working together. But as she said, we  have shown here through this legislation that these rights can co- exist--religious freedom, on the one hand, LGBTQ on the other hand.   Achieving this kind of compromise could not have happened without  hard work, good faith, and bipartisan negotiation. I want to extend  specific thanks to the following groups who have worked with my  colleagues to develop this legislation, including the Church of Jesus  Christ of Latter-day Saints, also known as the Mormon Church; the  National Association of Evangelicals; the Seventh Day Adventist Church;  the Union of Orthodox Jewish Congregations of America; the Council for  Christian Colleges and Universities; the Center for Public Justice; the  AND Campaign; the Institutional Religious Freedom Alliance; and the 1st  Amendment Partnership.   It is my hope that, with the changes we talked about today and we  have all now agreed to, we can pass this legislation with the same kind  of overwhelming bipartisan majority we saw in the House of  Representatives, and,  [[Page S6723]]  therefore, settle this issue once and for all. Millions of American  couples, including many Ohioans, are counting on their elected  representatives in Congress to recognize and protect their marriage, to  give them the peace of mind to know that their marriage is, indeed,  protected and secure. We must not let them down.   I yield the floor.   