 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up  to 15 minutes and Senator Stabenow for 1 minute prior to the scheduled  rollcall votes.    Madam President, last Friday was a grim milestone. It  was the 100th day of the war in Ukraine--a war being waged by Russia  against an ally in a democratic country, Ukraine: a hundred days of  brutal, unrelenting rocket and missile attacks throughout Ukraine,  including attacks on a number of civilian targets like hospitals and  churches and apartment buildings, schools. Tens of thousands of  Ukrainian citizens and soldiers have been killed and entire cities have  been laid to rubble by the Russian barrages.   For the 14th straight week when the Senate has been in session during  this war, I come to the Senate floor again today to discuss the status  of this unprovoked and bloody invasion and to talk about what our role  as Americans ought to be.   First, it can never be emphasized enough that the people of Ukraine,  professional soldiers and civilians and volunteers alike, have  demonstrated courage, fortitude, and competence in beating all  expectations in their existential battle against the odds to preserve  their freedom and protect their homeland.   I am not surprised because I have seen the spirit and bravery of the  Ukrainian people firsthand. In my seven or eight or nine trips to  Ukraine, including meetings with Ukrainian troops on the line of  contact before this latest invasion, I have seen the Ukrainian spirit.  To have held off Russia this long demonstrates their strength and their  resiliency. But at this moment in time there is reason for concern too.   President Zelenskyy just said that Russia now controls 20 percent of  Ukraine's territory. Before the war started, Russia controlled just 7  percent of Ukraine, after its illegal annexation of the Crimean  Peninsula and the creation of a Russian-backed separatist government in  parts of the Donbas region in eastern Ukraine.   If you look at this map, you can see here what Russia took in 2014,  Crimea and part of the Donbas here, and look what they have now and  look at where the battles are occurring.   I made another trip to the region last week, and what I heard was  that thanks to the fierce Ukrainian resistance, Ukrainians have had  success in some parts of the country.   Remember, at one point Kyiv was under attack and there were Russian  troops coming down from Belarus. They have been repelled, so there have  been successes. There is no question about it. But Russia has now  consolidated its troops and its firepower in this area, in the south  and in the east, and they are making gains--incremental gains, but  gains nonetheless.   This is a crucial point in the war, and we have to redouble our  efforts and do that now to help Ukrainians defend themselves, to save  Ukrainian lives, and to push the Russian invasion back.   In my trip to the region last week, I also visited with U.S. troops  and commanders in Germany and with heads of government, military  leaders, and refugee coordinators in Romania and Moldova before  traveling to the United Kingdom, one of our staunchest allies. I thank  them for their support.   While I was in Moldova, I was able to cross the border into Ukraine,  where I met Ukrainian refugees leaving the country, but also Ukrainians  who were actually returning to Ukraine, as the place where they lived  in this part of Ukraine, closer to Kyiv, was relatively stable.   During my visits with the leaders of Moldova and Romania, I was able  to thank each of them for their support in Ukraine and to learn more  about what they need to be more effective partners in the region.   In Germany, visiting with the U.S.-European command, I received  detailed briefings on the state of the war in Ukraine, as well as what  the United States and our allies are doing to support Ukraine's brave  defenders with military assistance.   I also met with the senior Ukrainian liaison there from the Ukrainian  military who gave me his very frank assessment of the war and what  weapons his brothers-in-arms absolutely need to be able to continue  their fight. As I mentioned earlier, Russia's recent gains on the  eastern side of the country are cause for serious concern.   Russia's mainline effort, again, is here in the Donbas region. By all  accounts, the Ukrainians are making the Russians pay dearly for every  inch of territory, but they are taking territory, incrementally, and  the Ukrainians, both soldiers and civilians, are taking higher  casualties.   The primary reason is the Russian artillery has a longer range than  the artillery that the Ukrainians possess. They are able to strike  Ukrainian positions from safe distances where Ukrainian artillery  cannot reach them. This unlevel playing field in eastern Ukraine must  be addressed.   This is why I have been urging the administration and our allies to  immediately provide Ukraine with the weapons they are asking for to  allow them to have a fighting chance against the longer range Russian  artillery, specifically longer range advanced rocket artillery systems.  These systems which we have are superior or at least on par with the  Russian artillery in terms of distance, accuracy, reload speed, and  mobility and would help immediately to level the playing field for  Ukraine.   I spoke about the need for these weapons in my floor speech on May  24. I have tweeted about it, I think, six or seven times. Finally,  after weeks of urging that we listen to the Ukrainians and provide  these systems, I was very pleased that the administration announced  last Tuesday that they will  [[Page S2807]]  provide Ukraine with high-mobility artillery rocket systems or HIMARS.  But I am concerned not just by how long it took and continues to take  but by how long it will take to get these systems in place in Ukraine  while lives are being lost and Ukrainian territory is being taken.   Moreover, the best information that I have is that the administration  is only providing four of these HIMARS systems, which will have limited  impact on the battlefield. I hope I am wrong about that. I hope there  are more on the way. But that is the best information we have.   They are also only providing Ukraine with midrange missiles, meaning  that Ukrainian troops will need to fire closer to Russian positions and  put themselves at greater risk. That may be OK because that may be  comparable or maybe evenly slightly better than the Russian artillery,  but they are not getting the special, longer range missiles.   Lastly, we are being told it will take time to train Ukrainian  soldiers on how to operate this advanced system. All told, it will  take, we are told, roughly 2 weeks for these systems to arrive in- theater and for Ukrainian troops to be sufficiently trained on them. In  the meantime, Russia's brutal advance will proceed, and Ukrainian lives  will continue to be lost.   There is some good news on that front from another part of our allied  front. Just yesterday, the British announced that they will send  several multiple launch rocket systems to Ukraine, which is a larger  version of what we are sending. This is very important. I appreciate  what the UK is doing, and I also urge other allied countries that have  this longer range capacity to step up as well.   In addition, this week we learned that Spain is ready to send Leopard  battle tanks and anti-aircraft missiles to Ukraine. This is a big  change, and we appreciate the fact that the Spanish military support  has been increasing. They will also provide training for Ukrainian Army  officials and soldiers on the tanks, according to the report, which  cites government sources.   Also, in, Severodonetsk, the city the Russians were overrunning last  weekend, reports indicate that the Ukrainians have counterattacked and  are putting up a fierce resistance to Russia's assault.   This is this area right here.   Although the battle is far from over, the Ukrainians are, once again,  demonstrating their incredible bravery and resolve, showing the world  that despite being outgunned, they will not give up without a fight.   After my briefings in Germany, I traveled to Romania, where I met  with Prime Minister Ciuca, the Minister of Economy, State Secretary of  Foreign Affairs, members of Parliament, and officials and volunteers  involved with welcoming Ukrainian refugees.   America could ask for no better friend than Romania. Our interests  align on many issues, including energy security, defense spending, food  security, standing against Russian aggression, and blocking malign  Chinese investments in critical infrastructure. Our relationship is  strengthened by the Romanian community in the United States, including  in Ohio, where thousands trace their heritage back to that great  country.   Twenty percent of Romania's energy comes from nuclear energy, and the  country plans to boost that to 40 percent in coming years, with America  as their partner of choice. I urge the Biden administration to do more  to support Romania's embrace of nuclear energy, especially with regard  to the Export-Import Bank, working with American energy companies. As  their production increases, I hope that Romania can be become an energy  hub that can help wean its neighbors off Russian energy. Romania has  been smart. They have cut their ties with both Chinese nuclear energy  and telecommunications companies, fully recognizing the threat that  these companies pose. And unlike other countries in Europe, they are  not dependent on Russian energy.   Romania has also been creative in finding ways to help Ukraine export  its grain. This is a huge issue. We all know that Ukraine is a large  exporter, whether it is sunflower oil or whether it is corn or whether  it is wheat, but particularly with regard to wheat. So many poor  countries around the world depend on Ukrainian wheat.    This photograph, unfortunately, is of a bombing attack only about a  day and a half ago in the area of the Port of Odessa. And this is the  Russians exploding a bomb at a grain bin. So they are destroying wheat  and other grains that would be destined for poor countries in the  world. This is what is going on today in Ukraine.   There is something else that is very important, and that is the  ability of Ukraine to export this wheat that they do have in bins  around the country. I discussed this at length with Prime Minister  Ciuca of Romania. It is extremely important because he has the ability  to help with regard to a port in Romania to get some of this grain out  that would normally go out through Odessa, which has been mined and has  been--mined by the Russians.   So here we are. The Port of Constanta is here. This is Romania. This  is Ukraine. Here is the Port of Odessa. Over here is the Donbas, where  we were earlier.   This port is actually the largest port on the Black Sea. It is  difficult to get from Odessa to here, but in talking to the Prime  Minister, he has some great ideas on how to deal with this. With the  blockade of Odessa by Russia, there is an opportunity to use rail, to  use a canal system, and to use roads to get the grain to Constanta to  be able to export it.   I appreciate the fact the Romanians are willing to work us on that,  and it is incredibly important, again, not just to Ukraine and their  economy to have the ability to export, but it is also incredibly  important because the dire warnings of global food insecurity and price  spikes if this blockade continues concerns all of us. It certainly  concerns this Congress and this administration.   These poor countries in Africa depend on Ukrainian wheat to avoid  food shortages.   Romanian officials told me they intend to work with Ukraine in this  project, and I appreciate that.   Malign actors around the world, by the way, have used food as a  weapon over time. The Houthis in Yemen, Assad in Syria, and now Putin  in Russia.   President Putin recently suggested that he would only lift his  stranglehold on these ports, including Odessa, if the sanctions were  lifted on Russia.   Let me be clear. Food should never be used as leverage in  negotiations. Russia must lift its blockade immediately without any  conditions. Millions of lives depend on it. I would expect the  administration and allies, including Turkey, to be coming up with  contingency plans now, if they don't have them already, to ensure that  this wheat can be exported and other grains as well.   When it comes to the administration, President Biden has said  recently: ``There is going to have to be a negotiated settlement'' to  end this war.   I urge the administration not to talk about ceding ground in Ukraine.  This does not signal resolve or clarity; it signals weakness. It will  not help us break the blockade in the Black Sea, and it will not help  Ukraine win this war. We should be doing what we can with allies--short  of boots on the ground--helping the Ukrainians take back every inch of  territory that Russia has taken from them since 2014.   That is fair, just, and what Ukrainian officials themselves have been  calling for. Our allies in Eastern Europe know what is at stake here.  Romania is a great example. A staunch NATO ally, Romania is committed  to the military defense of the alliance and meets NATO's goal of  spending 2 percent of its GDP on defense. They actually told me when I  was there that they plan to raise it to 2.5 percent in the next few  years in response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine.   After Romania, I visited Moldova, where I met with Prime Minister  Gavrilita, the Minister of Internal Affairs, and various  parliamentarians. I was impressed with what I saw. As I told the Prime  Minister, Moldova is a small country that punches way above its weight.  Moldova has graciously accepted almost half a million Ukrainian  refugees through its border--more per capita than any other Nation.   Unfortunately, the war in Ukraine is far from over, and if Russia  continues to gain ground or opens up an assault on Odessa, which many  fear, it will send another massive wave of refugees westward into  Moldova.  [[Page S2808]]    While in Moldova, I traveled to Palanca, a border crossing that is  run jointly by Moldovan, Ukrainian, and EU Frontex border security  guards. While at the border, I had the opportunity to speak with  Ukrainians whose lives have been turned upside down by this war. Some  were leaving Moldova, some were coming back into Moldova, but they all  expressed to me their fears that Russia will gain ground and expand  their brutal assault to other parts of the country, including Odessa,  which is only about 30 miles away from where I was.   Now, as the war rages on and we cross 100 days of this brutal  invasion, I want to highlight another recent development. I have  mentioned on this floor many times the need for stronger sanctions  against Russia, particularly with regard to energy but also trade and  banking. In particular, I have pointed out that Europe sends Russia  roughly $870 million a day in gas and oil receipts that help fund the  Putin war machine.    So I was pleased that late last week the European Union took a  positive step in partially banning Russian oil into the EU.  Specifically, these phased-in sanctions will prohibit the import of  seaborne crude oil from Russia and petroleum products over the next 8  months. This phased-in embargo, I believe, along with countries like  Germany that stopped pipeline oil altogether, is expected to impact  approximately 90 percent of Russian oil imports into Europe by the end  of this year. Combined with the ban on coal imports that Russia has  agreed to earlier this year, which will take effect in August, Europe  is undoubtedly making progress in cutting off that nearly $1 billion  that goes to Russia to feed the war machine.   Even better, given the situation on the ground in Ukraine today,  would be a full embargo against all Russian energy immediately, as the  United States has done, but this is progress.   Given their greater dependence on Russian oil and gas, by the way,  Europe's energy independence from Russia will require a different kind  of leadership from the United States as we establish a new energy world  order.   Where the United States can help most is to get more energy on the  global market now to help backfill Russia's energy needs and stabilize  prices. Instead of looking to countries like Iran and Venezuela to  produce more energy, this administration should be pursuing policies to  expand our domestic oil and gas production as well as renewables,  nuclear, all of the above. And in the longer term for our national  security and that of our allies, the United States needs to take steps  to lead the world in developing and exporting the next-generation  energy technologies like advanced nuclear and hydrogen.   The reality is this: It shouldn't have taken a global energy crisis  for us to realize this. Before this administration took office,  concerns had been raised about the prospect about aggressive or  idealistic policies that threaten the reliability and security of our  energy supplies here in the United States. We need to act, and we need  to act now. Providing LNG to Europe is key to Europe being able to wean  themselves from Russian gas.   The fact is, we need to unleash American energy. We have the  resources here to help our friends and allies. We can help everyone so  that they don't need to take another dime and give it to Vladimir  Putin's war machine.   Right now, Ukrainians continue to suffer, and the world must not turn  a blind eye. According to the United Nations recently, nearly 7 million  Ukrainian refugees have fled the country since the war began, and  another 8 million Ukrainians are internally displaced. This invasion  has flattened beautiful cities in Ukraine, like Mariupol, where,  according to local officials, at least 22,000 residents have been  killed.   I will close with this. I have now come to this floor every week  since just before President Putin put this illegal and unprovoked  invasion upon the people of a democratic Ukraine, who just wanted to  live in peace with their neighbors--their neighbors, by the way,  including Russia.   Some have asked me why a Senator from Ohio should care about this  fighting in Ukraine, and I tell them every American should care. This  is a fight during our generation where democracy is on the line. Some  folks here may not agree with that; I understand. But Ukrainians get  it. They know what it is like to live under the thumb of an  authoritarian, of Russia, and they broke away from that and toward  democracy in 1991 and again, as we all saw, in 2014. I was in Ukraine  then in 2014 right after the Revolution of Dignity, where Ukrainians  decided for themselves that they wanted to turn to us and to Europe to  pursue a hopeful future of freedom and democracy. Now President Putin  is trying to extinguish that hope. We must not let him.   I am also motivated by the tens of thousands of Ukrainian-American  friends and constituents in my home State of Ohio, some of whom joined  me for an update last Friday, where I learned more about the amazing  Ohio volunteer efforts to help Ukraine.   But even if I didn't have one constituent of Ukrainian descent or  know a single Ukrainian, I would be on this floor condemning Russia's  atrocities.   As Russian forces target Ukrainian civilians, people from across the  globe are showing their support and encouragement for Ukrainians. In  Ohio, we have assured Ukrainians that America has their back.   At the Ohio State University, President Kristina Johnson participated  in a call with President Zelenskyy, and she said she asked him how Ohio  State could help. President Zelenskyy answered with: How about helping  to rebuild our cities that have been flattened? What did President  Johnson say? ``Count on us.'' That has been the consistent theme from  the Buckeye State--count on us. In fact, student organizations like the  Ukrainian Society and Desserts for Donations have held fundraisers  around the State selling buttons, pins, desserts--all of which have  been donated to the Revived Ukrainian Soldiers, a group that provides  medical and humanitarian aid.   I have listed before on this floor a dozen other great causes in Ohio  that have been helpful with regard to the humanitarian effort in  Ukraine. Ohioans get it. They know that America can't afford to stay on  the sidelines and be a spectator.   I commend the administration for the actions taken, but as I have  said before, we need to do more and more quickly. At this crucial time  in the battle, freedom and democracy are at stake and the ability for  countries to have their territorial integrity respected. America cannot  afford to be tentative. Instead, we must lead with allies in protecting  the post-World War II order. We are being watched by those allies, 41  of whom have joined us in helping Ukraine defend itself. But we are  also being watched by our adversaries who must see strength and  determination and willingness to lead.   I yield the floor.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Clara Smith,  an intern with Senator Boozman's staff, be granted floor privileges  until July 29, 2022.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Karen  Fletcher, a detail with Senator Boozman's staff, be granted floor  privileges for the remainder of this Congress.   