 Mr. President, last night, of course, we all listened to  President Biden's prime-time opportunity to explain what his  administration is doing to address the many challenges that our Nation  is facing.   Here at home, we know family budgets are being plundered by the worst  inflation in four decades. We are paying higher prices for everything  from food to gasoline. We also know that there have been spikes in  violent crime that have created public safety concerns in communities  across the country. After a year of hearing folks on the Democratic  side of the aisle, the progressive base of the Democratic Party,  calling for defunding the police, it was welcome to hear the President  say last night that we should fund the police. It is long overdue.   Of course, there is the humanitarian crisis at the southern border.  As I have said before, Texas has 1,200 miles of common border with  Mexico, and, of course, we have seen records shattered month after  month of people coming across the border, claiming asylum, and then  being placed by U.S. authorities into the interior of the United  States, given a notice to appear for a future court hearing, which, in  all likelihood, will never occur.   The human smugglers and drug cartels have figured out the weaknesses  in our own laws and policies, and they are exploiting them, to the  detriment of the American people.   On drugs alone, 100,000 Americans died of drug overdoses last year,  the overwhelming amount of which those drugs came across the southern  border into the United States. And the cartels are smart. They figured  out that if you flood the border with people, that is going to take the  Border Patrol off the frontlines, and here come the drug cartels moving  their poison across the border.   Of course, the trials we are facing now abroad are not any easier.  The precipitous withdrawal from Afghanistan without any kind of warning  or consultation with our NATO allies has caused the world to doubt the  future of American leadership, and then the Chinese Communist Party  over in the People's Republic of China continues to commit genocide  against the Uighurs and threaten attacks against a democratic Taiwan.   Of course, very much on our minds today is the fact that Vladimir  Putin is attempting to seize a sovereign nation and redraw the maps of  Europe and testing the resolve of the United States and other  democracies around the world.   I, of course, like many, attended the President's address last night  and listened closely as he spoke about each of these challenges,  beginning with the conflict--or I should say war--in Ukraine.   When it comes to Russia, our allies are not strong enough on their  own to deter Vladimir Putin or the Russian Federation. They are looking  to the United States as part of NATO--the North Atlantic Treaty  Organization--for leadership.   I was pleased to hear President Biden deliver a clear message to the  world that we stand with the democracy in Ukraine and we will do  everything we can to help the Ukrainians deter Putin and to defend  their country. The President said we will continue to send military,  economic, and humanitarian assistance to Ukraine, and it is clear that  there is bipartisan support for that. But the fact of the matter is,  most of our allies in Europe have been the ones who stepped up to the  threat--of course, it is in their neighborhood--and we could have but  did not impose sanctions before Putin invaded rather than after the  fact.   I was disappointed that the President did not speak about what is at  stake in Ukraine. It is something I talked about here on the floor a  few weeks back.   With so many challenges in our own backyard, it is easy for folks in  Texas or Colorado or New Jersey or anywhere else around the country to  wonder, why should I care about what is happening in Ukraine?   Americans want to know, what difference does a war or a military  conflict on the other side of the globe--what relevance does it have to  me, and if it is important, how can we best help?   Well, we know the answer to that question here in the House and the  Senate. We know that this conflict is key to preserving our rules-based  international order, that if Putin can get away with this, he can get  away with anything. If Putin gets away with this, President Xi is  waiting for his opportunity to unify Taiwan with mainland China. So  this is a global geopolitical crisis. We know China and Iran, as I  mentioned, and other adversaries are paying close attention.   If Texans want America to stay out of another world war, then we  better slam the door on Vladimir Putin now.  [[Page S927]]    President Biden had a window to remind the American people and our  allies around the world what is at stake in this conflict. Vladimir  Putin has even put his nuclear forces on active reserve. He is rattling  the nuclear sabre in order to threaten and intimidate NATO and the  United States and the rest of the world, but he is also finding an  incredible amount of courage and resilience and leadership by people  like President Zelenskyy in leading the courageous Ukrainian people in  their effort to resist this invasion.   So this is a very serious and very dangerous moment. Many of the  things that Vladimir Putin has done are eerily similar to what happened  in Nazi Germany in the late 1930s and 1940s.   On another topic, the President alluded to inflation last night, but  he didn't instill much confidence that he had a concept of what was at  stake or how to solve the problem. When he talked about his plan to  address inflation, he said we need to cut our expenses and overhead.  Well, I talked to some of the cotton producers in Texas last week when  I was home, and they told me that one of the biggest problems they have  are the increasing costs of their inputs, things like diesel and  energy, fertilizer, and the like. They don't have any room to cut their  overhead unless they go out of business entirely.   So the President did not inspire much confidence when it came to  dealing with the scourge of inflation. But one thing we can do is quit  making it worse by trying to continue to shovel more and more money out  the door, chasing fewer and fewer goods and services.   The President did try to recycle some of the elements of the Build  Back Better--or, as I like to call it, the ``Build Back Broke''--bill,  but that bill, that policy is dead and buried. The President couldn't  even get support among his own political party. But he did try to  rebrand it and respond to it in a way--rebrand it in a way that  appeared to deal with the concerns that everybody has about increasing  costs and inflation, but it just did not make any sense.   The President repeated the same line that has already been shot down  a number of times. He talked about raising taxes on the American  people, and he says no one earning $400,000 a year or less would pay a  penny more under his plan. But, of course, this is the same President  who said that the price of the $5 trillion Build Back Better bill was  zero. I think the President has lost a lot of credibility when it comes  to talking about taxes and spending.   Well, what the President talked about last night was really a laundry  list of his liberal agenda. This isn't a new plan. This is the same old  plan with a new name broken down into smaller pieces. None of this is  going to address what is confronting the American people today when it  comes to inflation or crime or the border or regaining America's  leadership and credibility in world affairs.   While I mention crime, when it comes to crime, the President did  affirm that defunding the police is not the answer.   I see our friend, the Senator from New Jersey, on the floor of the  Senate. I think he led an effort for us to have a vote on funding the  police rather than defunding the police.   Of course, this is a complete reversal from what we have heard from  many of the President's nominees, including those at the Department of  Justice--people like Vanita Gupta who for months, if not years, chanted  this mantra of defunding the police and criticizing the men and women  in law enforcement who are the thin blue line between us and chaos. But  there are some shining examples that I think the President could have  pointed to. One is Dallas, TX. It is a shining example of how  supporting our police both financially and with moral support and with  smart plans can make a difference.   In most major cities across the country today, crime is up in all  categories. In Dallas, TX, violent crime is down by 8.5 percent, and  that is no accident. It is thanks to the great leadership of Dallas's  mayor Eric Johnson and Chief Garcia, chief of the Dallas Police  Department.   I asked Chief Garcia yesterday in a hearing in front of the Senate  Judiciary Committee, I said: Is there any reason, Chief Garcia, that  the plan you implemented in Dallas couldn't work elsewhere around the  country? And he said: No, there is no reason.   Of course, every plan needs to be adapted to local conditions; but  what the Dallas Police Department and the city council and mayor have  done is something that can be replicated in other parts of the country.   Chief Garcia and other witnesses also testified to the importance of  Project Safe Neighborhoods, which is a Federal program designed to go  after gun criminals, particularly people who are felons in possession  or people who use firearms for carjacking, drug transactions, and the  like.   The fact of the matter is that Federal law with its mandatory minimum  sentences for using a firearm illegally in violation of Federal law is  a huge deterrent. And if you can't deter people from using firearms,  you certainly can lock them up for an extended period of time which, I  think, sends a strong message that this sort of activity will not be  tolerated and will deter future criminal activity.   So there is a lot we can do when it comes to crime. We can also make  sure that people who are suffering from mental health challenges aren't  diverted to jails and denied the treatment that they need that can help  them on the road to recovery. Those are the kinds of things that I wish  we could have heard more about from the President last night.   I was shocked when the President said we need immigration reform last  night. I have been in the Senate for quite a while now, a member of the  Judiciary Committee. I am the ranking member on the Immigration  Subcommittee. When my party has been in the majority, I have been the  chairman of the Immigration Subcommittee. For the President to say  immigration reform is something we ought to do struck me as a throwaway  line. And the reason I say that is because he has done nothing, zero,  zip, nada, to stop the flood of migrants across our southern border,  together with the illegal drugs that come right behind them.   I have tried to do my best on a bipartisan basis working with people  like Ms. Sinema, a border State Senator from Arizona, to come up with  some modest suggestions for the administration to deal with the crisis  at our border. Unfortunately, we have not heard a peep out of the  administration, at the same time that the President's poll numbers,  when it comes to border security and immigration, are in the cellar.  You would think that they would be looking for some sort of bipartisan  opportunity to register a win and make some progress, but that would be  wrong.   Well, I was hopeful that we would hear more about the President's  plan to work with Republicans in a 50-50 Senate to build consensus for  bipartisan solutions. Other than the bipartisan support for Ukraine, we  didn't hear much about that last night. What we heard was a long  laundry list of partisan legislation that has been tried and failed  during this last year.   The Biden administration needs to do more to address inflation in a  smart way--in an effective way. They need to do more to support our men  and women in uniform who are the thin blue line between us and  criminals; and they need to do something--anything--to address the  humanitarian crisis at the southern border.   I was hoping this could be a reset moment. You know, we all make  mistakes in life, but the real test is whether we learn from those  mistakes. But from the comments that the President made last night when  it comes to these failed policies, it appears that he has learned  nothing.   The American people elected a 50-50 Senate expecting to force us to  work together, and we should do that. We should put the tried-and-true  formula of building consensus and passing positive legislation to help  the American people. We should use that formula again. It just simply  blows my mind that the President and his party, with the prospect of an  evenly divided Congress, has tried to do so many things on a purely  partisan basis, and, as you might expect, has failed to do so when he  has been unable to unite even his own political party.   Well, we need a stronger and a safer and a more prosperous country.  As Governor Kim Reynolds said yesterday  [[Page S928]]  evening, we can't project strength abroad if we are weak at home. And  we can't support our allies, NATO, and our own military to deter  authoritarian thugs like Putin if our economy isn't strong here at home  as well.    So I continue to be an optimist and hope for the best, but last  night's message was not encouraging.   I yield the floor.   