 Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Pennsylvania for  yielding.   It is imperative that we defeat the previous question so that we can  bring up the American Energy Independence from Russia Act for immediate  consideration.   Mr. Speaker, last week, Vladimir Putin sent shock waves around the  world by launching a full-scale invasion of Ukraine. Though much of the  planet has rallied to support Ukraine in their heroic defense, Putin  has begun to use his most potent weapon to threaten Western  democracies. That weapon is dependence of much of the world on Russian  oil and gas.   Not even the United States is immune from this national security  threat. In 2021, according to the American Fuel and Petrochemical  Manufacturers, the United States imported an average of 209,000 barrels  of crude oil per day and 500,000 barrels per day of other petroleum  products from Russia. It is unconscionable that we are still this  reliant on imports from authoritarian countries like Russia. This  reliance on bad actors for our energy supply needs poses a clear and  present  [[Page H1191]]  danger to the security of the United States, just as it poses a threat  to the security of Western and Central Europe.   At any time, Vladimir Putin could choose to retaliate on the dozens  of countries that have imposed sanctions on him and his regime by  simply turning off the spigot. Gas prices in the United States would  undoubtedly increase, even more than they currently are, and much of  Europe will be plunged into the cold in the depths of winter. That is a  potent leverage for a dictator like Putin to have. We must counter this  by restoring America's energy independence and helping our friends and  allies to do the same.   Unfortunately, when President Biden took office, he immediately took  steps that ultimately harmed America's energy independence and made us  more reliant on foreign energy imports. That included his decision to  cancel the Keystone XL pipeline, which was expected to transport  830,000 barrels of oil every day, and his decision to impose a  moratorium on new oil and gas leasing on Federal lands, including my  home State of Oklahoma. President Biden's actions have made America  less energy secure and more vulnerable to foreign threats.   This is why we need the American Energy Independence from Russia Act  more than ever. This bill would immediately approve the Keystone XL  pipeline, would restart oil and gas leasing on Federal lands and  waters, and would expand liquid natural gas exports at a time when  Europe needs them the most. It would ensure an all-of-the-above energy  policy that paves the way for American energy independence, and it  would rightly end the ongoing vilification of America's oil and gas  industry.   Mr. Speaker, this bill is simply common sense. With one bill, we can  open up new sources of energy and reduce or eliminate imports of  foreign sources of energy. Above all, by advancing this bill, we can  improve the security of the United States, and weaken Vladimir Putin's  most potent weapon in one fell swoop.   