 Mr. President, Russia's brutal and unprovoked war of  choice against Ukraine has now reached its 5th month. But while  Vladimir Putin had hoped his war would divide the Atlantic alliance, it  has in fact brought us closer together. Today, the North Atlantic  Treaty Organization is stronger than ever, so strong in fact that new  states are being brought into the fold. I am proud to vote today in  favor of approving Finland and Sweden's entry into NATO. Their  membership at this moment is critical to countering Putin's threats to  global security--and especially to nearby, vulnerable nations. As I  have already stated publicly with the bipartisan members of the Senate  NATO Observer Group, Finland and Sweden are longstanding security and  economic partners who already share the collective values that guide  our alliance, and I welcome the addition of these two highly capable  countries--and the people of Finland and Sweden--to NATO. Their  decision to join NATO further reveals how Putin has made a huge  strategic blunder, further strengthening the bonds among democratic  nations determined to resist his authoritarian reach.   Ahead of this vote on adding Finland and Sweden to NATO, I would like  to address Senator Paul's amendment regarding article 5 of the North  Atlantic Treaty and the Constitution. Let's be perfectly clear: There  is no question that the protocols of any treaty do not--and cannot-- supersede the provisions of the U.S. Constitution. That premise has  governed U.S. foreign policy since our founding. And it is in keeping  with that long tradition of fidelity to the Constitution that I rise in  strong opposition to Senator Paul's  [[Page S3899]]  amendment. This amendment is unnecessary, and it ignores the ultimate  supremacy of the Constitution over foreign treaties. Not only that, but  this amendment even goes so far as to ignore the substance of the North  Atlantic Treaty itself. Article 11 of the treaty explains that ``its  provisions [shall be] carried out by the Parties in accordance with  their respective constitutional processes''--affirming the ultimate  supremacy of the U.S. Constitution in governing the actions of the  United States. Given these facts, it is clear that Senator Paul's  amendment, which would send the United States and the entire NATO  community down a dangerous and unprecedented path, is predicated on  faulty reasoning.   What is more, Senator Paul's amendment regarding article 5 and the  Constitution threatens to weaken the NATO Alliance itself. The article  5 provision outlining the collective defense obligations of NATO  members constitutes one of the central principles of the North Atlantic  Treaty. The core premise of article 5 is very simple: An attack against  one NATO country should be treated as an attack against all NATO  countries. The strength of the NATO alliance depends upon the shared  understanding of and respect for this special obligation by each and  every member state. But Senator Paul's amendment suggests that each  member state would be able to offer their own, differing interpretation  of article 5, opening the door to confusion, ambiguity, and potential  disorder among NATO members. Since the start of the NATO alliance, the  Senate has voted eight times to admit a total of 18 new members, and on  no such prior occasion was an understanding or reservation like this  added. To do so now would only raise doubts about the nature of our  article 5 commitment to Sweden and Finland.   For these reasons, I strongly urge the Senate to reject Senator  Paul's amendment.   