 Madam Speaker, I was leaving here when I met some of  your family members on swearing-in day, and I know there is probably  some proud chests stuck out and buttons busting everywhere, as my  granddad used to say. So we welcome you in this new role.   Madam Speaker, Biden's woke environmental agenda is forcing many of  my fellow East Tennesseans to pay more to heat their homes and to  commute to work. How have these high energy prices increased in  Tennessee over the last year, you may ask?   Gasoline costs $3.96 per gallon, a 35 percent increase--not as much  as California, but that is, hopefully, never within our range.   Residential natural gas costs $12.40 per thousand cubic feet, a 23  percent increase. This is just working folks trying to heat their  homes.   Electricity costs $10.27 per kilowatt hour; that is a 9 percent  increase.   Madam Speaker, these higher energy costs are an additional expense  for our businesses, too, and they are just going to pass it on to us.  That means that businesses must raise all their prices to offset the  increased energy rates. That is why this inflation is crippling our  economy under President Biden.   Some of these arrogant folks suggest Americans work from home or ``go  green'' to offset rising energy costs. Well, that disgusts me. That is  an all-time arrogant low for some of these folks. They must assume that  all my constituents have a job that allows them to work from home or  can afford an electric car or solar panels.   Madam Speaker, I have spent many an hour in factories around my  district, and those folks cannot work from home, and this country would  fall off the edges of the Earth if we did that. And there is a reason  that oil and natural gas and coal are preferred energy sources. They  are cheap and they are reliable, and we get them from homegrown energy.   Now, how do we fix this energy mess? We return to energy  independence, of course. It has been said many times, let's roll back  some of these environmental regulations. Let's turn the spigots back on  and let's lower the energy costs for the American people.   Madam Speaker, I thank Dr. Joyce for his more-than-lackluster attempt  at righting a horrible wrong, and I appreciate his leadership.   