 Would the gentleman yield?    And perhaps we can proceed in colloquy form.    Madam President, I thank my dear friend from Ohio, and I  see that we have been joined by my friend from Connecticut.   We did have a bipartisan American delegation in Poland and on the  Ukrainian border this weekend. I don't recommend, for tourism purposes,  a weekend trip to Eastern Europe and back. It is pretty hard on the  anatomy. But I think we flew the colors for the United States, for the  U.S. Senate, and made a bipartisan point.   And my colleagues can speak for themselves about exactly where they  come down on these issues, but it was clear from the statements we made  that the United States can do more and should be doing more.   And I call on the administration tonight to listen to the learned  words of the distinguished Senator from Ohio. Yes, I support the MiGs  from Poland and from other Eastern European countries. I think the  debate got awfully heightened. I don't know why we needed to have an  international discussion among allies about that rather than just do  it. And maybe that should be a lesson to us on other decisions, which I  hope we are about to make, but there are certainly other weapons that  we can facilitate in delivering.   Does it make any sense to say that smaller weapons delivered from the  United States are OK to fire against the Russian aggressors in Putin's  war, but more effective MiG aircraft from NATO somehow would be  escalatory?   Listen, our friends are in a war against the remaining dictator and  tyrant on the face of the Earth; and if we are not willing--as we are  not--to get involved directly in that war, yes, we ought to give our  friends the weapons they need to win.   Let me say this: I hear debate in the newspaper and on the media-- even today--about an off-ramp, what Putin would agree to, to simply  quit fighting: If we give him some of the territory that he thinks he  has already conquered, Ukraine would get to have part of their country,  and everything would be OK. It makes me feel like, somehow, I have been  transported to 1938 and 1939, hearing talk about what Adolf Hitler  might agree to, to avoid a world war.   Madam President, it is my understanding that the distinguished  majority leader has a unanimous consent request, and I am willing to  defer our debate at this point to accommodate some administrative  matters that need to be taken care of.    Absolutely.    Which is often.    Madam President, I thank the distinguished majority  leader for working with the distinguished minority leader and with  Senator Graham for bringing this important legislation to the floor  tonight.   It says what many of us have been saying for a long time and which I  wish the President of the United States, our Commander in Chief, would  explicitly say tonight or tomorrow: that Vladimir Putin is a serial war  criminal and that he should be investigated by the war crimes  authorities internationally, brought to justice, and made to pay not  only for his genocide and war crimes of the last 2\1/2\ weeks but also  for Aleppo and Grozny and the tens of thousands--tens of thousands--of  innocent civilians that he has killed by his desires out of some other  century to conquer his neighbors.   I was mentioning 1938 and 1939. When Hitler went into the  Sudetenland, he told naive Western governments: That will be the end of  it. If we get that, we will have peace in our time.   And some leaders of the allies were convinced that that was true.   Vladimir Putin hasn't even said he is going to stop with Ukraine. So  who in the world thinks that if he gets away with this, he will stop  there? I don't believe he will, and here is why: Not only Aleppo, not  only Grozny, but this is a man who, without question, poisons his  political opponents. When they leave the country to get medical  treatment, he causes them to be charged for breaking the terms of their  parole and puts them in prison. That is his political opponent, Mr.  Navalny, who had the temerity to be a candidate for President against  Mr. Putin.   We are talking about the Vladimir Putin who authorizes the  assassination of former members of the Russian Government because they  have the temerity to oppose him. We are talking about the very same  person in Vladimir Putin who jails persons for years and years who dare  to oppose him or disagree with him publicly, who invents enormous lies  and gets some people even in the West to believe it when he broadcasts  the enormous lies through his monopoly of the media.  [[Page S1187]]    This man can be stopped in this Ukrainian war, and we are going to  hear tomorrow morning from a courageous leader who has risen beyond the  expectations of so many people in the free world, President Zelenskyy,  and I intend to be there along with my colleagues wishing him the best.   I think I can say for our delegation that we might have nuances on  how these things can be done, but we are united on ideas, like getting  the Polish MiGs somehow into the hands of the Ukrainian fighter pilots  who can then use them to win the war, the equipment from other NATO  countries and European countries enhancing Ukraine's air defense, and  sending more troops to harden the borders and the eastern flank of our  NATO Allies.   I would say to the President of the United States: Mr. Biden, you  have been too risk averse, too late from time to time, from step to  step on all of the sanctions that we have needed, on the delivery of  weapons.   We brought the administration along, but they have been a day late or  a couple of days late or a week late. It is time for us to show  international leadership on this. Even today, almost 3 weeks into the  war, we have not yet dropped the full load of sanctions on Russia. We  need to do that, and I call on the President and the administration to  listen to those of us who were just in Eastern Europe.   History shows that weakness breeds war, instead of pacifying tyrants,  weakness emboldens tyrants like Vladimir Putin. The good news is that  with the help of NATO and Western arms, the Ukrainian military has  defied all expectations. The intelligence reports that we have heard on  the public media--this is nothing secret--was that in 3 or 4 days the  Ukrainian military would be overrun by this vast Russian military  behemoth.   That has not happened, in fact. These people, defending their  homeland, defending their country, through the leadership of President  Volodymyr Zelenskyy, have shown courage. They refuse to flee, and they  have rallied the American people and the entire world in a lesson of  leadership.   If President Zelenskyy survives until the morning, I will be cheering  him from Capitol Hill on his remarks, just as the British Parliament  did last week. This war is far from over. Suffering and dying refugees  will continue every day, and I call on President Biden to recognize  that Vladimir Putin is not simply at war with Ukraine, but they are at  war with the entire free world, and this is our best opportunity to  stop him. Our Baltic allies in NATO understand this. They know they can  be next on Putin's kill list.   Now is our moment to make sure this is the last time that Putin and  his band of war criminals invade a sovereign country. We watched it  happen with the Transnistria. We watched it happen with the Republic of  Georgia, in South Ossetia, and in Abkhazia. We watched it happen with  the Donbas and with Crimea.   It is time to stop Vladimir Putin's expansionism. We should be  enabling the Ukrainians to defend their own airspace, and we have not  yet done all we can do. We need to be creative, but we need to take  calculated risks because the future of the rules-based world order is  at stake.   Western deterrence has so far failed, and now Putin is thinking he  can succeed in shredding the rule book of the post-Cold War  international order. It is up to us, and it is up to our Commander In  Chief to restore faith in that order and to protect the free world.   And I am glad to be joined on the floor with my friend the  distinguished senior Senator from Connecticut and was honored to join  him and our other colleagues on the trip this last weekend to Eastern  Europe.    The Senator from Connecticut is correct to commend the  massive efforts to prevent the humanitarian suffering in Ukraine and in  Poland.   The dozens of nongovernmental organizations, such as the World Food  Kitchen, the USAID Agency, a part of our Federal Government, the World  Food Programme, the diplomatic corps, both of the United States and our  allies, and certainly our American military, the 82nd Airborne.   But let me conclude by making this profoundly important point: What  we have heard tonight on both sides of the aisle are bipartisan calls  for us to do more.   In this system that we have under our Constitution, we have one  Commander in Chief at a time, and we have heard from Democrats and  Republicans tonight on the floor of the U.S. Senate that we need to do  more. This administration needs to do more. This Commander in Chief can  do more and needs to do more to help this small country preserve their  freedom, to win against this war criminal and his unprovoked  aggression, and to preserve the international order that has governed  civilized nations for decades and decades.   I hope the administration is hearing the bipartisan message that we  bring back from our observations and that we are hearing from our  constituents.   I yield back to my dear friend from Ohio.   