 Mr. President, I, too, rise to thank Senator Toomey  for his distinguished public service. I first got to know Pat Toomey  back in 2011.   For those who have been around here a long time or at least a medium  amount of time, you may remember the budget impasse in 2011 between the  House and the Senate. At that time, there were constant threats of  government shutdowns. There was, of course, the issue of the debt  ceiling.   What finally happened was that a piece of legislation or an agreement  was reached that said: We are going to create what was then called a  supercommittee to try to work out some of these budget issues, and if  the supercommittee did not reach an agreement, then this Rube Goldberg  machine would take effect, providing automatic budget cuts both to  defense and nondefense spending.   Everybody agreed that having this automatic sequester take place  would not serve the best interests of the country and hoped that this  supercommittee would be able to come up with a solution.   Senator Toomey was new to the Senate then, but because of his great  expertise and because of the fact that he was trusted by Leader  McConnell, he was appointed as one of the very few people--about three  or four people from the Senate--to participate on the supercommittee,  and I was appointed by Speaker Pelosi to serve on the supercommittee.   We did not, in the end, succeed in reaching an agreement, but one of  the really good things that came out of that supercommittee from my  perspective was getting to know and work with Pat Toomey. We disagreed  on a lot of those issues, and, of course, ultimately the disagreements  in the supercommittee overwhelmed our ability to get to some kind of  yes. But what I learned during that process was, when you are talking  to Pat Toomey, you are talking to somebody who is incredibly  knowledgeable and presents his perspective very well.   You also found somebody who was trustworthy. Pat Toomey never said  anything in that process where he went back on his word. He was always  very clear about where he stood. Once he said he was for something, he  would stick with it, and if he was against it, you would know he was  against it.   You also knew he was someone you could trust in terms of confidence  because when you are in a situation like the supercommittee--and we  worked for weeks. It was a good-faith effort. We worked for weeks. But  you have to learn to trust each other because you are talking about  different proposals that ultimately would require a compromise, and we  all know that compromise can sometimes be very difficult and  politically charged.   So during that period of time, I recognized that Pat Toomey was  someone you could trust. Because of that, when I came to the U.S.  Senate, it was a great privilege to work with my by then friend Pat  Toomey on a range of issues.   Senator Toomey talked today about his passion and conviction for  expanding freedom. That passion extends to extending freedom to people  around the world. We were able to team up on a number of measures to  try to do exactly that. One was the Otto Warmbier BRINK Act, which was  legislation that has been passed into law to try to make sure that we  hold North Korea accountable for its nuclear program and also hold them  accountable on human rights. It is named after an American who was  mistreated in North Korea and then came home and died.    We worked on that legislation, and, again, it was always a back-and- forth. It was secondary sanctions legislation, which has now been used  by multiple administrations to apply sanctions to try to advance our  policies to try to denuclearize the Korean Peninsula and bring more  pressure on the North Korean regime.   In that same vein, we worked together on the Hong Kong Autonomy Act  after we saw China violate its commitments and agreements with respect  to Hong Kong. That empowered the executive branch to apply sanctions on  officials in China who were participating directly in depriving  citizens in Hong Kong of their freedom, and that legislation passed as  well.   Now, even in the closing days of this session, we are working  together with respect to our efforts to cut off Putin's bank account  that funds his war machine against Ukraine by backing up the Biden  administration and G7's proposal for the oil price cap, which many have  heard more about recently since this just took effect. We believe that  in order for it to be effective in the long term, we need to be sure we  have global compliance. To do that, that also should be backed up with  a measure to provide more teeth and the prospect of sanctions.   I just wanted to come to the floor to say that, Pat, it has been  great working with you on these issues. As others have said, we can  always disagree, but you know how to disagree agreeably. You know how  to argue your point in a respectful manner, and you have found common  ground wherever you could. I am grateful.   I said a few good words about Pat Toomey the other day that were  picked up in the Philadelphia Inquirer, and Pat said: You know, you  might have gotten yourself in trouble.   I said: I have probably gotten you in just as much trouble. Of  course, you are now stepping down after 12 distinguished years.   But that is the kind of trouble we should all be willing to get into,  working together for the good of the country and the people of our  States.   Pat, to you and Kris and your three children, as you leave here, we  give you all our very best wishes, and I know and I am confident you  will remain engaged in the public debate going forward. But you have  earned this departure from the United States Senate. Thank you for your  distinguished service to the people of Pennsylvania and to the people  of the United States of America. Godspeed.   