 Mr. Speaker, my great home State of  Louisiana is where the tignon laws originated. These laws mandated that  Black women of Louisiana cover their beautiful hair, making it illegal  to expose our hair. Imagine that.   All Americans should have the right to wear their hair that naturally  grows  [[Page H1165]]  out of their heads without fear. We, as Members of Congress, must act  to ban any discrimination against natural hair. Whether it is locs,  curls, braids, or twists, Black Americans have the right to exist as  their authentic selves and wear their natural hair with pride.   The CROWN Act would give and defend the right by prohibiting  discrimination on the basis of hair texture or hairstyle in employment,  education, and several other important spheres. This legislation has  been heavily vetted and has already been passed in several States.   I am proud to have authored in advance the CROWN Act as a member of  the Louisiana State Senate, but not complete the process before I was  elected to Congress. This is particularly special for me. For the  people of Louisiana and for people across the Nation, Federal action is  needed.   Studies show that 80 percent of Black women feel they have to change  their hairstyles to simply fit in to the workplace, that natural hair  is somehow unprofessional. This is unacceptable.   I am calling on this Chamber to do the right thing, that all elected  officials stand up and do what is right by the people of America. This  includes those who may not live in your district and those who have  different life experiences.   For the overwhelming majority of our country's existence, racial  discrimination in its various forms has been legal. Today, we can  continue to move this Nation forward.   Today, the House will vote to make discrimination based on hairstyles  a thing of the past and make our workplaces more inclusive and truly  free for people to express themselves.    Madam Speaker, this bill would, incredibly  and tragically, for the first time make lynching a Federal hate crime  in America.   Despite more than 200 attempts to pass antilynching legislation  through Congress over the past 120 years, lynching has never been  designated as a Federal crime.   And this isn't just a horror of the past. Unfortunately, we still see  these horrible instances. This is reality still today because murders  are prosecuted at the local level, this historical injustice meant that  99 percent of lynching perpetrators escaped punishment.   This bill is long overdue. Today I will be voting for Representative    Bobby Rush's antilynching bill to finally close this dark chapter of  our history. We cannot bring back Emmett Till or the thousands of  others whose precious lives were lost in the horrible acts of racial  terror, but passing this antilynching act is a historic step forward  justice and a signal that our Nation will finally reckon with this dark  chapter of our history.   