 Madam Speaker, I thank my friend, Mr. Wilson from South  Carolina, for his leadership on this effort. Of course, I have to thank  my good friend, our chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee,  Greg  Meeks, for his immense work for many weeks on trying to get this done  and done in the right way.   I rise in support of the Ukraine Democracy Defense Lend-Lease Act. We  have to thank two essential people for this concept. Winston Churchill  thought up the idea of lend-lease. He talked his essential partner in  the very special transatlantic relationship, FDR, Franklin Delano  Roosevelt, into this concept. Roosevelt sold it to the Congress, and it  is a real moment in history that we are back on this House floor  supporting lend-lease.   Congress came together to arm Britain in the face of the blitz by the  Nazis, but today, we find ourselves in a very similar situation with  Putin systematically bombing and shelling the peaceful villages and  cities of Ukraine, the Ukrainian people bravely defending their own  sovereign land in the face of evil.   When I was in Romania 2 weeks ago, the Prime Minister there described  their fighting spirit as: The Ukrainian people fight with lions'  hearts.   This bill will expedite the resources needed for Ukraine to defend  themselves against Russia's illegal, unwarranted, and brutal war in  Ukraine.   In every single meeting with our Ukrainian friends, parliamentarians,  ministers, citizens, and our own colleagues, the answer is: While they  appreciate the American response and the response of 30 other nations,  they need weapons, and they need them now.   In history, victory and defeat can come down to days and weeks, if  not hours. There have been too many delays already in getting Ukraine  the military equipment they need.   That is why I am pleased to see that we are enacting this  Churchillian idea, born in World War II, a strategy now that will set  the foundation for victory in this war and the President's authority to  get the weapons to the brave Ukrainians fighting for their own  independence and freedom.   Madam Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to support this bill.  I thank the Members who worked on it so diligently.   