 Madam Speaker, I thank Vice Chairman Johnson for hosting  this Special Order tonight and for allowing us to highlight the various  crises that are affecting our Nation today.   Last week, inflation hit a whopping 8.6 percent, the highest since  1981, and gas prices have soared to $5 a gallon nationwide for the  first time in history. In fact, just last week, for the first time in  my life, I paid more than $100 just to fill up the gas tank of my  pickup truck. As the good Speaker knows, if our own home State had not  temporarily suspended the gas tax in Georgia, it would have been $110  to fill up my pickup truck.   Consumer confidence has plunged to a record low, and I don't blame  them. Gas, groceries, utilities, common goods, they are all going up.  Month after month, the sticker shock continues to burden American  workers and families, with no end in sight.   Yet President Biden comically claims he is, and I quote, changing  people's lives. Well, I think he really is, but it is not changing for  the better. Dare I say the President's policies are actually ruining  people's lives, destroying the middle class, and dismantling our  economy. Our Nation is in full buyer's remorse.   The American people are increasingly fearful of a recession. What are  the Democrats here in Congress doing about it right now? As of late,  their focus has been prime time political hearings, aimed at smearing  President Trump and his supporters, as well as infringing on Americans'  constitutional right to keep and bear arms.    Not to mention, earlier this afternoon, the Subcommittee on Economic  and Consumer Policy of the Committee on Oversight and Reform held our  very first hearing in 2022. The subject? Investigating tick and flea  collars. I just can't make this stuff up. It was not Jimmy Carter-era  inflation. It didn't make the cut.   And then we have the news reports from this morning that suggest some  of my Democrat colleagues are focused on instituting gender-neutral  bathrooms throughout Capitol Hill.   What in the world is going on? I can assure my Democrat colleagues  that my constituents in Georgia's Ninth District are far more concerned  about putting food on the table and filling their gas tanks than any of  the liberal nonsense that this body is so fixated on.  [[Page H5602]]    Democrats' severely misguided priorities are a disgrace, but maybe  they are actually intended to be a distraction because tackling  inflation head-on would require Democrats and President Biden to face  the undeniable reality that their Big Government, socialist agenda  caused this mess in the first place.   The American people deserve better, period. Congress must refocus its  attention on implementing effective solutions in order to get our  economy and our country back on track, just like it was under President  Trump's leadership.   