 Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairwoman DeLauro, Ranking  Member Granger, and all of the Members of the Appropriations Committee  for their hard work to bring this bipartisan legislation together.   I want to highlight several important inclusions in this package that  are noteworthy and that reflect our Majority's commitment to governing  responsibly For the People.   First, this legislation includes a robust, emergency aid package to  help the Ukrainian people and their military fight back against  Vladimir Putin's criminal invasion, defend their freedom and their  democracy, and address the humanitarian crisis resulting from this  unprovoked attack while strengthening NATO's deterrence and defense.   Second, this package will provide strong funding for the essential  safety-net programs that enable Americans to make better lives for  themselves and their families and keep millions of Americans from  falling into poverty.   I am particularly pleased that a number of key priorities for which I  have been advocating were included in this package.   Among them is a 21 percent increase in office budgets to make  allowance for competitive pay for our staff here on Capitol Hill. This  will enable us to recruit and retain the best and brightest to help us  serve the American people and better reflect our nation's diversity.   I am also glad that this bill funds the Department of Education's  Full-Service, Community Schools program at $75 million.   We were able to come together as well to reauthorize the Violence  Against Women Act, which the House passed last year.   Additionally, this omnibus includes $95 million for the Election  Assistance Commission (EAC) and election grants to help states improve  their voting systems.   Last summer, I offered--and the House adopted--a Floor amendment to  the House's Financial Services and General Government title directing  the EAC to set aside $4 million for the purpose of administering the  program that encourages college students to volunteer as poll workers  in their communities--a program created under my Help America Vote Act  legislation in 2002. As this bill heads to the President's desk, it is  my expectation that the EAC will allocate this funding to that program  as directed.   I also want to thank appropriators for including language to direct  the GSA to move forward expeditiously with the selection of a site for  a new consolidated FBI headquarters at one of the three locations  previously identified in Maryland or Virginia. This project has now  been ongoing for fourteen years and needs to be concluded, and the  decision to move forward needs to be made within six months.   This omnibus reauthorizes our intelligence programs as well, and it  funds the replenishment and enhancement of Israel's Iron Dome missile  defense system. Furthermore, it includes Rep. Brad Schneider's  legislation directing the State Department to continue expanding and  deepening the Abraham Accords and promoting the normalization of  relations between Arab states and Israel.   Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Members as well for their efforts to  identify and support requests for community project funding, which is  back this year under strict rules to protect the process and ensure  that it is ethical, transparent, and accountable. Members know our  districts better than those working in the executive branch, which is  why this facet of the appropriations process, derived from Congress's  constitutional power of the purse, has always been very important and  beneficial to our communities.   This is an omnibus that all of us can be proud to support. I urge my  colleagues to join me in voting for this legislation, and I hope the  Senate will approve it swiftly as well so that President Biden can sign  it without delay.   