 Mr. Speaker, the Smith-Norcross amendment to  the Fiscal Year 2023 NDAA directs the Army Corps of Engineers to ensure  high-quality workmanship on federal construction projects by providing  each of their districts with clarifying, uniform guidance and to  enforce compliance more strongly with already existing laws--especially  the Davis-Bacon Act--that mandate proper worker classification and the  corresponding wages.   Additionally, it requires the Corps to investigate worker  classification complaints and third-party related complaints within 30  days of filings and reaffirms transparency and disclosure requirements  for certified payroll reports.   For years, we have witnessed disingenuous contractors purposely hire  underqualified workers for military construction projects and put them  in high-skilled jobs for which they lack the needed expertise--a  practice known as ``worker misclassification''. These contractors  dishonestly undercut their more skilled, better-value competitors, only  to have those important projects mismanaged, understaffed, delayed,  unfinished, and in some cases, rebid--then properly redone by high- skilled tradesmen and women who should have gotten the job in the first  place.   There are two different types of misclassification: craft  misclassification and independent contractor misclassification. Craft  misclassification occurs when dishonest contractors misclassify high- skilled workers as general laborers or lower wage classifications in  order to avoid paying the higher prevailing wage rate applicable to the  high-skilled work actually performed. Independent contractor  misclassification occurs when contractors misclassify employees as  independent contractors to avoid paying prevailing wages thereby  reducing labor costs and avoiding state and federal taxes.   These practices deny workers of their rights to critical benefits and  protections, including  [[Page H6583]]  prevailing wages, worker's compensation, and unemployment insurance;  and communities suffer because misclassification results in lower tax  revenues for federal, state, and local governments.   Additionally, the end product is often compromised by shoddy  workmanship which can lead to do-overs and substantial cost overruns.   Congress has passed laws to prevent such problems and punish the  offenders. The Davis-Bacon Act is critical in this effort as it  requires contractors working on certain federally funded construction  projects to pay their workers a prevailing wage to ensure that our  federal projects are completed by skilled workers who have been  properly trained, classified, and paid according to their expertise and  locality. The Act stands as a check and balance designed to protect  employees from low-wage, low-bidding contractors who look to do the job  cheaply while hurting the workers and the client, i.e. the federal  taxpayer.   When it comes to domestic construction projects, the Army Corps of  Engineers procures more than most divisions of the Department of  Defense. As recently as 2019, the Corps obligated over $11 billion for  domestic construction contracts, according to the Government  Accountability Office (GAO)--the federal government's ``watchdog''  agency.   Each federal agency is primarily responsible for enforcing the Davis- Bacon protections at its construction worksites. The Army Corps has a  lot of construction projects and federal construction monies to  properly oversee. Unfortunately, federal construction projects in my  district, including Army Corps projects at Joint Base McGuire-Dix- Lakehurst--have fallen short in oversight and compliance and have run  into trouble with unqualified, subpar bidders who avoid hiring needed  skilled workers. We have seen cases of sophisticated work--HVAC,  plumbing and sheet metal--needing to be ripped up and redone after the  irresponsible bidders failed to properly do the work.   To combat this persistent problem and ensure these important laws are  being enforced, in 2019, Congress passed an amendment I authored,  cosponsored by Congressman Norcross, to the 2020 NDAA directing the GAO  to study the contracting practices of the Corps with a focus on the  monitoring and enforcement of the Davis-Bacon Act.   The GAO conducted its audit from May 2020 to March 2021 examining  Corps guidance, relevant documents about the Davis-Bacon Act,  Department of Labor guidance and other relevant laws and regulations.  They conducted semi-structured interviews in four Army Corps district  offices--Louisville, New Orleans, New York and Walla Walla--based on  the district's activities and representing ``various geographical areas  in the U.S. and a mixture of volume and type of construction contracts  (e.g. military and civil projects)''. They interviewed Corps  headquarters officials, DOL officials and four external groups  including two labor unions and two trade associations.   The GAO said that ``monitoring, including payroll reviews and on-site  inspections, are key to ensuring that the Corps enforces contractor's  compliance with the Davis-Bacon Act''.   But the report also described implementation inconsistencies across  the various districts that can easily lead to gaps in compliance with  Davis-Bacon.   The GAO concluded that aspects of the reviews and on-site inspections  ``may not be sufficient.'' They found that ``Corps documents lack  information'' and said that ``In the absence of directions to  consistently document on-the-ground conditions, like the number of  employees on site'' district officials ``may not be fully using on-site  inspection to ensure contractors' compliance with the [Davis-Bacon]  Act.''   Ultimately, the GAO recommended that the Army Corps provide  clarifying information on how they conduct payroll reviews and document  on-site inspections to ensure the proper monitoring of the number of  workers and work performed.   More work remains to be done to implement these recommendations and  crack down on this harmful practice.   Today's amendment addresses those problems and instructs the Corps'  to fully comply with relevant federal laws and regulations for:  building quality facilities--labs, hangars, housing, and workspaces-- for our military men and women; providing an honest wage for  construction workers; and providing the best investment for the  taxpayer.   Mr. Speaker, working with partners such as the AFL-CIO, North  America's Building Trades Unions, New Jersey trades like the IBEW and  the Plumbers and Pipefitters, and my friend, Congressman Norcross, we  can finally ensure that military construction is done with the best  possible workmanship, that we make best use of the hardworking  Americans' taxpayer dollars, and that the men and women who work with  our military are treated fairly.    