 So as others have said--and this is the  language that struck me--when this matter was in committee, before it  failed under suspension of the rules here, for good reason, this  paragraph struck me.   According to the Federal Emergency Management Agency, ``imminent  threat alerts include natural or human-made disasters, extreme weather,  active shooters, and other threatening emergencies that are current or  emerging.'' So the existing IPAWS system explicitly covers this issue,  which again, takes you back to, then, what this debate has materialized  as.   The soon-to-retire gentleman from Michigan on the Republican side  recited an event in North Carolina where Little League teams withdrew  from a tournament because they heard shots. The police in Wilson say  that they had no evidence that there was an active shooter involved.   That incident had nothing to do with what we are talking about today,  and yet, the gentleman from Michigan offered it in support of this  bill.   The gentleman from Illinois or the gentleman who just spoke about the  Highland Park shooting in Illinois--by the way, according to the wisdom  of the majority and some Republican Senators, we passed support for red  flag laws--well, Illinois has a red flag law. That person had been  implicated in all circumstances that a red flag law ought to respond  to. It didn't work.   We have been doing gun control since 1968. Are you satisfied with the  trajectory? Does it salve your conscience to speak in a loud voice  about how outraged you are and do something else that has no capacity  to solve the problem?   Because you refuse to grapple with the problem. I have said that all  along. I am going to continue to say it. It is not the prevalence of  guns. It is but for causation, ladies and gentlemen.   We have always had guns in ample supply across this country. Always.  But until the 1960s, you never heard of a mass shooting, and they have  increased at a rapid rate in recent years. So it is not the guns that  have changed.   Let's look at what may have changed. We have changed the culture.  Could that be it? Could that be the reason that some reckless idiot in  an automobile leaving the area of that Little League tournament was  engaged in gun play, firing off a weapon? That never would have  happened at an earlier time in this country.   The same political forces that tried to change the culture and  succeeded is the side that wants to eliminate gun rights as the answer  to a problem they have created.    So we see it over and over and over  again. Accountability would require you to point to the success of your  actions. You have engaged in--Mr. Massie detailed them--bill after bill  after bill after bill, slowly eroding people's gun rights away.   Yet, the problems that you have caused get worse every year. They get  worse every year in the cities that you control.   Let's grapple with the problem, and let's stop the alarmism and the  stigmatizing and the fearmongering that you believe to substitute for  policy. It does not.   