 Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Madam President, I come to the Senate floor today to  once again talk about the crisis in Ukraine and what we can do here to  help.   Night has fallen in Ukraine and in Kyiv, Kharkiv, and other cities  and towns. All through Ukraine, the bombing continues, the  bombardment--artillery shells, missiles. Thousands of innocent  Ukrainians have already lost their lives. We cannot let this stand. We  need to work with our allies to stop these atrocities.   By the way, all over the country, people are standing up and speaking  out.   A week ago Sunday, I was in Ohio with a thousand people--mostly  Ukrainians, Americans of Ukrainian descent, but also people from  everyplace: Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Slovenia, and so many other  countries, and people who have been Americans for generations--who were  standing together to say: This cannot stand. We had a prayer vigil and  a demonstration. The prayer vigil was in a huge church, but it was an  overflow crowd pouring out into the streets.   Yesterday, I came to Washington to join such a rally. It was in front  of the White House, and again it included so many Ukrainians, including  from Ohio, but so many others as well. The rallying cry was: We are all  Ukrainians today because we all believe in democracy and freedom and  the right for a country to chart its own course and for people to be  independent and free. We had rabbis there; we had ministers there; we  had clergy there from four or five different denominations--again,  praying for the people of Ukraine.   We were all standing together, hoping that through joint action, we  can help during these dark days for the people of Ukraine. We prayed  for protection for those in harm's way, of course. We prayed for the  courageous Ukrainian troops, some of whom are civilian soldiers who  have just joined the armed forces for the first time. Some are seasoned  professional soldiers, and we prayed for their protection--all of them.   We asked for God's wisdom and blessing on the duly-elected Government  of Ukraine--again, duly-elected. We prayed for strength and resolve for  President Zelenskyy and for his protection. He has been amazing. He has  been resolute and courageous, and he has shown the Ukrainian people  that the way forward was just to stand up to these barbarous acts.   If you care about America, you should care about Ukraine. Every  freedom-loving country should care because in Ukraine today is where  the fight for freedom is being waged. It is not just about Ukraine; it  is also about the rest of the countries in Eastern Europe, of course-- Latvia, Estonia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Hungary, those countries.  But it is also about the entire world, isn't it? It is about, can an  authoritarian government step into a free, independent government and  take over territory and kill its citizens?   By the way, Ukraine wants nothing but to live in peace. They are not  looking to attack anybody. They just want to be able to lead a life  where they can, in peace, pursue their dreams.   Just today, during the negotiations between the Ukrainian Government  and the Russian Government, the Russian Federation, the Russians said  that they would only allow humanitarian corridors to go from these  cities that they are bombing, where they are killing civilians--they  would only allow humanitarian corridors to go into Russia or into  Belarus. Think about that for a minute. Innocent Ukrainian women and  children who are fleeing the violence savagely and illegally brought on  by Belarus and by Russia  [[Page S1004]]  are told: You can leave, but you will be forced to go to the land of  your enemies. You are forced to go only to Belarus or Russia, the  countries that are killing you and your family.   That doesn't sound like peace talks to me.   There have been numerous recorded war crimes in this assault on  Ukraine. One is the way they are dealing with these civilians,  obviously. President Putin and his generals and his officials must be  held accountable. The Russian Federation's deliberate targeting of  civilians is the most obvious example, but there are so many--the  bombing of a nuclear powerplant.   It is now documented that yesterday--yesterday and into this  morning--Russians shelled Ukrainian citizens who were fleeing the siege  of Mariupol while they were transiting through a negotiated  humanitarian withdrawal corridor--a corridor that was established for  them to escape. They were shelled by Russian combat forces--civilians-- because Russians did not keep their word to allow for a humanitarian  escape corridor in the besieged southern port city of Mariupol.  Hundreds of thousands of people remain trapped without food and water,  under regular bombardments.   Again, this is a tragedy on a scale difficult to comprehend. That is  why it is so important to show our support with actions, not just  words.   A number of my colleagues and I spoke to President Zelenskyy this  weekend. It was emotional, and it was inspiring. He pleaded for our  assistance to help his people, and he told us he needs defensive  weaponry, like fighter planes and drones, desperately.   After the call, I led a bipartisan letter to President Biden with my  colleague from New Hampshire, Senator Jeanne Shaheen. We repeated what  we had called for over the last several days, which is to help Ukraine  be able to get what they need, which is more air power.   Our Eastern European allies, including Poland, Bulgaria, and  Slovakia, have older, Soviet-era aircraft, such as the MiG-29 and the  Su-25, that they are willing to provide to Ukraine, but they would like  to have an agreement with the United States that they can backfill over  time by purchasing advanced fighters, such as F-16s.   By the way, the Poles, as an example, already have F-16s, but they  already have these older MiGs that they are willing to provide.   This seems like a win-win for everybody--for Ukraine certainly but  also for Poland to improve their defensive posture in the wake of what  is going on in Ukraine.   The Soviet aircraft are compatible with the Ukrainian Air Force.  Their pilots have the requisite training to operate them.   Again, we have been told they are willing to donate these aircraft  when they are provided these assurances and a roadmap, that they will  be allowed to purchase more advanced aircraft over time.   Let's make this happen. Let's not say we have to go through a long,  bureaucratic process. Let's be creative here. They need these planes  now. They needed them yesterday. This will help to stop some of the  atrocities we talked about. Think of that column, miles and miles of  armored vehicles and tanks heading towards Kyiv to kill more civilians.  Some airpower would be very helpful right now.   And there are other capabilities such as communications gear, drones  that can provide intelligence and surveillance and ammunition, all of  it should be moving quickly into Ukraine. And I applaud the  administration for what they have done, but we have got to do more.   We have all seen these horrible images on our television sets,  families torn apart, the ravages of a needless war, the deliberate  intentional targeting of civilians by rockets, even cluster munitions.   By providing lethal and humanitarian assistance to Ukraine, the U.S.  sends a strong message: We stand for freedom, and we stand with  freedom-loving countries.   I commend the administration for some of the steps they have taken,  as I say, but we have got to do more.   I appreciate that we have sanctioned Russian banks, Russian elites,  placed limits on high-tech commerce, Russia's ability to do business in  dollars. That is all good. The Treasury Department has imposed  sanctions on economic measures to target the core infrastructure of  Russia and more than 50 percent of the total banking system of Russia,  which will have devastating economic effects over time.   But let's put all the banks into that system. Let's do everything we  can to tighten the noose on the Putin economy.   Some have asked me: Why does what is happening in Ukraine matter? I  was home this weekend, and a lot of positive response, but people were  also saying: Ukraine is a long way away, why does it matter so much?   I would say that this is where, in our generation, in our time, the  cause of freedom is being defended. This is where, in our generation,  in our time, we must protect those who wish to chart their own course,  protect their sovereign independent country. And this is where we are  being tested--not just the United States, but our allies and all  freedom-loving people around the world.   When the people of Ukraine chose to get rid of a corrupt Russian- backed government 8 years ago--for a second time, by the way--they  chose freedom over tyranny. They chose democracy over authoritarianism.  They chose to ensure that the people of Ukraine would have the ability  to be free and independent. That is what we freedom-loving countries of  the world proclaim every day.   Now is the time not to shirk our responsibilities, but to step  forward and help any way we can shoulder to shoulder with the people of  Ukraine.   They are defending their homeland fiercely. They have already denied  President Putin his early goals. He has severely underestimated the  power of freedom and the power of the Ukrainian people; there is no  question about that. But in Congress, we can and should do more. And  the international community must do more to hold Russia accountable.   I say to the Russian commanders in the field and to the officials in  Moscow: There is another choice. Stop this atrocity. Refuse the orders  to kill innocent neighbors. Stop this atrocity that has already taken  the lives of thousands of innocent civilians--men, women, and  children--who want nothing other than to live in peace.   I say to those commanders and these officials: The world is watching.  The war crimes are being recorded. You have a choice.   Here in Congress, we can do more to tighten the sanctions. We can do  more to provide more military assistance to Ukraine. There is  bipartisan agreement on so much of this, including the need to cut off  the funding that is going to the Putin economy and his war machine. One  example of this, but one important one, is not to buy Russian oil and  send blood money to Russia. Why would we be importing Russian oil,  sending Russia $40, $50 million a day? That makes no sense.   Let's use our natural resources here in North America. We have the  resources here. We should not be dependent on the Russian oil. We  should not be sending them this blood money.   By the way, there is bipartisan agreement on this. Last week, I  joined legislation with Republicans and Democrats alike, equal number,  with Senator Murkowski and Senator Manchin, to do just that.   We need to stop all Russian banks from their access to the  international banking system--not some; all. I commend the  administration's sanctioning of Russian oligarchs and wealthy citizens,  but we need to do more. We need to move from freezing assets to seizing  assets. We can do that. Other countries have done it. By the way,  Germany has done it. France has done it. We should be out front as  Americans and not just freezing but seizing. By the way, those assets  that we seize should go to the people of Ukraine to help with the  humanitarian effort that is underway.   Right now, our friends in Ukraine need our help. Right now.  Immediately. Yesterday. They can't wait. We have an emergency  supplemental bill we are working on here in Congress. Let's get it  done. Let's do it outside of the omnibus or the CR or anything else. We  know what needs to be done. Let's not wait. Let's not dither. The  shells are flying tonight, raining upon the cities of Ukraine and its  people.  [[Page S1005]]    We cannot let this call to action go unanswered. We cannot let the  Ukrainian people continue to be at the mercy of a tyrannical dictator.  We cannot sit by and watch as innocent civilians are being killed. In  the West, in America, we must stand up--all of us--for freedom. The  world is watching. Our allies are watching. Our adversaries are  watching.   We must show the world that America does stand for freedom, and we  stand with Ukraine.   God bless Ukraine. Or as the Ukrainian people say: Glory to Ukraine,  glory to the heroes. Slava Ukraini, heroyam slava.   I yield the floor.    Madam President, I am here on the floor today to talk  about Postal Service reform. We have another vote this afternoon.   And this is incredibly important to the people I represent and whom  all of us represent. It is important because the Postal Service is  something people depend on for so much. This legislation we are talking  about has been in the works for years. It is a bill to try to save the  post office from insolvency. And if we don't act on this, I believe in  the next few years we will be back here with a big bailout for the  Postal Service because they are having a tough time financially.   The combination of this legislation that we will pass and some  internal reforms that the post office is making should be enough to get  the post office back on track.   The Postal Service has a Postmaster General right now who is  absolutely committed to that--making the post office more effective,  more efficient--but he needs a little breathing room, as he says, and  that is what we are doing here in Congress. It doesn't cost the  taxpayer anything. By the way, if we don't do this, in a few years, it  would cost the taxpayers a lot in terms of a bailout, and I am afraid  it would happen.   The post office, again, is so important. It is definitely worth  saving. Our country is pretty divided right now--let's be honest--but  one enduring reality about our country is that we have a post office  that ties us all together, and everybody depends on that post office.   By the way, it has been that way for a long time. In 1775, 3 months  after the battles of Lexington and Concord--so this is 1775, before the  Revolution was finalized in 1776. During that time, the delegates to  the Second Continental Congress appointed Benjamin Franklin as the  Postmaster General. And why was this so important? Franklin was one of  the Founding Fathers, and this was considered to be a really crucial  post because the new Postal Service offered a way for the colonists to  talk to each other, to communicate, for Revolutionary leaders to be  able to strategize with each other outside of the official British  channels.    So the post office has that rich history, and it continues to bind us  today. In Ohio, it ensures that veterans get their medications that  they get through the mail. And believe me, that is important to them,  to get it on time.   It allows for absentee voters. In Ohio we have no-fault absentee. We  have had it for years. It works well, but it requires the post office  to do its job and obviously to not just deliver the absentee forms but  to get the ballots in on time.   It is also crucial for people to get their rent checks in or to be  sure that they get their utility bill on time. It is for people's  financial statements from their banks. But, also, the post office still  delivers birthday cards, thank-you notes, and personal letters that  strengthen the bonds of family and friendship. So our Postal Service  binds us together at a time when we are increasingly polarized.   Let's talk about what this particular legislation does. How does it  save the post office? First, very simply, the bill makes sure the post  office is going to be on a strong footing for the future by relieving  the Postal Service of an obligation that virtually nobody else has-- nobody in the Federal Government--which is to prefund retiree health  benefits.   Now, if you are in a private company and you are listening to this, I  am almost sure you don't prefund your retirement healthcare benefits.  People don't do that. In the Federal Government, we don't do that. We  don't do it here in Congress. Yet the post office has that obligation.   This would allow the post office, by getting out from under that  obligation, to reconcile its books more accurately and to focus on  immediate obligations. They should focus on those immediate obligations  but not the prefunding.   Second, this bill requires postal employees who retire in the future  to enroll in Medicare Part B and Part D. So hospitalization, Part A,  people are already signed up for that--everybody is. But for Part B and  Part D--doctors' visits, prescription drugs--about 25 percent of the  people who work for the post office are not signed up for that. And by  putting that 25 percent into there, it helps to save a lot of money for  the post office and the taxpayers. Taxpayers will save about $1.5  billion based on this legislation, and a lot of it is because of that  change. The employee health benefit plan that they would otherwise be  in is a more generous plan, and that is how you get those savings.   Third, the bill requires the post office to maintain its current  standard of 6-day delivery. That is important to a lot of my  constituents, particularly in the rural areas--they like getting their  mail--and to do it through an integrated delivery system of mail and  packages together. That, of course, makes sense. You don't want  separate systems going out for packages and for mail. That is what they  do now, so this is really just restating the status quo, and that is  very important. For some of the private-sector companies that provide  delivery services, they want to know that this is just the status quo;  we are not talking about any changes.   Both sides of the aisle have talked to me about this 6-day delivery.  I know that wherever people have a rural area in their State, this is  particularly important. It ensures that people are going to receive  their medications, their checks, their correspondence on a timely and  predictable basis.   So this bill shores up the post office, and it does it in a way that  actually saves money. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office  estimates, as I said, this legislation will save taxpayers $1.5  billion, so it doesn't cost taxpayers anything. It is not the  appropriation of more money, but over 10 years it saves that money.   CBO, the Congressional Budget Office, which is the nonpartisan body  up here that looks at the economic impact of legislation, has told us  recently that this bill will not affect the solvency of the Medicare  Hospital Insurance Trust Fund. That is the trust fund we talk about a  lot here that we are concerned that it is going to become insolvent in  only a short number of years and that that is going to cause problems  for Medicare. That trust fund is not touched by this legislation.   CBO has also made it clear that the bill will not increase Part B or  Part D premiums--again, Part B, doctors' visits; Part D, prescription  drugs. That is very important because a lot of people have concerns  about that. And one reason it doesn't affect it, by the way, is there  is only a small number of postal employees--only 25 percent of them-- who would become part of that, so it is a drop in the bucket compared  to the number of people on Medicare. There are probably 60-some million  people--that would be 61, 62 million people in Medicare, and this is  between 14,000 and maybe 80,000 people who would be added to Part B and  Part D. So it does not affect the premiums. By the way, these people  have been paying into Medicare for their whole career, so it is  appropriate that they go into Part B and Part D.   This is a good bill, and I think that is why it passed the House with  such a strong vote. It passed with a bipartisan vote in the House of  342 to 92. That rarely happens, particularly in the House of  Representatives. So that is an indication of what kind of legislation  this is.   It is popular because it is about saving the post office, and it is  popular because it does so without asking the taxpayers to step up and  do more. In  [[Page S1011]]  fact, it saves some money. And it is popular because we have worked  together on this. We have each side made concessions. Is it the perfect  bill that I would have written? No. The same as my colleague from  Michigan, who has just arrived on the Democratic side. He would have  written it differently in a number of respects. I know that because he  had to make concessions; we had to make concessions. But we ended up  with legislation that does the job, and that is what is important: to  put the post office in a position to succeed in its critical mission to  provide essential services to small businesses, to our veterans, to our  seniors, to our rural constituents.   Let's pass this bill, and let's ensure the post office is healthy for  all those folks we represent back home.   I yield the floor.   