 Madam President, I rise to offer some remarks about my  colleague from Pennsylvania, Senator Toomey.   I think you can tell from his presentation today what he holds most  dear, and, of course, that is his family--both Kris, his wife, and his  children--and I am so happy that he is going to be able to spend more  time with them.   I thought I would offer some remarks about his service as well as the  ways that we have worked together. Let me start with the basic  assertion which Senator Toomey made reference to that he and I didn't  agree on much. And I think it is probably--I am not going to speak for  him, but I kind of am in this moment. I am not sure he wanted to be  caught dead agreeing with me on some issues, and that is just the way  it works around here.   But one thing we tried to do from the opening day that he got here in  January of 2011--I had been here a few years at that point--was we  tried to--and I think we were successful over 12 years--have a kind of  mutual respect, which is easy to articulate and harder to effectuate,  and it requires both sides to give and take. And I am grateful that we  were able to do that together.   There are a lot of ways in the Senate, as is true in the House or any  other legislative body, even when you are from the same State, to kind  of poke each other on a regular basis. We refrained from that. It  didn't mean we were praising each other's legislative result or point  of view, but we tried to demonstrate that basic mutual respect and not  to try to undermine each other.   As Senator Toomey outlined, I think the manifestation of the work we  did together--or maybe the most evident manifestation of that--was the  work we did on Federal district court judges. As everyone knows who  follows the work of the Senate, Senators make recommendations to an  administration about who should serve on the district courts in their  State. In our State, we have an Eastern District, a Middle District,  and a Western District. Depending on which month or year you are in,  you have vacancies in each of those Federal districts throughout the  State. And if you want a judge or a candidate to be a judge to advance,  you have to work with your colleague.   Now, it is a little easier when you have two Democrats and two  Republicans. It is more challenging when you have a split delegation in  the Senate. But we worked together. And as Senator Toomey made  reference to, we vetted and then advanced for nomination and then saw  through the confirmation of 33 Federal and district court judges in 12  years.   He mentioned that it was the third highest other than California and  Texas. But what is noteworthy about that--really significant, I  believe--is that it was from a split-delegation State. The two States I  just mentioned didn't have that split. So it is a singular achievement  that we should both be proud of. But, as he also indicated, our staffs  deserve the lion's share of the credit. They had to do so much work in  making sure that those nominees were vetted and could be advanced.   So I am grateful for that work that he did with me and with our  office for the State of Pennsylvania. And, Pat, I can't thank you  enough for the work we did together on Federal district court judges.   We also worked together most recently, the last couple of years, on  some nursing home reforms--maybe, more particularly, the oversight that  the Federal Government provides with respect to nursing homes when you  have a program--they call it the Special Focus Facility Program--where  the intent of that program is to focus on the poor-performing nursing  homes.   But we did an investigation where we saw that there are some nursing  homes that were not quite on the list that they should have been on and  weren't getting that kind of special focus of attention. I also worked  with Senator Toomey on that nursing home legislation.   So on a range of issues important to Pennsylvania and important in  the Nation, we tried every day to, when we were at our best, work well  together.   I especially appreciate what he had to do not just as a Member of the  Senate but, in this case, in the early days of 2021 as a Republican  Senator when he had two big decisions to make. He had a decision to  make on January 6  [[Page S7225]]  about how he would vote on the certification question; and he, in my  judgment, voted the right way and, I think, voted in a way that was  courageous.   And then just a few weeks went by and there was the impeachment  proceedings here in the Senate for the then-former President, and that  was maybe an even more difficult vote, to cast the vote that he cast in  that impeachment proceeding.   Both votes were exceedingly difficult for any political figure, for  any member of a political party at any time in history. And it was a  very difficult time, I am sure, for him to cast those votes. But he did  because he wanted to advance the interests of democracy and he wanted  to advance the concept that we claim to hold dear, which is the rule of  law and upholding the rule of law.   And I can't imagine a more difficult set of votes so close in time  for any Senator, and I am grateful that he voted the way that he did.  And I know the people of Pennsylvania were grateful.   So on so many fronts, I said--recently, we had a gathering of  Pennsylvanians. On so many fronts, even when we didn't agree on big  issues, we were able to come together on some Pennsylvania priorities  as well as issues that related to the Federal judiciary.   One thing that I think we are in agreement on and have always been in  agreement on is both of us, in our personal capacities, married way  above our class. I married above my class when I married Terese, and I  think the same is true of Pat when he married Kris. We agree on that,  right? We do. OK.   I am happy for Pat Toomey and Kris and their children, but I will  miss working with him and serving alongside him. As he said, it is a  privilege to serve in this institution, and he served this institution  and the people of our State with honor and with distinction.   I yield the floor.   