 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to engage in a  colloquy with Senator Wyden for clarification regarding a tax provision  included in the bill currently before the Senate.   With regard to the advanced manufacturing tax credit, it is the  intention that section 45X, as established by section 13502 of the  Inflation Reduction Act, is intended to apply to components for which  production was completed after December 31, 2022, and are sold to an  unrelated party after December 31, 2022?   In other words, the credit should be available to the entirety of  eligible components currently underway if those components are  concluded after 2022. For example, an offshore wind vessel that began  construction in 2019 and was completed at a date after December 31,  2022, would be eligible for the credit applied to the full cost of  production of the vessel and not just for the portion completed after  December 31, 2022.    Mr. President, I look forward to passing this important  piece of legislation that will help fight inflation, invest in domestic  energy production and manufacturing, reduce carbon emissions, and lower  healthcare costs for millions of Americans.    Mr. President, I call up my amendment, No. 5488, and ask  that it be reported by number.    I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment  be dispensed with.    Mr. President, the end is near--I hope. For those of us  on this side of the aisle who have worked long and hard, this is the  last substantive action we have to take before final passage of a  historic piece of legislation.   Recognizing--and I want to thank the Senators on both sides of the  aisle for the productive discussions in the last vote on a difficult  issue that my amendment would address.   My amendment would simply strike the offset in the previous amendment  known as the State and local tax deduction and replace it with a 2-year  extension of a so-called loss limitation policy that has bipartisan  support over many years.   This was first employed under President Trump, then employed by the  Democrats. Everyone on this side of the aisle has voted for this pay- for, $52 billion, which more than offsets the $35 billion that were  taken from the previous amendment.   This amendment will allow us to move forward on this historic  legislation, on drug prices, climate change,  [[Page S4201]]  reform the tax code, and bring down inflation and make sure we have got  a true comprehensive energy policy.   I urge all my colleagues to support the amendment.    Do I have any time remaining?   