 Madam Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk  made in order under the rule.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume.   Madam Speaker, this amendment is simple and straightforward. It  requires the Director of the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation  within 1 year after the date of enactment to issue a public request for  information regarding ways to ensure the long-term solvency of the  PBGC's insurance programs, and then within 2 years after the date of  enactment, the Director shall issue a report to congressional  committees with recommendations on how to ensure the long-term solvency  of the insurance programs.   As my colleagues know, the PBGC administers two insurance programs,  one for multiemployer pensions and the other for single-employer  pensions. PBGC's multiemployer program has been on the brink of  insolvency. It was projected to run out of money in just a few years,  but thanks to the Biden administration and congressional Democrats  stepping up and passing the American Rescue Plan last year, millions of  Americans' pensions have been saved.   Because the law requires participating businesses to pay into those  failing plans until the businesses go broke, tens of thousands of  businesses have been saved, and the solvency of the PBGC's  multiemployer program has been extended for at least 30 more years.   For the single-employer program, the PBGC's most recent annual report  indicates that it is financially healthy, with a positive net position  of over $30 billion at the end of fiscal year 2021 compared to just  over $15 billion at the end of fiscal year 2020. So, fortunately, it is  not at the near-term risk of becoming insolvent.   A few years ago, I had the honor of being one of the four House  Democrats selected for a special committee charged with addressing the  multiemployer pension crisis. We tried to address the immediate crisis  facing multiemployer pension plans with their participants and  employers while also considering other long-term reforms to pension  programs, but unfortunately we could not reach any agreement before the  clock ran out.   Now that congressional Democrats and the Biden administration have  solved the immediate crisis, and it looks like we can solve this  crisis, we should take action to ensure that this doesn't happen again.  We will do this by getting policy recommendations from the PBGC on how  we can ensure long-term solvency of both insurance programs and avoid  the possibility that 20 years from now pension plans would again be on  the brink of insolvency.   I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I reserve the  balance of my time.    Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I  may consume to close.   Madam Speaker, the distinguished ranking member pointed out that the  saving of the multiemployer pension fund would cost about $90 billion.  That is right.   What she omitted was that estimates of doing nothing with the people  losing their pension, they would pay less in income taxes, they would  use more social services, and the Federal Government was on the hook  for $170 billion if we had done nothing. In other words, we would have  to spend $80 billion more to help the people who lost their pensions  and the businesses that went broke trying to save those pension plans.   But in any case, Madam Speaker, the time to fix the roof is when the  Sun is shining. We have gotten past the crisis. Let's find out what we  need to do to avoid the possibility that these pension funds might be  back here 20 years from now in a state of failure.   We need to make sure we fix it. Let's get these recommendations. That  is why this amendment is so important that it will guarantee getting  the information so we can fix these plans once and for all.   Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time.   