 Mr. President, Mark Twain said that ``the two most  important days in your life are the day you were born and the day you  find out why.''   Harry Reid grew up in the tiny mining town of Searchlight, NV. This  politician class, which I am part of, likes to try to trace their roots  to some humble beginning, some log cabin experience that they have  overcome to reach public office. Harry didn't have to fake it. He was  the third of four boys born in the Great Depression to a very poor  family. His father was a hard-rock miner who battled alcoholism and was  tortured by depression. His father took his own life. Harry came to the  floor so many times, I can remember, and spoke of this issue of suicide  and what it had meant to him as a boy growing up and what it meant to  so many people across America.   His mother, a sweet, humble woman, helped to feed the family by doing  laundry. The family home was a sight to behold--a tin-roofed, wooden  cabin with no indoor plumbing, no hot water, and no telephone.   The day Harry came into this world was December 2, 1939. The day he  had his Mark Twain moment and learned why he was put here happened 30  years later.   Against all odds, Harry had escaped the poverty of his childhood. He  had put himself through law school at George Washington University here  in Washington, DC, and he worked as a Capitol Police officer in this  building to pay for his law school. After graduating, he returned to  Nevada as a young lawyer and got involved in local politics.   Then came that Mark Twain moment. Harry attended a speech at the  University of Nevada in Reno by a writer named Alex Haley. Haley's  masterwork, ``Roots,'' traced the story of one American family's  triumphant rise over several generations from the horrors of slavery to  freedom. Something that Alex Haley said that night hit Harry Reid like  a thunderbolt. Haley said: ``Be proud of who you are. You can't escape  who you are.''   Harry Reid recalled that moment in his farewell address to the Senate  a little over 4 years ago. Harry said: ``I walked out of that event  that night a different person, a new man. From that day forward, I  would always be Harry Reid from Searchlight.''   As his favorite author, Mark Twain, might say, that was the day Harry  Reid found out why he was born. He spent the rest of his life after  that Alex Haley experience--almost half a century--climbing the  political ladder in America to one of its highest rungs but using that  power to help underdogs like the little boy from Searchlight, people  like his parents, who struggled to feed their children, and others who  felt the crushing hand of fate.   Harry Reid believed that the American family could come together as a  government and make life better for one another. He believed that wise  government decisions gave people an opportunity to overcome adversity.  Some who grew up in poverty and hardship and escaped it are so seared  by the pain of that life that they never want to look back. They  develop a sort of myopia that seems to make it hard for them to even  see the struggles of others. That was not Harry Reid.   As a young man, he was a tough middleweight boxer. As a lawmaker, he  used his boxer's instincts to fight for others. He mastered the arts of  dealmaking and lawmaking to help people who work hard and struggle.   He will go down in history as a Senate majority leader who helped  deliver the Affordable Care Act--ObamaCare--the most important health  and economic security advancement in America in 50 years. Thirty-one  million Americans--1 out of every 10--have health insurance today  because of Obama's leadership and Harry Reid making it a reality.   His work in the Senate, I witnessed personally, day by day by day. I  can remember so many chapters, days when I thought it was over; there  was no way. Here we were with exactly 60 votes, and our friend, a man  we both loved, Teddy Kennedy was dying. We didn't know if we could get  to the finish line in time while he was still alive, but Harry was  determined. He had a bulldog tenacity to pass that bill. When he fought  for the Affordable Care Act, Harry remembered his own life story of how  his brother had been writhing in agony in bed with a broken leg because  the family couldn't afford to take him to a doctor. Harry used his  power to prevent other families from knowing that suffering.   After the great recession of 2009 robbed millions of Americans of  their jobs, their homes, and their savings, Harry Reid, as majority  leader, helped pass the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street reforms, to  help prevent the abuses that led to that crash.   Nevada is home to many immigrants. Senator Harry Reid was a  passionate advocate of legislation to fix our broken immigration  system. We came to the House together, elected in 1982. He left just a  few years later to come to the Senate, and I joined him a few years  after that, so we had a friendship that dated back many years.   He knew my feelings about immigration, particularly about the DREAM  Act. He wasn't sure of exactly what to do until he had two moments in  life; one, when his wife Landra talked to him about that issue and how  he had to do the right thing and the second was when he came to meet  the immigrant people who were in his State of Nevada and hear their  life stories. He promised me as my friend and as his whip to his  majority leadership that he would bring the DREAM Act to the floor. He  knew he had to block out the calendar to do it, and he knew the chances  of success were limited, but he was determined to give me my day here  on the floor of the Senate.   He brought the DREAM Act to the floor of the Senate in December of  2010.  [[Page S8]]  We had a majority for it. It wasn't the only time we had majority, but,  of course, we fell short of the 60-vote requirement under the  filibuster.   Then Harry said: What can I do?   I told him: Harry, we have to reach out to our friend and former  colleague Barack Obama. We have to ask him to do everything in his  power to use his Executive Office to do what we cannot accomplish  because of the filibuster.   So we wrote a letter, 22 of us Democrats, to Barack Obama, pleading  with him to step in and help those wonderful young people who were just  asking for a chance to be part of America's future. Harry's signature  meant a lot as majority leader of the Senate. Barack Obama said he  would help and created DACA, and hundreds of thousands of people have  had their chance to be legally in America and be part of its future.   Harry Reid served in Congress longer than any Nevadan in history. He  served in the Senate for 30 years. He was one of only three people to  serve 8 years or more as Senate majority leader. He earned the tribute  of our Nation, and it will be paid to him this coming weekend and the  following week where his body will lie in state in the Rotunda in this  Capitol that he loved.   Harry was my colleague, my leader, and my friend. Had he not called  me personally and asked me to consider running for whip many years ago,  I probably wouldn't have done it. But I knew that if he trusted me, I  could offer my candidacy to the Senate in the hopes of being elected as  whip. He had so many stories to tell. Hardly a day would go by where I  wouldn't be in his office. He would tell some story about growing up,  about his high school buddies, about his sports experience, about his  wonderful wife Landra, about family experiences that always were  colorful stories.   One involved one of his brothers who got into a fight in a bar in  Nevada. His brother was outnumbered, and he was about to take a  beating, when the front door of the tavern flung open and Cousin Jeff,  a big bruiser of a man, walked in and took control, saving his brother  from a beating. I was proud to be called ``Cousin Jeff'' by Harry. When  he called me into political battles to be by his side so many times, it  was an honor.   I was with him when he served as majority and minority whip. Harry  was a man of extraordinary humility. He was the first to admit he  wasn't much of an orator, and he would say that his good looks didn't  win him into public office. But he had a genius for listening to  people. He listened to the voices of our caucus, across the aisle, and  across America. He managed often to find a way forward. He was a modest  man. He didn't care who got the credit as long as the work was done.   The only thing that Harry Reid loved as much as the Senate and the  promise of America was his family. Landra is such an extraordinary  person, Harry's wife of 62 years. They started dating in high school,  and Harry knew that she was the ``one.'' It took some convincing for  her family to come around to that point of view, but they did, and they  had a strong, loving relationship. Their children, Rory, Lana, Key,  Leif, and Josh, and their 19 grandchildren were such a great source of  pride to Harry more than anything.   I want to extend my sympathy to them on my behalf and behalf of my  wife Loretta, as well as to the talented staff members who served Harry  Reid for so many years, if any of them are still here in the Senate.   Above my desk is a portrait of President Lincoln. And above Harry's  desk was a painting of Mark Twain. I was confused the first time I saw  it because I pictured Mark Twain on the Mississippi, growing up in  Missouri. I didn't quite understand the connection. In fact, Mark Twain  spent the largest share of his life in Connecticut, where he and his  wife raised their family. But Harry Reid said that it was while Samuel  Clemens was working as a young newspaper reporter in Nevada that he  became ``Mark Twain.'' It was in Nevada where he first used that  pseudonym.   Harry Reid rose to one of the highest positions in our government. He  met with Presidents, Prime Ministers, even Monarchs, and this man from  Searchlight helped craft and pass some of the most important  legislation of our time. But like Mark Twain, it was in Nevada that  Harry discovered why he was born. He fought for justice and fairness,  and he always fought for the underdog. He was searching for those young  people like himself who grew up in a hard-rock mining town under the  toughest of circumstances and did their best. He wanted to give them  the same fighting chance he had in life.   Harry fought the good fight. He finished the race. America is better  for it. I will miss my friend.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   