 Mr. President, I come to the floor today to talk about  the war in Ukraine. One week ago, Vladimir Putin attacked Ukraine by  land, by sea, and by air. Now we know that thousands of people are  dead.   Vladimir Putin prepared for this invasion, and he prepared over the  course of at least 3 months. Month after month after month, he moved  troops, he moved weapons, and he moved them to the border with Ukraine.  Now, many of these troops are attacking the capital city of Kyiv. The  Ukrainian people are fighting bravely. Their example is an inspiration  to the world. They are outnumbered, they are outgunned, and yet they  continue to fight for their freedom.   Make no mistake, Vladimir Putin has caused this war. He alone is  responsible. He is responsible for the death and the destruction that  the world is witnessing now. Yet, it is undeniable that the Biden  administration's so-called deterrence and diplomacy have failed.   Joe Biden ran for President on competence and on his foreign policy  expertise. As a candidate for President, Joe Biden said Putin's days of  tyranny would be over if he became President--Putin's days of tyranny  would be over if Joe Biden were elected President. The opposite has  occurred under this administration.   Vladimir Putin has become emboldened like never before. Putin is  cunning, he is opportunistic, and he is aggressive. When he sees an  opportunity, he takes it. He can smell weakness, and he views Joe Biden  as weak and ineffective. Clearly that has become even more so after Joe  Biden's disgraceful and deadly surrender from Afghanistan. Enemies of  ours around the world have become emboldened.   After Afghanistan fell, Vladimir Putin increased his weapons testing.  [[Page S942]]  Just a few months later, Vladimir Putin put 100,000 troops on the  border of Ukraine. How did the President of the United States, Joe  Biden, respond? He lobbied this body, the Senate, against imposing  sanctions on Vladimir Putin.    In January, this Senate voted on sanctions for Putin's Nord Stream 2  Pipeline. I came to the floor; I argued that the Senate needed to act  quickly. Almost every Democrat in this body had previously supported  sanctions. Under pressure from the White House, the Democrats reversed  course. They buckled to the demands of the President of the United  States, who had a different view than this body in a broad, bipartisan  consensus had had previously of sanctioning the Nord Stream 2 Pipeline  between Russia and Germany. Senate Democrats blocked the sanctions.   Look, energy is the reason that Vladimir Putin is flush with cash. He  has hit the jackpot. His energy revenues are up, and more than $1 out  of every $3 that Vladimir Putin has in Russia's treasury is energy- related. High energy prices today that Americans are paying at the pump  and people around world are paying are the reason why Putin can  indefinitely--how he can afford this invasion.   So who is Putin's No. 1 rival for energy production? Well, it is the  United States. But under Joe Biden, American crude oil production is  down--down more than a million barrels each and every day from what it  was prior to the pandemic.   It is not a lack of American energy resources, and it is not a lack  of American energy workers. They want to work. The energy is in the  ground. This is a direct result of the far-left driven anti-American  energy policies of the Joe Biden administration.   On Joe Biden's first day in office, he killed the Keystone XL  Pipeline, and he bragged about it. So how much energy would be coming  across from the Keystone XL Pipeline? Well over 800,000 barrels a day.  But that number today is zero.   How much energy are we bringing in from Russia each and every day  into the United States, imported from Russia, sending money to Vladimir  Putin? Well, 670,000 barrels a day. If he hadn't killed Keystone, we  would be bringing more energy in that way, and we are now buying and  sending money to Vladimir Putin. And the President bragged about it,  thumped his chest: I killed Keystone.   He also blocked new oil and gas leases on public lands, stopped  American exploration for energy in the Arctic. Joe Biden approves of  Vladimir Putin producing energy; it seems he is only opposed to  American energy production.   Just days before he surrendered in Afghanistan, Joe Biden sent his  National Security Advisor to beg Russia to produce more oil to sell to  us. It is hard to believe. People watching said that can't be true, and  I would say: Go to the White House website. Go right now; see if it is  still there. It was there two nights ago--the National Security Advisor  saying: We are asking OPEC+--and the ``plus'' is Russia; it is Putin-- to produce more energy to sell to us.   Why should we depend upon people who are our enemies, whose  intentions are not kind or caring for us, and who is now--Vladimir  Putin is attacking his neighbor in a bloodthirsty way--rather than  allow us to produce American energy that we have today in the ground in  this Nation?   So it is no wonder that Putin can now afford another assault. Oil hit  over $100 a barrel last week--the highest in 7 years, and it is even  higher than that today.   Today, American families in every State are paying $1 a gallon or  more for each additional gallon of gas that they put in the tank than  they were the day Joe Biden became President of the United States, and  that is soon going to be even a higher number, a higher amount that  people are going to be paying as a result of this President's policies.  The situation is getting worse.   President Biden's response to the buildup to the war in Ukraine has  been mismanagement and weakness. After Russia invaded Ukraine, Joe  Biden issued sanctions on Russia that are far too little too late. The  Biden deterrence was after the fact. That didn't seem more like  punishment than deterrence. It reminds me when President Obama said he  was going to be leading from behind. Deterrence after the fact is the  same thing as no deterrence at all. Try to deter someone from doing  something.   Even after the invasion has occurred and even after we see the tanks  lined up heading into Kyiv, Joe Biden is not yet ready to sanction  Russian energy and clearly not ready to produce American energy to make  up for what we buy from them.   His Deputy National Security Advisor went to the podium and said our  sanctions are not designed to cause any disruption to the current flow  of energy from Russia to the world. This administration has caused  plenty of disruption in the flow of energy from America, from our  homeland. We are not going to disrupt energy from Russia, oh, no. It  was actually Germany that stood up and finally stopped Putin from  getting the pipeline. Joe Biden won't touch the one industry that is  propping up Vladimir Putin. Yet he seemed to be happy--Joe Biden seems  to be happy with his continued war on American energy. He has  effectively put harsher sanctions on American energy workers than he  does on Russian energy thugs.   The war in Ukraine is going to lead to higher energy prices in this  country; there is no doubt about it. But we have seen no change in Joe  Biden's energy policies in spite of the abundant energy resources we  have in this country. The White House Press Secretary was asked  recently if Joe Biden was considering allowing more energy production  here at home in the United States. We have the resources; we have the  workers; the jobs are necessary; and, effectively, she just said no. We  heard nothing about it in the State of the Union last night--not a  thing.   Over the weekend, actually, the President's Press Secretary went on  television and doubled down. She said she refused to rule out importing  oil from Iran. Oil and gas leases on Federal lands are still in limbo.   The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, FERC--and there will be a  hearing before the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee  tomorrow--recently decided, in a 100-percent partisan 3-to-2 vote, to  make it even harder to build natural gas pipelines in America. Harder.   The day after Russia invaded Ukraine, this administration, the Biden  administration, said uranium was no longer a critical mineral for the  United States--no longer a critical mineral. American businesses get  half of the uranium we use from Russia and its partners. It is a  critical mineral but not according to the Biden administration. Now we  are going to become even more dependent on Russia, and Putin will get  even wealthier.   It seems like Joe Biden and his advisers want to turn our energy  sector into what we have seen over the last number of years in  Germany--dependent on other countries, begging enemies to help us keep  the lights on.   And just before the Russian invasion, John Kerry, the President's  Climate Envoy, said in an interview with BBC--this is the former  Secretary of State of the United States--said he was concerned that the  war in Ukraine would distract people from his climate agenda. You can't  believe it. This is very disturbing to people all around my home State,  and I would think all around America. This is a delusional obsession,  distracted from the reality of the world and of our Nation.   Innocent people are being slaughtered. Vladimir Putin is conducting  nuclear drills. People around the world are terrified. People are  looking to the United States for leadership, and we have a high  official of this administration concerned it is going to distract from  this White House's and this administration's climate agenda.   The American people know what we need to do. We need to continue to  support and send lethal weapons to our friends in Ukraine, and clearly  we need to produce more American energy. We have it. We have it in the  ground. This administration will not let us get it out. More American  energy will help us at home. It will help bring down prices at home.  More American energy will help us defund Putin's military aggression.  It is our energy dollars that are paying for Putin's killing machine.   More American energy will help our allies from being held hostage by  [[Page S943]]  Vladimir Putin. This is why I have introduced legislation called the  ESCAPE Act, Energy Security Cooperation with Allied Partners in Europe.  It expedites the sale of natural gas from America to our NATO allies so  they don't have to buy it from Vladimir Putin. I brought it to the  floor yesterday, and Democrats objected to a unanimous consent to pass  it.   I sent a letter to the President today with every Republican on the  Senate Energy Committee as well as Senator Lummis--sent a letter to the  White House today detailing 10 specific actions that the President of  the United States can take right now to produce more American energy  and undermine Vladimir Putin and help other NATO allies and help the  people of Ukraine. We as a nation are much better off selling American  energy to our friends than for us as a nation to have to buy energy  from our enemies. More American energy means more American strength and  more American security.   I yield the floor.   