 Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that  all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks  and include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order.    Madam Speaker, we may be starting a new  year, but so far the problems remain the same. This week marks the 1- year anniversary of Joe Biden being sworn in as President of the United  States, and, of course, also the 1-year anniversary of one-party, far- left Democrat rule in Washington.   This past year was one of unprecedented crises as a direct result.  The American people face an economic crisis, an energy crisis, a border  crisis, an education crisis, a crime crisis, a COVID-19 crisis, and a  national security crisis as a direct result of Joe Biden and  congressional Democrats' failed leadership and their far-left socialist  agenda.   In this hour, a cross-section of my Republican colleagues will  address and highlight these issues as we stand for the opposite  policies, and we are very anxious to be returned to the majority so  that we can solve these ongoing dilemmas.   Madam Speaker, I am delighted to yield to the gentleman from Texas  (Mr. Babin).    Madam Speaker, there are so many crises it  is hard for us to keep count.   I yield to my dear friend from the State of Indiana (Mrs. Walorski).    Madam Speaker, the gentlewoman is right,  the sanctity of human life is one of the central principles that this  country is founded upon, and it does get darkest before the dawn. There  is hope on the horizon.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. Van  Drew).    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman. Those  are not just Republican talking points. Politico had a story this  morning. They asked Americans in a nationwide poll to give the  President a letter grade, and 37 percent of Americans gave him an F--85  percent or more of Republicans, but also, they say, an alarming number  of Democrats gave a D or an F grade.   So the gentleman is exactly right. It is a failure. An F-minus, says  Mr. Van Drew.   Madam Speaker, I yield to my good friend from the State of Tennessee  (Mr. Burchett).    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  keeping me humble.   Madam Speaker, we have just come straight to the floor from a Members  and media roundtable on the border and crime crises, and he led that so  ably. I am delighted to hear what he has to say in his 2 minutes.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from the great State of Texas  (Mr. Pfluger).    Madam Speaker, I thank my friend for that  keen insight that he gained faithfully serving our country in the  military. I thank him for his service.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. Stauber),  another gentleman who has served us so well on the front lines of law  enforcement before he got to Congress.    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman  from Utah (Mr. Owens).    Madam Speaker, I thank my friend. So well  said, as always. I think one of the key words you said was purposeful.  These crises are not happenstance. These are direct results of policy  choices.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr.  Grothman), my good friend.    Madam Speaker, I thank my friend. It is so  well said. It is as if they are incentivizing lawlessness. That is  exactly what we are seeing, and everybody knows it.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr.  LaMalfa), my friend.     Madam Speaker, I thank my friend. It is not  partisanship. We are sharing the facts. He is exactly right.   I would encourage my colleagues--there are so many who want to speak,  and it is a target-rich environment with so many crises. We are going  to try to stick to 2 minutes on these yields.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs.  Hartzler).    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman  from Georgia (Mr. Clyde), home of the new national championship  football team.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Rose).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. Fitzgerald), another seasoned, very  effective legislator.    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Florida (Mr. Gimenez), who we refer to as ``The Chief.''    Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman  from California (Mr. Obernolte).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from California (Mrs. Steel).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Keller).    Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the  gentlewoman from Arizona (Mrs. Lesko), one of the true border states  that sees all of these crises firsthand.    Madam Speaker, I thank my friend for her so  well-said remarks.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Kansas, (Mr. Mann).    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for  that plain talk from Kansas.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. Hill), who  is one of the brightest and most respected Members of Congress.    Madam Speaker, Americans do deserve so much  better.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. Kim).    I thank the gentlewoman for her principled  leadership. It has been effective, and we are grateful she is here.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from the State of Texas (Mr.  Weber).    Brand `em. I like it.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Mrs.  Miller), who is another very effective legislator.    Madam Speaker, the gentlewoman's remarks  are well-said.   Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from the great State of  Georgia (Mr. Carter). Georgia is the home of the new national  championship football team.     Madam Speaker, I am happy to yield to the  gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. Spartz), one of the smartest and hardest  working Members of Congress.    Madam Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for  her comments.   Madam Speaker, what my colleagues have illustrated here in this  Special Order is the crisis that we have in this country. We are on the  anniversary now of 1 year of far-left Democratic rule in Washington. We  have a unified government. The far-left Democrats are in charge of the  White House and both Houses of Congress. Elections have consequences.  The American people can see it for themselves. Every poll across this  country shows us. They know that it is crisis upon crisis upon crisis.   You have heard my colleagues illustrate so many of those here this  afternoon. If we had hours upon hours we could continue all night.   The economic crisis last year: Inflation cost the average worker  nearly two paychecks.   An energy crisis: The national average for a gallon of gas rose 49.6  percent for the year.   A border crisis: Because of the Democrats' open border policies,  every State is now a border State.   An education crisis: President Biden promised to reopen schools in  his first 100 days but his administration secretly worked with  teachers' unions to keep the schools closed and label parents as  domestic terrorists.   A crime crisis: Over a dozen U.S. cities had a record-high homicide  rate in 2021.   A COVID crisis: Although President Biden promised to shut down the  virus, many Americans continue to struggle to find tests, and, of  course, many schools remain closed because of this.   A national security crisis: Because of President Biden's weakness on  the world stage, our adversaries in Beijing, Tehran, and Moscow are  stronger today and they are in power.   We could go on and on and on. I am out of time, Madam Speaker, but I  will just point out again, the latest poll that was released just this  morning didn't look at just numbers. They asked the American people to  give a letter grade to the President. Thirty percent of Americans give  the President an F, a failing grade, and more Americans give him an F  than give him an A or a B. This is a failed Presidency. These are  failed policies. We are living under the crises that they have created.  It is time for this to come to an end.   We are grateful to the American people for recognizing this, and we  look forward to bringing our solutions to bear at the election cycle  this fall.   Madam Speaker, our Special Order hour has concluded, and I yield back  the balance of my time.   