 Madam President, on Sunday, I had the privilege of  attending a welcome home ceremony for the 235th Military Police Company  of the South Dakota National Guard after their 10-month deployment to  Guantanamo Bay. It was a fitting activity for Veterans Day weekend.   The ceremonies are always joyful occasions: seeing couples and  families reunited and celebrating together after a long absence,  welcoming soldiers back to the familiarity of home. But in the midst of  the joy and celebration, these ceremonies are also a powerful reminder  of all that our servicemembers and their families give up to serve our  country.   The joy of reunification points to the months of loneliness in which  spouses and loved ones have had to live without their husband or wife,  mom or dad, son or daughter. It highlights the long months in which  moms and dads have had to shoulder all the burdens of child-rearing  alone. The soccer games, the football games, the doctors' visits, the  emergency car repairs, the visit from the plumber--all the daily  challenges and responsibilities that couples usually share fall solely  on the shoulders of the spouse holding down the fort at home.   And on top of the responsibility is the anxiety--the constant worry  about the loved one halfway around the world and maybe in danger. These  moments of joyful reunion also point to all that our military men and  women sacrifice while stationed far from their families and loved ones;  the months of separation from spouses and children, with Zooms and  phone calls and emails being a poor substitute for bedtime stories read  together on the couch and holding hands on an afterdinner walk; the  loneliness, the worry about a pregnant wife or an ailing parent or a  child having a tough year in school--all while far away from the  comforts of home that the rest of us take for granted.   And, of course, while reunions are joyful, the challenges don't end  after deployment. It takes time for the stress of a tough posting to  dissipate; for soldiers to get reacclimated to the civilian world or to  their stateside base; for families to readjust to living together and  not apart, only to have to do it all over again when the next  deployment comes around.   Some servicemembers bear the invisible wounds of war for the long  term, not to mention those who are wounded in combat sometimes  requiring loved ones to become caretakers. And yet despite all of the  hardships and the challenges, men and women still rise up and answer  the call--for families to readjust to living together and not apart,  only to have to do it all over again when their deployment comes  around.   Servicemembers and their families spend years and decades serving our  country. They willingly shoulder the burdens and the challenges of this  life. Animated by love of country and of their fellow man, they choose  a life that asks them to forget their own needs and focus only on what  they can do for others. That asks them to forgo comfort and sacrifice,  up to and including the sacrifice of their own lives. Their sacrifice,  their willingness to serve, is what enables us to go about our lives in  peace and freedom.   We owe our men and women in uniform--and the families who support  them--a debt we can never repay. But we can at least--at the very  least--remember. As we go about our daily business, as we travel to our  jobs in security and come home again at night the same way, we can  remember that we live in peace and safety because of the sacrifice of  the men and women of the U.S. military who stand on watch for us.   I am profoundly grateful for the honor of representing some of the  men and women of the U.S. military here in the U.S. Senate as well as  our many South Dakota veterans. And I will continue to do everything I  can to ensure that our military and our veterans have the resources  they need and the resources that they are owed.   I have successfully fought for over a decade to prevent closures of  service reductions at VA facilities in South Dakota to ensure that  veterans can continue receiving the healthcare they need close to home.  And I will continue to work to make sure our State's VA facilities  remain open and available to our veterans and that community care is  equally accessible, if they so choose.   I will continue to work to ensure that our military members have  everything that they need to deter threats and to protect America. And,  as always, Ellsworth Air Force Base is at the top of my priority list.  I am currently working to ensure that we continue to make the needed  investments in the facilities and other infrastructure that Ellsworth  will need to host the future of B-21 bomber mission as well as to  ensure the influx of military  [[Page S6752]]  families who will move to the area to have adequate school capacity in  housing access.   As we celebrate Veterans and Military Families Month, I want to  express my gratitude to the citizen-soldiers of the South Dakota  National Guard, the airmen at Ellsworth Air Force Base, and our South  Dakota veterans and their families.   May God bless you all and all of your brothers and sisters in arms.  And may God continue to bless America.   I yield the floor.   