 Madam President, an illegitimate, stolen, and radicalized  U.S. Supreme Court is putting the fundamental rights of Americans in  jeopardy. Last month, the extremist Court took away the right to  abortion, a right on which millions of Americans have relied for almost  50 years, undermining their health, their safety, their freedom.   The rightwing majority that overturned Roe v. Wade owns its control  of the High Court to then-Leader McConnell's and Donald Trump's and  Senate Republicans' theft of two seats on the Supreme Court. The  Justices used their ill-gotten power to cast aside decades of  precedent--precedent, which during their confirmation hearings they  promised to honor, respect, and follow.   If anyone thinks this newly empowered Court's decision to strip  Americans of a longstanding constitutional right won't be shamelessly  repeated, they are wrong. What the Supreme Court just did with Roe is a  preview of coming atrocities from this Supreme Court.   Justice Clarence Thomas wrote a concurring opinion in Dobbs v.  Jackson Women's Health Organization, the decision overturning Roe v.  Wade. And that concurrence is like a movie trailer for an upcoming  horror film that Americans are forced to watch written, produced, and  directed by a captured illegitimate Supreme Court. In his opinion,  Justice Thomas made clear that he believes Americans have too many  privacy rights under the U.S. Constitution, that the Supreme Court had  erred in recognizing those rights, and that the Court should take them  away as well--just as it did with the right to abortion.   This bears repeating.   A sitting Justice on the Supreme Court of the United States is  arguing that Americans have too many rights.   What mistakes was Justice Thomas talking about?   Well, Justice Thomas urged the Court to correct the error the Court  committed when it recognized this right to same-sex marriage in its  2015 decision in Obergefell v. Hodges.   He told the Court to fix the mistake it made when it recognized the  right of Americans to engage in private, consensual sexual activity in  its 2003 decision in Lawrence v. Texas.   Then he said the Court got it wrong when it recognized the right of  Americans to use contraception in its 1965 decision in Griswold v.  Connecticut.   But it is Justice Thomas who is in error, who is wrong, who has made  a mistake. These are all fundamental, privacy-based rights which the  Supreme Court correctly recognized. They should all remain the law of  the land.   Today, I want to talk about the right to contraception that this  extremist and out-of-touch Supreme Court and legislators in red States  are taking aim at.   The Supreme Court has recognized the constitutional right to  contraception for more than half a century, since its decision in the  Griswold case in 1965. Over time, the Court has affirmed and expanded  that right: in its 1972 decision, a Massachusetts case, Eisenstadt v.  Baird, recognizing the right of all people to access contraceptives  regardless of marital status; and in its 1977 decision in Carey v.  Population Services International, which held that a State could not  constitutionally prohibit the distribution of contraceptives to minors.   The right to contraception is therefore a fundamental right that the  Court has repeatedly recognized and reaffirmed. It is a right that is  central to a person's health, to their well-being, to their life,  liberty, equality, and economic and social freedom in our country. It  is a right grounded in the need and ability to make decisions about  one's own body, one's own family, and one's own future. It is a right  that is woven into the fabric of a free, pluralistic, and modern  society. And it is a right that we must codify and make part of our law  so that far-right, extremist judges and elected officials cannot take  it away in order to advance their own blatantly political agendas.   That is why I have proudly introduced the Right to Contraception Act  with my colleagues Senators Mazie Hirono and Tammy Duckworth, with  Senator Blumenthal and Chair Patty Murray of the Committee on Health,  Education, Labor, and Pensions, and have been joined by more than half  of the Democratic Senate caucus.   The Right to Contraception Act would codify the Supreme Court's  decision in Griswold, recognizing the right to obtain and use  contraception. The Right to Contraception Act would enshrine that right  in Federal law, and it would guarantee a healthcare provider's right to  prescribe contraceptive products and services and information related  to them.   The bill would also protect a range of contraceptives that are  legally marketed under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. The  Right to Contraception Act would authorize the  [[Page S3726]]  U.S. Attorney General, as well as individuals and healthcare providers  harmed by unlawful restrictions, to go to court to enforce the rights  the bill establishes.   In short, the Right to Contraception Act would safeguard the rights  established by more than 50 years of Supreme Court precedent and would  protect access to contraception even if Griswold were overturned.   The concerns that have led to the introduction of this bill are not  merely hypothetical. Justice Thomas's concurring opinion was a call to  action that some Republicans and red States are eagerly heeding by  continuing to attack and restrict the right to contraception.   Several States have already gone after access to contraception by  cutting off the public funding for it, by seeking to define abortion  broadly enough to include contraception, and by allowing healthcare  providers to refuse to provide services related to contraception based  on their own personal beliefs.   And the harms that would flow from abolishing the right to  contraception aren't merely theoretical. Attacks on healthcare,  especially reproductive healthcare, fall hardest on historically  marginalized communities, including Black, indigenous, and other people  of color, LGBTQ people, people with disabilities, people with low  incomes, those living in rural and underserved areas, and immigrants.   Last week, we all on our side proudly watched the House pass its  version of the Right to Contraception Act by a vote of 220 to 195,  though it is dismaying that only 8 House Republicans--only 8--voted to  codify that right.   With the right to abortion stolen, the right to contraception  threatened, and the need to protect and expand access to contraceptive  methods and information on contraception, it makes it more imperative  than ever that we pass this legislation. We can't wait for the next  hammer to drop. We have an urgent obligation to take the first exit off  this slippery slope that leads to the loss of our most personal  freedoms--chief amongst them: the right of all Americans to make their  own decisions about their bodies, their families, and their own  futures.   We can't sit idly by and watch as decades of precedent, privacy  rights, and progress are violated. We can't wait for the worst to  come--because it is already at our doorstep.   To my anti-choice Republican colleagues, if you would deprive  Americans of the choice to end a pregnancy, how can you also deprive  them of the ability to prevent a pregnancy in the first place?   Unless your ultimate aim is, really, to exert control over the bodies  of others, especially the bodies of women, then I expect to hear no  objection to the unanimous consent request to pass the Right to  Contraception Act. Otherwise, the Republican position will be clear to  everyone: no abortion but no birth control to prevent the need for one.    That is where the Republican Party is today. I urge my Republican  colleagues not to object to our unanimous consent request.   Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on the  Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of S. 4612 and that  the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration; further, that the  bill be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to  reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table.    Madam President, reserving the right to object, I thank  the Senator from Iowa, but her bill would not ensure access to birth  control, and it fails to codify the constitutional right to birth  control across the United States.   In fact, her bill would actually restrict access to birth control for  individuals under the age of 18--requiring a prescription even if the  Food and Drug Administration has approved an over-the-counter option.  And we cannot lose sight of the fact that this bill does nothing to  address the reality that, for many women, true access means being able  to afford birth control as well.   Last month, I cosponsored a bill that would guarantee that insurers  fully cover over-the-counter birth control without any out-of-pocket  costs. No one should have to jump through ridiculous hoops or pay extra  just to get the birth control they need, not to mention that this bill  would do nothing to prevent States from restricting or even banning  access to birth control.   The reality that Republicans refuse to acknowledge is that an over- the-counter option doesn't help patients if their States are chipping  away at their right to birth control.   So, with the Senator from Iowa's objection to my unanimous consent  request and with her counter unanimous consent request, the Republicans  have made their position crystal clear: no abortion but no birth  control to prevent the need for one.   Republicans have just shown the American people where they stand on  their right to contraception. While Republicans won't protect our  fundamental rights as the Supreme Court and rightwing State  legislatures take  [[Page S3727]]  them away, my Democratic colleagues and I will continue our efforts to  keep in place the fundamental, privacy-based rights that Americans have  had for decades and codify into Federal law the right to contraception.   As a result and for those reasons, I object.   