 Madam Speaker, the Chinese Communist regime  under Chairman Xi is certainly our greatest opponent. His vision and  mission is to eliminate the United States by 2050, and his investments  are aimed toward this end.   The CCP is not on our team, and we should not encourage competition  from China, as the White House has stated. In many domains, they are  outpacing us.   In lower altitude hypersonic weapons development; in the advancement  and proliferation of high-altitude nuclear ICBMs, such as the DF-41; in  the space  [[Page H902]]  domain; in the cyber domain; in shipbuilding--they are currently  building two ships per month; in the construction and networking of  UAVs, or unmanned aerial vehicles; and in the advancement of low  observable fighter jets both in terms of capacity as well as quantity,  China certainly is our greatest threat.   They are not on our team, and their progress and their advantages are  designed to be used against us in a coordinated fashion in all of those  domains. But the single biggest threat to our Nation is not China  alone. It is our own weaknesses within--weaknesses from people who are  supposed to be on our team and weaknesses from those who seek to  cooperate and profit from the CCP's behavior that ultimately enables  the CCP in their atrocities.   Those who may chastise the CCP with Twitter posts in the same day  enable them with joint ventures, small words compared to large  supporting investments or bills such as the ones brought to the floor  this week. This is exactly what Chairman Xi wants: big carrots and  small sticks.   We must disentangle all of our interests from China. But above all  things, we must disentangle our corporate interests from China as soon  as possible.   Disentanglement takes courage, which is often not present in most  boardrooms and certainly not present in our own Treasury Department.  American corporations and our own Treasury are exchanging their own  long-term security and our collective security for the short-term high  of profits and business in a market they have been seeking for a long  time.   These corporate leaders think they are fishing in knee-high water in  a trout farm. But in reality, the water, that market space, is filled  with piranhas, leaches, and sharks. The bare and bloodied ankles of our  economy and our intellectual property and technology are now fully  exposed to these very intelligent predators.   The Chinese Communist Party is not on our side, and our own greed and  a willingness to compromise the integrity of our business ethics system  in order to profit from endeavors with China are our greatest  weaknesses and, I would say, our greatest threat.   We cannot afford to profit from selling the rope to China that will  ultimately be used to hang us by 2050.   