 Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Michigan  for the opportunity to speak about this important bill, H.R. 6364,  which would extend the use of Federally owned portions of Highway 209  by certain commercial vehicles serving northeastern Pennsylvania small  businesses.   The Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area stretches across  Pennsylvania and New Jersey, preserving 70,000 acres of land on both  sides of the Delaware River.   Highway 209, which runs through Pennsylvania northwards into New  York, cuts directly through the middle of this national recreation  area. Up until the 1980s, there was heavy truck traffic all along Route  209, a heavily trafficked truck route.   In 1981, the National Park Service received jurisdiction over the  section of Route 209 within that national recreation area. Then 2 years  later, the 1983 Supplemental Appropriations Act closed this Federally  owned segment of Highway 209 to all commercial traffic, with one  exception: for light commercial vehicles serving businesses or people  located in, or along, the boundaries of the national recreation area.   Since then, this limited exemption for commercial vehicles has been  reauthorized by Congress multiple times on a bipartisan basis. In fact,  former Pennsylvania Republican Representative Tom Marino and I co-led  this same bill in 2018, this commercial vehicle exemption, that passed  this body by voice vote and was signed into law by former President  Trump. When that exemption expired last year, Congress included a short  1-year extension in the FY22 omnibus bill.   Mr. Speaker, that exemption expires the day after tomorrow, September  30. If Congress fails to renew the exemption, commercial traffic in  northeastern Pennsylvania will be faced with limited acceptable  alternatives. Commercial vehicles based in places like Monroe and Pike  counties, in my district, would have to travel, as the gentlewoman  mentioned, an extra 10 miles to avoid the Delaware Water Gap National  Recreation Area, and small businesses locally would be hurt needlessly.   Mr. Speaker, that is why I have introduced H.R. 6364, which would  simply extend the existing commercial vehicle exemption until September  30, 2026.   With this extension, qualifying commercial vehicles will be allowed  to continue using the Federally owned portion of Route 209, with an  annual permit.   My bill would also ensure that emergency vehicles and school buses  could continue utilizing sections of Highway 209 within the boundaries  of the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area, toll-free.    This is a commonsense bipartisan piece of legislation that is not  only supported by the National Park Service and local officials but is  also broadly supported here in the House, having passed unanimously out  of the House Committee on Natural Resources in July.   Mr. Speaker, I will say, despite what my friend across the aisle has  said, the National Park Service has confirmed that the exemption  authorized under this bill poses no safety concerns.   On behalf of the entire Commonwealth, I thank Pennsylvania Republican  Representatives Meuser and Fitzpatrick for cosponsoring this bill, as  well as Senators Toomey and Casey, who are championing this very same  measure in the Senate.   This legislation would go a long way toward protecting northeastern  Pennsylvania small businesses and our regional economy, and so it is  gratifying to see that we have bipartisan support for it again.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote  for the bill.   