 Mr. President, colleagues, with Senator Kaine as my  witness, I, like many of you, had an opportunity to stand here  yesterday to begin to speak on the issues before us--the need for this  urgent and critical voting rights legislation and our opportunity to  act this week in the spirit of the holiday we celebrated on Monday,  Martin Luther King Day.   Before I get into my substantive remarks, I just feel compelled to  respond to a couple of items that Senator Hagerty just mentioned. And  if he is willing to stay and listen, that would be appreciated, but  that is his choice.   You know, a couple of our Republican colleagues have made mention to:  Well, we shouldn't focus on voting rights; there are other pressing  issues at hand, things like the economy.   Well, last I checked, because of our actions last year, especially  the investments in the American Rescue Plan, wages are up and  unemployment is at record lows.   Democrats are taking action. We have been called out on what are we  doing to address supply chain issues. We have acted. The infrastructure  and jobs act has been signed by the President, and I can attest that in  the Ports of Long Beach and Los Angeles, the percentage of containers  waiting to be picked up is drastically down. Democrats are taking  action.   COVID. Yeah, we are still dealing with this once-in-a-century global  health pandemic. But imagine how much better a position we would be in,  how many lives we would have saved, if the Trump administration took  responsible action much earlier in this pandemic, and imagine how fewer  cases and deaths we would have to count if more people would get  vaccinated.   Senator Hagerty, like many Republicans, says: Well, when it comes to  voting and elections, we should be focusing on making it easier to vote  and harder to cheat. Who wouldn't agree with that?   But here is the truth. Here is reality. We know what it takes to make  it easier to vote. That is what we are calling for in the Freedom to  Vote Act, and I will go through some of the specifics here in a minute.  But ``the harder to cheat'' misses the point. The evidence is there.  The data is out there. Massive voter fraud doesn't exist. Voter fraud  is exceedingly rare in America. So we got the ``harder to cheat'' part  down, if only Republican Senators and legislatures and Governors, for  that matter, would embrace the proven reforms that make it easier for  eligible Americans to cast their ballot in our democracy.   But the most egregious, I just have to say, when Senator Hagerty  suggests that changes to elections law should only be done after  careful debate and broad support, I invite him to say the same things  to Governors and legislators in Georgia, in Texas, in Arizona, and  elsewhere, and I will go through some examples in the course of my  presentation.   But, colleagues, as I have had an opportunity to share with many of  you, you know that, before I joined the Senate last year, I served for  6 years as California's chief elections officer. I served as California  secretary of state, the largest State in the Nation with the largest  and most diverse electorate in the Nation. And in that role, I had a  chance to oversee a side of election administration that most Americans  and most U.S. Senators never really experience. Former State  secretaries of state serving in this body: Senator Blunt, Senator  Brown, Senator Manchin, and myself, the most recent. And my experience,  by the way, included overseeing the administration of the November 2020  Presidential election in the most populous State in the Nation.    So I want to take a few minutes to explain exactly how the Freedom to  Vote Act will help all voters and respond to some more of the claims I  have heard about this bill from my Republican colleagues.   See, the purpose of the Freedom to Vote Act is to give every eligible  [[Page S294]]  American more choices about how and when they cast their ballot. No  matter where you live, no matter which State, no matter which ZIP Code,  no matter your political party preference, you deserve multiple, safe,  secure, accessible options for registering to vote and for casting your  ballot.   Isn't that what we were all supposed to have learned in high school  government class; that our democracy works best when as many people  participate--the will of the people, not the will of the few, not the  will of the privileged few, the will of the people.   But today voters in different States take different paths to the  ballot box, some more difficult than others, needlessly. And sometimes  what some of you may view as a small obstacle can add up to a big  deterrent to participation, depending on where you live, depending on  where you work, depending on your disability, and more. That is why the  Freedom to Vote Act is so critical. It will help all Americans by  guaranteeing the same baseline of access to the ballot to all eligible  Americans.   And, no, this is by no means a Federal takeover of elections. I  appreciate that several of my colleagues have gone through the history  of Congress acting to protect the right to vote and to improve  elections. So let me really bottom line it and make this point. With  the passage of the Freedom to Vote Act, it is not Congress that will be  distributing ballots or the Federal Government that will be collecting  ballots and counting ballots. Election administration will still be  local. What we are doing is setting a baseline for access to the ballot  for all eligible Americans, and, yes, it is appropriate for us to do  so, as Senator Klobuchar, Senator Peters and others have referenced the  Constitution, referenced prior congressional action, and I will point  it out too.   It has already been pointed out that in the Constitution, the  Constitution of the United States, ``The Times, Places and Manner of  holding Elections for Senators and Representatives, shall be prescribed  in each State by the Legislature thereof; but the Congress may at any  time by Law make or alter such Regulations.''   That is what we are seeking to do.   But I really want to up the ante, folks, and I need you to listen to  me because there are two important words. Senator Peters gave you the  list, right? The Voting Rights Act, the Help America Vote Act, the  National Voter Registration Act, 1993, passed on a bipartisan basis. In  it you will read that ``it is the duty of the Federal, State, and local  governments to promote the exercise of [the fundamental right to  vote].''   I call your attention to two words, ``the duty'' of government--not  the option, not the if you wanna, not the may.   The duty of government, to what? To promote the exercise of the  fundamental right to vote--not just to sit back and make sure that  elections are run fair and square, not just to say: Hey, it is up to  you voters if you want to register to vote. Government has a duty to  promote the exercise of the fundamental right to vote.   So now to the specifics of the Freedom to Vote Act and how it tries  to live up to that duty of government to promote. Well, as we all know,  you can't vote unless you are registered to vote, and different States  have different options for how to register to vote. Once upon a time,  you had to present yourself in person at a county courthouse. Imagine  the innovation that it took, the getting out of the comfort zone, once  upon a time, for folks around the country that we had the audacity to  suggest: Wait a minute. You can register to vote by mail or sign a  voter registration card under penalty of perjury that your information  is true and correct, attesting to your eligibility.    Now, some States have only the option of voting through that card or  in person. Other States have innovated and accepted things like online  voter registration--imagine that--or automatic registration, same-day  registration.   Again, I want to talk to you in a minute about that. But let me give  the big picture of why it is important. The numbers are out there. The  data is out there. Who is it who tends to be eligible to vote in  America but not registered to vote? Disproportionately, communities of  color, disproportionately low-income communities, disproportionately  young people--eligible voters--but voters of color, potential voters of  color, young people, and low-income are disproportionately not  registered.   So we can either act--as the NVRA says, we have a duty to promote--to  increase those registration numbers or not. To live up to the duty, we  need to, and if we don't or perhaps even if we make it harder to vote  or stay registered to vote, who are you disproportionately affecting?   So Republicans can deny their intent. We know the true effect of  making it harder to register to vote or to stay registered to vote.   So, again, different States have different options. In Alaska, you  can register in person, by mail, online, automatic voter registration.  In California--yes, I am proud--in person, by mail, automatic  registration, online, election day same-day registration. In Texas,  Mississippi, only in person or by mail.   Different States, different rules.   Everybody deserves the same opportunity. So why the value of online  voter registration? Well, first of all, it is convenient, right? There  is a whole lot that people have become accustomed to doing online.  Second, for the ``good government'' types and the folks who want to  make prudent use of precious taxpayer dollars, it lowers administrative  costs. When you allow voters to register online, it is seamless; it is  quick; and it is easy.   I have been to county election offices where you have clerical staff  sitting there with a pile, a stack of voter registration cards that  they have to read and input by hand--not very efficient. Online voter  registration increases efficiency and, by the way, accuracy. I don't  have the best penmanship. Can you imagine the clerical staff and county  offices trying to make out, well, how do you spell this name that can  be spelled three or four or five different ways. Online registration  reduces those types of errors and cleans up the voting rolls and is  very cost-efficient to implement and has been proven, in State after  State, to be safe, secure, and effective.   But should online registration be the only option? No. And we  shouldn't take away the in-person or paper registration. Some States  have innovated automatic voter registration, where we take advantage of  the opportunity when citizens are interfacing with their government-- particularly the DMV. Ninety percent of eligible voters in America will  either have a driver's license or a State ID. And what are we asked to  provide when we conduct that transaction? We are asked to provide our  name, our address, our date of birth, a signature attesting to the  accuracy of our information--all the same information that is asked for  when we are registering to vote. So it is just common sense to utilize  that same transaction for eligible citizens to seamlessly be registered  to vote at the same time.    Going back to the National Voter Registration Act, which requires  voter registration opportunity for people when they go to their  Department of Motor Vehicles, that will serve as an opt-in model.  Thanks to technology today, we can implement this opt-out model. You  still have the option as a voter to not be registered to vote, if you  choose not to, but the default is, if you are eligible, you are added  to the voter rolls. And similar to online registration, it has been  proven safe; it has been proven secure; it has been proven effective.  From an elections perspective, it is wonderful. It doesn't just capture  previously eligible but unregistered voters now adding them to the  voter rolls. If you are already registered to vote, when you renew your  license or your voter ID--guess what--you are asked: Is this your  current address?   Now, when most people move, they are quick to do the change of  address through the post office because they don't want to miss out on  their mail. You are updating your driver's license or your ID because  it has to reflect your current address. But a lot of people don't think  of, ``Oh, let me call the county and update my voter registration.''  This is a seamless and effective way of doing that.  [[Page S295]]    In California, our experience, similar to other States, for every new  registered voter that was enrolled through automatic registration, you  had at least two voters who updated or confirmed the accuracy of their  registration. So, collectively, it leads to the most accurate voter  rolls we have had in a long, long time.   Isn't that worth doing? Isn't that in the interest of election  integrity?   And it is not a partisan idea. States, not just California, States  like Alaska, represented by Republicans, have automatic voter  registration. The State of Maine, which has sent to this body a  Republican and an Independent, has automatic voter registration.   Now, here is a true lover of democracy's perspective on automatic  registration. Reverend Warnock, I hope you can appreciate this.   Colleagues, think about it. If you are eligible to vote in America  today but not registered, you do not receive the State's voter  information guide if your State provides one because you are not on the  list. If you are eligible to vote in America today but not registered,  your county doesn't send you your sample ballot to know when election  day is, where to go, and what we are voting on. If you are eligible to  vote in America today but not registered, chances are candidates and  campaigns aren't knocking on your door or calling you during dinner or  flooding your mailbox trying to engage you in the democratic process.  Maybe the smart campaigns and candidates are trying to reach out to  more voters, but, by and large, that doesn't happen. So the sheer  addition of adding eligible Americans to the voter rolls creates that  activity.   Imagine that--civic engagement. Imagine that--participation in our  democracy. But why stop there?   Same-day registration option. What if you missed a prior artificial  deadline of registering to vote or updating your registration and come  election day you are still 18 years or older and a citizen of the  United States? You deserve the opportunity to have your voice heard in  that election and election administrators know how to do this. You can  register to vote, and whether your registration is automatically  processed for jurisdictions that have the technology and the history to  do so or your registration is held and your ballot is held, you can  still cast your ballot, have the county process your registration, and  your voice is heard in that election. That is what democracy is  supposed to be about.   And, again, not partisan. Twenty States, including Republican-leaning  States, have already implemented same-day registration, including  Wyoming, Idaho, and Utah. California implemented--we technically call  it conditional voter registration, but starting in 2017.   In 2020--just to give you a flavor for what it means. In 2020, nearly  270,000 California voters were same-day registered, 270,000. That is  like half of a House district. Of all in-person California voters in  2020, nearly 10 percent were same-day registered.   The others--you know, why such a big number? Because so many people  voted by mail, voted early, et cetera. And it is not partisan. Of the  same-day registrants, when the registrations were processed, 36.2  percent were not affiliated with any political party. This is 32  percent Democrats and 25 percent Republicans. So it is not partisan. It  is good for everybody.    As we know, registration is only half the battle. Just because  somebody may be registered doesn't guarantee that they are going to  cast their ballot.   In going back to the NVRA, folks, the government has a duty to  promote the exercise of our fundamental right to vote. So we have a  duty to implement this, and these are proven reforms on the  registration side.   What about on the casting your ballot side?   Again, once upon a time, you had to show up in person on election  day, only between this hour and that hour, at one designated location.  In this modern economy, with so many different types of work schedules,  that is not exactly easy. I live in Los Angeles, where we have this  thing that we call traffic. So, if you have a job that is no longer 9  to 5--imagine--and you have to drop the kids off at school before you  leave for work and have a full day and are dealing with traffic in  getting back and have to get the kids from school and have to get  dinner on the table, now I have got to go to one designated location  and be in line by a certain hour to vote. There has got to be a better  way, and there is.   Depending on the State where you live, you have options that include  voting on election day in person; voting in person but early, prior to  election day; or voting by mail--again, all proven, secure, effective  ways to cast your ballot. But we have a mishmash across the country.  California and Alaska, by the way, have election day, vote-by-mail, and  early voting. In Texas, it is on election day only or early voting, but  there is very limited vote-by-mail. In Mississippi, sorry--election day  only. In Connecticut, sorry--election day only. Yes, even Democratic  States have room for improvement in making the process easier.   We shouldn't be hampered because of the demands on our time--family  obligations, work obligations. That is why States like Utah were early  proponents of voting by mail. It is why States like Arizona were early  proponents of early voting. So we should strive to provide all voters  in America the same baseline of access to the ballot. Duty to promote-- before the Freedom to Vote Act, that is exactly what we were trying to  do.   At this point, let me just reply to something our colleague Senator  Cornyn referenced. I wish I could borrow, right now, the board that he  had right next to him. Did you guys see that big ``94 percent'' that he  had on the board? He was citing a Pew Research Center report that said  94 percent of voters in the November 2020 election found it easy to  vote. That is great, and I will tell you why.   It is because, in 2020, because of the threat of the pandemic, even  States that were resistant prior to affording voters more early voting  options knew that it was smart to do so in order to reduce crowds and  long lines on election day. That is why States that were even reluctant  prior to 2020 to expand their vote-by-mail opportunities knew that it  was smart to do so so that people could vote safely and securely from  home, and it worked. It was the most secure election in our history,  with record turnout.   So, if that is the case, why go backward? Why go backward? Because  that is what they are doing in the States that have introduced and  passed--what?--33, 34--and counting--laws that are making it harder to  register to vote, harder to cast their ballots, which is contrary to  the NVRA--duty to promote.   So what are the options for early voting?   As we mentioned, we want to be specific. See, most States already  have some sort of in-person early voting opportunity, but it is  inconsistent. Some offer weekends; some don't. Some offer evening  opportunities to vote; some don't--or before work hours and after work  hours. Every voter, regardless of the demands on your time, deserves  equal opportunities to vote prior to election day, in person, if that  is your choice.   Mail voting. Again, a lot of States have some sort of mail voting,  but we are specific to no-excuse voting by mail. Voting by mail is  secure. It has been proven to be secure. So why have only a limited  subset of the electorate been able to benefit from that? We saw it work  beautifully in November 2020. Imagine how much better it could work  once we are past the pandemic. Mail voting was pioneered, actually, in  a lot of Western States, not blue or red. North Dakota, South Dakota,  Wyoming, Idaho, and Nebraska came along with Utah in doing all-mail  elections in addition to Oregon, Washington, Colorado, and California.   Let me tell you the other beauty of vote-by-mail, especially when we  cover postage. I don't have a roll of stamps in my kitchen drawer  anymore, as very little is done that way, but when you are voting by  mail, we can cover that postage delivery. You get your ballot in the  mail; you give it back to your letter carrier; and it gets back to the  county and is counted.   Some people may wonder, though--and we have had this battle across  the country and in these Chambers over the course of the last year-- about what is happening at the Postal Service these days. Is mail  quick? Is it slow? What about the pandemic? What about changes in  processes and procedures under the postmaster?  [[Page S296]]    Well, in California--Colorado has it, as well, and other  jurisdictions across the country--we have a tool that allows voters to  track their ballots through the mail. This is going to blow your mind.  Imagine signing up to receive either phone calls, emails, or text  messages on the status of your ballot through the mail service. Wow.   Mr. Padilla, the county just mailed you your ballot. Be on the  lookout, right? It is going to come in the next few days.   When I return it, I receive confirmation that the Postal Service has  taken possession of it, confirmation from the county when they have  received my ballot, and confirmation when my ballot has been counted.   It is a great tool for administrators because you can identify  bottlenecks in the delivery service, and you can go to a local branch  and say: Hey, folks. Sorry. The Macy's catalog can wait another day. We  have to get these ballots out on time because election day deadlines  are looming.   Then, for a voter to have that peace of mind that my ballot arrived  and my vote was counted and my voice was heard, it is great for  transparency and great for public confidence in the electoral process.  That is what vote-by-mail provides.   So, similar to voter registration, with multiple, safe, secure  options, it should be the same with voting, with multiple, safe, and  secure, proven options--all to help us live up to the obligation, the  duty, to promote the exercise of our fundamental right to vote.   That is the opportunity that we have before us today, colleagues,  either by approving the measure that has been sent over to us from the  House, which encompasses both the Freedom to Vote Act and the John  Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act, or if we can't do it consistent  with our current rules, then let's amend the Senate rules to allow us  to do that--to protect the right to vote for all Americans--because our  right to vote is under attack.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from Louisiana.    Mr. President, I request a brief opportunity to respond  since my name and my State were invoked by Senator Cassidy on this--you  have got to give Republicans points for creativity on their  terminology--some type of ballot harvesting. Let me tell you  specifically what he is referencing because, again, different States  have different rules and different histories.   In my speech, I talked about vote-by-mail. In California, we have  seen the wisdom of every eligible voter automatically receiving a  ballot in the mail with multiple options for how to return their  ballot, including in person if that is their choice, through the Postal  Service if that is their choice, through ballot drop boxes if that is  their choice.   If, after all that--in-person early voting, election day, vote-by- mail, Postal Service, drop boxes--if, after all of that, a voter  decides for themselves that they need or would like assistance with  returning their ballot, that is the voter's prerogative.   Imagine that--asking a family member, a neighbor, or a friend: Can  you do me a favor? Can you make sure this gets to a mailbox or the  polling place in time for my vote to be counted?   Yes, there is a requirement in California that if you are somebody  assisting a voter with returning their vote-by-mail ballot, you, too,  have to sign that return envelope, the official return envelope, and  your relationship with the voter--relative, friend, neighbor, et  cetera.   Imagine that--empowering voters to decide for themselves how to  return their ballot. That is what it is. They don't call it ballot  harvesting because--once again, what are Republicans proving time and  again they are interested in doing? Making it harder for eligible  people to register to vote, stay registered to vote, and actually cast  their ballot.   I just wanted to clarify what it is that we are talking about here.   I yield the floor.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from Colorado.   