 Mr. Speaker, first of all, I thank the floor manager,  Mr. Green of Texas, and I stand with my colleagues and Chairwoman  Maxine Waters of California who I know is watching this debate in  support of the Financial Services Racial Equity, Inclusion, and  Economic Justice Act. I wish her a speedy return, but I thank her for  the tremendous amount of work put into this piece of legislation, which  would transform countless American lives for the better.   I specifically highlight the inclusion of the CDFI Bond Guarantee  Program Improvement Act--Community Development Financial Institutions-- a priority of the CDFI community. I thank Congressman William Timmons  from South Carolina for his partnership in advancing the bill through  the Financial Services Committee by voice vote in committee markup last  month.   According to the CDFI Fund in 2019, 33 percent of CDFI lending was in  high-poverty areas, but we have got to do better. Seventeen percent was  in rural areas.   CDFIs are instrumental in providing affordable capital to communities  typically excluded or underserved by the mainstream financial system. I  am proud of committee efforts to provide additional resources to these  mission-driven community institutions that have faced several  challenges in recent years.   Prior to the CDFI Bond Guarantee Program, CDFIs were extremely  limited in their ability to access capital to make large-scale  investments in community facilities, basic infrastructure projects, or  job-generating businesses. The CDFI Bond Guarantee Program was enacted  to provide long-term, low-cost capital to CDFIs which use the funding  for economic development activities in low-income urban, rural, and  indigenous communities.   My bill would authorize the program and reduce the minimum issuance  from $100 million to $25 million, opening up the program to smaller  CDFIs and to support more community development projects such as loans  to small businesses, commercial real estate, affordable housing, and  healthcare facilities all across the Nation.   Mr. Speaker, I urge the passage of this bill.   