 Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   Mr. Speaker, today our law enforcement officers are under immense  pressure as they face more and more criminal activity with fewer and  fewer resources.   Often, officers are called on to respond to high-stress situations  involving people who are an extreme emotional or altered mental states.   This bill will help law enforcement to better understand and interact  with individuals experiencing traumatic brain injuries or post- traumatic stress disorder.   While traumatic brain injuries affect people of all ages and  backgrounds, data suggests that there is a higher prevalence among  certain groups, including veterans, the homeless, and those who have  been incarceration. These groups are also more likely to have  encounters with law enforcement.   Studies have shown that it is often difficult for law enforcement  officers to differentiate between those suffering from brain injuries  or PTSD, and those who are intoxicated by alcohol or drugs.   For example, common signs of intoxication, such as slurred speech,  outbursts of anger, slow response times, and forgetfulness can also be  signs of traumatic brain injury. Training officers to recognize the  differences between traumatic brain injury or PTSD and intoxication can  lead to more favorable outcomes for the officers and the individuals  they encounter.   This bill will require the Bureau of Justice Assistance within the  Justice Department to develop training that will inform officers on  what type of treatment and resources the individual may need.   For individuals suffering from traumatic brain injury, medical  referrals may be the most appropriate. This training will promote the  safety of our men and women in uniform and improve public safety in our  communities.   Mr. Speaker, in closing, it is important to note that seeing this  body support law enforcement, rather than to condemn it, is a welcome,  if only brief, departure from how Democrats have treated our police  forces over the past 2 years.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I am prepared  to close.   Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield  back the balance of my time.   