 Last Friday, Elon Musk released documents and very good  information relating to Twitter's interference in the 2020 Presidential  election by censoring the New York Post Hunter Biden reporting. Just  yesterday, Musk reportedly fired Twitter's general counsel, Jim Baker,  for his involvement in the censorship scandal. Baker, you might  remember, was general counsel at the FBI and was involved in the  Crossfire Hurricane investigation.   You can't make up these stories.   Musk also released information that showed that the Biden campaign  was involved in the censorship efforts. The information shows that  Twitter employees knew--actually knew--that they had no legitimate  basis to censor the Hunter Biden reporting but proceeded to do it  anyway. Twitter also removed links and blocked the reporting from being  shared by direct messaging on its platform. Folks that fought the good  fight against Twitter's extraordinary censorship were also locked out  of their accounts.   These documents that Musk made public made very clear that Twitter  was effectively an arm of the Democratic Party and the Biden campaign.  Twitter essentially gave the Biden campaign a massive in-kind campaign  contribution.   What Twitter and other big tech companies did in 2020 with respect to  censorship was as much an outrage then as it is today. Simply put, what  they did is expected of communist China, not the United States of  America.   Reports also indicate that the FBI warned Twitter during weekly  meetings before the 2020 election that hack-and-leak operations  involving Hunter Biden material were likely to occur in October of  2020. Well, the FBI had the Hunter Biden laptop since December of 2019,  almost a year before the election.   Information on it has been verified by liberal news outlets. It took  a long time for those liberal news outlets to admit that this wasn't  Russian disinformation.   So, then, I ask this question: Did the FBI do the same or did they  fail to do their due diligence?   I find the FBI's action in advance of the 2020 election to be more  than suspicious. It is too bad that just now, 2 years later, we get  this information from a person that bought Twitter and wants the public  to know what actually went on.   Now, some of you remember that Senator Johnson and I released our  first report on the Biden family connections to communist China on  September 23, 6 weeks before the 2020 election. And you know, if you  remember, at that time it was swept up into the Hunter Biden censorship  fiasco not long after. So, too, was our second report, which we  released on November 18, 2020.   But we were more than just censored. Before we even made the first  report public, the liberal media and even some of our Democratic  colleagues tried to smear us with false claims that our work was  connected to you know what--Russian disinformation. My Senate  colleagues went into full Joe Biden protection mode.   So here we have four elements to this fact pattern that ought to  shake up every Member of the U.S. Senate and shake them up to their  very core. No. 1, the FBI got their hands on Twitter via these weekly  briefings--the weekly briefings that I have already expressed existed-- and planted seeds regarding future hacked material relating to Hunter  Biden. No. 2, the FBI improperly labeled information it possessed on  Hunter Biden as you know what--disinformation. No. 3, the FBI provided  an unnecessary August 2020 briefing to me and Senator Johnson that was  used by some Democrats and by the liberal media to try to undermine our  investigation that started well before the 2020 election. No. 4, the  liberal media repeatedly and falsely labeled my and Senator Johnson's  investigation as you know what--Russia disinformation.   Now, all of that happened in the runup to the 2020 Presidential  election.   In the long run, these false allegations and bad faith efforts  against me and Senator Johnson didn't work, as everybody knows now but  didn't know at the time.   For example, in this Congress, Senator Johnson and I gave floor  speeches on these dates in 2022: March 28, March 29, and April 5.  Through those speeches, we introduced bank records connecting Hunter  and James Biden to the Chinese communist regime. We sent hundreds of  pages of bank records to U.S. Attorney Weiss on October 26 of this  year, showing those very same connections--the same connections that  Johnson and  [[Page S7016]]  I made in our 2020 report. These are authentic bank records. They  aren't Russian disinformation.   President Biden still owes the American people answers about his  connections to Hunter and James Biden's business deals and  arrangements. He owes the American people an explanation as to how much  he knew about their businesses and personal relationships with  communist China.    On October 13 of this year, I wrote to the FBI telling them that I  know it possesses documents that indicate Joe Biden was aware of Hunter  Biden's business arrangements and may have been involved in some.   In conclusion, since Senator Johnson and I began our Biden  investigation August 2019--now, remember, 14 months before the 2020  election--now, after all that, our work has been substantiated. Big  Tech censorship may have succeeded in the short term; however, the  truth eventually sees the light of day. And I thank the new Twitter  owner for his transparency. Accountability should follow.   