 Mr. President, our overwhelmed Customs and Border  Protection personnel have already encountered more than 2 million  illegal immigrants and counting just this fiscal year.   This is a larger group of people than the entire populations of 14  States, and this record-shattering 2 million apprehensions only counts  the subset of people who were actually caught. Experts estimate  hundreds of thousands more people on top of that number who simply got  away.   The latest reports say that CBP encountered more than 200,000 people  just in the month of August alone, and more than 20 percent of those  people were not first-time border crossers but rather repeat offenders  who had already previously been expelled or deported; tens of thousands  of individuals who had already been thrown out, flooding back in every  single month.   Orderly, legal immigration is part of what makes America strong;  anarchy and open borders make us weak.   There is nothing compassionate or humane about the border crisis that  Democrats' mixed signals and failed policies have unleashed.   It is not fair to American citizens; it is not fair to law  enforcement; and it is not fair to the people who have been encouraged  to undertake desperate and dangerous journeys by years of Democrats  signaling to the world that there are no real consequences for breaking  our laws and cutting in line.   Vice President Harris says ``the border is secure.'' The American  people know better, and they are furious. Illegal immigrants know  better as well.   For years, Washington Democrats have attacked Republicans for calling  for basic border security and law enforcement. The Democratic Party  line throughout the last 5 years has been that enforcing existing  immigration law would be cruel and securing our borders would be  xenophobic, but over the last few days, some liberals seem to have  changed their tune.  [[Page S4830]]    Out of desperation, a few Governors along our southern border are now  giving some Democrat-run States and cities just a tiny, tiny taste of  what border communities have been enduring, literally, for years.   According to the Washington Post, the total number of individuals  whom Texas and Arizona have helped relocate to New York, Washington,  and other places in recent months is roughly on the order of the number  of illegal immigrants who arrive at our southern border in a single  day--1 day.   All those cities combined have had months to accept, between them,  approximately 1 day's share of our Nation's illegal immigration.   But the Democratic mayor of New York City is now declaring that his  government's resources are ``at a breaking point''--at a breaking  point.   According to the Post, these border States have sent to New York City  less than 1 day's worth of illegal crossers, spread out over more than  a month, and the self-proclaimed sanctuary city apparently cannot take  it.   The Governor of Florida helped a tiny number of illegal immigrants,  about four dozen, secure transportation to the wealthy liberal  destination of Martha's Vineyard, filled with millionaires' mansions,  which appointed itself a so-called sanctuary destination back in 2017.   Apparently, this sanctuary destination tolerated, fed, and housed the  newcomers for less than 48 hours before having the National Guard  promptly put them on a ferry and remove them to a military base  instead.   Democrats, liberal activists, and the media are, predictably, melting  down. There are absurd accusations flying around that it is somehow  evil or illegal for Republican officials to help illegal immigrants  move within our country. That would be breaking news because, of  course, the Biden administration has been flying and busing illegal  immigrants around the country on a regular basis.    According to one report from early 2021, the Biden administration was  already filling Greyhound buses with people turning up at our border  and driving them to various destinations from the South to the Midwest  to the Northeast. Ah, but it was never to Martha's Vineyard.   So these well-to-do blue enclaves are finally witnessing the smallest  fraction of the challenges that open borders have enforced on working- class communities all across our country.   