 Mr. President, when it comes to America, I am an  optimist--always. You see, I can't help but approach the future with  great hope. After all, as Americans, we have never let obstacles stand  in our way or accepted that problems can't be solved.   Our citizens are the world's most ingenious; our military, its  mightiest; our economy, the strongest; and our innovators, the most  creative. The last century was defined by our accomplishments and our  ideals and I believe this one will be, too. But I have to say, this  path is not guaranteed.   Now as then, America's success depends on unleashing the potential of  our people and outcompeting and out-innovating global rivals who don't  share our values or our economic interests.   Right now, we are in the middle of a great power competition with an  authoritarian regime in Beijing that seeks global primacy and rejects  democracy. The Chinese Communist Party is currently investing $1.4  trillion in frontier technologies that will dominate the 21st century-- artificial intelligence, quantum computing, hypersonics, among other  key technologies. Its innovators are earning patents and publishing  research in AI at greater rates than our own. Its schools are producing  four times the STEM graduates as America's. The Chinese Communist  Party's computer and science universities are regularly outranking  ours.   Its military is making advances in cyber warfare and the development  of hypersonic weapons, autonomous vehicles, electronic and cyber  warfare, and orbital bombardment systems.   These are the technologies that will dominate the 21st century,  economically and militarily.   China's Government is planning on winning the AI race, winning future  wars, and winning the future. The truth is, if we are being honest with  ourselves, Beijing is well on its way to accomplishing these goals.  America is at risk of falling behind economically and technologically  to a world power that doesn't value liberty or even human life.   So how should we respond?   For too long, when it comes to Chinese aggression, America has relied  on a strategy of deterrence, taking steps like blocking Huawei from  doing business in the U.S., tightening export controls, and improving  foreign investment rules.   Now, these are important measures, but they are no longer enough. You  see, it is time to go on the offensive. And that is exactly what this  legislation--which has gone by many names from the Endless Frontier Act  to the U.S. Innovation and Competition Act to CHIPS+--will do: unleash  private sector innovation while significantly boosting Federal national  security investments.   Let me highlight a few specifics. First, this bill greatly encourages  domestic investment in semiconductor production. Right now, the USA is  almost entirely reliant on other nations for high-tech computer chips  that power our smartphones, automobiles, household appliances, and  military platforms. In fact, the recent shortage of these chips has  hobbled our economy; it has hit our pocketbooks.   For example, a shortage of computer chips forced General Motors to  idle its assembly plant in Fort Wayne, IN, twice already this year.  U.S. semiconductor production, once accounting for nearly 40 percent of  the world's supply, has dropped to just 12 percent, while China's  production share is increasing rapidly. Ninety percent of the chips  used in our military technology are made overseas. Let me say that  again. Ninety percent of the chips used in our military technology are  made overseas. Most are made in South Korea and Taiwan, but an  increasing number are produced in China. This is a very real economic  and national security vulnerability.   And this bill will reassert America's place in this industry and take  a giant leap towards ensuring that our supply chain and national  defense will never be at the mercy of technology produced overseas.   Another important aspect of this bill is critical applied research  funding. This legislation reforms and invests in the National Science  Foundation to partner with the private sector and universities to  develop critical emerging technologies that will transform the global  landscape. We know that national success and competitiveness in the  21st century economy will be built on emerging technologies like  quantum computing and artificial intelligence.   Funding research crucial to keeping America safe is one of the  Federal Government's responsibilities, and this legislation will help  us not just catch up with but overtake China in these critical areas.   And this bill will establish regional technology hubs across our  country,  [[Page S3711]]  which will become centers for the research, development,  entrepreneurship, and manufacturing of new key technologies.   This is incredibly important at a time when too many Americans in the  heartland feel left out and too many areas overlooked, when only a  handful of cities account for nearly 90 percent of job growth in these  advanced sectors.   Simply put, this bill will make America stronger, safer, and more  prosperous. And it is desperately needed. How do we know? Because the  Chinese Communist Party has actively lobbied against this legislation.  They know this bill is bad for China and good for the United States of  America.   This bill is about securing our country, giving our people the tools  to flourish, and ensuring America continues its global research role.   It has been a long journey to get to this point, but history will  show that by passing this CHIPS+ bill, we are confronting the  challenges of today and building a prosperous and secure tomorrow for  all Americans.   I urge my colleagues to support this legislation.   I yield the floor.   