 Madam President, I am going to take the prerogative as  President Pro Tempore to speak because I know the distinguished  Republican leader has already spoken, and I, of course, would have  yielded to him had he not.   It is always hard to say goodbye to friends, especially one as good  as Senator Shelby, and one with whom I will walk out of here arm in  arm.   But I would say that we have to think about the time when this body  and Nation are as divided as ever, Senator Richard Shelby's tenure  exemplifies a commitment to cooperation and fairness.   I have seen that not only in his public life, and what we see on the  floor, but I see it in meetings we have in his office or my office,  quiet meetings between the two of us, knowing we will always keep our  word.   And so I would say at the conclusion of the 117th Congress, the  Senate will lose a skilled leader and a true Senator of his word. That  has been the way with our decades of service together.   Senator Shelby's legacy, one marked by his intellect, his integrity,  will undoubtedly persist in this body and throughout the country.   My great mentor when I came here as the junior-most Member of the  Senate was Robert Stafford of Vermont. Senator Stafford was Mr.  Republican from Vermont, and he took me under his wing, and he said to  me: Patrick, always keep your word, but you find you will be the best  Senator if you learn to work across the aisle. You can work with people  of integrity, both Republicans and Democrats, and you will find, among  both parties, you will develop close friendships.   But more than a fellow Senator, I am proud to consider Senator Shelby  one of those great friends.   The reference we have seen before to distinguished Republicans and  Democrats--of course, we are all called distinguished Senators, but we  consider in my family, in my house, some more distinguished than others  but for different reasons. And a devotion to public service is  ingrained in Senator Shelby's character.   After he obtained his juris doctorate, Senator Shelby served as the  Birmingham city prosecutor--I always like Senators who have been  prosecutors--and an Alabama State senator.   I never got elected--or the opportunity to be elected as State  senator.   But he began in 1978 his congressional career by serving Alabama's  Seventh District in the House of Representatives, and for the last 36  years, Senator Shelby tirelessly served Alabamians in the Senate--a  person when they think of whom they look to, they look to him.   And he has been fortunate to serve with some very good Senators from  his State that have been friends of mine, a couple on the floor today.   He built an impressive resume. He served on the Senate Appropriations  Committee and the Intelligence Committee and the Banking Committee and  the Rules Committee. And on the Appropriations Committee, Senator  Shelby fought to allocate Federal dollars to key institutions and  infrastructure across Alabama, but he did it openly and honestly. He  should take great pride in his reputation as a leader who has truly  improved the lives of his constituents--something Senators should do.   And as two of the most senior Members of the Senate, I worked  alongside Senator Shelby for decades. We spent countless hours working  to pass the annual appropriations bills.   Together, we negotiated the end of the longest government shutdown in  U.S. history.   And I remember, Senator Shelby, you and I sitting there and deciding:  OK. We have an agreement ending the longest shutdown, and we told our  leaders--a Republican leader and a Democratic leader--that we had  worked out an agreement and here are the details. And they said, if you  two have worked it out, that is good enough. And within hours, the  longest shutdown ended--Senator Shelby coming on the floor announcing  and me having the honor of joining him.   We also share memories from traveling the world together on a variety  of key diplomatic missions.   Now, during that time, we had long discussions, candid discussions,  open discussions. Thank God, discussions did not have a record, as we  discussed what could be done better and should be done better in the  Senate.   We formed a great friendship. Our wives--his wife, Dr. Annette  Shelby, my wife, Marcelle--also had that friendship. And Dr. Shelby was  able to quietly give history lessons on every single place we went to  and would have--you remember this, Senator Shelby. The Senators and  spouses were with us of both parties and would just sit there and  quietly listen to Dr. Shelby--Professor Shelby.    This came in very handy once in a visit to Cuba, where the leader in  Cuba, President Raul Castro, was looking at us with suspicion, concern.  Dr. Shelby talked about the Cuban students she taught at Georgetown,  and, you remember, the whole atmosphere changed, and we all got along  well after that.   I could say so much more, and I will later, but I wish both you, my  dear friend, and Annette the best in the next role of life. I will miss  you. This will not be the same place without you, and it makes my  leaving here that much easier.   I yield the floor.   