 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for  the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, tens of thousands of Iranian citizens are  taking to the streets in dozens of cities across Iran as we speak. The  chant that is echoing across that ancient land is: ``Death to the  dictator.'' Yet Joe Biden and the Democrats in Washington would rather  make another disastrous deal with the ayatollahs and those who declare  ``death to America'' and who are, at this very moment, working to  assassinate American citizens on our sovereign soil. Barack Obama's  betrayal of the Iranian people during the Green Revolution is replaying  before our very eyes.   The latest revolt against the ayatollahs was inspired by yet another  reprehensible crime by this theocratic dictatorial regime against its  own people.   Last week, the ayatollahs' thugs, known as the morality police,  arrested a 22-year-old woman on the street for the heinous crime of  allegedly not wearing a head scarf in public. They threw her into a  police van; they brutally beat her on the way to the detention center;  they inflicted terrible injuries on her, from which she soon died.   Countless Iranians were immediately horrified by this cold-blooded  murder and are now taking to the streets to protest their illegitimate  outlaw regime. They are burning hijabs and protesting the oppression  under which they have suffered every day for 43 years. In the murder of  this young woman, we see the true face of the ayatollahs, a regime  which our President hopes to enrich with hundreds of billions of  dollars and to appease with yet another terrible nuclear deal. In fact,  just minutes ago, President Biden stood before the world at the U.N.  General Assembly, stating at great length that he would continue  negotiations toward this dangerous deal while offering only the  briefest and emptiest of words to reproach the ayatollahs for the  murder of this young woman for the grave crime of refusing to wear a  headscarf in public and only the briefest of words for the thousands of  protesters--at latest reports, seven of which have been murdered and  many more shot and beaten--I would say this does feel a lot like deja  vu, a replay of Barack Obama's betrayal of the 2009 Green  revolutionaries. And why did he betray them in 2009? Was he caught  flatfooted? Was he overwhelmed by events? Was he simply new to the job?  naive? even incompetent? No. He betrayed those Green revolutionaries in  cold blood because his one overriding objective was his terrible  nuclear deal with Iran.    He wanted a deal because he believed America was to blame for the  decades of tension and conflicts with Iran; that America had sinned and  we needed to atone for our sins against Iran and to pull in our horns;  and therefore he stood idly by so as not to offend the mullahs and  their street militias as they beat the Iranian people.   And, today, for the very same reason, Democrats are once again  selling out those brave Iranian protesters so they can once again try  to buy the friendship of the oppressive ayatollahs. The U.S. Congress  should stand with the Iranian people and prevent another betrayal by a  Democratic President. And  [[Page S4889]]  you wouldn't think it would be that hard. I mean, on face value, you  would think self-professed progressive Democrats would stand up as one  against a so-called morality police who arrested a woman for the grave  crime of not wearing a scarf over her hair in public and then beat her  so severely that she died in custody.   Imagine what would happen if this had occurred in, say, Saudi Arabia.  Imagine what these Democrats would be saying if a country in Western  Europe enforced its laws in this way. You would expect that Democrats  could marshal just a tiny bit of outrage--the tiniest bit of outrage  possible when the ayatollahs arrest a woman for not wearing a headscarf  in public and then beat her to death. But, no, they don't.   And to be honest, you don't even have to imagine these things either.  We see how the Democrats have treated Iran for 13 years--as if America  is at fault and we are the problem and Iran deserves an apology and  hundreds of billions of dollars and to be brought into the civilized  world. Look at how they treated Saudi Arabia as a pariah for years. In  fact, look at Barack Obama's entire response to the Arab Spring in  2011. It was just like his response to the Green Revolution in 2009 in  Iran. The Iranian people rise up in protest, silence; the people of  Egypt rise up in protest, Barack Obama withdraws political support for  Egypt's leader and demands his immediate resignation; protests in Libya  where Muammar Qadhafi had been scared straight by George Bush and had  come out of the cold, Barack Obama attacks his government and  overthrows him militarily; protests in Syria, silence.   What is the common thread in those responses in 2009 in Iran and 2011  in Egypt and Libya and Syria and 2022 in Iran? It is very simple. If  you are pro-American, you get condemned--maybe overthrown. If you are  anti-American, you get rewarded with hundreds of billions of dollars  and a blind eye toward your grave crimes against your people and your  aggression against America and our allies throughout the region. Again  and again, the Democrats excuse the crimes of our enemies while they  obsess over the flaws of our friends.   As Jeane Kirkpatrick, the legendary Ambassador to the United Nations,  once said--and it is true today of so many Democrats--``they always  blame America first.''   We cannot allow Joe Biden to repeat the mistakes of Barack Obama and  once again betray the brave people of Iran, which I would remind you is  a mortal enemy of the United States. So I call on my colleagues to join  me in standing with the people of Iran, with the brave people of that  ancient nation who stand in the streets today chanting ``Death to the  dictator,'' not with the dictator and the ayatollahs who still to this  day chant ``Death to America.''   I yield the floor.   