 Madam Speaker, we have heard a lot about self- determination today, but let's put that to the smell test.   The options that the Democrats are presenting to the Puerto Rican  people don't include the most obvious choice, to remain as a  commonwealth. So if you prefer the status quo, you are completely out  of luck. The Democrats have already decided you are not allowed to vote  for that. That is not self-determination. That is rigging an election.   Now, if none of the three options the Democrats have chosen for you  gets 50 percent, then there is a runoff, even if the option dropped was  the clear second choice of voters. And a narrow, transient majority  seems to be most likely, since the November 2020 plebiscite scored just  52.5 percent in favor of statehood, 47.5 percent opposed, with just 53  percent turning out to vote. Completely ignored is the right of all the  American people to discuss and decide so momentous and irreversible a  question as this.   Statehood would mean that in the next reapportionment, other States  will lose a total of four seats in the House of Representatives in  order to accommodate the Puerto Rican delegation.   Only about 20 percent of the population is fluent in English, which  means that we would be admitting a State whose vast majority is  isolated from the national political debate that is central to our  democracy.   Nor will statehood solve Puerto Rico's economic problems. Residents  would now have to pay all Federal income taxes from which they are  currently exempt. The GAO estimates that would cost Puerto Rico 70  percent of its existing manufacturing base. There is not even a CBO  estimate of the cost to American taxpayers of admitting a chronically  mismanaged and utterly bankrupt State government.   The economy of Puerto Rico is expected to underperform the national  economy, which is itself a disaster. For American taxpayers, it would  mean a new State that has the lowest per capita income in the country  and the largest per capita debt. Its labor participation rate is 40  percent, compared to 62 percent nationally. Forty-three percent of the  population lives below the poverty line. Its academic performance would  be the worst in the Nation.   So how does it benefit America to admit a State that would be the  most indebted, uneducated, poorest, and least employed State in the  Nation?    We don't get to consider that question, because under this bill,  Congress gets no further say in the matter once Puerto Rico has voted.  That makes it a blanket abrogation of the responsibility of Congress to  make these decisions in the best interest of all of the people of the  United States.   Whichever of the three options is chosen would be automatically  enacted without any further debate or decision by Congress. It hands  the constitutional authority reserved for the welfare of the entire  Nation to the hands of what would be a narrow and transient majority in  Puerto Rico.   The only debate in Congress on Puerto Rican statehood is the debate  that we are having right now, when the Nation is oblivious to the  legislation or its implications. Our constituents will awaken across  the country to the realization of a fait accompli that was quickly  rushed through the very last days of session with no opportunity for  national debate on the implications of making such a profound and  permanent change in the fabric of our Nation. This is as cynical as it  gets.   If the motion to recommit is adopted, I will introduce an amendment  that will require the question to be returned to the House for a full  national debate on such a momentous issue and require a two-thirds vote  to assure a broad, bipartisan consensus.   Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the  amendment in the Record immediately prior to the vote on the motion to  recommit.    Madam Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the  desk.    Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays.   The yeas and nays were ordered.   