 Madam President, I come to the floor tonight as we are  hearing media reports that President Zelenskyy of Ukraine will be  coming to Washington tomorrow to address a joint session of the U.S.  Congress. I hope that is an accurate report. I think it is important  that he come. This would be, by the way, the first time that he has  left Ukraine in 300 days--not since the start of the invasion, which is  now 300 days from today.   Against all odds, Ukraine has held out against the Russian assault.  Many thought that it would only be able to hold out for a week or so.  Instead, it has been 300 days. They have pushed Russia back in so many  places.   I am glad he is coming because I know what he will do is talk about  his deep appreciation for what the American people have provided. Every  time I have been with him--and I have traveled to Ukraine about 10  times since 2014--he talks about that. But, particularly, over the last  few months, I have been to Ukraine twice, and he focused on the fact  that they couldn't do it without us and the deep appreciation that he  feels.   Second, I know he will give us a firsthand report of what is going  on. Just this morning, he was in Bakhmut, which is in eastern Ukraine.  This is what it looks like in Bakhmut today. So he is going from a  ravaged battle zone--it looks a little bit like a World War I battle  zone when you see all the damage that has been occurring in this area.  He will be able to tell us specifically what is happening on the  battlefield and talk about the continued Russian atrocities that are  being committed in the country of Ukraine.   I am here for the 29th consecutive week on the floor of the Senate to  talk about this attack on Ukraine, a brutal, illegal, and totally  unprovoked war on a democratic ally of ours who just wants to live in  peace with its neighbors, including Russia. In each of these previous  28 speeches, I have talked about the progress that has been made and  some of the issues that the Ukrainian people still need to address,  particularly with regard to more technology and more weapon systems  from the West and from the United States.   Today, I thought it might be useful to step back and take a look at  how we got here and how far Ukraine has come over these 300 days. Let's  consider what the Ukrainian military has accomplished since that  initial Russian invasion of sovereign Ukrainian territory now over 8  years ago.   This first picture shows Ukrainian soldiers taking up positions in  Kramatorsk back in 2014. This was, again, right after the so-called  Revolution of Dignity when Ukraine decided to turn to the West--the  United States and Europe, democracy, free markets--and the Russian- backed, corrupt government was thrown out. Russia responded by  attacking Ukraine, taking Crimea and parts of the Donbas.   These are the Ukrainian soldiers at that time. You can look at this  very basic kit: old, rusted weapons; boots that don't look very sturdy;  helmets that look like they are from the Soviet era, and they probably  are; small anti-armor weapons that really did not have any ability to  stop the Russian armor. They couldn't puncture the armor in these  Russian tanks and other armored vehicles.   These were the soldiers who were tasked with stopping Russia's  initial invasion in 2014. Again, they look more like soldiers from the  1980s. In those days, the Ukrainian military was underfunded, faced a  lot of allegations of fraud, had a lot of corruption, and was  shockingly small. And that was on purpose because the Russian-backed  government didn't want an effective military.   In 2014, with the help of an assortment of militias, they were able  to slow Russia's advance just because the Ukrainians were taking the  high moral ground, but they were unable to push the Russian forces out  of the country or to keep them from taking Crimea and large parts of  the Donbas, which remained in Russian hands.   Let's fast-forward now to 2022, today, and see what our help has  resulted in. This is a photograph of what soldiers look like on the  frontlines today. This is in a trench in Bakhmut where you can see  modern firearms and helmets, body armor, additional gear and equipment  on their uniforms for extended operations in the field, and weapons  that can actually make the difference--for instance, the American-made  Javelin anti-armor missiles that were provided to them, which are so  effective against the Russian tanks and other armored vehicles.   There is an additional thing you can't see in this photograph or any  photograph, but it is really important, and that is training. These  soldiers in 2022 are far better trained than their predecessors, and  they are schooled in Western tactics. They are competent, disciplined,  and able to operate independently in uncertain circumstances. This  stands in sharp contrast to how Russia's military has conducted itself  in this conflict: overly centralized command and control, poor  discipline, and an unwillingness or inability to learn from their  mistakes.   This is the modern military that has shattered the sword of Russia's  war machine, and it was all made possible through the combined efforts  of the United States, American taxpayers, but also our allies across  the world--particularly the UK--did a lot of training. Our European  allies and the EU did a lot of training, particularly the Eastern  European countries in the region; also Canada.   We stepped up, and we helped to train the next generation of the  Ukrainian military, and through that, we have helped professionalize,  arm, and train Ukraine's military since 2014 to prepare for the exact  contingency that occurred earlier this year, which is a full-scale  invasion by Russia. Our efforts are paying off, as Russia's invasion  has floundered and its military has been truly denigrated.   If you need more proof of how successful our aid to Ukraine has been  over the years, let's look at this map. When the invasion came in  February of this year, all of this area in blue was occupied by Russia.  Ukraine has now taken back about 55 percent of its own territory,  liberated these areas, and they continue to make progress, as you know,  here in Kherson and here in the Kharkiv region and throughout eastern  and southeastern and northeastern Ukraine.    Russia had thought it had an easy battle on their hands. They thought  that within a matter of days or weeks, this entire map would be red,  that all of Ukraine would be theirs. Instead, since February, Ukraine  has liberated over 74,000 square kilometers of sovereign territory and  thousands and thousands--millions, in fact--of Ukrainian citizens who  have embraced these troops as liberators.   Ukraine's fighters have strong morale, but they will be the first to  tell you that none of this would have been possible without help from  this body, from the U.S. House, from the U.S. taxpayers, to give them  the tools they needed to protect their freedom. We have sent Ukraine  now billions of dollars' worth of military, economic, and humanitarian  aid since that attack in February--humanitarian aid that has saved  lives, economic aid that helps keep the Ukrainian Government and  economy afloat, and military aid that has enabled Ukraine's brave  defense of their homeland.   Javelin missile launchers helped stop the mechanized advance toward  Kyiv back in February and again in March of this year. But since the  summer, the most important weapon has been these high-mobility  artillery rocket systems, known as HIMARS. We have provided about 20 of  these units. Not a single one, by the way, has been taken out by the  Russian military. It is extraordinary. They shoot and they scoot, and  they are very effective. These same weapons have been provided, by the  way, to the Ukrainians by Germany and by the UK. So we are not alone,  nor should we be. Our allies should be there for Ukraine.   As I have said on this floor many times, these 20 launchers have been  game changers in the battlefield.   By the way, I see my colleague Senator Klobuchar is on the floor  today. When we were in Ukraine a few months ago, we were talking to the  U.S. Embassy personnel--a small, dedicated group who are there--about  what was happening. They said the day before  [[Page S9593]]  that they had ordered food in Kyiv, and when the food arrived in bags-- hamburgers, by the way--on the outside of the bag was written: Thank  you for the HIMARS. Thank you for the HIMARS.   We are told that newborns in Ukraine are often taking the name  ``Himar'' now. That is the degree to which they know and appreciate  what we have provided for them to be able to save their homeland, their  families, and their freedom. It is the long range and high precision of  these weapons that have enabled Ukraine to be so successful,  particularly going after Russian logistics--command and control,  cutting off the troops as they did in Kherson, forcing the Russians to  leave that city, the first major city that Russia occupied.   It is also critical that we send more air defense equipment,  particularly counterdrone weapons, to Ukraine right now. We have to  continue to provide Ukrainians with these air defense systems-- including cost-effective electronic warfare systems--that will enable  them to control the skies over the long term without exhausting their  stockpiles of anti-air missiles.   We know what is happening. As Ukraine is making progress on the  battlefield, Russia, out of desperation, is turning to civilian  attacks. Targeted civilian attacks--that is what is happening every  day, every night in Ukraine.   I was pleased to see recent reports that the administration may soon  be sending Patriot air defense systems to Ukraine to defend against  Russia's critical bombardment on these civilian targets, particularly  on critical energy infrastructure. In my view, this is long overdue.  Patriots are defensive. Of course, we should have sent those as soon as  we could and trained the Ukrainians on them, and we could have avoided  so much death and destruction, but it is good the administration is now  considering doing it. I would hope that we will hear something positive  on that soon.   Russia's Foreign Ministry predictably warned last Thursday that if  the United States delivers these air defense systems to Ukraine, it  would be ``another provocative move by the United States.'' They have  said this would result in a swift response from Moscow.   Ladies and gentlemen, this is clear propaganda. Patriot missiles are  defensive by their nature. They are not the same kind of missiles you  would fire into another country offensively. They are smaller missiles,  meant to kill missiles in the air and drones in the air and airplanes  in the air.   Any reasonable person can clearly see that the provocateur here is  not the United States or any other country; it is Russia, of course.  Ukraine has every right to defend its citizens, and I believe America  is well within its rights to help them do that.   This is more evidence that Russia's claims of American provocations  are baseless. They always have been. Javelins, Stingers, HIMARS, and  now Patriots--and every time, they have said that this is provocative.  They will continue to claim that anything we give Ukraine to disrupt  this genocidal invasion is provocative. So why do we keep letting these  illogical claims stifle our aid to Ukraine? Let's not let it happen  here with the Patriots.   For the past 10 months, I have seen news story after news story about  the United States refusing to provide this or that weapon to Ukraine  for fear of provoking Russia. They have been asking for weapons since  the very start that we have yet to provide: fourth-generation aircraft,  F-16s that are in other countries that are willing to provide them, but  they need our licenses--we need to approve it for those planes to go-- main battle tanks. They want to make this a conflict where they have a  chance, tank to tank, to be able to have Abrams tanks.   Long-range missiles like the ATACMS missiles that Ukraine has asked  for since the beginning of this conflict would have enabled larger  Ukrainian advances than the ones you see on this map. They would be  doing even better.   The same fear of provoking Russia is exactly what drove the Obama  administration, back in the day, to refuse to provide any lethal  assistance at all to Ukraine in 2014 and 2015. That certainly did not  stop the Russians from holding onto Crimea and parts of the Donbas. It  just emboldened them because they knew the United States was not going  to respond and, therefore, our allies, without our leadership, were not  going to help.   Likewise, refusing to give Ukraine the weapons it needs now will not  stop Russia's onslaught. No one can believe that. Russia will only  leave Ukrainian territory if it is pushed out by force of arms. It will  not suddenly decide to leave if we just give in to their unreasonable  demands and agree with them that, because it is provocative, we can't  provide it.   We have to continue to provide more aid to Ukraine and do it as soon  as possible. We can't allow a stalemate to set in or, worse, allow  Russia to regain the initiative during this critical time. Every day  this war drags on, there are more impacts on our economy and on the  global economy, and every day this war drags on, there are more war  crimes being committed by Russia.   Throughout my several trips to the region since the invasion began 10  months ago, I have spoken with women and children who have seen death  and destruction that few of us would ever imagine. Our military aid can  propel the forces of Ukraine to victory, but the mental and emotional  toll of this war will be felt for decades to come.   As Russian attacks on civilian infrastructure continued to knock out  power around the country, last Wednesday and Thursday, 7 civilians were  killed and a further 19 were wounded, according to a report from  President Zelenskyy's office. Yesterday, only 20 percent of Kyiv, this  modern city in Ukraine--only 20 percent of it--had lights.   And the war crimes do not end there. In the recently liberated city  of Kherson, Ukrainian officials discovered a room that Russian soldiers  had used specifically for the detention and torture of children.  According to the Ukrainian Parliament's Commissioner for Human Rights,  ``we saw the rock bottom in Kherson''. The children were given little  water and almost no food. According to locals, the children were also  subjected to psychological abuse. One 14-year-old boy was arrested and  tortured just for taking a picture of broken Russian equipment.   Who can hear these words and truly think that the Ukrainians or the  West are the true provocateurs here?   And that is just the war crimes we know about. And we know about a  lot of them now. We don't know what horrors are still being conducted  here behind the lines in occupied areas of Ukraine.   Unfortunately, Russia is making it abundantly clear that it will do  nothing to hold its soldiers accountable for these crimes in Ukraine. A  new bill making its way in the Russian legislature would effectively  legalize any and all war crimes committed by Russian soldiers in  Ukraine if those crimes are ``aimed to protect the interests of the  Russian Federation.''   As many of us have said for months, the pain and suffering inflicted  on the innocent people of Ukraine is the point, and now Russian  soldiers will have official legal cover to commit those atrocities.   This is a terror campaign--knocking out power and putting people in  the dark, in the cold, during the Ukrainian winter. We can't allow this  suffering to continue.   I will be leaving the Senate soon and ending my time in this great  Chamber. This is my last speech on the Senate floor about Ukraine, but,  before I go, a couple of thoughts about the future.   Ukraine can win this war. They have shown that. That ending has been  clear to many of us for a long time, if we provide assistance. Compare  Ukraine's military competence, bravery, discipline, and creativity on  the one hand; and, on the other hand, Russia's stunning incompetence  and lack of ability to control or even supply its troops.   There was a New York Times story over the weekend that you may have  seen in the Sunday Times about Russia's inability to provide troops  with their basic needs. Russia has fumbled every opportunity it has had  in this war, from its failed attacking on Kyiv at the beginning of the  invasion to its poor defenses of Kharkiv Oblast and the west bank of  the Dnipro River. Even their supposed victories in the Donetsk area  have come after long, grinding advances that come at the cost of  thousands of casualties. At best, these are pyrrhic victories that  reflect a serious inability to think or  [[Page S9594]]  learn creatively on the part of the Russian forces.   Ukraine, on the other hand, has had the moral high ground and the  morale and the spirit in this war since the first Russian soldiers  crossed the border with Belarus in the north and the lines of contact  here in the east. Ukrainian soldiers have either outright defeated  Russia's offensives, as they did in the north in the spring, or slowed  them to a crawl, as they have done in the east. Right now, Russian  forces near the city of Bakhmut are advancing no more than 100 to 200  meters a day, at a cost, we are told, of at least 50 Russian soldiers a  day.    And on the attack, Ukrainians have been brave, bold, and relentless.  Their liberation of the Kharkiv Oblast in September was a matter of  carefully testing Russia's defenses there. Once a weakness was spotted,  Ukrainian soldiers surged through the hole in the line. One week later,  all of the province was liberated. It was a beautifully executed  operation, which will likely be studied in military academies for a  long time to come. And it was American and European and Canadian  training that allowed that to happen.   In the south, near Kherson, it was a very different kind of  offensive. There, Ukrainian forces--provided with these HIMARS from the  United States, which we talked about earlier--gradually whittled away  at Russian forces to the point where the situation became untenable.  They couldn't be resupplied, and so they left, again, the one major  city that they had occupied.   One of the counteroffensives in Kharkiv required quick thinking and  an ability to rapidly exploit success. The other, in Kherson, required  meticulous planning and patience. They were two very different  operations. Yet Ukrainian soldiers pulled them both off.   That is why Ukraine can win this war. Its defenders are bold,  creative, smart. They have proven it to us. Every Russian missile fired  at the Ukrainian infrastructure to destroy the Ukrainian people's will  is a wasted missile. Why do I say that? Because the intention is to  make the Ukrainian people want to back off, to lose their resolve and  this morale and the spirit I talked about it. It has just the opposite  effect every time it happens, which is that it makes the Ukrainian  people even more resolved and even more intent to win this war.   The Ukrainian people are unbreakable, as we have seen, and once  Ukraine wins this war, I believe it will join the European Union, and  eventually it will join NATO. The EU granted candidate status to  Ukraine in June, which sent them down the path toward eventual  membership. That was a good sign. Since then, according to the chairman  of Ukraine's Parliament, Ukraine has already passed seven pieces of  legislation to adopt reforms that are necessary to join the European  Union. According to the Deputy Prime Minister, Ukraine expects to  become a full-fledged member of the EU within 5 years. That is the  future.   Regarding NATO, by the way, I have long supported Ukraine's intention  to join this alliance--the most successful military alliance, of  course, in the history of the world. None of this would be happening  were they in NATO already. And it is in line with NATO's longstanding  open-door policy. The alliance has always welcomed the application of  any and all eligible countries. And once Ukraine pushes Russia out of  all of its sovereign territory, I believe it can take this step. It  certainly would provide incredible military power to NATO.   Russia launched its initial invasion in 2014 and this larger one in  2022 precisely to keep Ukraine out of NATO, but all sovereign  countries, including Ukraine, have the right to decide their own path,  their own destiny, their own alliances, their own foreign policies. We  cannot legitimize the Kremlin's ridiculous demands by giving up now.  Plus, it is hard to think of a more qualified country to join NATO than  Ukraine. Russia has been the greatest threat to the alliance for at  least a decade. What better country to induct into NATO than one that  has extensive experience defeating that threat on the battlefield?   So it is in our interests, but not just in our strategic interests,  to aid Ukraine. It is also in our moral interests. If we falter in  support of Ukraine, we condemn millions of innocent Ukrainians to a  future of repression, a future of summary executions like we saw in  Bucha and Izyum. I have been there. I have seen the damage they did. I  have seen the place where they had a mass grave burying Ukrainian  citizens--a future of torture chambers both for adults and children  alike, a future in which the very idea of being proudly Ukrainian is  outlawed and punishable by torture or death.   If we falter, we allow President Putin to continue to threaten the  rest of Europe and potentially start a war with NATO that will draw in  the United States. We cannot do that. This aggression must stop here.   Ukraine and its Western allies are fighting to preserve freedom in  Europe and globally. How this war ends will have far-reaching  consequence, both on the rest of the continent and around the world. If  we can stop Russian aggression here, then we can deter other  adversaries.   They are watching. China is watching. Iran is watching. They are  watching and thinking about whether they should start similarly  horrific wars of conquests.    We must send a message to the rest of the world that America will not  back down when rogue nations threaten free countries. This has always  been America's role.   Today, I was at the National Mall seeing the prayer that Franklin  Roosevelt said on D-Day. This plaque has just been placed on the  National Mall based on legislation we passed here in this body. In that  prayer, Franklin Roosevelt says that American troops were not going to  Europe for conquest. It was not for the love of conquest. It was not  for the lust of conquest. Rather, it was to combat the Germans and to  stop conquests that American troops were there to liberate.   That is what we do. In this case, it is not our troops. They aren't  asking for our troops, but they are asking for the tools to be able to  be successful in liberating the people of Ukraine.   So I urge my colleagues to support the funding bill that was released  yesterday that includes $47 billion in assistance for Ukraine. We  talked about this before, but it will also support the military, the  civilians, and the government in Ukraine as that country continues to  fight off the invasion.   I know these are significant investments, and we must be good  stewards of taxpayer money. And I am very supportive of the  accountability measures that are in that legislation that are very  important--the end-use monitoring for our military equipment, the fact  that an American accounting firm, Deloitte, is there to ensure that the  money is properly spent, and that the World Bank gives us regular  reports and audits the funding. This is significant.   Ukraine, by the way, is for this transparency, and we should be too.  But as we are good stewards of American taxpayer money, let's also  remember that Ukraine is fighting for all of us. Ukraine is fighting  for all of us and fighting for freedom, and freedom is a worthy  investment.   I yield back my time.   