 Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, now, if a conservative majority on the  Supreme Court proceeds with their abominable decision to overturn Roe  v. Wade, the rights and the freedoms of every woman in this country  will face their greatest threat in generations.   Let's be clear. This is what the Republicans want. It is in the laws  Republican politicians have passed across the country. But the American  people are not on their side.   Today, I am announcing that next week, the U.S. Senate is going to  vote on legislation to codify a woman's right to seek an abortion into  Federal law. Let me repeat that. I am announcing that next week, the  U.S. Senate is going to vote on legislation to codify a woman's right  to seek an abortion into Federal law. I intend to file cloture on this  vital legislation on Monday, which would set up a vote for Wednesday.   All week, we have been seeing Republicans try to duck, dodge, and dip  from their responsibility for bringing Roe to the brink of total  repeal. That is what they have been trying to do for decades. Next  week, the American people will see crystal clear that when given the  chance to right this wrong, the Republican Party will either side with  the extremists who want to ban abortion without exceptions or side with  women and with families and with the vast majority of Americans.   Next week's vote will be one of the most important we ever take  because it deals with one of the most personal and difficult decisions  a woman ever has to make in her life.   This is not an abstract exercise. My fellow Americans, it is as real  and as urgent as it gets. Like my friend Patty Murray has said, this is  a five-alarm fire.   Senate Republicans spent years packing our courts with rightwing  judges. Will they now own up to the harm they have caused or will they  try to undo the damage? The vote next week will tell. Let me say that  again. Republicans spent years under Leader McConnell pushing rightwing  judges to lifetime appointments to the bench. They stole the nomination  of Merrick Garland, changed the rules of the Senate, and rammed through  three hard-right, hard-ideological judges to the bench. They spent  years encouraging radical legislatures as they passed scores of cruel  restrictions on abortion. One of those laws is, unfortunately, about to  be upheld in the Supreme Court.   Republicans can run, but they can't hide from the horror they have  created.  [[Page S2347]]  Republicans can run, but they can't hide. They have two choices: They  own it now or, miracle of miracles, try to begin to undo the damage.   Again, to my colleagues, to my fellow Americans, this is not an  abstract exercise in the slightest. Do you know why that is true?  Because the hard right is not treating it like an abstract exercise at  all. In recent years, they have been racing, bolting to pass unhinged,  cruel, anti-choice legislation that would catapult women's rights back  into the stone age. They have been prepared for this moment for years.   The Mississippi law before the Supreme Court, for example, has zero-- zero--exceptions for rape or incest--a position that would have been  regarded on the extreme of the extreme not too long ago. Imagine  telling a woman who was raped that some White male politician is going  to--White male judge is going to determine whether she has to continue  to carry the child--fetus.   In Arizona, the Governor signed a law that could imprison anyone who  ``provides, supplies, or administers'' an abortion by up to 5 years  should Roe be overturned--again, no exception for rape, no exception  for incest.   The infamous law in Texas, meanwhile, bans abortions as early as 6  weeks. Many women don't realize they are pregnant until after 6 weeks,  and, again, no exception for rape, no exception for incest.   Unfortunately, these are not aberrations. Twenty-six States have laws  on the books that would begin the process of banning abortions if Roe  is overturned. Thirteen of these are trigger laws, meaning these bans  would happen almost immediately after the Supreme Court decision.   This, it seems, is what the hard right wants--forced pregnancies, no  exception for rape, no exception for incest. Republican politicians are  telling America's women: Your body, our choice.   We cannot allow this vision of America to succeed. Come next week,  Senate Republicans will have to answer for everything they have done  over the years to embolden the hard right's hostility against a woman's  choice. They have tried to hide what they are doing. They tried to  downplay what they are doing. Those days are over.   You are coming clean--not clean, really, at all. Everyone is going to  know what you have done and how you feel.   Leader McConnell can duck at press conferences when asked if he is  happy to see Roe v. Wade go by the wayside, but he won't be able to  duck it any longer.   So our view is that America cannot allow this vision of America to  succeed. Come next week, Senate Republicans will have to answer for  everything they have done over the years to embolden the hard right's  hostility against a woman's choice. They will not be able to hide from  the American people. They cannot hide their role in bringing Roe to an  end. The vote will tell next week. America will be watching.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order  for the quorum call be rescinded.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to  consider Executive Calendar No. 708.    Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session.    Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to  consider Executive Calendar No. 773.    Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk.    Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the  mandatory quorum calls for the cloture motions filed today, May 5, be  waived.    I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   