 Mr. President, my children are grown now, but every time  that we moved or considered what neighborhood to live in, as they were  growing up and attending public schools, the first question we would  ask is, ``What about the schools?'' because we, like most parents,  wanted to make sure that our children went to the very best schools  possible. And if we had to dig a little deeper and figure out how do we  buy a house in a neighborhood that was in that school district, then we  would do it. But the sad fact of life is that many parents of lesser  means, of lower income, don't have the luxury of buying a house in a  neighborhood where a public school is excellent. In fact, many of our  children, because they don't have access to charter schools, are  literally trapped in failing schools, which will forever affect their  course of life, their development, the jobs they can qualify for, the  level of education they can achieve. All of that will be impacted  negatively by the fact that many of our young people go to schools that  are less than excellent and, in many cases, failing.   In 2010, I think it was, I saw the documentary called ``Waiting for  Superman.'' This was a story that in one way was exhilarating but in  another way it was very depressing because it was all about the lottery  system in New York's schools. If you were lucky enough to win the  lottery, you knew that your life and your future was going to be  forever impacted for the better.   But I still remember looking at the faces and the tears of the  children who did not win the lottery, who did not get to go to the best  schools, and they knew that their life, too, would be forever impacted  but in that case for the worse.   I am a firm believer that competition makes us all better. It makes  us work harder, strive for greater achievement. But I think the public  school system--in particular, the teachers unions--they don't want any  competition because they don't want anybody to show that our children  can be educated better--with better teachers, better training, better  facilities. And that is what the charter school movement has provided:  some competition, some basis for comparison.    If everybody is operating at this level, with no one operating at  this level, then everybody is going to continue to operate in a subpar  performance. Of course, I am not painting with a broad brush, but I am  saying that a lot of low-income children are condemned to bad schools  with no way out. And charter schools offer a way out for those  children.   Now, I think sometimes the term ``school choice'' gets confused with  charter schools because school choice, as I understand it, is more  broadly interpreted to mean parochial schools and that sort of thing-- private schools. But charter schools are public schools. We are talking  about high-quality, tuition-free public schools that are open to all  students.   In my State, in Texas, we have 900 charter schools. They don't serve  the elite. They don't serve the wealthy. They don't serve even the  majority population. In fact, 62 percent of Texas charter school  students are Hispanic. We have about a 42-percent Hispanic population.  So you can say that charter schools disproportionately benefit Hispanic  students.   Twenty-seven percent of the students that attend charter schools have  limited proficiency in English; that is, English is not their first  language. And  [[Page S7119]]  the overwhelming majority of students are economically disadvantaged.  In other words, their parents can't buy a house in the best school  district in town. Their parents don't have the money to send them to a  private school. And so charter schools represent the only real option-- public, tuition-free schools that are open to all students.   I am concerned that the Biden administration is too close to the  teachers unions that were responsible for much of the extended  lockdowns we saw during COVID-19, and many of their members basically  refused to go back to the classroom even though across the country  private schools and many other educational institutions were able to  continue--yes, observing social distancing, masking, all of the  protocols we became very familiar with during the pandemic. But they  continued to learn in person, in school--my understanding is, for  example, virtually all the Catholic schools because they depend on the  tuition dollars from parents, and parents weren't going to pay to have  their children learn sitting in front of a computer, if they were able  to learn at all. And we are only today beginning to skim the surface of  the kind of damage that occurred to our students--our children--as a  result of remote learning.   You know, I sort of envision a single mom with three children who may  not have even graduated from high school, much less college, herself,  worried about her own job, worried about being able to provide for her  family, with three school-aged children, all attending different grade  levels. I can't imagine being able to adequately supervise and make  sure that your children are able to learn in those circumstances. Maybe  you have three kids from three different grades with three separate  curricula sitting in front of a computer trying to pick up whatever  educational benefit that you can.   What we learned, as a result of the draconian lockdowns supported and  encouraged by Randi Weingarten and the teachers unions, is that many of  our children have fallen far behind. And it may take not months, not  weeks, but literally years to catch up, if they ever do.   So I don't really understand this idea of some of the Biden  administration and the teachers unions who don't like and won't  tolerate charter schools. Is it because they are OK with children being  trapped in failing schools? I can't really understand why they would  view this as a threat.   Public, tuition-free, high-quality charter schools--these are public  schools. They aren't private schools. These aren't for the elite. This  isn't for the rich. This is for overwhelmingly economically  disadvantaged students.   And so I support Senator Tim Scott. I applaud his leadership in this  area in saying that the Biden administration should not stand in the  way of these charter schools.   Every child deserves a quality education, and every parent deserves  the freedom to choose the school that will serve their child best.   So I appreciate the fact that Senator Scott is such a tireless  advocate for charter schools and is a champion of choices and  alternatives for parents, many of whom are economically disadvantaged  and have no other choice other than to send their child to a failing  school.   I hope our colleagues will join us in voting to overturn this  damaging new rule tomorrow when we vote on it.   I yield the floor.   I suggest the absence of a quorum.   