 Mr. President, on Sunday, a bipartisan group of Senators  announced principles for addressing the concerns over shootings like  occurred in Uvalde, TX, 3 weeks ago, and other places as well.   And I would say we have been making good progress, but we have run  into a couple of bumps in the road that have slowed things down a  little bit.   One of them is over crisis intervention programs, something we agree  is very important. I believe that we ought to put every State in the  position of seeking and receiving funds for crisis intervention  programs that they have in place already, even if they don't have a red  flag law.   ``Red flag'' has been what has been discussed and discussed many  times, but 19 States have red flag laws, but that means 31 States have  other crisis intervention initiatives that are designed to address the  same problem, which is people who are a danger to themselves and others  because of their mental health. It includes things like assisted  outpatient treatment programs, drug courts, mental health courts, and  veterans courts.   The other issue that we are wrestling with relates to the domestic  violence provision and the way nontraditional relationships are  handled. We need to define this in a very crystal clear way. It can't  be overly broad or open to interpretation. It needs to be something  that can actually be applied because we are talking about very serious  consequences here.   Of course, with both of these provisions, we must include rigorous  due process protections. That is a redline for folks on my side of the  aisle.   I know Senator Schumer, the majority leader, wants to put this bill  on the floor next week, but unless we can resolve these differences  over these two provisions and do it soon, hopefully today, then we  won't have time to prepare the text so Senators can read the bill for  themselves, which we would expect them to do. And so that is going to  require some continued work and good faith negotiations on all sides.   The details of these provisions are critical for support from my  colleagues on this side of the aisle, and I hope that our colleagues  across the aisle will understand, if we continue down this path without  resolution, that we are jeopardizing the timetable that the majority  leader has set out for us, or we are jeopardizing the likelihood we can  get to 60 votes for anything, and we know how hard this is.   I am eager to wrap up our negotiations, but we are not going to cut  corners or capitulate for the sole purpose of passing something. I am  not willing to compromise on some of my basic principles or throw the  Constitution out the window so we can have something we can hold up and  say: Look what we did.   There is a bipartisan appetite to get this done--that is good--and I  am optimistic about how far we have come, but we are not there yet, and  we need to continue and do so quickly to reach an agreement on language  so we can then write the text and have the vote.   From the outset, I said I wanted to identify targeted reforms that  could have prevented the recent tragedies in Uvalde and elsewhere. That  includes stronger mental health resources, which could have helped  Salvador Ramos before he became so sick that he killed innocent  children, and he  [[Page S2953]]  committed suicide, essentially, in the process. That includes school  safety measures, which could have prevented the shooter from actually  getting inside Robb Elementary School. It includes reforms to prevent  violence by criminals and other dangerous individuals.    The National Instant Criminal Background Check System is one of the  most effective tools we have to keep guns out of the hands of criminals  and people who suffer from severe mental illness, but it is not a  perfect system. It is only as good as the information contained in the  system.   For example, in 2017, in the shooting in Sutherland Springs--a little  town outside of San Antonio, TX, my hometown--what happened there  highlighted the gaping hole in the background check system. Despite the  fact that the shooter had a long and disturbing history of violence  that should have prohibited him from purchasing a gun, he was able to  do so because the Air Force in this instance had not uploaded his  felony convictions, his domestic violence conviction, or his mental  health commitment.   In response to Sutherland Springs, Senator Murphy and I introduced  the Fix NICS Act to ensure that all Federal Agencies accurately and  correctly upload the required conviction records on a timely basis.   Yes, this is the same Senator Chris Murphy whom I am working with now  to try to achieve success here. We have done it before, and I believe  we can do it again. Our bill was signed into law in March of 2018, and  in the first 3 years, 11\1/2\ million more records were uploaded into  the three national databases that the FBI checks. The number of records  in one of those databases increased by more than 30 percent alone. So I  think I can say with assurance that what we did together in 2018 has  saved lives because if it kept a gun out of the hands of somebody who  is already prohibited from getting a gun under current law, we will  have saved a life--maybe even the life of the shooter. Sixty percent of  the gun deaths in America are suicides. But I know we have saved at  least those lives and I think many others as well.   But, as the Uvalde shooting demonstrated, there is another hole in  the background check system, and that is juvenile records.   Salvador Ramos showed up at the age of 18 and had a clean record as  far as the background check system was concerned because it couldn't  look back at his troubled history, struggling with mental health and  law enforcement problems. So he showed up as if he had been born the  day before, and nothing else previously mattered because it wasn't in  the background check system.   If there are disqualifying criminal or mental health records, that  information should show up in the NICS system. In other words, if there  are things in your life that would disqualify you if you were an adult  but that happened before you turned 18, I think that is the information  we need and would want to have for purposes of determining who should  be able to purchase or possess a firearm. So that wall that prevents  the lookback into pre-18-year-old records is obviously a problem.   Four years ago, the Uvalde Police Department received information  about two male juveniles, 13 and 14 years old, who were plotting a  school shooting for their senior year. That was 4 years ago, and they  were plotting a school shooting when they graduated in--you guessed  it--2022. Now, there is no way for us to know for sure whether one of  those individuals was Salvador Ramos because those juvenile records are  not available to us. But I am here to say that if it is not Salvador  Ramos, then we have even a bigger problem. If there are two additional,  young, 13- and 14-year-old boys out there saying they are going to  shoot up the school when they become seniors, we have even a bigger  problem.   One of the provisions we are discussing would encourage the States to  upload similar relevant juvenile records into the NICS. This is  standard practice in some but not all States, and it is easy to see why  it is important.   If an 18-year-old is convicted of aggravated assault--a felony--the  record will show up in his background check and prohibit him from  purchasing a gun, but if a 17-year-old is convicted of the same crime,  the record will not necessarily be uploaded into the National Instant  Criminal Background Check System. If he tries to purchase a gun at 18,  the background check is likely to come back clean--again, because the  system is only as good as the information in it.   Let me give you another example. An individual can be adjudicated  mentally ill on his 17th birthday and actually be civilly committed for  multiple months in a mental institution, but that same person could  likely purchase a gun at the age of 18 without anything showing up on  his record. Existing law prohibits that purchase, but not all the  States are sending that information to the National Instant Criminal  Background Check System.   Those are examples of why it is so important to be able to get that  lookback in the pre-18-year-old history for mental health or criminal  justice encounters.   This is not actually an expansion of the background check system  because it doesn't add any new restrictions to gun ownership, but it  would permit the background check system to actually have access to  relevant and material information. It is a commonsense step to ensure  that the data in the NICS system is accurate.   That is easy enough to say, but we need to ensure this idea would  work in practice, and that is exactly what we are examining now.   No. 1, we need to ensure this provision would protect due process of  law. That is a constitutional right that is fundamental. Under current  law, anyone who receives a denial has the right to appeal that decision  or challenge the accuracy of the record. Of course, those same  protections should exist for juvenile records as well.   Secondly, we need to establish an interim plan while these records  are being uploaded into the background check system, a process that  will take some time.    Now, my colleagues across the aisle suggested a mandatory waiting  period for all purchasers under the age of 21, but we didn't agree to  that. There is no reason why somebody who passes a background check  with all relevant information in the database should be denied the  ability to purchase a gun. In fact, we are talking again about a  constitutional right. So no mandatory waiting period. But we are  looking at extending the investigatory period for juvenile records that  are unclear or ambiguous. Let me explain what I am talking about.   Under current law, a person who wants to purchase a gun from their  local retailer must complete a background check. We talked about that.  In nearly 90 percent of the cases, the background check is resolved  almost immediately because these are computerized records. The average  processing time is, in fact, less than 2 minutes. In those cases, the  seller receives an immediate answer--either the sale can proceed or it  cannot.   In the remaining roughly 10 percent of background checks, the system  doesn't return a green light or a red light. In short, this happens  when there are question marks or other things that need to be inquired  about. This could be caused by a number of factors. If the buyer has a  common name, the system could pull records on the wrong individual with  the same name. It could also be caused by incomplete criminal history  records. For example, if somebody was convicted of assault but the  record doesn't say whether it was a felony or misdemeanor or in some  cases whether the assault was a domestic violence incident, that would  have consequences in terms of their ability to purchase a firearm. So  further review, further investigation sometimes is necessary to see  whether the light should be green or the light should be red.   Under the current law, the FBI has up to 3 business days to complete  a background check and give the seller a clean answer on whether the  sale can proceed. That is current law, up to 3 days. In many cases,  this review that we are talking about adding for persons between 18 and  21--this review can clarify that the sale can proceed, and that is a  great thing. That is how we safeguard Second Amendment rights for law- abiding gun owners.   We discussed the idea of extending that investigatory period when  there is a question mark surrounding juvenile records. Again, this is  the exception to  [[Page S2954]]  the rule, where more information is required because the answer that  you get is ambiguous or unclear.   Under this enhanced review, an 18-year-old with a clean record would  be able to expeditiously purchase a firearm. The extended investigation  period would only apply to those rare cases and, again, only for those  18 to 20 for whom the system does not return a clear answer--yes or no,  green or red--but, rather, a yellow light.   We believe this is a commonsense and straightforward way to improve  the existing background check system without adding new restrictions.   As I said, negotiations are ongoing, but time is of the essence  because we need to get to an agreement so we can get text to our  colleagues so that the majority leader can bring this bill up on the  floor next week after giving everyone a chance to read it and  understand it and have their questions answered.   I yield the floor.   