 Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative Kaptur for all  she does for Ukraine.   Mr. Speaker, I stand here not only as the co-chair of Ukraine Caucus,  but also the ranking member of the House Subcommittee on Europe,  Energy, the Environment, and Cyber; and a commission on the Helsinki  Commission, having previously served and lived in Ukraine, in Kiev,  standing side by side with the Ukranian people, and growing to love  them for their heart, their passion, their desire for independence,  their desire for closer ties to the West, and their craving for  freedom, something that they are striving for more and more every  single day.   With all of those things in context, Mr. Speaker, this moment before  us, unfortunately, has not come as a surprise. Over the last 8 years,  the amazing people of Ukraine have endured Russia's illegal and violent  occupation. To date, some 14,000 innocent Ukrainians have perished,  many of whom were civilians with more than a million displaced.   The autocratic regime of Vladimir Putin has engaged in countless  humanitarian violations and challenged international norms of  sovereignty over the last 30 years, and it is imperative that the  United States and our NATO allies meet this moment with deterrence and  diplomacy and strength in unity.   America must, as we have in the past, stand up against Russian  authoritarianism. The people of Ukraine share our Western values and  deserve freedom from Russian oppression. The people of Ukraine share a  steadfast commitment to regional cooperation resisting polarization and  shining a light on corruption. The United States has moved to supply  [[Page H1109]]  Ukraine with lethal aid to maintain its borders in the wake of  increased Russian aggression.   The United States has committed just recently an additional $200  million in security assistance, and we must encourage our NATO allies  to act in a similar fashion. We applaud those NATO allies who have  stepped up to the plate and encourage those who have not that they must  do so now to maintain the NATO alliance. We have already stepped up to  defend democracy in so many other areas of the world and this must be  no exception.   It is my hope, Mr. Speaker, that more of our ally countries will take  this charge seriously and realize what is at stake. It is also my hope  that our allies can look to decouple with the Russian economy,  recognizing the larger threat Putin's destabilizing regime poses  throughout Europe and throughout the world. Taking decisive action in  implementing economic sanctions to the harshest degree is necessary,  and we must weigh all of our options given the severity of this moment,  along with a wide, bipartisan coalition in both Chambers of Congress.   My colleagues in Congress have called for sweeping sanctions on the  kleptocrats that keep Putin's regime operable. As it has before with  other rogue powers, the international community must send a clear and  unequivocal message. If Russia insists on threatening the sovereignty  of another state and jeopardizing global security, there will be the  harshest of consequences.   I would like to thank my co-chairs for being here today as well as  Representative Victoria Spartz, the first-ever Ukrainian born Member of  Congress, an immense source of pride for the people of Ukraine. We are  here to send a bipartisan, bicameral message to Vladimir Putin and his  corrupt regime that these consequences will far outweigh any benefit he  may perceive of further aggression in Ukraine.   If the Euromaidan Revolution should have sent any message to Russia,  it is that you never underestimate the heart and the passion of the  soul of Ukrainian people to defend their own independence.   The overwhelming majority of Ukrainians were born after 1991, after  their independence. They do not want any part of Russia regardless of  what Vladimir Putin thinks. And we will stand behind them unequivocally  and unapologetically to call for the harshest of consequence should  Vladimir Putin take one step across the Ukrainian border.   I personally will make it my mission here in this body to see that  they receive the harshest consequences, the least of which will be  ending Nord Stream 2 and removing Russia from the Swiss banking system,  cutting off their economy, targeting sanctions to Vladimir Putin  himself and his surrounding oligarchs.   I say to Mr. Putin that that will be just the beginning of what he  will face.   