 Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.  [[Page H4109]]    Mr. Speaker, I am very proud today to stand for this legislation with  the party of democracy and freedom for the people, rather than the  party of Big Brother and failed drug authoritarianism.   Do you know that 150 million Americans have used marijuana? Half of  the country. That is just the people who are being honest about it.  Half of the country has used marijuana, but you can still be denied a  security clearance and government employment for having once used  marijuana. That is plainly stupid, wrong, and unfair.   We are disqualifying tens of millions of qualified and excellent job  applicants for Federal Government employment, our fellow citizens, our  constituents. In Democratic districts and Republican districts, we are  disqualifying those people from being Federal Government employees  solely because they have used marijuana.   My amendment is one that every Member of the House should support. It  says that Americans should not be denied a security clearance simply  because they have used marijuana.   The longer I spend time in Congress, Mr. Speaker, the more I realize  that in America, change comes from the States. It comes from the  people. That is how we got child labor laws. That is how we got women's  suffrage. That is how we got direct election of U.S. Senators, and now,  so too with our draconian, obsolete, and failed marijuana laws.   Look at what is happening out in America. Eighteen States, plus  Washington, D.C., have now passed laws allowing adult use of marijuana.  In other words, they have accepted the antiprohibition principle that  is in our Constitution. It is not that alcohol is so great for  everybody in every circumstance, or marijuana is so great for everybody  in every circumstance. It is that criminal prohibition and  criminalization of large parts of our own population don't work.   It is legal in 18 States. In 27 States, it has been decriminalized.  In a majority of the States, it is no longer criminal. In 36 States,  the vast majority of America, more than two-thirds of the States,  medical use of marijuana has been approved. In other words, it is legal  in the vast majority of States of the country to use marijuana for  medicinal purposes.   What a massive outbreak of common sense in America against the GOP's  failed authoritarian war on marijuana that depends on paranoid tropes  from the 1970s. It is like they saw ``Reefer Madness'' in middle school  and never got over it.   I concede our party is not for the kind of cocaine-fueled orgies that  a freshman Republican Representative bragged about this week, but we do  understand that their marijuana prohibition laws don't work for our  people.   In any event, Mr. Speaker, we can all agree that we should not be  denying our constituents the opportunity to serve in Federal office by  denying them a security clearance simply because they have used  marijuana.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume.   I think the distinguished gentleman seems to concede the general  principle that we should not be denying the opportunity of Federal  employment to half of the country because they have used marijuana  before.    So, his argument seems to be: We have denied so many people that this  would be an imposition on Federal bureaucrats to go back and tell  people when they have been wronged in the past simply by telling the  truth and saying that they have once used marijuana.   In fact, most of these agencies don't even require that there was any  kind of criminal prosecution or conviction. They ask you, ``Have you  used marijuana?'' If people say, ``Yes, I used it once in college,'' or  whatever, they can't get a job. That makes no sense. We are doing that  to our constituents.   Yes, let's go back and see how many people we have denied the  opportunity of Federal employment to because they have used marijuana,  which is lawful in most of the country now, either on a medicinal basis  or on a recreational basis for adult consenting individuals who decide  that is a decision they want to make.   Let's grow up as a country about this, and let's stop discriminating  against our own people.   Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time.    Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for pointing out that  my amendment would apply not only to people who have sought public  employment in the past and been denied because they have been honest  enough to admit that they have once used marijuana but to private  contractors. We are denying people the opportunity to do business with  the government if they tell the truth about that.   I am urging all of my colleagues, wherever you are in terms of your  particular State, let's stop discriminating.   