 Mr. President, according to the National Association of  State Budget Officers in a report it just issued, States are sitting on  a surplus, cumulatively, of over $250 billion. In addition to that,  they have rainy day funds approaching over $130 billion. That totals up  to about $380 billion. This omnibus is going to spend somewhere around  $1.7 trillion; yet it is still not enough.   Here are the 625 pages of earmarks--almost $10 billion worth of  additional money going to the States when they are sitting on close to  $400 billion in surpluses. This is grotesque.   Earmarks are the gateway drug to the mortgaging of our children's  futures. This abuse must stop. My amendment simply eliminates all of  the earmarks from this grotesque omnibus bill.   I ask my colleagues to support the elimination of all of the earmarks  in this bill.    Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays.    Mr. President, I have a chart showing monthly  apprehensions of the southwest border since 2012. This little blip over  here in 2014, this is the humanitarian crisis declared by President  Obama when monthly apprehensions exceeded about 60,000 a month.   President Trump had to deal with, in one month, about 4,000 people a  day but still under 150,000 people per month. He solved the problem by  returning people and having a consequence for illegal entry into this  country.   President Biden took office, opened up the border, and now we are  exceeding over 200,000 people entering this country illegally every  month.   This is a crisis. This is a humanitarian crisis, but this  administration won't even admit it is a problem. They say it is a  challenge.   My amendment is pretty simple. It takes whatever funds are  appropriate for transporting illegal immigrants and only allows those  funds to be used to send them home or to a safe third country or to  Mexico or to a detention facility here in America. We need a  consequence. We have to secure our border. This is out of control.   I ask all my colleagues to support my amendment.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator from Connecticut.    I ask for the yeas and nays.   The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there a sufficient second?   There appears to be a sufficient second.   The clerk will call the roll.   The legislative clerk called the roll.   