 Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Ohio, Senator  Brown, and I thank him for working with us on this bipartisan  legislation that impacts thousands of retirees in our home State of  Ohio.   In the summer of 2009, as the Federal Government took General Motors  into bankruptcy, the Obama administration terminated the pension plans  covering thousands of Delphi workers. While union employees were  protected, these 20,000 salaried retirees, ranging from shop floor  supervisors and salespeople to engineers, office managers, were left  out. They had spent many years working at Delphi, a major employer and  economic engine in Dayton, OH, in Youngstown, OH, and in Sandusky, OH.   These people had followed the rules. They had earned their pensions  the American way, through hard work and dedication and contribution.  But instead of honoring the promises that had been made to these  salaried, middle income employees after 30, 40 years of service, the  administration terminated their pensions. People who had worked hard  their entire lives and played by the rules saw benefits cut by as much  as 70 percent. It is just not fair and no fault of their own, and it  has devastated some of them, particularly those who have healthcare  issues in their later years, who have not been able to lead the  standard of living that they assumed they would, based on the pensions  they had.   So it is about fairness, and it is very simple. It ensures that these  Delphi retirees receive the retirement benefits they were promised. It  would reinstate their pension plan and restore their benefits that were  unnecessarily and unfairly reduced.   Some of my colleagues may characterize this as a bailout, but I  respectfully must correct the record. The Delphi pension was over 80  percent funded when the Federal Government terminated the pensions in  2009 and took over these assets. By the way, it would have been fully  funded by the next year based on all the data we now have showing what  happened with market conditions. So it was 80 percent funded when the  government stepped in and said that it was massively underfunded, and a  year later it would have been fully funded.   Despite this, the government, again, treated the pensions as though  they were underfunded and slashed the benefits. It is simply about  keeping our promises to these workers.   There were 20,000 participants. Some say: Well, that is not a lot of  people. Well, to them, it is really important, and it is really  important to Ohio. About a quarter of those 20,000 live in our home  State of Ohio.   That is why I am proud to stand with them, my colleagues from Ohio,  and with others here in this body and over in the House to ensure that  fairness is what they get at the end of the day.   This should not be controversial legislation, in my view. I am  pleased to say that it has bipartisan support. We just saw 36  Republicans support this on the House side. I encourage my colleagues  in the Senate to also support these workers, to make them whole with  this legislation so that we can make good on the Federal Government's  promise to them.   I yield the floor.   