 Madam President, I feel as though the Presiding Officer  has the misfortune of being the Presiding Officer every time I come out  here to speak. So I apologize for that, but I thank you for your  patience and for your indulgence.   Madam President, when I was in the second grade, we were asked to  line up in our classroom by the people whose family had been here the  shortest period of time and whose family had been here the longest  period of time, and I turned out to be the answer to both of those  questions. My father's family went all the way back to basically before  the founding of the United States, and my mother had recently arrived,  having survived the Holocaust in and around Warsaw with her parents,  John and Helena Klejman, who came to this country to rebuild their  shattered lives. So one person going back to the beginning; another  person recently arrived.   That is not an unusual story for this country. That is a usual story  for this country. It is an unusual story in the world because a lot of  other countries aren't like the United States of America in this way.  There is literally no other country on the planet for which immigration  is so central to its history and identity as the United States of  America.   People all over the world want to come here because we live in a  country that respects human freedoms and respects human rights. They  want to share in the American dream. They want to be part of the oldest  democracy in human history. We should celebrate that on this floor. We  should celebrate that fact on this floor. People aren't lining up to go  to Russia. They aren't crossing the Gobi Desert to go to China. They  want to come here. That should give us enormous pride as Americans. I  feel proud of that. I am proud of that.   My grandparents were filled with joy to be Americans. I have never  met anybody--I have traveled my State extensively and the United States  extensively. I have never met a person who has a stronger accent than  my grandparents had. And they are the greatest patriots I ever knew-- not because they thought this country was perfect but because they  believed we had a way of correcting our imperfections and that they  could be part of that even though they came from someplace else and  spoke a different language.    Over our history, immigration has been a uniquely American strength.  Today, immigrants lead one in four startups. They are more than half of  all STEM workers with Ph.Ds. They are nearly 3 in 10 physicians in this  country and nearly 4 in 10 home healthcare aides. And they are more  than 70 percent--70 percent--of all farmworkers, the men and women who  work tirelessly day after day after day, late into the night, to keep  us fed and were doing that during the pandemic without rest.   While other industrialized nations have seen their populations  decline and their economies stagnate, immigration has been vital to the  American economy. If you look at the history of the United States for  the last 150 years or so, what you see is that there are variations.  Sometimes we grow; sometimes we don't. But, roughly, it is 3 percent a  year of economic growth. Two percent of that is organic. One percent of  that is immigration. If you cut off immigration, that is a third of our  economic growth over the years.   I think most of America understands this. I think people in Colorado  understand this well. They know that immigration is fundamental to our  history and to our identity, to our economy, but they also have a  reasonable expectation that the government is managing immigration in a  responsible way, in a way that is consistent with our best traditions  as a nation and upholds the rule of law.   After I was first elected to the Senate, one of the first things I  worked on was something we called the Colorado Compact. I stole the  idea from a Republican. I think he was the attorney general of the  State of Utah. He created the Utah Compact. I went out with my friend,  a former Senator, a Republican from Colorado named Hank Brown, and we  developed something called the Colorado Compact. I spent 18 months  working on it. We traveled 6,300 miles around the State of Colorado. We  had 230 meetings. We talked to farmers and business owners, with law  enforcement, educators, faith leaders, ski resorts, Latino leaders. All  of them were struggling with different pieces of our broken immigration  system.   Not surprisingly when you have conversations like that around  people's kitchen tables or in the county courthouses, we found that  there was a lot more agreement on what immigration reform should look  like than you would ever think possible if all you did was listen to  the cable television at night or read your social media feed--neither  of which I recommend anybody spend their time doing.   We developed a set of principles in a bipartisan way, in rural parts  of Colorado as well as urban and suburban parts of the State. We had  some of the most conservative organizations in Colorado--Club 20 comes  to mind--that endorsed this and some of the most aggressive immigrant  rights groups who supported this. And the principles that we developed  included a commitment to the rule of law, our heritage as a nation of  immigrants, and a secure border. That is how you get a broad coalition  together on immigration.  [[Page S2513]]    One thing we agreed on was that the issue needs more than piecemeal  reforms. No State effort is a substitute for a commonsense national  strategy to overhaul our immigration system. That is why, a few years  later, I was one of four Democrats who served on the Gang of 8 here in  2013. We had four Republicans and we had four Democrats, and we worked  for months on a piece of legislation that became known, I guess, as the  Gang of 8 bill. It was the first comprehensive immigration bill in  years in this place, and the elements of it were aligned exactly with  what we had said in the Colorado Compact: the tough but fair pathway to  citizenship; the most progressive Dream Act that had ever been  conceived, much less written or voted on, on the floor of the Senate; a  massive overhaul of our visa system; $46 billion of border security-- not a medieval wall but state-of-the-art military technology so we  could see every inch of the border. We doubled the number of border  agents in that bill. We had 300 miles--I think even more than that--of  new fencing as a result of that bill.   In a moment that today almost seems unimaginable--but this is why I  wanted to come to the floor today, really, was to remind people of  this; the pages who are here won't even believe it--this came to the  floor, and it passed with 68 votes. It almost got 70 votes in 2013.   Then it went over to the House of Representatives, and tragically-- tragically--instead of just putting the bill on the floor and letting  the House work its will, the Freedom Caucus got to exercise a veto, and  they said: If you can't get a majority of the majority, we are not  going to let you pass this bill--even though a majority of the House of  Representatives wanted to pass the bill because there were enough  people from both parties who could see the benefit of this  comprehensive immigration bill.   And I realize, you know, now we are in a different day. That was  then; this is now. It was a different negotiation, a different deal.  And it was a different Senate, for that matter. It was a Senate, thanks  to John McCain, that occasionally worked--and others like him.   I think that we have got to figure out a way to get past this logjam  and toward a solution where we honor our heritage as a nation of  immigrants, we secure the benefits to our economy of a working  immigration system, we comply with the rule of law, and we give the  American people confidence that our border is secure. None of that is  an unreasonable expectation, but we are nowhere near meeting that  expectation today. Instead, politicians have used our broken  immigration system as one more issue to bludgeon the other side, to not  make progress. That was the theory of the people who killed the bill in  2013, was that they could get more out of the politics of not passing  the bill than they would by passing the bill.   I actually think--I think they got more than they were even  bargaining for. They couldn't have imagined when they voted against  that bill that they would end up nominating a Presidential candidate  who rode an escalator down in his building talking about how Mexicans  are rapists and that that guy not only was nominated; he went on to  become President of the United States. Staggering. Staggering.   I think there is some question about whether American history would  have changed in really profound ways if we had been able to pass that  comprehensive bill, and the cost has been just terrible for the country  for our inability to do it.   Our businesses are desperate to hire computer scientists and  engineers, but because our visa system is broken, we are literally  training Ph.Ds and sending them back to countries like India or China  or to Canada. We have Dreamers who are living in perpetual fear, unable  to plan for their future in the only country they have ever known. This  Senate has been unable to deal with the issue of the Afghan  interpreters who are people who fought side by side, worked side by  side with our soldiers in Afghanistan because of our broken system and  the politics around immigration.   In Colorado, we have a $47 billion agriculture industry. It is  lifeblood of our State. I have met vegetable growers in Brighton and  peach growers in Palisade who don't have enough labor to harvest the  crops. And the system is broken.   We fixed that in 2013, too. I negotiated that with Orrin Hatch, God  rest his soul, and Marco Rubio and Dianne Feinstein. That is who  negotiated the agriculture provisions of the bill.   In Colorado, it is not just farmers. We don't have enough workers for  our steer. Across the country, we don't have enough doctors. We don't  have enough nurses or childcare providers or home health aides. We have  11 million unfilled jobs in this country right now because the economy  has come back, but we haven't been able to fill these vacancies. You  can draw a straight line from our broken immigration system to the  country's labor shortages to some of the high prices that we see in  this economy.   So Americans--once again, no one around here bears the burden of not  getting the job done, but Americans are paying the price for an  immigration system that doesn't work. The last time we reformed our  immigration system in a comprehensive way was 1986. For those keeping  score, I was a junior in college then; I am 57 today. So that is an  incredibly long period of time, and that was when Ronald Reagan was  President.   But a lot has changed in 36 years. Today, we are in an era of mass  migration propelled by COVID, global instability, and climate change.  And it is only going to get worse. Our immigration system, including  our asylum system, isn't built for today's conditions. It is one reason  why we have a perpetual humanitarian crisis at our southern border. And  that crisis should not be an excuse to not act. That crisis should be a  reason for us to act.   Right now, the administration has the resources to process 3,500  migrants a day at the border, but they are receiving 8,000 a day, and  we could see up to 18,000 a day by this summer. If that happens, the  money is going to run out in July, overwhelming any border  infrastructure and deepening the humanitarian crisis that is there.   None of this should surprise us. There is a surge at the border every  summer; and since we know it is coming, we need a plan. I am sorry to  say this, but the administration doesn't have one. I read what they put  out last month. I didn't see any benchmarks, any timelines, any  accountability on implementation. I did see a lot of what I think is  wishful thinking about everything being under control when they aren't  under control. That is not what the American people believe. That is  not what public servants and organizations at the border report.   And now the administration wants to lift title 42, which is going to  make a bad situation even worse. We can't keep title 42 forever. It is  no substitute for a comprehensive plan, but lifting it now before we  have a plan, I think is a mistake and it is going to erode the American  people's confidence that we have the situation at the border under  control. And it is going to deepen the humanitarian crisis at the  border. It is going to deepen the humanitarian crisis at the border.   By the way, part of that plan--if we had a plan--should be having a  conversation--leading a conversation--with leaders across Latin America  to see how we can come together as a region to help people that have  been dislocated by violence and by corruption.   Until we solve this in a comprehensive way, these issues are going to  keep coming up and they are going to keep dividing us here. Today, it  is title 42. And in the last administration, we literally shut the  government down--literally shut the government down--over a debate  about whether Mexico would pay for the wall, which, by the way, they  were never going to do and they never did. We created DACA under one  President only to see it canceled in the next Presidency.   We could have spared America all of this. We could have spared  America all of this if we had passed the Gang of 8 bill in 2013. We  could have spared the harm to our communities and our economy, but also  the harm to our democracy from the mindless political fights over the  past decade when people in the Senate turned immigration into political  napalm instead of lifting it up as part of our history, a central part  of who we are.   If there is any silver lining to our failure to pass comprehensive  reform in 2013, it is that we clearly demonstrated that Democrats  cannot fix  [[Page S2514]]  this by themselves. We are going to need two parties working together  to do it. The good thing about immigration is that there are a lot of  different issues, there are a lot of different constituencies, and  there are a lot of ways to construct a deal.    The former chairman of the Judiciary Committee is on the floor,  Senator Leahy, from Vermont. If I am not mistaken, Senator Leahy would  chair the Judiciary Committee when we were considering the 2013 Gang of  8 bill. That was an extraordinary process, an open amendment process--I  will yield for the chairman to speak.    I thank the chairman for his historical recollection,  which is 100 percent correct. I just want to make it clear, again, how  extraordinary the process was.   You know, when people--I think people in this country are entitled to  believe that the way this place works is the way that old ``Schoolhouse  Rock'' cartoon said it worked about how a bill becomes a law. I think  people ought to be entitled to believe this is the way this place  works. It almost never works that way, but it did in the case of this  bill and in the case of the chairman's leadership in the Judiciary.   We just need people who are willing to work together here. I have  continued to work with Mike Crapo from Idaho, a Republican, working on  a deal to try to create a pathway to legalization for farmworkers. If  we can do that, I don't see a reason why we can't raise our sights and  come together as a Senate to finally fix our broken immigration system.   There is no one else to address this but the 100 Senators that are in  this Chamber. I am prepared to work with any one of them--anybody  here--to get it done because we don't have to choose between our  heritage as a Nation of immigrants and our commitment to the rule of  law. We do not have to choose between a medieval wall and the Statue of  Liberty.   We can end the partisan warfare over immigration that has hurt our  economy, our communities, and our standing in the world. We can give a  real pathway to citizenship for those willing to invest in the American  dream. We can secure the border. We can make immigration the wind in  our sails once again and give the American people confidence that we  have a fair system in place to welcome people--like my mom and her  parents--who want nothing more than to contribute to this Nation and to  our democracy.   I yield the floor.   