 Madam Speaker, 15 months have passed  since January 6 of 2021, yet I have seen little evidence over that time  to indicate the necessary progress has been made to ensure the Capitol  complex is more secure.   And I have seen no evidence that the politicized select committee is  serious about identifying or addressing the issues that led to our  Capitol being so unprepared on that day, which should be its top  priority.   On February 17 of this year, the GAO released a report detailing the  lack of security preparedness by Capitol Police leadership and the  Capitol Police Board on and in the lead-up to January 6. The rank-and- file men and women who serve Congress as members of the Capitol Police  put their lives on the line every day. Yet, the Capitol Police Board,  controlled by Speaker Pelosi, failed them. They deserve better.   Instead of working to ensure our Capitol Police officers have the  tools and the training they need to prevent another event like January  6 or taking long-overdue steps to reform the Capitol Police Board, the  House is once again voting on a contempt resolution because two  individuals are not complying with another sham subpoena issued by  House Democrats.   I have a newsflash for members of the Select Committee: You do not  have limitless power. You cannot demand testimony, documents, or even  view the information of your political opponents without their consent  or without the law on your side. You have neither.   Specifically, Mr. Scavino and Mr. Navarro are unable to testify on  specific topics that are related to their work in the White House, nor  can they testify on communications between President Trump and the  President's closest advisers, as those communications are protected  under President Trump's claim of executive privilege.    As a reminder, the American taxpayer is spending millions of dollars  on this select committee. According to The Washington Post, the select  committee is on pace to spend $9.3 million by the end of December.   To put that into perspective, that amount exceeds the current budgets  for the Committees on the Judiciary; Agriculture; Budget; Ethics; the  Committee on House Administration; Rules; Science, Space, and  Technology; Small Business; Natural Resources; Homeland Security;  Veterans' Affairs; and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence.   That is right, this select committee is using more taxpayer resources  on their partisan investigation than Democrats have devoted to serving  veterans, addressing rising prices in inflation, or helping our farmers  during a massive supply chain crisis.   This is nothing more than a sham investigation full of misuses of  congressional authority, including Speaker Pelosi violating 230 years  of precedent by refusing to allow the minority party to select its own  committee members, failing to investigate pursuant to a valid  legislative purpose, altering evidence to fit a certain narrative,  lying to witnesses, falsely accusing witnesses, violating deponents'  right to challenge subpoenas, and perhaps above all, refusing to  investigate why Speaker Pelosi and the Capitol Police Board left the  Capitol so unprotected that day.   I urge my colleagues to oppose the resolution.   